FREEDOM AND JUSTICE REPUBLIC OF GHANA

GA

2021 NATIONAL FINANCIAL PLAN

HIGHLIGHTS OF 2021 NATIONAL FINANCIAL PLAN IMPLEMENTATION OBJECTIVES

objective: “ National Financial framework for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

For any information regarding the 2021 National Budget and Budget Activities, you will find it online at www.mofep.gov.gh.

To request a copy of this 2021 National Budget and Budget, contact the Director of Project and Public Relations at: www.mofep.gov.gh

For a copy of these documents contact the Public Relations Office of the ministry of Finance:

Public Relations Office New Building Ground Floor Room 001 or 003 P. O. Box MB 40 Accra – Ghana Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

Translated by:



and | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

objective: “ National Financial framework for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

Contents

Arrangement of Boxes:........................................................................................................................ iii

Arrangement of Drawings: ............................................................................................................................ iii

STATEMENT FROM THE MINISTER IN CHARGE OF FINANCE…………… v

INTRODUCTION............................................................................................................................. 1

FINANCIAL PLAN AND PROCEDURES FOR 2020 ................................................................ 1

2021 FINANCIAL PLAN (BUGGET) AND PROCEDURES ............................................................... 4

FINANCIAL STRATEGIES .................................................................................................. 5

CHALLENGES CAUSED BY COVID-19, POVERTY AND GHANA THINKS ABOUT YOU (FEMALE) THE EVENT……………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 7

DEVELOPMENT AND STABILITY OF MAJOR PUBLIC PROJECTS ................................................. 12

NAAMUU .......................................................................................................................................... 22

DEFINITION OF SOME WORDS ............................................................................................. 24

ii | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

objective: “ National Financial framework for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

Arrangement of Boxes:

Box 1: Professionals in the Health sector………………………………………….. 17

Box 2: Summary of completed projects ................................................................ 19

Box 3: Summary of activities ........................................................................................ 20

Arrangement of Drawings:

Figure 1: Fundraising trends from January – December 2020 ( in Billions of Cedis)....................................................................................................................2

Figure 2 : Economic Organizational expectations for 2021 (in Biliong citizens).........................................................................................................................3

Figure 3: Economic Organizational expectations for 2021 (in Biliong citizens)........................................................................................................................5

Chart 4: Availability and prices of goods in 2021 (in Currency)..............................................................................................................................6

iii | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

objective: “ National Financial framework for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

“Now is the time for all of us to stand firm together and join hands to work hard and work hard to build Ghana strongly to its full potential.”

BOUGHT. Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo

(March 2021- Jaku's schedule)

iv | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

objective: “National Financial framework for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

STATEMENT FROM THE MINISTER OF FINANCE

Ghanaians voted in December 2020 for our President H.E. Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo again to continue his good works. The resilience that Ghanaians saw in these Governors was no joke.

The passage of our 2021 Budget will revive our national economy, lift failing industries, show some resilience and help build a better Ghanaian society after COVID-19. This public financing system will be the foundation for any decision we make that will help reshape and rebuild this country, and improve all public services.

We have reorganized all financial matters based on this in the first paragraph, that is, through good planning, the establishment of large-scale goals, the establishment of common fundraising activities, the use of various channels to achieve the same goals, the support of individual projects, and the planning of problem-solving activities. As 2019 came to an end, we tried to change the face of public finances by identifying one big key steps and the whole world witnessed this, then COVID-19 showed its face. The financial impact of the pandemic was felt by the whole world and not just Ghana.

The emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic has brought unprecedented disruptions to our businesses and daily lives. The authorities were well aware of the devastation this had caused to the public and put in place a plan to help restore all activities. There is still hope because we have seen different ways of holding things together. Governors are committed to ensuring that our people are healthy, so he plans for Ghanaians to be wiped out and for everyone to be healthy and we build the country.

Even in these difficult times, we have reached out to you for development activities and have made major plans to help rebuild the economy. About 1.2 million Ghanaians will have full access to secondary education, we have planned to revamp all banking services so that customers of these banks have access to all their accounts. In addition, a different arrangement of vehicles has been developed, which has allowed us to see the first vehicles stacked on streets and roads.

We emphasize that we have indeed experienced some difficulties in the expectation of progress. The authorities have committed to implementing measures to help secure resources and create jobs. One is we invested up to GH¢750 million in some entrepreneurial activities in August 2020 and this has helped large and small enterprises of Micro, Small scale, Medium-Sized Enterprises (MSMES) and others as well.

We are spreading our hands and calling everyone to join us and continue to put worthy ideas on the jackpot for everyone to benefit from. That is we all pledged to help serve Ghana with all our hearts and abilities.

God bless you all.

Ghana is alive!

Ken Ofori-Atta Minister of State for Economic Policy

v | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

SHAME

1. 2021 Financial Plan summary showing the benefits achieved by the Government in 2020 and the planned purchases of certain revenue streams and the implementation of the plans in 2021. The objective of this 2021 budget is “Integrity, completeness and strengthening of the National financial system”. This point is emphasized by the fact that in recent years all kinds of financial institutions have been holding new development projects to replace existing projects. This not only puts pressure on the economy, but it also makes it more stressful, making it impossible to pay contractors who have finished work early. This also led to a huge financial crisis.

2. In 2021, the Governors have decided to take a completely different approach. The goal is to help them get all the various unfinished business done.

FINANCIAL PLAN AND PROCEDURES FOR 2020

MAJOR (MACRO ECONOMIC) PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES

3. Here are the budgets for the events in 2020:

• In the first nine months of the year, gross domestic product (GDP) grew by 0.2 percentage points (0.2%). The expected rate is to rise to 0.9 percentage points (0.9%) by the end of the year.

• Spiritual Gross domestic product (GDP) fell by 0.4 percent (0.4%) in the first nine months of the year, but is expected to rise to 1.6 percent (1.6%) by the end of the year.

• Year-end December inflation reached 10.4 percent (10.4%) against expectations of 11.0 percent (11.0%)

• The overall budget deficit reached 11.7 percent (11.7%) (GDP) against the expectation of 11.4 percent (11.4%) (GDP).

• Gross domestic product (GDP) grew by 5.3 percent (5.3%) against the expectation of 4.6 percent (4.6%) (GDP). And

• Foreign exchange reserves also amounted to ‘US$8.6 billion’, equivalent to 4.1 months of commodity earnings.

1 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

ECONOMIC AND BUSINESS PLANNING EVENTS IN 2020

Fundraising Organization

4. In the 2020 budget, the Governor set out a number of measures to raise funds and grants amounting to GH¢53.7 billion to implement certain activities, projects and policies. By the end of December 2020, revenue was GH¢55.1 billion, exceeding expectations by GH¢1.5 billion. This is all due to better procedures to handle foreign trade taxes, that is the advantage of opening Integrated Customs Management System (ICUMS), they have established vibrant systems for efficient collection of revenues. Figure 1 is showing the Fundraising strategy in different stages in 2020.

Figure 1: Fundraising trends from January – December 2020 ( in Sidi millions)

60.0

53.7 55.1

50.0

42.6 40.7

40.0

30.0

20.0

10.0

4.5 5.0

3.8 3.6

3.4 2.8

1.2 1.2

0.0

Total funds raised & kee money

Found money without spiritual money

Income earned without spirit and Tax

mud and lacquer receipts

Other loans (ESLA, SSNIT and NHIL)

Keep money

Confirmed budget

Finding

2 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

Expenses

5. By the end of December 2020, the Government had spent GH¢100.1 billion (including expenses), compared to the expected GH¢97.7 billion. Money orders and other debts remained intact. All other earnings rose above expectation as we see in the 2020 outlook in chart 2. as we see in the second art 2. The large amounts of money we see in some of the loans are based on these and other activities:

• From the recruitment of more professionals in the health sector, the salary of health workers as well as the age limit for soldiers before retirement.

• incurred COVID-19 claims on goods and services; and

• COVID-19 accommodation expenses from japadei construction.

6. It is important to note that the Government has borrowed GH¢44.9 billion in addition to revenues and expenditures of GH¢55.1 billion to finance the projects planned for the 2020 fiscal year.

Figure 2: 2020 Wage Growth from January – December (in Billions of Ghana Cedis)

There are concerns

2.21

0

1.44

Unpaid bills

1.44

12.18

Other payments

12.08

14.09

Payment of Japadei

9.33

11.88

Some government officials donate money

11.81

26.6

seven

26.27

7.39

goods and services

7.74

28.27

100.53

Employee compensation

27.06

Total debt (including unpaid debt)

97.74

0 20 40 60 80 100 120

Built in budget

That's what I saw

3 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

7. Public debt in 2020

• Public debt in December 2020 amounted to GH¢291.6 billion (US$50.8 billion), representing 76.1 percent (76.1%) of GDP. This is in addition to the money raised by the Government to pay for ransomware and personal electricity purchases. Excluding financial institutions’ redemption debt, 2020 prohibitive debt was 71.5 percent (71.5%). Here are the breakdowns of the ban fee:

• Foreign debts: GH¢141.7 billion (US$24.7 billion) representing 48.6 percent (48.6%) of the entire ban debt fund; and

• Foreign exchange: GH¢149.8 billion (US$26.1 billion) representing 51.4 percent (51.4%) of the total foreign exchange reserves.

2021 FINANCIAL PLAN (BUDGET) AND PROCEDURES

2021 Business objectives (MACRO ECONOMIC) outlook

8. Governments’ fiscal policies and activities (taxation and spending policy) determine the short-term direction of financial affairs. The 2021 Budget is based on the following key expectations:

• Gross domestic product (GDP) increase by 5.0 percentage points (5.0%);

• Gross domestic product (GDP) growth of 6.7 percentage points (6.7%);

• Year-end inflation to 8.0 percent (8.0%);

• Post-budget debt to 9.5 percent (9.5%) of GDP;

• Reduce the debt to GDP ratio to 1.3 percent (1.3%);

• Foreign exchange reserves will be able to withstand at least 4.0 months of goods and services payments.

Fundraising In 2021

9. The government expects to reach GH₵72.5 billion in tax collection in 2021. The distributions of monetary expectations are the ones that occur on table 3:

4 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

Figure 3: Growth of Economic Organizational expectations in 2021 (in US dollars)

Keep 1.5 coins

Other funds (ESLA, SSNIT and NHIL) 4.9

Discovery of spiritual currency 5.4

non-income Tax (uninspired) 7.1

A tax without spiritual money 53.6

Save 55.8

Total money raised and Kee 72.5 points

INVESTMENT SYSTEMS

10. The authorities have included measures of certain fundraising initiatives in the 2021 budget so as to support the sustainability of development activities and strengthen the health sector in facing the challenges of the COVID- 19 pandemic. Here’s what the fundraising strategy and ideas come up with:

• A COVID -19 health tax of one per cent (1%) has been added to National Health Insurance premiums and one per cent (1%) has been added to the VAT tax.;

• A Sanitation and Pollution Levy (SPL) of 10 per liter has been imposed on the Energy Sector Levies Act (ESLA) to support good sanitation practices, quality of life, and to reduce deaths and diseases by reducing pollution;

• An electricity service enhancement tax (Delta Fund) of 20 pesewas per spiritual liter has been imposed through the use of ESLA charges from energy purchase policies;

• Financial management activity is subject to a five percent (5%) cleaning tax on tangible profits before federal taxes in

5 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

banks and thus support other appropriate practices in the banking sectors. This will be re-entered 2024;

• The Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of the Interior will work together to monitor gambling and, in consultation with those affected by those activities, may consider legislation to enforce certain penalties against gamblers; then

• The introduction of road taxation to correct and balance current market value in accordance with the (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 2018 (Act 983) so that it can serve as a guide for other years market value and taxes matters as announced by the Ghana Statistical Service.

2021 sales and delivery of the services

11. The officials target expenditure of GH₵113.8 billion in the year 2021 as shown in table 4. The amount of GH₵41.3 billion is the amount to be borrowed from foreign and domestic markets.

Chart 4: Property interest rates and prices in 2021 ( in Billions of dollars)

Liabilities 3.7

Other Payments 8.4

Government services cost 18.1 million dollars

Section 35.9

Payment of Japadei 11.4

Products and services 6.0

Employee compensation 30.3

Total debt 113.8

6 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

CHALLENGES POSED BY COVID-19, POVERTY AND GHANA THINKS ABOUT YOU (WOMAN) THE EVENT

12. This chapter clearly shows the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and how it has wreaked havoc on global markets especially Ghana. It should outline the ways in which the Government will address the problems.

CHALLENGES CAUSED BY THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC

13. The global outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in late 2019 caused a number of major disruptions to real estate, businesses, and global markets. It has disrupted economies, caused job losses, debt, and disrupted economic growth. In addition, it has killed more than 2.6 million people worldwide.

14. In Ghana, the number of confirmed cases increased week by week from 11 to 781 from the last week of July 2020, now it has started to decline to 104 in the last week of December 2020. In 2021, a variant of the virus also rose again and this too went up from 99 in the first week of January to 880 by December 5, in the first week.

15. In order to reduce the spread of the virus, the Governors imposed pressure on Ghanaians and this did disrupt sectors especially trade and finance, such as, funerals, agriculture, health, transportation, handicrafts, real estate and building, financial services and all education sectors.

16. The mechanics, drivers, and plankers of the troughs and all the self-employed who enjoyed this condition were severely bound by the oppressive laws of the Governors. Although these restrictive measures would have helped to control the spread of the virus, they also greatly reduced the supply of goods and services.

17. Compared to neighboring countries, the courage of these Governors to take a firm stand against the spread of the virus has caused all foreign countries to encourage the Governors to tighten the rules.

7 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

18. In addition to the responsibilities, the Government will receive a grant from the International Monetary Fund, for US$100 million to strengthen and improve the country's emergency COVID-19 response activities. (Emergency Preparedness and Response Plan (EPRP)) to enable better access to the sources of the disease, analysis, so that all the disease information can be collected and scaled for the 3Ts of Testing, Tracing and Treatment.

Treatment in progress

19. The officials also gave some measures to bring stability in certain areas such as:

• Support for various businesses to ensure that their employees are able to maintain their homes in times of need;

• Electricity bills from April to the end of December 2020 and feeding the poor during the lockdown;

8 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

Waterfall

• Provision of cooked food to 1,827,581 affected people in Ga and 917,142 affected people in Kumase;

• Members of Faith-Based Organizations also distributed 470,000 meals to various families during the lockdown;

• The authorities through the water affairs department Ghana Water Company Limited enabled free water cuts benefiting up to 10,125,620 Ghanaians;

• Ghanaians who went into dependency due to expulsion from abroad due to restrictions and crackdown on travel and movement issues i.e. ‘Operation Return Home;

• The Coronavirus Alleviation Program Business Support Scheme (CAP-BuSS) has been allocated up to GH¢750 million to help curb the spread and damage to business objectives and Micro, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (MSMEs). GH¢412.88 million and 277,511 pia operations; then

• A COVID-19 National Trust Fund was launched, raising funds amounting to GH¢ 57.13 million of which GH¢45.22 million was used as of December 31, 2020 to distribute COVID-19 protective equipment PPEs and other medicines in COVID-19 preparedness centers and distribute food to people in need. The elderly, the poor, and the needy, were also distributed to all COVID-19 hospitals.

20. COVID-19 recovery in 2020: Officials will plan to open the following types of upcoming relief events in addition to 2021 events, especially those hit hardest by the pandemic:

• Tax reduction: There will be a 30 percent (30%) reduction in taxes paid to the municipality for the second, third and fourth quarters of the year in 2021 in the case of companies operating hotels and dining establishments, educational institutions, sports and entertainment facilities and travel and tourism facilities.

9 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

Tax relief (stamp): The second, third and fourth quarters of 2021 will be used for small businesses and will be reduced by tax relief (stamp);

Vehicle tax: The four-tier vehicle tax, which is paid in four annual installments on vehicles in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2021, will be introduced to trucks and taxis to help reduce fares; and

Early payment of penalties: Accumulated debts and penalties, which were paid until December 2020, will also be subject to the payment rules for companies and individuals who meet with GRA to show that they will pay their debts by December 2021. Beneficiaries must register with the Ghana Revenue Authority and be able to keep their first commitment.

10 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

GhanaThinking of Yourself (Good Girl) Program (GhanaCARES (YOU WILL BE A PA) PROGRAMME)

21. The Government has launched the Ghana COVID-19 Crisis and Recovery Centers in the field of activities titled Ghana Cares for You (Ghana CARES) on 20 November 2020, with the aim of containing and strengthening crises to accelerate stability in markets and the economy. This is indeed a strategy that will help Ghana's commercial economy to stand on its own feet so that progress and stability can be restored to the lives of Ghanaians.

22. The Ghana cares about you (Ghana CARES) program is based on our development projects, resources and initiatives that will support employers and encourage people to find good jobs. Through careful consideration, the Government has decided to impose this practice on financial and business systems and to promote good works to improve and reward people, especially the private sector.

23. These are among the major project milestones and initiatives to be completed under the Ghana Care for Yourself (Ghana CARES) initiative:

• Large-scale agricultural projects will be encouraged to encourage trained youth and women to participate in agricultural activities;

• Ghana’s small scale manufacturing industry will be strengthened;

• Improvements in engineering services (engineering and mechanics) and ICT/computer services will be ensured.

• Quick English ways of identifying numbers;

• Ghana’s construction issues and bleaching projects issues will be addressed;

• Ghana will be divided into Regions;

• To enter into and declare plans for Governorships that constitute certain major events and key activities; know

• Establishment of development banks (Development Bank of Ghana) in Ghana which is to use the proceeds to fund development and projects under the Ghana Consider Yourself (Ghana CARES) initiative.

11 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

DEVELOPMENT AND STABILITY OF LARGE PUBLIC PROJECTS

24. This chapter announces the main tasks and their achievements in the year 2020 and the plans and initiatives that will continue in the year 2021. These initiatives and programs are selected based on the 2018-2021 Short Term Development Plan and Ghana’s failure in the Application Process. These plans, the special objective of which is to realize the Governors vision of the “Ghana Considers You” program and what the nations expect from us according to the United Nations (UN) 2030 (SDG) aspirations and the African Union’s 2063 Agenda.

DEPARTMENT OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE

Markets are selling vegetables

25. The Ministry of Food and Agriculture tried to implement the agricultural program “National Agricultural Investment Plan-Investing for Food and Jobs (IFJ, 2018-2021)”, and invested in the agriculture for employment and food system, to reduce poverty, to train people to find the right skills for this job. During 2020, the Governors implemented the following upcoming measures:

12 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

• 1,736,510 farmers were assisted by the distribution of fertilizers and seeds at the expense of the Government, which helped to increase food production in certain crops such as maize and others, and to create jobs in these sectors; and distributed 7,500 seedlings to 750 farmers in Upper West, Upper and Oti districts. Distribution of 30,000 chickens to 3000 farmers in the Upper Western, Eastern, Ashante, Upper, and Ga Regions:

• Distribution of 531,100 poultry, pigs and chickens to farmers and started construction of 11 poultry sheds and wells for seven pastures;

• Continuation of crop irrigation projects already started and at various stages of completion: Tamne phases I&II—90 percent and 50 percent completed; Mprumem section II— 95 percent completed, others repaired, upgraded and opened in Tono— 95 percent completed, Kpong irrigation system — 61 percent complete and Kpong River left bank irrigation system — 72 percent complete;

• Completed the construction of 10 irrigation ponds in the Upper East, Upper West, Upper District and Savanna District to ensure local water supply and one for year-round cultivation;

Washing machines for the field and its contents

• Completion of 21 warehouses through the One District One Project Programme;

• The GH¢7,600 price per ton of cocoa was fixed for cocoa farmers in the 2017/2018 season, with an 8.42 per cent increase to ¢8,240 per tonne in the 2018/2019 cocoa harvest season decreased relative to the world market; and create 110,000 jobs through the implementation of these cocoa programs, to improve livelihoods and thus prevent rural migration and urbanization and contribute to a better quality of life across Ghana.

26. In 2021, Governors will:

• continue to provide farmers with good seeds and fertilizers to help produce more food, maize, rice, wheat, corn, cowpea and cotton, so that Ghana can have enough food to export;

• except 531,100 poultry, pigs and chickens purchased in 2020 for farmers, to start the construction of 11 poultry sheds and ponds for seven pastures; 3 animal barns were dismantled; bought eggs

13 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

million and 20,000 chickens with a large percentage of the sale to the farmers

Governors purchased agricultural machinery worth up to US$30 million which was distributed to support farmers using machinery;

purchased 97,000 liters and 14,000 kg of pesticides to control insects such as rats, insects and pests, purchased/constructed two warehouses, 3 large poultry farms and 3 million small insecticides

To train 64 youths in the construction of greenhouses in Akumadan and Bawjiase

TRADE AND SERVICES

27. In 2020, the Government introduced a number of reform measures that will transform the face of entrepreneurship and help Ghana lead the market in this West African and African context.

28. In 2020, the Governors implemented the following measures:

Through the 1D1F programs, 232 projects have been initiated, reaching various levels, with 76 completed and under implementation, and 107 remaining unfinished;

assist 1D1F eligible projects with financing and sanitation, taxes and incentives, and other infrastructure such as oil and gas, water and electricity services;

GH¢603 million was invested, and tax-free purchases were made for 37 projects;

Through 1D1F projects, the Government and Banks have been in contact, seeking GH¢2.3 billion in funding for these projects. The government has allocated GH¢213 million to banks to cover the costs of these companies to support these 1D1F projects;

In 2020, 37 Business Resource Centers (BRCs) were established in each sub-district and each was staffed with resources, and a total of 146 sub-districts were served and supported. Construction of 30 Business Resource Centers (BRCs) has also been started to bring the total number of Business Resource Centers (BRCs) to 67.

to help 110 textile companies continue their work so the Government gave them contracts to sew textiles that would protect COVID-19 workers and prevent the spread of the COVID-19 virus;

14 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

• To produce 19.5 million face masks, 90,000 hospital gowns, 90,000 gowns, and 50,000 medical scrubs by 2020.

8

Clean operation and good Financial design

9

Jobs, Good change and Japadei

COVID-19 relief efforts to boost small and medium-sized enterprises. (Micro, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (MSMEs))

29. In 2021, Governors will attempt to buy 107 construction1D1F projects to launch a further 49

ELECTRICITY AND SPIRIT

30. To ensure the sustainability of energy resources such as electricity, gas etc., in the year 2020, the Governors:

• completed 98 percent of Amandi’s 200MW electricity project, with little left to complete.

• 388 of the 560 communities seeking electricity were provided with electricity from January 2020 to December, 2020, this increased the number of those affected from 85 to 85.2 per cent in 2020, with more than 10,000 communities affected under the Rural Electricity Project;

• Distributed 1,500 locusts through the RLPG system.

15 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

31. Over the course of 2021, Governors’ eye will follow and support the following upcoming projects:

• will complete the first phase of the Early Power Project (Phase 1B) which will generate a total capacity of 202MW; will continue PPA discovery;

• will commence the construction of the multi-purpose Pwalugu Dam;

• T3 Gas rails will be repaired/replaced;

• complete the Kumasi-Kintampo short-distance road with the Kumasi Bolgatanga bridge and connection project;

• The Volta-Achimota-Malam 161kV substation project will be upgraded; then

• The Pokoase 330kv A4BSP tax distribution center will be completed.

HEALTH

GHANA COVID-19 PRIVATE SECTOR FUND

Tuberculosis Clinic, Accra

1 There is no poverty

8 Clean business and Good Financial advice

32. Committed to ensuring that citizens enjoy a better and healthier lifestyle and that the spread of COVID-19 is contained, the Government is taking the following steps:

• commenced construction of 101 sub-district hospitals, 7 regional hospitals, and 2 headache clinics, Effia Nkwanta Hospital will be upgraded to fill the 111 Government Hospitals system

16 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

• the use of various drugs (488) to combat HIV/AIDS and TB, with regular monitoring for improvement in the health sector, and the purchase of 2,343 medicine refrigerators to distribute drugs throughout Ghana to support the health promotion programme;

• establish four “drone” stations in Ghana named GH1 Omenako, GH2 Mpanya, GH3 Vobsi, and GH4 Sefwi to ensure that these vehicles are used to deliver medicines to all hospitals where medicines are in short supply and that diseases can be detected quickly in all hospitals; know

Drones are delivering medicines to hospitals

• recruitment of 58,191 members to all health service units. Its divisions in the following box:

Box 1: Professionals in the Health sector

Number | Fully hired staff | Loan purchased in 2020 year

1. | Doctors (Medical Officers) | 822

2. | Specialist (Contract) | 8

3. | Physician Assistants | 637

4. | Nurses (Certificates, Diploma & Degree) | 43,057

5. | Assistants (Admin. Managers, Cooks Executive Officers etc.) | 2,000

6. | Pharmacists | 150

7. | Pharmacy Doctors | 150

8. | Other healthcare providers (Ophthalmologists) | 4,146

TOTAL | | 50,970

Number | Temporary employees | Loan purchased 2020

1 | House Officers | 1,030

2 | Rotation Nurses | 6,016

3 | House Officers (Pharmacy Doctors) | 175

TOTAL | | 7,221

17 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

33. Officials completed the following upcoming projects:

• Workers’ accommodation in these sub-districts, Twifo-Praso, Tepa, Nsawkaw, and Bekwai;

• Sub-districts in Sawla, Tolon, Somanya, Buipe, and Wheta and Polyclinic in Bamboi; and

• Nine CHPS Compounds are located in Wiaboman—Greater Accra Region, Antwirifo—Bono Region, Kofiasua— Bono Region, Mantewareso Bono— Ahafo Region, Amakyekrom—Bono Region, Mewerenfiwuo— Bono Region, Samproso—Ashanti Region, Kofordua Region (Nikeke). Offinso)—greater Ashanti Region, and Akaaso—greater Ananai region.

34. Government officials donated physical testing kits to 13 Government polling stations and nine private polling stations, to strengthen COVID-19 testing across Ghana. These sites are the Kumasi Center for Collaborative Research (KCCR); National Public Health Reference Laboratory (NPHRL); Veterinary Services Department (VSD) Laboratory; University of Allied Health Sciences (UAHS); Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR); And some personal stuff.

35. In 2021 Governors will:

• open up the health sector system based on investment in the health sector, establish a center for disease control (Ghana Center for disease Control (GCDC)), to ensure the implementation and adoption of legislation that will establish the Emergency Response Team.

• to attempt to implement Government health facilities, and Plan 111 in general;

• to continue the following operations:

○ Koforidua Regional Hospital;

○ Shama District Hospital;

○ La General Hospital;

○ Regional Hospital Theme;

○ Central Medical Store managers;

○ Nkoranza District Hospital; and

○ The emergency and emergency call center at Dormaa Hospital.

• To continue the COVID-19 vaccination program with vaccines discovered and purchased from various sources including COVAX. to reduce and arrest the spread of the disease.

18 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

STREET

Pokuase streets (Ga Urban Project)

9 Works, Good Change and Japadei

11 Perfect cities and societies

36. Officials stood on their toes to ensure that events, people and goods could move wherever they were needed, through regular or periodic road repairs during the year 2020 and here are some of the initiatives taken:

• on a regular basis, up to 25,048km of road length has been repaired on highways, up to11,061km of road length has been repaired on rural roads, and up to 5,535 road lengths have been repaired in urban areas;

• From time to time, roads will be cleared, potholes will be repaired and 62km, 120km, 1570km of roads will be repaired on highways, rural and urban roads as planned, and 648 km of asphalt roads will be completed in these areas.

Box 2: Summary of completed projects

SECTION | PLACE OF MANUFACTURE

Greater Accra | Ashongman, Lapaz (Petroleum), Airport Residential Area, Trinity Seminary, Ga Central, Kwashiman-Ofankor, Chapel Street/Link, Dzorwulu, Tema East, Dansoman, East Legon, Tantra Hill, Ga West Roads, Tema, Batsona, Shiashie, Burma Camp, Roman Ridge, Ofankor.

Eastern | Kyebi, Koforidua, Oda, Suhum, Nana Asafo Adjei – Mile 50, Akim Oda

19 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

SECTION | PLACE OF MANUFACTURE

Upper East | Regional Hospital Road, Bolga

Western | Chapel Hill, Kwesimintim Sawmill, Assakae, New Takoradi, GPHA Quarters

Ashanti | Tech Cave – Anloga Cave, Tafo, Suame, Moshie Zongo, Buokrom, Kwadaso, Bantama, Manhyia, Mampong, Obuasi, Subin

Central | Winneba (Anglican Church – Copa Pond), Winneba-Oda Road, Bawjiase Road, Swedru SHS Road

Bono | Sunyani, Berekum

Volta | Hohoe Town Roads, Kpeme Area District Roads

37. In 2021, Governors will:

• try to improve the roads to reduce the amount of money spent by the state on these projects, to introduce electronic taxation on the roads to collect money in the road network, and to improve the existing roads;

• ensure compliance with the load limitation legislation and contribute to reducing the cost of road maintenance; know

• initiate pipeline maintenance targets set out in box 3:

Box 3: Summary of activities

WORKS | SCOPE

Dufor Adidome – Asikuma Road Project (39.2km) and Asutuare – Aveyime (23.9km) Road with two “interchanges” at Dufor Adidome and Asikuma road | 63.1km with 2 “Interchanges”.

Bridges will be built over the Shwilao river in Volivo | 1No.

Rehabilitation of Tatale-Zabzugu-Yendi-Tamale Road | 165.8km

Zabzugu – Nakpali – Bimbila road maintenance | 73.6km

Dome – Kitase road maintenance | 19.5km

The Buipe, Yapei and Daboya Bridges will be reconstructed | 3No.

The first project of the Tema – Aflao route will be launched | 17km

The Tema- Akosombo way will be told | 64.7km

20 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

WORKS | SCOPE

Rehabilitation of Assin Praso – Assin Foso Road (N8) – Project 2 | 60km

Tema Motorway- Roundabout Project 2 to be launched | 1No.

Procurement and construction of 50 Steel Bridges | 50No.

Rehabilitation of Kumasi Inner City and its facades. | 100km

Accra and Tema some selected roads Asphalting | 100km

Tamale & Yendi (Northern Region), Nalerigu, Walewale & Gambaga (North East Region) and Damango (Savannah Region) some selected roads elevation and maintenance | 100km

TRAINING

4 Good education

5 GENDER EQUALITY

8 Clean operation and good Financial design

Film High Schools are living up to the promises of COVID-19

38. To provide quality education for all, in 2020 the Governors:

• continued to develop, continuing to implement programs launched 2017 for undergraduate students. KG to about 153,000 Basic 6 teachers across Ghana received their first required training, and 290 school superintendents (formerly called circuit supervisors) were trained to visit and inspect implementation of the KG –Basic 6 system;

• reviewed, selected and included 956 academic papers submitted by different authors according to the new criteria. Cabinet training

21 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

the second revolutionary program of Junior High and Cinema High curriculum;

• 20 libraries were built in our country of Ghana, bringing the number of libraries to 90, and 10 indigenous libraries and 33 Seni'u Hai libraries were renovated to help them read and learn;

• distributed 157000 teacher manuals and boxes on the new system to teachers across Ghana and 4086 head teachers, large and small District trainers were trained, and 152000 teachers were also retrained in the new knowledge;

• 840 pickup trucks and 350 buses were distributed and 2000 motorcycles were provided to school administrators to assist them in their transportation to work;

• the expansion of the public SHS system, which saw the number of students jump from 813,448 in the 2016/2017 academic year to 1,200,580 in the 2019/2020 academic year; then

• invested in the construction of school buildings to accommodate pupils according to their numbers through the use of a non-residential school system which has increased pupils:

○ 539 of the 1119 film school buildings started in 2017 were completed; then

○ through the Cinema Secondary Education Improvement Program (SEIP) 28 Community Cinema High School (E-Blocks) buildings were completed

39. In 2021, Governors will:

• trained 11,997 KG-P6 teachers in the Standard-Based Curriculum and 95,000 in the Common Core Program (CCP).

• the first examination ( National Standard Assessment Test (NSAT)) will be administered in grades 2 and 4;

• the existing buildings will be expanded to include learning support facilities, facilities that will facilitate vocational learning in the Primary SHS System; then

• Twenty educational institutions will continue to be built to support science education throughout Ghana, and will be open permanently, according to the Government's program on Science, Technology, Arts, and Mathematics.

NO

40. In 2021, the Governor will continue to support the industries it serves with needs such as construction, agriculture, services and employment

22 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

OTI: “Public financial mechanism for the integrity, completion and intensification of development projects”

cleanups, so we are asking all citizens to join our campaign to help us see the benefits of our efforts

41. God bless our country Ghana!

23 | 2021 Ghana National Budget schedule

Theme: “Economic Revitalization through Completion, Consolidation & Continuity”

DEFINITION OF SOME WORDS

1D1F (One District One Functional): Development in every district, which will transform Ghana into a development country. The purpose is for the people to have jobs in every corner of this Ghana

Accountability: This is the process by which Governments hold citizens accountable for their actions and provide results. Coins and other japades are among the assets maintained by the Governors for public accounting items.

Distribution: The means by which resources are distributed to the Government in a public manner.

Coping: Ways to reduce a problem.

BSTEM (Basic Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics): a name for a collection of knowledge. These terms are used when talking about education or training in a school system to support competition in science and technology events.

Budget: A plan that outlines how much money will be spent, where it will be found, and what the money will be used for. A family is able to write its budget and it is determined how much money the family has and how it will be spent, for example: rent, electricity food and so on. If money is needed to meet the requirements, the family may seek a loan, cut back on expenses, or find another source of income.

Behind-budget debt: This occurs when Governors borrow more than the money coming into the photograph.

Japadei expenditure: This refers to the expenditure on japadee projects such as roads, schools, hospitals, bridges, transport, water supply, factories and their infrastructure.

Employee benefits: It is the monthly salary of employees and other benefits that go to employees such as allowances, disability benefits, and other benefits.

Helpers: These are foreign countries, or companies, that help foreign countries to survive in the economy. These donors include the IMF, World

24 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens’ Budget

Theme: “Economic Revitalization through Completion, Consolidation & Continuity”

Banks, ADB, or countries that have signed agreements with Ghana for assistance. Some of these countries include Germany, USA, UK, knkn.

Stock Market At The End Of The Year: It’s stock market in December.

Overspending: This occurs when Governors spend more than a stone cut in the budget.

ESLA :. The Energy Sector Levies Act (Energy Sector Levies Act)

Moving people or things: Moving people or things from one place to another.

Not wearing a headscarf or FREE SHS: The Free SHS program was introduced by the Ghanaian Government led by Nana Akuffo-Addo for JHS graduates who are entitled to attend SHS even without wearing a headscarf, in September 2017 year.

Monetary custody authority law: These are laws that allow Governors to custody and determine spending and tax measures.

Donations: These are donations made to the Government by development agencies. Those funds are not refunded or paid back to the donors.

Government Payments : These are payments made to certain agencies by law. The funds include the District Assemblies’ Common Fund, (DACF), Road Fund, Ghana Education Trust Fund (GETFUND), Petroleum Related Fund and National Health Fund.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): It refers to the value of total revenue generated for public services over a period of time.

Foreign Exchange Reserve: This measures the amount of the country’s currency that can be based on imports over a period of time. It is used to measure the currency in the country.

Price of Money: It refers to the price of goods and how much money can buy at a given time.

IPEP (Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme): Japadei to eradicate poverty is one of the programs of the NPP Governors which aims to eradicate poverty to completely narrow the gap between the poor and the rich, especially in rural and underdeveloped areas by opening development facilities in these areas.

25 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens’ Budget

Theme: “Economic Revitalization through Completion, Consolidation & Continuity”

Debt collection: This is the debt paid by the Government for borrowing money from foreign countries, banks and other financial institutions for public services. These investors can be Ghanaians or foreigners.

Outlook for Business Development Macroeconomic targets: It is a measure for the financial stability of the country. Some examples are the growth and fluctuations of the projects, the capital market, fluctuations in recruitment, the development of trade with other countries, the successes or failures of the Governors’ financial system, and the Bank of Ghana’s objectives on lending and distribution in relation to projects.

MSME (Micro And Small Business Development Programme)): It is a small business that employs a few people and has an accounting book or that shows profits of less than a certain amount.

Writing down certain expectations: It is writing down the expectations that can be raised in a contract.

Prevention: Measures to prevent problems from arising and causing problems.

NABCo (NABCo): It is an initiative introduced by the Government to recruit unemployed university students to overcome social challenges in the Government and private sectors to acquire skills for future employment in the country and contribute to national development.

NBSSI (National Association for Small Scale Enterprises): National Association for Small Business: It is a body under the Ministry of Trade and Industry. Their role is to look after the development of micro enterprises (MSEs).

Public money All non-spiritual: It is the amount of money found in public works without Spiritual money. It is used to determine the price of money in the country.

Non-Tax Revenue: It is the income of the Government from non-taxable sources. These include licensing fees, manufacturing fees, benefits and more.

26 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens’ Budget

Theme: “Economic Revitalization through Completion, Consolidation & Continuity”

Other Objections: Other claims are from other Government Agencies (MDAs) to the Ministry of Public Finance and other debts owed to certain public funds.

Difference between money earned and spent for nothing : This is the difference between money earned by a country and spent for nothing after spending money. There are no loan fees. This is used to measure the total revenue the city will receive.

PFMRP (Public Finance Management Reform Project): The objective of the PFMRP project is to improve budget management, financial management and Government accountability. This project will also ensure that there is respect for financial management, that investment is made in the development of appropriate resources so that through competence and competence, work is done with care and competence.

Targeted development: The outlook for the Ghana Monetary policy in a year.

PFI: Finance: Personal financial foot loan.

Revenue: The total amount of money raised by a country for its activities if you include those raised both in this country and abroad.

RFJ (Farming as a Job): This is the initiative and effort of the Governments, to bring competition in the livestock sector and enable us to get more livestock and thereby help reduce imports and create employment and development in livestock farming.

Civil subsidy : It is the amount paid by the Government to reduce the cost of certain utilities such as electricity, water and petrol which is incurred by the citizens.

Subsidy: It is money paid by the Government to reduce the price of something for the benefit of the people.

Analysis: A way of getting into something or a story.

Transparency: It is the timely information provided by the Government to the public about its actions.

TLM (Teaching and Learning aids): It is a tool that helps the teacher to better understand what he/she is teaching. Some are material

27 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens’ Budget

Theme: “Economic Revitalization through Completion, Consolidation & Continuity”

spoken in person or by artists, experts on the subject and so on.

Production and services fee: It is the fee paid by the government officials for their functions and services

Value Added Tax (VAT): It is a tax based on the value of goods and services levied during the production of the goods

28 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens’ Budget

© 2021. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance