FREEDOM AND JUSTICE REPUBLIC OF GHANA

ASANTE TWI

2021 NATIONAL FINANCIAL PLAN

2021 Citizens' Economic Plan Objectives Explained in a Short and Easy to Understand Way

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

A way for Citizens to ask questions

Information on the 2021 National Economic Policy Statement and the Citizens' Finance is available on the website below: www.mofep.gov.gh

For a copy of this publication, please contact the public relations office of the Department of Finance. Their background is:

Public Relations Office New Building Ground Floor Room 001 or 003 PO Box MB 40 Accra – Ghana Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

Translated by:

Bureau of Ghanaian Languages

1 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Content

Types of Tables:................................................................................................................................................3

Types of accounting tables:

RESPONSIBILITY OF THE PRESIDENT ...............................................................................................5

CONTENTS ......................................................................................................................................1

MISCELLANEOUS PUBLIC FINANCIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................6

DEVELOPMENT OF THE INSTITUTIONS AND CURRENT STATUS . 14

CONCLUSION................................................................................................................................................................. 28

Definition of Terms (Economic Policy Terms) ……………………………………………29

2 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Types of Tables:

Table 1: Government Fitness Industry Professionals

Table 2: Completed activities

Table 3: Ongoing activities

Numerical tables:

Table 1:Revenue Share from February to February 2020 ( Ghanaian in Billion)

Table 2: Expenditure Share from February to February 2020 (Ghanaian Currency in Billions)

Table 3: Share of Expected Revenue in 2021 (Ghanaian Currency in Billions)

Table 4: Expenditure Forecast and Distribution in 2021 ( Ghanaian Currency in Billions)

3 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

“Now it is time for each of us, regardless of political affiliation, to join hands and join forces to work hard to reach the heights this country deserves”.

President

Nana Addo Dankwa - The Best Of Nana Addo Dankwa

(January 2021- National Status Report)

4 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE PRESIDENT

In February 2020, Ghanaians voted for President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo again to continue the good work he is doing and add more good things to what he is doing. We do not underestimate the confidence that Ghanaians have in this government.

The 2021 Budget is a unique Budget because it will balance our economy and help protect the public, stimulate businesses in crisis and then help us harness our energy to get Ghana back on track after the COVID-19 pandemic. This Economic Policy is based on our vision that we want to transform this country and make it a financially independent country.

For the first four years, we have planned through various strategies to get this country back on its feet economically. These programs include job creation, revenue generation, job improvement measures, private sector assistance and social assistance to the poor. By the end of 2019, Ghana was on the right track in terms of economic growth as evidenced by all the factors that drive business and economy, and we were internationally recognized as a country on the path of growth, and that is when this COVID-19 pandemic hit us. All the countries of the world including Ghana have suffered the negative effects of this disease contour.

This pandemic of Covid-19 has brought a variety of problems to us and has fought against our businesses and deceptive lives. The government has recognized the negative impact of this epidemic on the society, therefore, the government has taken various measures to support the industry in order to rebuild our old system. There is hope because we have found other ways to use it that will bring more opportunities. The government has taken steps to ensure that the people are healthy, therefore, it has made arrangements for every Ghanaian to have a panic attack against this disease so that we can all have health to work to push Ghana towards the equality we all seek.

Together with you, we have worked through all the challenges in our ongoing development process, and have taken bold steps to get this country’s economy back on track. Now, about 1.2 million Ghanaians have access to life-changing Secondary Education, we have restored the entire banking system and most people have access to their money that had gone into the collapsed banking system. In addition, we have established a shipbuilding company in our country and have seen ships built by this company in the past at various shipyards and on our roads.

In fact, we acknowledge that we have encountered challenges as we continue to strive toward our development goals. The government is very keen to take various measures to address these problems in order to bring relief to the industry. For example, in October 2020, we provided GH¢750 million to support small, medium and large enterprises and others under the “CAP-BuSS” Programme.

Now it is more important than ever that we join hands and together continue to take bold steps to achieve the progress we want for ourselves. At the very least, we have pledged in the National Pledge to devote all our energies and hearts to the cause of Ghana.

God bless us all.

Long live Ghana!

Ken Ofori-Atta Minister of Finance

5 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

INTRODUCTION

1. This 2021 Citizens Financial Plan is a summary of both the Government's performance and the Government's target of 2021 for its policies and programmes. The theme of this Budget is “We will complete the project to stabilize the bottom and continue the rest thereby stimulating the national economy”. This Budget covers this topic because in the past, the annual budget had many other projects that the Government wanted to address, while there were many ongoing projects that were not fully addressed. In that case, not only will our finances suffer, but we will have a lot of debt that sometimes we can’t even pay the contractors who have completed their work immediately. This makes the cost of services too high because we pay interest on any services that we have deferred.

2. In 2021, the Government has decided to launch a new campaign. The aim of this new approach is to end a situation where we have started a culture of starting every project and have left it to stagnate, and therefore, the Government is committed to completing all the unfinished projects.

HOW THE NATIONAL ECONOMY PERFORMED IN

As was the National economic development framework

3. The following is the state of the economy in 2020:

• For the first nine months, the State’s gross domestic product grew by about 0.2 percent. Instead, by the end of the year it should reach 0.9 percent;

• Gross margin excluding Coal also increased in the first nine months to 0.4 percent, and should reach 1.6 percent by the end of the year;

1 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

• Inflation at the end of February was 10.4 percent against 11.0 percent;

• The surplus required to cover our total budget is 11.7 percent of GDP, up from 11.4 percent of GDP;

• The outstanding operating debt was five and a half percent (5.3 percent of GDP) instead of four and a half percent (4.6 percent of GDP); then

• The Foreign Currency Quantity of the Country also reached US$8.6 billion with an order capacity of about four months and one day.

STATE REVENUE AND PERFORMANCE IN

Income into the State Fund

4. In 2020, the Government put various plans on the table to raise funds, including a national allocation. The Government had set a target of GH¢53.7 billion to be used for various activities and development projects. At the end of February 2020, we had received Ghanaian currency of GH¢55.1 billion, which was GH¢1.5 billion higher than our target. This was possible thanks to our hard work in the Foreign Trade Tax Collection sector where we were able to collect more money through the Integrated Customs Management System (ICUMS) initiative. Table 1 presents our financial position in 2020 by various sources of revenue.

2 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Table 1: Share of National Treasury Revenue from January – February 2020 (Ghanaian shillings in Billions)

60.0 53.7 55.1 50.0 40.7 42.6 40.0 30.0 20.0 10.0 4.5 5.0 3.8 3.6 3.4 2.8 1.2 1.2 0.0

The amount of money received by the Government is cash gifts

It taxes money that doesn’t come from coal money

It taxes money that doesn’t come from coal money

Coal and Wind Money

Other funds ( ESLA and SSNIT transfers to NHIL

Money gifts

Financial changes Receipts

The Role of Money

5. Bosome Ɔpɛnimma baa awieeɛ wɔ afe 2020 mu no, na Aban de Ghana sika sidi ɔpepepem ɔha baako ne ɔpepem baako (GH¢100.1 billion) adi dwuma a ɛka a na ɛwɔ hɔ dada ansa na Aban no reba no nso ka ho, wɔ ɛberɛ a, na yɛde asi yɛn ani so sɛ yɛde Ghana sika sidi ɔpepepem aduɔkron nson ne ɔpepem nson (GH¢97.7 billion). Loan interest and Other debts we paid did not exceed us. All of the amounts we paid for other services exceeded our expectations, as shown in Table The reasons for the increase in fees we paid for some of the services were as follows:

• The number of physiotherapists we employed, the amount we paid to physiotherapists who were standing “at war” with illness

3 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

em” Then: in the treatment of concussions, then the total number of soldiers who went on leave in the case of Workers’ Compensation; It is also worth noting that the Government borrowed GH¢44.9 billion in addition to the Government’s receipts and disbursements of GH¢55.1 billion to implement the projects in Table 2: Share of Financial Performance from February to February 2020 (Ghanaian Currency in Billions) Then the chart: In Excel charts embedded in Office/PDF, the text order in the PDF stream is typically: Y-Axis labels: Non-financial Debt Other financial performance Expenses for public works Funds for government services Interest-payments Trade and equipment fees Employee salaries Amount of money spent (and expenses... Then data labels: 2.21 0 1.44 1.44 12.18 12.08 14.09 9.33 11.88 7.74 28.27 27.06 100.53 97.74 X-Axis labels: 0 20 40 60 80 100 120 Legend: Prov Outturn Revised Budget Wait! then

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

after one plot (76.1 percent of GDP). Yei yɛ sika dodoɔ a Aban kɔpɛ tuaa ɛka a na ɛwɔ sikakorabea ahodoɔ mu no ne Ankorankorɛ Ogya-Ahoɔden (Independent Power Purchase- IPPs) ho ɛka nyinaa nso. Yɛyi ɛka a na ɛwɔ sikakorabea ahodoɔ mu no firi hɔ a, na anka ɛka a yɛde wɔ 2020 mu wɔ Ɔman yi mu adwadeɛ nyinaa ho no yɛ ɔha mu nkyɛmu aduɔson baako ne akyire pɔ enum (71.5 percent of GDP). The breakdown of public debt is as follows:

• Foreign debt: Our foreign debt is GH¢141.7 billion in US dollars, or 48.6 percent of our total debt; then

• Domestic debt: Our domestic debt is GH¢149.8 billion in US currency, or US$26.1 billion, or 51.4 percent of our total debt.

2021 FINANCIAL PLAN AND NATIONAL FINANCE

Estimated 2021 stability of State finances

8. Government fiscal policies and policies (tax and spending decisions) have a very positive impact on the future of our economy. This 2021 Budget is based on the following sustainability factors or principles:

• Real GDP growth of 5.0%;

• Domestic exports excluding Coal grew by six per cent and seven per cent (Non-Oil Real GDP growth of 6.7%);

• February inflation increased by 8.0 percent;

• Overspend- nine per cent and beyond five per cent (9.5 % of GDP);

• The amount of money we will need to cover what we have borrowed- one percent and three percent (1.3 % of GDP); then

• Foreign Currency Quantity to be received for orders is approximately four months.

5 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

ika not from coal

7.1

Taxes Non-coal income

53.6

It Taxes Money

55.8

The amount of money government receives is cash gifts

72.5 Wait! Let's also consider: what if it's:

Money gifts

Other funds (ESLA and SSNIT transfers to NHIL

Fango New

Taxes Non-coal income

Taxes Non-coal income

It Taxes Money

The amount of money government receives is cash gifts

1.5

4.9

5.4

7.1

53.6

55.8

72.5 Wait! Look at the rule again: "- Follow the natural reading order (respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next). Look at the parenthetical: "(respect columns, sidebars, and boxes: finish one before the next)" Wait! Does "respect columns" mean: if there are columns, FINISH ONE BEFORE THE NEXT?! READ THAT CAREFULLY! "respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next" WHY did the author write "respect columns... finish one before the next"? Because if there are columns, you MUST NOT read across them row-by-row (interleaved)! You MUST FINISH COLUMN 1 BEFORE COLUMN 2! WAIT! Are the axis on the left and the numbers on the right considered two columns? Wait! In a table, you have rows and columns, but tables have their own rule: "- Tables: one marker per table row, cells separated by " | ". So tables are read row-by-row with ` | `! Why do tables have a special rule? Because tables have columns, but shouldn't be read column-by-column! Now look at charts: Does a chart have a rule saying "one marker per chart row"? THE! And the rule says: "- Follow the natural reading order (respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next). Wait, but is a bar chart considered to have columns? Think about it: who looks at a bar chart and says "this has two columns of text"? Wait! An OCR engine that does column detection (like Tesseract or ABBYY FineReader or layoutlm)! When you feed a document image into ABBYY FineReader or Tesseract or Google Document AI

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Sanitation and Pollution Levy-SPL of 10 pesewas per Petrol/Diesel under the Energy Sector Levies Act (ESLA), and through this levy we will compare sanitation issues to transparency, improve livelihoods and reduce population a they get sick or die as a result of the pollution;

an Energy Sector Recovery-Delta Fund of 20 cents per litre/decel, under the ESLA program to help pay for energy costs arising from Energy Contracts that occurred while the plants covered by those Contracts were not in operation;

Banking Services Rehabilitation Tax- five per cent on the profits of banks before tax (5 % on profit-before-tax) and this amount will be used to pay the remaining public funds in the bankruptcy. We will change this in 2024;

The Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Culture will jointly oversee the procurement process and coordinate with key agencies in this process to develop fundraising opportunities for this procurement process; then now

We will adjust the collection of Truck Tax to bring it in line with current inflation in accordance with the Fees and Charges -Miscellaneous Provisions- Act, 2018 (Act 983) which provides for the fixing of Truck Tax of the inflation rate to be published by the Ghana Statistical Service.

How we will allocate money in 2021

11. The Government has set a target of GH₵113.8 billion for 2021 as outlined in Table 4 below. The remaining funds to be raised by the Government to test the collector will come from foreign and domestic borrowings.

7 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Table 4: Expenditure Forecast and Distribution in 2021 (Ghanaian Currency in Billions)

The debt we will pay

3.7

Other funding activities

8.4

Funding for government projects

18.1

Interest-payment

35.9

The cost of the mpontunn

11.4

Merchandise and gift fees

6.0

Employee compensation

30.3

113.8

The amount of money we will spend

THE IMPACT OF THE COVID-19 PATIENT, THE DISEASE CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THE GhanaCARES (GOOD FATHER) PROGRAMME

12. This section presents the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic globally and on Ghana in particular. Then, it further outlines the various policies adopted by the Government to control and mitigate these effects.

The Effects of COVID-19 Disease Contact

13. The COVID-19 pandemic that hit the world just before the end of 2019 had an impact on every firm, every industry and even the global economy. Economic services were disrupted, people were laid off, the public lost money and services that would have brought money to the public collapsed. In addition, more than 2.6 million people worldwide have lost their lives.

8 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

14. In Ghana, there were eleven new cases per week, which increased to seven hundred and eighty-one in March in the last week of 2020, and decreased to one hundred and four in February in the last week of In 2021, the disease resurfaced with a weekly incidence of ninety-nine cases in February, and this rose to eight hundred and eighty cases on January 5,

15. In an effort to combat the virus, the Government imposed a curfew, which negatively affected most of the State's key institutional services, especially hospitality, agriculture, fitness, transport, commerce, construction, banking and education.

16. Travel workers, sailors and “tro-tro” ameeti and private sector workers who are not registered with the Government and do not have any livelihood were severely affected by this curfew imposed by the Government on the public. Although the ban would help reduce the spread of the virus, it greatly reduced the cost of goods and services to the public.

17. Compared to the West African countries, the Government of Ghana boldly took positive steps to curb the spread of the virus and thus the Government was praised by the international community for these measures and this encouraged the Government to take further steps.

18. Another step taken by the Government in addition to this was that the Government through the assistance of the World Bank

Some of the disinfection programs

9 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

invested US$100 million to establish the National COVID-19 Emergency Preparedness and Response Plan- EPRP with the overall goal of building the Nation’s knowledge and capacity to monitor, diagnose and treat the disease as it is the three steps are - Blood tests, Diagnosis and treatment.

19. The Government restored various amenities to the public as follows:

• The government supported private enterprises to avoid discrimination against their employees and relatives while fighting the disease;

• The government paid electricity bills for the public from August to February 2020, and provided food to the poor during the curfew;

• The Government provided food to one million, eight hundred and twenty-seven, six hundred and eighty-one (1,827,581) people in Nkran and nine hundred and seventeen, one hundred and forty-two (917,142) people in Kumase;

• Some Government and Service Units jointly distributed food to 470,000 different households during the curfew;

• The Government, through the Ghana Water Company Limited, distributed water to 10,125,620 Ghanaians during the same period;

10 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

The Government through the ‘Operation Return Home’ program helped bring home Ghanaians who were in difficulty in traveling due to travel and movement restrictions during the COVID-19 pandemic;

The Government took steps to launch the Coronavirus Alleviation Program Business Support Scheme (CAP-BuSS) with GH¢750 million aimed at supporting Micro, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises Enterprises-MSMEs) to cope with the impact of the pandemic and in this regard, 277,511 businesses received assistance with an inflow of GH¢412.88 million; then now

The Government approved the COVID-19 National Trust Fund for GH¢ 57.13 million as of 31 February 2020, of which GH¢45.22 million has been spent on containment (PPEs) and medical supplies for the COVID-19 hospitals, food for the elderly, poor and needy and vessels for the COVID-19 Treatment Centers and other initiatives.

20. COVID-19 assistance in 2021: The Government will launch the following programs this year to assist some communities, especially those most affected by the pandemic:

Tax reduction: The Government will reduce profit tax by 30% for companies in the hospitality and food, education, arts and entertainment, travel and tourism sectors in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2021;

11 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Sales tax: The government will waive sales tax paid by small businesses in the second, third and fourth quarters of this year to ease their necks;

Ship Profit Tax: The government will waive the quarterly tax paid by tro-tro and taxi owners in the second, third and fourth quarters of this year in order to slightly reduce shipping; then

Extension of interest-payment waiver period to encourage traders to pay tax arrears: The Government has waived penalty payments and interest on corporate and individual taxes due in February This is a scheme to help companies and individuals to pay their bills only this year in the month of April. This scheme is available to those who have properly filed their documents at the Ghana Revenue Authority (GRA) office and paid their taxes in the first three months of this year.

Ghana COVID-19 REMOVAL AND INDIVIDUAL PROMOTION SUPPORT (GOOD FATHERS) PROGRAMME

21. The Government of Ghana launched a program entitled Ghana COVID-19 Alleviation and Revitalization of Enterprises Support- Ghana CARES on 20th August This project aims to mitigate the effects of disease neck and help businesses to implement sound policies to get back on their feet at the earliest and thus also improve the economy of this State. In fact, this is a bold way to transform the Ghanaian economy for stability, for job creation, prosperity and for this independent Nation to meet the genuine needs of all Ghanaians.

22. The Ghana COVID-19 Reduction and Private Sector Rehabilitation Assistance (Ghana CARES) program is based on the motivation of companies to act to accelerate marketing as

12 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

The country will rebuild and we will get what we have lost, thereby creating more jobs for the public to do. The Government is also confident and committed that through the Ghana COVID-19 Recovery and Private Sector Rehabilitation Assistance (Ghana CARES) programme, there will be economic stimulus and growth from trade and this will also lead to the proliferation of other viable and well-paying jobs, especially in the private sector.

23. The priority activities to be implemented in this Ghana COVID-19 Eradication and Private Sector Rehabilitation Assistance (Ghana CARES) program are as follows:

• contribute to the expansion and attractiveness of agriculture and thereby attract educated youth to enter agriculture;

• open up agricultural and small scale industries in Ghana;

• contribute to the improvement of infrastructure and public relations services in this State;

• ensure that social media platforms are quickly rooted and implemented in our lives;

• improve the Ghana Housing and Construction Industry;

• make Ghana the most developed country in the African West;

• modify or provide incentives to the Successful Governance Action steps; then now

• open a Development Bank of Ghana whose purpose is to ensure investment in all development projects under the Ghana COVID-19 Eradication and Private Sector Rehabilitation Assistance (Ghana CARES) programme.

13 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

PROGRESS IN THE INSTITUTIONS AND PRESENT STATUS

24. This section discusses the efforts of some institutions in 2020, and outlines the activities and plans that are in place for them in The Medium-Term National Development Agenda 2018-2021 and the Ghana Beyond Aid Agenda are the basis for the activities and policies of the institutions. Another objective of their work and program is to complete the Government’s CARES program entitled ‘Ghana COVID-19 Eradication and Private Sector Rehabilitation Assistance’, and then further contribute to the National and international partnership targets for the United Nations Vision (UN Agenda 2030) (SDGs) and African Union Vision 2063 (African Union Agenda 2063).

INSTITUTE OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE

Merchant women selling crops

25. The Ministry of Food and Agriculture continued to implement the National Agricultural Investment Plan-Investing for Food and Jobs (IFJ, 2018-2021) to reduce poverty, restoring the Economic Development Plan for sustainable development

14 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

2020, the Government undertook the following activities:

One million, seven hundred and thirty-six, five hundred and ten (1,736,510) farmers received reduced fertilizer prices and increased crop yields (such as rice), thereby creating more jobs for more people;

The government purchased 7,500 fast-growing sheep for 750 farmers in the Northwest, Northern, and Northern Provinces, and distributed 30,000 chickens to 3,000 farmers in the Northwest, Eastern, Asante, North and Nkran in the provinces.

The government provided farmers with 531,100 fast-growing swordfish, pigs and chickens, resumed construction of eleven (11) types of livestock barns, dug seven (7) types of fences in livestock farms;

He continued the progress of each of the field-irrigation program projects,: The first phase (Phase I) of the Tamne Project had reached 90 percent completion and the second phase (Phase 2) had reached 50 percent completion; and Mprumem Phase II— reaching 95%, he repaired the following, using the traditional planning method, and expanded it to a level: These are:Tono project— 95%, Kpong field-irrigation system — one hundred in the 19th century

field-irrigation services

15 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

sixty-one percent (61%) and Kpong estuary left bend projects — seventy-two percent (72%);

• Completed ten (10) small dams in the Northeast, Northwest, North and Savannah Counties to improve water availability for domestic use and agriculture throughout the year;

• Completed twenty-one (21) Grain Warehouses based on the “One District One Warehouse” policy;

• Ensured that the cocoa-selling price remained stable at GH¢7,600 in 2017/2018, and in 2018/2019 reduced the selling price by 8.4% to GH¢7,6 (GH¢8,240). The aim of this policy was to keep cocoa farmers on their feet even in the face of falling foreign exchange rates ; yet

• Opened a total of 110,000 jobs through various cocoa management programs to curb the migration of people from small towns to urban areas, for the prosperity of the entire society.

26. In 2021, the Government will:

• continue to supply fruits and fertilizers to some farmers thereby helping to increase the yield of rice, potatoes, soybeans, maize, cowpea, and cassava, to enable Ghana to stand on its own feet in agriculture, to export some of the crops;

• distribute 531,100 livestock such as pigs and chickens purchased by 2020 to farmers; he will open three(3) coconut shells; he will buy ‘5000 broiler chickens and 20,000 kuroiler chickens at 50% discount to farmers;

16 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

purchase and distribute US$30 million worth of agricultural plants and equipment to farmers to improve traditional farming practices; he will purchase 97,000 liters or 14,000 kg of ‘army worm’ pesticides, purchase two laboratories, and then three parasitoids/ parasitoids three million; and then

He will train 64 youths in greenhouse technology in Akumadan and Bawjiase.

ASSOCIATION OF TRADE AND INDUSTRY

27. By 2020, Government transformed the industrial sector through various industrial reform programmes, aimed at enabling the State to become a commercial hub in the African West and even African countries. In 2020 the Government undertook the following:

Based on the One District One Farm program (“1D1F), he continued the 232 projects, each of which had reached a certain stage. Currently, seventy-six (76) of these projects have been completed and 107 are in progress;

Funded businesses that had the right to become One District One Farm Enterprises (1D1F), lent some of them, provided some with tax exemption subsidies, and for others, provided infrastructure such as truck roads, water and lighting to their farms. ;

Approved for ‘One District One Firm’ (1D1F) Thirty-seven (37) companies did not pay taxes on orders amounting to GH¢603 million;

Based on four different One District One Firm Enterprises (1D1F) and partner banking Institutions through which 2.3 billion loans (GH¢ 2.3billion) were distributed to them. The Government represented the One District One Fisheries Unit (1D1F).

17 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

in 2013 with GH¢213 million to the banking sector to train them if any of the loans were to be repaid.

● Established thirty-seven (37) Business Resource Centers (BRCs) in various Districts by 2020, providing them with all the necessary staff, facilities and other resources to start operations. Business Resource Centers The operations of the thirty-seven (37) BRCs extended to one hundred and forty-six (146) Districts. We have started the construction of thirty (30) additional Business Resource Centres, bringing the total to sixty-seven (67) by completion;

● Supported 110 textile companies in the country by enabling those Companies to increase their textile production, by contracting for the sewing of their nose masks to help prevent COVID 19 ; yet

● She sewed 19.5 million nose masks, 90,000 hospital gowns, 90,000 headgear, and 50,000 medical supplies per year with fabrics purchased from three (3) different textile companies in the country 2020 in the.

The COVID-19 assistance to Small, Medium and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) thereby provided impetus to their activities

8 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH

9 INDUSTRY, INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE

18 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

28. By 2021, the Government will continue the construction of one hundred and seven (107) 1D1F projects that have begun and commence the construction of forty-nine (49) brand new ones.

DEPARTMENT OF FIRE - ENERGY

29. In order to ensure public access to Fire - Energy dependence, the Government in 2020 undertook the following:

• Ninety-eight percent (98%) of the 200MW Amandi Power Project has been completed, and the project is now complete with a small phase left to be announced soon;

• Added 388 out of 560 communities to the national fire-power register, increasing electricity access from 85.0 percent in February to 85.2 percent in the year By the end of February 2020, more than 10,000 communities have been electrified through community fire-power schemes.

• Distributed a total of 1,500 liquefied ‘shops’ on the basis of the LPG scheme activity.

30. In 2021, the Government will continue to focus on the following:

• complete the first phase of 1B of the Early Power Project, increasing the capacity to 202MW;

• continue the process of PPA Renegotiations;

• ensure the implementation of the Pwalugu multipurpose dam;

• repair or replace the T3 Gas Turbines;

• complete the first phase (Lot1) of the (Kumasi-Kintampo) power transmission line in the Kumasi-Bolgatanga power transmission line.

19 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

he will pave the Volta-Achimota-Mallam 161kV transmission line (Volta-Achimota-Mallam 161kV Transmission); and then

he will complete the (330kV A4BSP Pokuase Bulk Supply Point) project).

INSTITUTE OF HEALTH

GHANA COVID-19 PRIVATE SECTOR FUND

REPUBLIC OF GHANA

1 NO POVERTY

8 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH

Ghana Medical College, Nkran

31. In view of the Government's vision of ensuring that health is improved for all citizens, to free themselves from the challenges of COVID-19, the Government has undertaken the following by 2020:

zipline

established the Government's health development action plan under the Agenda 111 Programme; initiated steps to build 101 District hospitals, seven District hospitals, and two mental hospitals, and rehabilitated the Effia-Nkwanta hospital.

20 | G

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Deployed an Antiretroviral Therapy(ART) eTracker to 488 locations to support HIV/AIDS treatment there, TB eTracker to the same locations, and purchased thousands of refrigerators two hundred and forty-three (2,343) red distributions across this country to help keep the bridges in use;

he ordered four drones: GH1 Omenako, GH2 Mpanya, GH3 Vobsi, and GH4 Sefwi; to help strengthen the international approach to health issues by eliminating the problem of intermittent drug expiration, and cold chain breakages, and to speed up treatment steps, and so on

he took a population of fifty-eight million, nine hundred and one 58,191 in the health industry.

Table 1: Government health industry workers

No | Employees we have hired until retirement | The number we hired in

1. | Doctors | 822

2. | Medical professionals (contracted) | 8

3. | Physician Assistant | 637

4. | Anesthesiologists (with Certificates, Diplomas & Degrees) | 43,057

5. | Gymnastics Assistants (Manigya, cooks, other professionals etc. .) | 2,000

6. | Pharmacists | 150

7. | Medical doctors | 150

8. | Some other health professionals (Ophthalmologists, chiropractors, hematologists) | 4,146

The total number of | 50,970

No | Employees we hired for a short time between | The number we hired in

1 | Other Doctors | 1,030

2 | Analysts who eat their change | 6,016

3 | Drug physician) | 175

21 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

for" -> wait! Is it "for"? Yes, "for". - "established" - "rules" - "a" - "will" - "what" - "called" - "the" - "Emergency" - "Medical" - "about" - "Steps" - "(Emergency Response System)" - "the" - "revealed" - "in;" Bullet 2 under 34: - "He will" - "on" - "control" - "Government" - "progress" - "plan" - "the" - "of" - "work," - "a" - "what" - "called" - "he" - "Agenda 111" - "he" - "include" - "of" - "some;" - "on" - "this" - "on:" Sub-bullets under Bullet 3: 1. "Koforidua District Hospital" (no punctuation at end) 2. "Shama District Hospital;" (semicolon at end) 4. "Tema District Hospital;" end) 5. "Renovation of this country's hospital;" (semicolon at end) 6. "Nkoranza District Hospital; and" (semicolon after Hospital, then "and") Now let's check the footer:

22 | Ghanaian Government - 2021 Citizens Budget Wait, let's look at the footer: Is it: "22 | Ghanaian Government - 2021 Citizens Budget"? Let's zoom into the footer: "22 | Ghanaian Government - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan" Wait! "22 | " (bold 22, then vertical bar | ) "Government of Ghana" (bold) " - 2021 " (hyphen/dash) "Citizens' Economic Plan" (italicized) Is there anything printed inside the flag graphic at the bottom right? The flag graphic has a black star on it

Theme: "Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy"

○ Dormaa Accident and Emergency Hospital.

He will continue to use imported and imported medicines such as those from COVAX to reduce the spread of COVID-1

DEPARTMENT OF ROADS AND HIGHWAYS

PHOTO:SOC #

Pokuase truck road crossing (Nkran metropolitan transportation service)

9 INDUSTRY, INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE

11 SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND COMMUNITIES

35. The Government took the following steps, based on periodic maintenance and minor truck road maintenance to fulfill its commitment to the freedom of people to move goods wherever they wish peacefully:

He repaired 25,048 kilometers of intercity roads, 11,061 kilometers of roads, and 5,535 kilometers of roads

He periodically paved or repaired 62 kilometers of roads connecting two towns, roads leading to the source of crops

23 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

120 miles, and 1,570 miles of urban roads,

• Completed the 648 km cottage work, the details of which are listed in Table 2 below.

Table 2: Conclusions

MANTAM | PLACE

Nkran | Ashongman, Lapaz (Petroleum), Airport Residential Area, Trinity Seminary, Ga Central, Kwashiman-Ofankor, Chapel Street/Link, Dzorwulu, Tema East, Dansoman, East Legon, Tantra Hill, Ga West Roads, Tema, Baatsona, Shiashie, Burma Camp, Roman Ridge, Ofankor.

Eastern | Kyebi, Koforidua, Lake, Suhum, Nana Asafo Adjei – 50 Mile, Akim Lake

Northeast | District Hospital road, Bolga

West | GPHA Quarters, Chapel Hill, New Takoradi

Ashanti | Tech fields – Anloga fields, Tafo, Suame, Moshie Zongo, Buokrom, Kwadaso, Bantama, Manhyia, Mampon, patience, Subin

Inside | Simpa (Anglican church – Copa road. road), Simpa-Oda road, Bawjiase road, Swedru SHS road

Bono | Sunyani, Berekum

Firaw | Hohoe town roads, Kpeme road

36. The 2021 Government will do the following:

• Continue to improve the roads of this country by protecting the amount of money we have invested in the roads from being wasted, and by using the public sources method of collecting truck taxes, thereby raising money in the Road Fund, to continue to maintain truck roads;

• Determine the specific weight of vehicles that can be used on certain truck routes to avoid damage and reduce the cost of maintenance of truck routes; and

• Start the pope's water-pipe operation listed in Table

24 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Table 3: The activities

THE APPLICATIONS | THE SIZE OF THE PROGRAM

Dufor Adidome – Asikuma trail (39.2km) River – Aveyime (23.9 miles)road, Dufor Adidome and Asikuma trail | 63.1km with outdoor access

Construction of a dam/tunnel on the Volivo river in the district of Firaw | 1No.

Tatale-Zabzugu-Yendi-Tamale road maintenance | 165.8km

Zabzugu – Nakpali – Bimbila road maintenance | 73.6km

Dome – Kitase road maintenance | 19.5km

Will rebuild the Buipe, Yapei and Daboya dams/tunnel | 3No.

Approximately Tema – the first section of Aflao road | 17km

Become Tema Akosombo way | 64.7km

Assin Praso – Assin Foso maintenance -road (N8) – Phase 2 | 60km

Approximately the second phase (Phase 2) of the first Tema Motorway | 1No.

Will provide access to necessary materials, thereby installing fifty metal handles/tunes | 50No.

Will rehabilitate Kumasi city roads and bomb roads | 100km

Pavement of asefalte-kootaa on Nkran and Tema town roads | 100km

Will rehabilitate several roads inTamale and Yendi (Northern Region), Nalerigu, Walewale & Gambaga (North East Region) and Damango (Savannah Region). | 100km

25 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

INSTITUTION FOR EDUCATION

4 QUALITY EDUCATION

5 GENDER EQUALITY

8 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH

High school students following the COVID-19 policy

37. In order to ensure universal access to quality education, in 2020 the Government undertook the following:

• Continued to ensure the implementation of the secondary and advanced education curriculum that began in trained 153,000 teachers of Kindergarten (KG) to grade 6 students in the country and retrained 290 school assistants to ensure the implementation of the kindagaten to grade 6 curriculum;

• Oversaw the adoption of 956 curriculum documents based on a completely new curriculum policy. The second phase of the secondary and tertiary education programme, which is a compulsory subject, was also approved by the cabinet;

• Constructed twenty (20) libraries in all parts of the country thereby bringing the total number of libraries in the country to ninety (90), renovated ten (10) Government libraries, and thirty-three (33) secondary school libraries to promote reading and learning;

• The Government distributed the new mechanism awards to 157,000 teachers across the country, returning to thousands of training trainers, district and county trainers

26 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: "Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy"

four and eighty-six (4,086) across the country, and a total of one hundred and fifty-two thousand (152,000) teachers were retrained on the new curriculum. ;

The government purchased 840 pickup trucks and 350 buses and distributed them to education workers. Then, the government also purchased and distributed 2,000 motorcycles to circuit supervisors to help improve their performance;

The Government ensured that the famekwa Secondary Education program continued, thereby increasing the enrollment from 813,448 in the 2016/2017 academic year to 1,200,580 in the 2016/2017 academic year 2019/2020 season; then now

The government invested in the various academic upgrades that will be needed at Famekwa Secondary School to accommodate the full enrollment:

Government completed the processing of five hundred and thirty-nine (539) of the total number of one thousand, one hundred and nineteen (1,119) secondary school buildings that had commenced in 2017; then now

The Government completed the implementation of 28 Day School E-Blocks under the Secondary Education Improvement Program (SEIP).

38. In 2021, the Government will:

He will train 11,997 KG- standard 6 teachers on the new Standard-Based Curriculum and then 95,000 teachers on the Common Core Programme-CCP.

Ensure the passage of the first National Standard Assessment Test (NSAT) for Primary 2 and Primary 4 students;

27 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

He will continue to oversee the construction of nine TVET Centers and the implementation of the Free SHS programme; and then

He will continue to establish 20 STEAM Centers across the country to support the government's vision of Science, Technology, Engineering, The Arts and Mathematics courses have been completed.

END

39. In 2021, the Government will continue to support various industries, ensuring the development of development projects, agriculture, horticulture, and the private sector. Therefore, we are asking all citizens to participate in the nation building process as we continue to work hard for the country to move forward, so that we can reap the benefits of our hard work.

40. The Lord bless the Kingdom of Ghana

28 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Definition of Terms (Financial System Terminology)

One District One Farm (1D1F): This is the opening of various farms in the districts to improve farming in Ghana. The aim is to increase employment in the country and create jobs for Ghanaians in all parts of the country.

Accountability: This represents the accountability of the Government to the citizens for its performance and the reporting of the steps taken. This includes all types of finances and assets managed by the Government for the public.

Allocation: This is the process of allocating public funds to the various Government agencies and departments for public use.

Alleviation: This is a process of mitigating the effects of a problem.

Physics, Social Science, Technology and Mathematics- BSTEM (Basic Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics): These are some of the terms we use to represent these subjects. We use these terms when developing an educational program and developing curriculum that helps to improve education in this area.

Budget: A budget represents a plan made by the Government on how to raise money and what to do with that money. For example, a family can create a budget by determining the amount of money they have and the order in which the money needs to be spent. It could be rent, water and electricity bills and food bills) If they need more money, the family will need to find some more money or even go out on loan.

29 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Budget deficit: This occurs when the Government's expenditure exceeds the actual receipts.

Capital Expenditure: This is the expenditure on capital expenditure such as roads, schools, hospitals, landfills, transportation, water, main centers and so on.

Compensation of Employees: This consists of monthly salary, various funds, social security, travel allowance etc. paid to Government employees.

Development Partners: These represent Countries or agencies that help developing Countries achieve their development goals. This could be some groups like International Monetary Fund- IMF, World Bank, African Development Bank and so on. It can also be some individual countries like Germany, English Rice, United States, and so on.

End Year Inflation: This is the level of inflation in February of a particular year.

Expenditure Overrun: This occurs when the expenditure of various expenditures exceeds the budget allocation approved by the legislature.

Fire- Energy Tax Act -ESLA: (Energy Sector Levies Act).

Evacuation: This is the process of moving a crowd from one place to another.

30 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Famekwa Secondary School (FREE SHS): Famekwa Secondary School is a new Government initiative launched by the government of President Nana Akuffo-Addo in April 2017 that every JHS student who passes the examination will get free admission to Secondary School.

Fiscal Responsibility Act: This is a series of laws that regulate the Government and define how we should spend money that comes from taxes.

Grants: These are types of financial assistance provided by Travel Assistants to the Government that are not payable by the Government.

Grants to other Government Units: This represents the amounts that are required by law to be paid into the District Legislative Fund “DACF”, Road Fund “GETFUND” and Petroleum Related Fund.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): This refers to the value of all the goods produced in the country during a given period.

Gross International Reserves:This is a measure of the purchasing power of a country at a particular point in time. This helps to compare the budget of one country with that of another country by seeing the economic strength of the country.

Inflation: This represents the increase in the prices of services and goods over a period of time.

Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Program - IPEP (Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme): Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication

31 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: "Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy"

Under This program is one of the key activities of the NPP Government with the overall objective of bringing development to rural areas, especially in poor areas, thereby helping to alleviate poverty and change the welfare gap between rural and urban areas.

Loan Repayment: This is the repayment of loans from countries and banks for development purposes. These can be those in this country or abroad.

Macroeconomic targets: These are measures of a country’s economic performance. Examples of this are economic growth, inflation, employment growth gaps, domestic and international trade, the nature of government deficits and the impact of decisions by the Bank of Ghana on inflation in the country.

Small Enterprise Development Program - MSME (Micro And Small Buisness Developmet Programme): Small Enterprises are private enterprises that can employ a small number of people with a budget of less than a certain amount.

Miscellaneous Provision: This is the section of any agreement or contract that deals with various events that may happen and the procedure to be taken during the steps of the agreement/contract.

Mitigating Measures: These are measures that are used in the event of a crisis and are intended to mitigate its effects.

Nation-Building Volunteers- NABCo (Nation Builders Corps): This is a brand new concept launched by the Government of Ghana to provide young graduates with employment opportunities in the private or Government sectors and help with their skills

32 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

life problems days, and this has helped them to gain experience that will contribute to the development of the State economy.

National Board for Small Scale Industries- (NBSSI): The National Board for Small Scale Industries is a not-for-profit public body but, it is a subsidiary of the Ministry of Trade and Industry, which is legally empowered to supervise as a NBSSI Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) will improve.

Non-Oil Real GDP: This is the gross domestic product excluding income from coal activities, based on inflation.

Non Tax Revenue: This is the non-tax revenue of the Government. These include fees for obtaining a license and other fees, such as interest and royalties.

Outstanding Obligations: Outstanding Obligations are the amounts payable by the Treasury to the various Government Entities and then, the outstanding obligations as of 2016 that the Government is required by law to pay into the Legal Funds.

Primary balance: This is the amount of money remaining after the Government has collected all the expected revenue, excluding interest on the loan (ie, excluding the loan repayment by the Government). And the way we calculate this is to convert it into a percentage of the value of all National Goods.

33 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Public Financial Management Reforms Project - PFMRD (Public Financial Management Reforms Project): The objectives of this public financial management reforms are to improve Budget planning, achieve transparency in fiscal measures and ensure timely and accurate reporting of Ghanaian Government expenditure. This budget through sound planning and training of specific financial staff helps to improve compliance with financial guidelines, helps us to spend money when we need it and then, helps us to do our job better for the benefit of the public.

Projected Growth Rate: This is the expected growth rate of the Ghanaian economy in a particular year.

Private Sector Financial Assistance

(PFI): Private Finance Initiative.-

Revenue: This is the amount of money that the Government receives from its activities in the country and abroad.

Livestock for Jobs - RFJ (Rearing For Jobs): This is a new development initiative of the Government of Ghana to promote and generate income for the livestock sector by increasing livestock meat for public consumption and reducing imports of livestock meat the lives of all insect handlers have also improved.

Social Benefits: These are payments made by the Government on behalf of the public to the water, fuel and electricity companies to support Ghanaians.

Subsidy: This is a form of financial assistance provided by the Government to citizens to relieve some of the burden on them to ease their neck.

34 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

Theme: “Complete projects to stabilize and continue the rest to stimulate the national economy”

Surveillance: This is a method of visually monitoring something and how it happens.

Transparency: This means that the Government will ensure that citizens are aware of what is happening and that all reports are heard in a timely manner.

Teaching And Learning Materials -TLM (Teaching And Learning Materials): These are living and non-living objects or as humans or other creatures used by the teacher in teaching and learning in order to help accomplish the teaching and learning objectives.

Use of Goods and Services: This is the amount paid by the Government for the services it provides to the public.

Value Added Tax (VAT): This is a tax levied on various goods at any level of production.

35 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens Economic Plan

© 2021. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance