FREEDOM AND JUSTICE

REPUBLIC OF GHANA

ENGLISH

2021 BUDGET FOR CITIZENS

This prospectus is a Review of the 2021 Budget and Revenue Policy

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

The price at which citizens will receive an explanation

The Fe 2021 Budget and Revenue Strategy by the Government of Ghana is available online at:

www.feed.gov.gh

To obtain this form, contact the Financial Services Department at:

Public Relations Office

New Building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or

P. O. Box MB

Accra – Ghana

Email: info@mofep.

Translated by:

Bureau of Ghanaian Languages

i | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

Contents

Prints........................................................................................................................... iii

Expository Editions .................................................................................................................. iii

MESSAGE OF THE MINISTER OF FINANCE ............................................... v

INTRODUCTION…………………………………………………………………………………

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE IN 2020 ................................................ 1

2021 BUDGET AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT........................................... 5

PROCEDURES FOR COLLECTION OF TAXES............................................................................. 6

COVID 19 RISK REDUCTION AND GHANA'S TRANSFORMATION PLAN

VARIOUS DEPARTMENTS AND THEIR FUNCTIONS ………………………………………… 14

END ...................................................................................................................................

Interpretation of specific terms of the financial statements…………………………………………………… 29

ii | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

Editions

Issue 1: Employees admitted to Government posts .................................................. 21

Issue 2: Completed truck routes……………………………………………………………… 24

Edition 3: Introductory Tasks ......................................................................................... 25

Explanatory Editions

Explanatory Issue 1: Government Expected Revenue from January to Spring 2020 (in Ghanaian billions).

Explanatory Issue 2: Summary of Government expenditure from January to January 2020 (in Ghanaian billion).

Explanatory Issue 3: Overview of Sources of Revenue Expected by Government in Fee 2021 (in billions of Ghana sidi).

Explanatory Issue 4: Projects planned by the Government in Fe 2021 and the amount of money committed to the projects specifically (in Ghanaian billion).

iii | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

“Now is the time to unite with each other without party affiliation, and to help each other work diligently to move Ghana forward as it deserves.”

DRAG. Nana Addo Dankwa - The Best Of Nana Addo Dankwa

(Excerpted from the President’s State of the Union Message read to Parliament in the Fall of 2021.)

iv | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

MESSAGE OF THE MINISTER OF FINANCE

In the Spring of February 2020, Ghanaians voted again for President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo to continue his good works and so on for another four years. The confidence of the people in this Government is absolutely invaluable.

The 2021 Budget is a key budget that addresses how we restructure our economy to protect citizens, revive the reforms affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and build our capacity to improve Ghana in the post-COVID-19 era. We have built the Budget on our goal of bringing about new changes in the country’s development to achieve financial independence.

Over the past four years, we have revived our economy by implementing a number of key initiatives: promoting major income projects, launching tax incentives, implementing various development projects, supporting the private sector, and promoting social initiatives. At the end of Fiscal 2019, we introduced a number of changes to our capital statements. This is about the major economic standards we have achieved and the international appreciation of Ghana’s progress during the COVID-19 pandemic. The disease has affected the global economy and Ghana is no exception.

This COVID-19 pandemic has caused a lot of problems in our jobs and daily lives. However, the Government has recognized the impact of the disease on us as a nation and has launched various measures to revive the employment situation. We didn’t completely lose hope, because we found many new ways to do what was needed. Government is committed to making sure we are healthy. Therefore, the Government has launched a campaign to vaccinate Ghanaian citizens against the disease so that we can work hard to achieve where we want Ghana to reach.

Despite the difficult times, you have joined us in our development efforts, and we are working to revive our income for our development. Some 1.2 million students are receiving proper education in secondary schools to build their future. We restructured banks that went bankrupt and paid most of the depositors in these banks. In addition, we have established a mill, and the mills have been sold, and some are working on our roads.

In fact, we encountered some challenges in our development work. Government is working hard on various projects for eliminating these problems to get relief in our activities. For example, we supported small businesses with the amount of Ghana 750 million under the Small Business Investment Program in the Fall of Fe 2020 and so on.

Now we are being asked to help each other, and we are working harder than ever to move the country forward. We will do this by continuing the key projects we are working on to make progress for all of us. We must work hard in our projects for the development of the country, because we have sincerely pledged ourselves to devote all our energies to the service of the people of Ghana.

God bless us all.

Long live the nation of Ghana!

Ken Ofori-Atta Minister of Finance

v | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

INTRODUCTION

1. The FY 2021 Civil Budget is a summary of the work undertaken by Government in FY 2020 and the amount of money it expects for protection for its programs and development projects in FY2021. The theme of the Debt 2021 Budget is “Continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects”. The reason for choosing this topic is that over the past several years, the launch of new development projects has been planned for every new Budget. This results in the stagnation of existing development projects. This practice hurts our finances, and it also means that we pay some money in the air and that many workers are not paid on time for the work they do. This results in a disproportionately higher cost of development, as interest is paid on delinquent payments.

2. In Fe 2021, Government plans to operate in a new way. The government has developed this program with the aim of eliminating the backlog of development projects to complete the development projects that have been started.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE IN

Application of Major Funds

3. The allegations relating to the performance of capital issues in Fe 2020 go as follows:

• Gross domestic product (GDP) in the first nine months of the year was 0.2 percentage points. At the end of the year, the nation’s commodity foe is expected to be a dividend of 0.9 per cent;

• The gross domestic product without fuel for the first nine months of the year was 0.4, and is expected to be 1.6 percentage points at the end of the year;

• The stock price at year-end was 10.4 per cent despite the revised target of 11.0 per cent;

1 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

• The amount of money sought to fill the budget before it includes development is 11.7 per cent of gross domestic product whereas the revised target is 11.4 per cent of gross domestic product;

• The amount of money that the Government should seek to add to the budget before it invests is 5.3 per cent of the national income compared to the target of 4.6;

• The country’s foreign exchange reserves amounted to US$8.6 Billion ($8.6 Billion) equivalent to the value of goods exported by Government from foreign countries in 4.1 months.

GOVERNMENT REVENUES FOR 2020 AND HOW ITS EXPENDITURE

Amount Received by Government

4. In the 2020 Budget, the Government expects to generate Ghana 53.7 billion which will be the source of taxes and funds allocated to the Government for development and other activities. By the end of 2020, the Government’s revenue is Ghana 55.1 billion. This amount was higher than expected and increased by 1.5 billion Ghana sidi. This is due to the Government's efforts to collect taxes from national trade and rural areas through the implementation of the Tax Collection and Maintenance Scheme. As a result, tax revenues were collected more systematically and efficiently than ever before.

2 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

Explanatory Issue 1. Government Expected Revenue from January to Spring 2020 (in Ghanaian billions).

60.0 53.7 55.1

50.0 42.6 40.7

40.0

30.0

20.0

10.0 4.55.0 3.83.6 3.42.8 1.21.2

0.0

Revenues received by the Government through taxes and grants

Cash on which taxes have not been paid

Non-fuel income and tax-free income

Government revenue from sale of petrol and gas

Other tax funds (ESLA & SSNIT fund portion going to NHIL fund)

Funds granted to Government

Metallurgy revised

Price total subject to change

How Government Used Money

5. By the end of 2020, the Government has spent Ghanaian sidi 100.1 billion (including water bills) when the Government should have spent Ghanaian sidi 97.7 billion. The amount they planned to spend included benefits and other payments. As shown in the second edition of the commentary, the Government's additional payments in 2020 exceed its planned expenditures. The reasons why the amount spent by Government in 2020 is higher than planned goes as follows:

• Government has recruited and placed additional health workers in the front lines of treatment of COVID-19 patients

3 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

pay the salary increase. In addition, the Government paid back money to many retired soldiers.

• Government has spent heavily on COVID-19 prevention programmes; and

• Government has re-invested in development projects to help the country fight the COVID-19 pandemic.

6. It is important to note that the Government has borrowed the amount of Ghana 44.9 billion in addition to the taxes and funds allocated to the Government which owes the pregnant Ghana 55.1 billion for development projects in Fe

Explanatory Debt Issue 2: Government Expenditure from January to Summer 2020 Debt Summary (in Ghanaian billion)

Irregularities in the balance sheet 0 2.21

Outstanding Debts to Government 1.44 1.44

Other metallurgy 12.18

Funds for development 12.08 14.09

Amount of Government subsidies to government agencies 9.33 11.88

Payment of interest on funds borrowed by Government 11.81 26.6

Cost of equipment play and services 7.39 26.27

Payment of salaries to civil servants 7.74 27.06 28.27

Funds worked by Government owed futher 100.53 97.74

0 20 40 60 80 100 120

Price debt pregnant that can change

Revised financial statement

Debts incurred in Debt

7. As of February 2020, our debt stood at Ghanaian shillings 291.6 billion (US$50.8 billion), equivalent to 76.1 per cent of the national debt. This amount includes the amount required by the Government to repay banks and financial institutions that have borrowed from their customers as well as the amount it has paid to private companies for electricity bills

4 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Debt Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

roast. Our debt in 2020 (excluding the amount paid by the Government to banks and financial institutions) was 71.5 per cent of gross domestic product. The description of our debt in 2020 goes as follows:

• Our debt to other rural countries is Ghanaian sidi 141.7 billion (US$24.7 billion) or 48.6 percent of the total debt;

• Our public debt is Ghanaian sidi 149.8 billion (US$26.1 billion) or 51.4 percent of the total debt.

2021 BUDGET AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The 2021 Macroeconomic Target

8. Government policies and activities related to finance (namely collection and consumption of taxes) have effect on revenue issues in a few years. Budget 2021 is based on the following macroeconomic goals or criteria:

• Gross domestic product will increase by 5.0%;

• Gross domestic product excluding gasoline will increase by 6.7%;

• By the end of the year, investment in stocks will fall to 8.0%;

• The amount of revenue required by Government plus the amount of revenue it expects to generate before implementing development projects will be 9.5% of gross domestic product;

• The amount of cash required by Government to supplement the existing funds before investing in development projects shall be 1.3% of gross domestic product; and

• Revenues from rural areas not utilized by Government shall not be less than the value of goods exported by Government from rural areas in a quarter (4).

Government Expected 2021 Revenue

9. Government expects the total tax and receipts in 2021 to be Ghana 72.5 billion. The amount of revenue that Government expects to generate in 2021 is contained in the 3rd explanatory edition.

5 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Debt Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

Explanatory Issue 3: Summary of Debts from which Government Expects to Revenue by Debt 2021 (in billions of Ghana sidi)

Funds given to Government 1.5

Other taxes 4.9

Fuel oil commodities 5.4

Tax-exempt funds (excluding fuel) 7.1

Taxable metals (excluding fuel) 53.6

Taxable funds 55.8

Total receipts and disbursements by Government 72.5

PROGRAMS FOR COLLECTION OF TAXES

10. Government through various tax collection measures in the Fe 2021 Budget to continue development and mitigate the impact of COVID-1 These tax arrangements go as follows:

• Government has increased NHIS funds and VAT at a rate of 1% per annum to support COVID-19 prevention programmes;

• Government imposed 10 pesewa per liter of fuel (petro/diesel) under the Road Tariff Act to address hygiene issues, promote healthy living issues and reduce gambling-related deaths and illnesses;

• Government has imposed 20 pesewa per liter of petrol/diesel on citizens under the Fuel and Electricity Rehabilitation Scheme to generate electricity

6 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

the private sector in relation to the issues of the period when the latrine power lines were not in operation;

The government has required banks to pay a dividend of 100 per cent for five years from their pre-tax profits to strengthen the activities of the burdened banks and financial institutions. This policy will be reviewed in 2024;

Government has arranged for the Treasury and the Department of Public Safety to oversee the activities of gambling companies and to encourage gambling stakeholders to develop policies that promote their income through gambling activities; and

The tolls will be reviewed to match the current ones, and the Fees for Services Act 2018 (Act 983) will be amended to automatically adjust the amount paid each year in relation to the value of the previous year as filed by the Department of Corrupt Practices.

Distribution to Operations in 2021

11. Government plans to spend the amount of Ghana 113.8 billion on its activities as shown in the explanatory note

The Ghanaian 41.3 billion will be borrowed from rural countries and companies in the country to supplement the planned funds.

7 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

Explanatory Issue 4: Projects planned by the Government for 2021 and the amount of money committed to the projects (in billions of Ghanaian sidi)

Payment of outstanding debts to Government | 3.7

Other metalworking | 8.4

Amount of Government subsidies to government agencies | 18.1

Payment of interest on funds borrowed by Government | 35.9

Funds used by Government for development purposes | 11.4

Expenditure by Government on procurement of equipment and provision of services | 6.0

Salaries of civil servants | 30.3

Total funds used by Government | 113.8

COVID-19 INSURANCE REDUCTION AND GHANA'S TRANSFORMATION

12. This section discusses the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy around the world, particularly in Ghana. He also discussed the measures taken by the Government to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and reduce its damage.

The Effects of COVID-1

13. The global outbreak of COVID-19 in late 2019 has had a devastating impact on businesses, jobs and the global economy. It has led to many economic collapses, massive layoffs, loss of income and worsening of the economy. In addition, the disease has killed more than 2.6 million people worldwide.

8 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

14. In Ghana, as of the last week of September 2020, the incidence of the disease increased from 11 to 781 per week before declining to 104 in the last week of February In February 2021, another outbreak began, rising from 99 in the first week of January to 880 on January

15. As part of the measures to curb the spread of COVID-19, the Government has imposed a curfew on Ghanaian citizens. This order has affected many sectors in the country that build the national income, especially entertainment, agriculture, healthcare, travel, handicrafts, housing, finance and education.

16. This has caused suffering to the automobile workers, metis and other unions who are not performing government duties, and do not share in any social patronage. While this order is essential in preventing the spread of the disease, it has resulted in a complete reduction in the use of goods and services.

17. Although West African countries have implemented these regulations, many international countries have praised the Government of Ghana for its measures to curb the spread of the disease. This gave us the strength to work harder.

18. As another COVID-19 outbreak prevention initiative, the World Bank has supported the Government with US$100 million under the COVID-19 Rapid Outbreak Preparedness Plan. The program aims to empower the public to prevent, test, research and improve the disease

Ongoing spraying events

9 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

the holders of the. This confirms the Government’s foothold for cases, screening and rehabilitation programmes.

19. The Government further supports the citizens in the following ways to provide relief:

• Government supported companies to not lay off their workers, and helped families through this difficult time;

• The government covered latric fees for citizens from April to the end of February 2020 and provided food to the disabled during the curfew;

Free water for all

• Government distributed 1827,581 and 917,142 cooked food items to the disabled in Ghana and Kumasi districts respectively;

• Government and religious organizations distributed raw food to 470,000 families during the curfew;

• Government provided free water to 10,125,620 citizens through the Ghana Water Resources Authority;

• Government repatriated Ghanaian citizens stranded abroad due to anti-travel orders under the Repatriation Programme;

10 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

• Government has supported small businesses with Ghana 750 million under the Business Support for Coronavirus Insurance Reduction Program to mitigate the impact of the disease on small businesses. It further supported the 277,511 jobs with a total of Ghana 412.88 million; and

• Government established the National COVID-19 Prevention Fund and raised Ghana 57.13 million through public contributions to the fund. As of 31st February 2020, Ghana 45.22 million of this amount has been spent on the purchase of protective clothing and medicines for selected COVID-19 hotspots. In addition, food was provided to the elderly, disabled and poor, and vehicles were purchased for selected hospitals where COVID-19 patients are being treated and so on.

20. Supporting Citizens during the COVID-19 Pandemic in 2021: Government will start implementing the following additional programs in 2021 to provide relief to the people, especially the most affected:

• Tax Breakdown: Government will break taxes on the following industries at 30 per cent every quarter and starting in the fourth quarter of February 2021: hotels, restaurants, educational, technical, entertainment, travel and entertainment services;

• Tax Credentialing: Government has fixed the quarterly small business tax with effect from the fourth quarter of Feb 2021;

• Excise Tax: Government has fixed the quarterly excise duty on hand cars and tazis and this scheme will be implemented from the fourth quarter of Fe 2021 as a compliance to the transport tax cuts; and

• Compensation for Taxpayer-Based Companies: The government will compensate taxpayer-banked companies and individuals

11 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

mli by the Spring of February 2020 and agreed with the Income Tax Department to repay the money before the end of the Fall of February 2021 to ease their financial burden. Companies and individuals participating in this loan must register with the Tax Authority and ensure that they pay the outstanding taxes for the first three months.

12 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

THE GHANA REVOLUTION

21. The Government launched the COVID-19 Impact Mitigation, Revival and Support Plan on 20th August 2020 to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and to provide for early recovery, and economic stability. In fact, this program will bring about significant changes in Ghana's national income and stabilize domestic manufacturing to meet the basic needs of Ghanaian citizens.

22. The Ghana Intervention Plan is based on the objective of employment development, entrepreneurship, and employment generation. Through this Interest Plan, the Government is confident that the national economy will be revitalized and grow by creating quality and new jobs for the citizens, especially in the private sector.

23. The key functions and programs to be implemented by Government under the Ghana Strategy include the following:

• support large-scale agriculture programs and attract educated youth to large-scale agriculture;

• build lightweight manufacturing plants in Ghana;

• develop roadmaps and promote computer applications;

• promote computing issues;

• promote housing issues in Ghana;

• build Ghana to be at the forefront of other countries;

• review and promote key Government policies; and

• establish a Bank to support national development projects and policies in Ghana in accordance with the Ghana Interest Plan.

13 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

24. VARIOUS DEPARTMENTS AND THEIR FUNCTIONS

This section describes the activities carried out by various key companies in Fe 2020, the plans and development projects they have planned to carry out in Fe These plans and developments relate to the Ghana National Development Plan which is being implemented from February 2018 to February 2021 and the Ghana No More Aid Plan. The objectives of these programs relate to the objectives of the Ghana Interest Plan. Along with this, we have objectives related to our engagement with other global partners such as the United Nations Debt 2030 Initiative (Development Sustainability Goals) and the African Debt 2063 Goals.

DEPARTMENT OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE

Women selling produce in the market.

25. The Ministry of Food and Agriculture has further implemented the Investment in Agriculture for Food and Jobs (IFJ, 2018-2021) program to reduce poverty and boost income generation by creating jobs. In Fe 2020, Government made the following improvements:

• Government has disbursed fertilizer and certain crops to 1,736,510 farmers. As a result, some crops, such as rice, produced well and brought the industry to many people;

14 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

• Government procured 7,500 breeding lambs and distributed them to 750 farmers in Western Ghetto, Ghetto and Oti States, and 30,000 chickens were raised and distributed to 3,000 farmers in Western Ghetto, Eastern, Ashanti, Ghetto and Ghana States. The government purchased 531,100 game animals and birds for distribution to farmers and started construction of 11 pastures and 7 water wells for animal feedlots;

• Government is implementing various irrigation projects with various levels of completion. The first and second phases of the Tamne project were completed 90 and 50 percent respectively; the second phase of the Mprumem project is 95 percent complete, and the Tano project, which is a renovation, expansion and modernization project, is 95 percent complete;

• Completion of 61 per cent allocation of the Kpong project and, in the case of the Kpong Left Bank project, 72 per cent allocation;

• Government completed the removal of 10 small dams in Eastern Plains Western Plains, Plains and Savannah Counties to ensure people have access to water for domestic use and can easily farm throughout the year;

Irrigated field

• Government completed the construction of 21 blocks under the “One Small Area One Lock” Policy;

• Despite the decline in the global price of cocoa, the Government has not reduced the price it buys from cocoa farmers. And Fe

15 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Funding for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

During the 2017/2018 cropping season, the price of a tonne of cocoa was 7,600 Ghana sidi. The government has increased this amount by 8.42 per cent to Ghanaian sidi 8,240 per tonne in the 2018/2019 cropping season to avoid burden on coconut farmers; and

Government has sought 110,000 jobs for citizens by implementing various programs in the cocoa sector to curb the migration of people from villages and small towns to cities and promote employment in the country.

26. In 2021 Government:

continue to distribute fertilizer and fertilizer to farmers to promote productivity issues of crops such as rice, pulses, soybeans, barley and egg yolk and ensure food security for the country and export some to grassland countries;

distribute 531,100 livestock and poultry purchased by 2020 to farmers and set up three shelters, purchase 5 million chickens, purchase 20,000 fast-growing turkeys and distribute these items to farmers at 50 percent interest rates;

purchase and distribute farm roads and other equipment worth about US$30 million to farmers to promote innovative agriculture;

purchase 97,000 liters and 14,000 kilograms of pesticides to control pests and build two glass houses, three human-made livestock breeding grounds and 3 million pesticides to combat pest damage; and

will train 64 youths in Akumadan and Bawjiase on the new farming method of cultivating a type of broken chaff.

16 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

DEPARTMENT OF TRADE AND INDUSTRY

27. In 2020, Government implemented the Commodity Exchange Scheme. The objective of this program is to make Ghana the largest manufacturing country in West Africa and among other African countries. In 2020, Government has undertaken the following:

• Governing the establishment of 232 units under the One Small Area One Unit Scheme. Of this number, 76 units are currently in operation and 107 are under construction;

• Government supported the eligible enterprises established under the One Small Area One Enterprise Program by providing financial assistance, loans, tax and non-tax loans. In addition, the Government has further supported these industries by providing roads, water supply, and latrines;

• Government approved the amount of Ghana 603 million to cover import duties and import duties on 37 enterprises established under the One Small Region One Enterprise Scheme;

• Government sought the sum of Ghana 2.3 billion for enterprises established under the One Small Region One Enterprise Program by working with venture capital firms. In addition to this, Government has allocated Ghana shillings 213 million as a subsidy to the enterprises established under the One Small Area One Enterprise Scheme on the loans;

• Government has established 37 small-scale centers by 2020 and these centers have been staffed and equipped and are operational. These 37 companies have branches in 146 sub-regions. Government has started construction of 30 more factories bringing the total to 67 factories.

• The government has supported 110 clothing and accessories manufacturers to boost their operations, and commissioned them to manufacture protective clothing to combat the spread of COVID-1

17 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Debt Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

• 19.5 million face masks, 90,000 long doctor gowns, 90,000 headgear and 50,000 health worker gowns are produced by The fabrics used in these blends were manufactured by three textile companies in Ghana.

8 Promoting efficiency and income generation

9 Establishment and development of manufacturing units

Supporting small businesses for revival during the COVID-19 pandemic

28. By 2021, Government will proceed with the construction of 107 units under the One Small Area One Unit Policy and commence the construction of an additional 49 units.

DEPARTMENT OF LATRICS AND ROADS

29. To achieve sustainability in the fuel and latrine sectors in the country, the Government has undertaken the following activities by 2020:

• Government has completed 98 per cent of the construction of the 200-megawatt ‘Amandi Power’ Latrine Power Plant and will soon be completed for commissioning;

• Government has extended latrikika to 388 of the 560 areas it has deepened. As a result, domestic lattice energy consumption increased from 85.0 percent by January 2020 to 85.2 percent by end-2020. So far, the

18 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

latrika has been extended to more than 10,000 communities under the Latrika Extension to Coffee and Small Towns Programme;

• The government distributed 1,500 light bulbs to the citizens under the Light Lighting Promotion Scheme.

30. In 2021, Government will continue to ensure that the following services are provided and developed:

• Government will complete the second paragraph of the first phase of the 202-megawatt “Early Power” Latrine Power Plant;

• Government will continue to market latrine power plants in the private sector;

• Dam a mixed-use government in Pwalugu;

• Government will repair or replace the T3 Gas Machine.

• Government will complete the implementation of the first phase of the Kumasi-Bolgatanga main latrikika railway (Kumasi-Kintampo);

• Government will upgrade the 161kv Volta-Achimota-Mallam substation to enhance its efficiency; and

• Government will complete the plant construction works of the 330kv Pokuase Latrine Power Station A4BSP.

19 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH

National Institute of Epidemiology of Ghana, Ghana

1 Elimination of poverty

8 Promoting efficiency and income generation

31. As the Government is committed to keeping the citizens healthy and preventing the spread of COVID-19, the Government has undertaken the following activities in 2020:

• Government has commenced implementation of plans to build 101 sub-district, 7 medium and 2 psychiatric units and refurbish Effia-Nkwanta dispensary under the Government Clinical Development Plan “Agenda 111”;

A drone distributing emergency medicine

• Government has provided various HIV/AIDS drugs and patient complaint computers to 488 clinics to promote HIV/AIDS and stone treatment and 2,343 medicine refrigerators to be distributed to clinics across the country to strengthen disease prevention programmes;

20 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

Government has established four drones, GH1 Omenako, GH2 Mpanya, GH3 Vobsi and GH4 Sefwi, to promote technology in the health sector and timely delivery of patients; and

Government has recruited 58,191 health workers in various health departments. Explanation of recruitment of these health professionals is noted in Issue 1 .

Issue 1: Employees admitted to Government Hospitals

Number | Employees employed clearly | Number of employees hired in Fe 2020

1. | Health Professionals | 822

2. | Specialist health professionals (part-time employees) | 8

3. | Specialty Physician Assistants | 637

4. | Educated nurses | 43,057

5. | Other employees (Foremen, Cooks etc.) | 2,000

6. | Pharmacists | 150

7. | Doctors of chemistry | 150

8. | Other Health Professionals(Ophthalmologists, Examiners) | 4,146

FUFOFO | | 50,970

Number | The employee who

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

32. Government completed the following projects:

• Completed construction of health workers’ residences in four Sub-District Clinics in Twifo-Praso, Tepa, Nsawkaw, and Bekwai;

• Completion of Sub Area Hospitals in Sawla, Tolon, Somanya, Buipe, and Ueta and a polyclinic in Bamboi; and

• Five sub-clinics under construction at Wiaboman in Gɛ̃ State, Antwirifo in Bono State, Kofiasua in Bono State, Mantewareso Bono in Ahafo State, Amakyekrom in Bono State, Mewerenfiwuo in Bono State, Samproso in Ashanti State, Koforidua (near Offinso) in Ashanti State have been completed in 1999, and the construction of Akaaso in the Western Province.

33. The Government has further supported 13 public health centers and five private health screening centers by providing them with state-of-the-art equipment to promote COVID-19 screening in the country. These outlets include: Kumasi Center for Collaborative Research (KCCR); National Public Health Reference Laboratory (NPHRL); Veterinary Services Department (VSD) Laboratory; University of Allied Health Sciences (UAHS); Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR); and other private healthcare facilities.

34. In Fe 2021 Government:

• promote the Limited Health Sector Improvement Program to enable investment in preventive health services and facilitate the passage of timely patient care legislation;

• continue the construction of Government hospitals and the purchase of equipment in conjunction with the “Agenda 111” program;

• continue to perform duties in the following clinical areas:

○ Koforidua Regional Hospital;

○ Shama Sub-District Hospital;

○ La General Hospital;

○ Tema Regional General Hospital;

22 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Debt Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

○ reconstruct the chemical habitat;

○ Nkoranza Sub-District Hospital; and

○ establish a trauma and emergency center within the Dorma discharge area.

• continue the vaccination program by distributing vaccines to the public with COVAX to prevent the spread of COVID-1

DEPARTMENT OF HIGHWAYS AND HIGHWAYS

9

Establishment and development of manufacturing units

11

The stability of big cities and small towns

Pokuase Truck Bridge (Exit of main truck routes in Gɛ̃ District)

35. Government has fulfilled its mandate in the road sector to facilitate the movement of people and goods through the construction and maintenance of roads as well as minor road maintenance works by 2020 by implementing the following projects among others:

• 25,048 km of highways, 11,061 km of rural and urban roads and 5,535 km of urban roads were repaired;

• 62 km of highways, 120 km of rural and suburban roads and urban roads were repaired by paving, potholing and plugging

23 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

tetre me. In addition, 648 km of asphalt roads have been completed as shown in Issue

Edition 2: Completed truck routes:

NUTO | TEFE

Even | Ashongman, Lapaz (Petroleum), Airport Residential Area, Trinity Seminary, Ga Central, Kwashiman-Ofankor, Chapel Street/Link, Dzorwulu, Tema East, Dansoman, East Legon, Tantra Hill, Ga West Truck Roads, Tema, Baatsona, Shiashie, Burma Camp, Roman Ridge, Ofankor.

Eastern | Kyebi, Koforidua, Lake, Suhum, Nana Asafo Adjei – 50 Mile, Akim Lake

Eastern Plain | Regional hospital paid truck in Bolga

Western | GPHA Quarters, Chapel Hill, New Takoradi

Ashanti | Tech Jnc – Anloga Jnc, Tafo, Suame, Moshie Zongo, Buokrom, Kwadaso, Bantama, Manhyia, Mampong, Obuasi, Subin

Titina | Winneba (Anglican Church – Copa Jnc. Rd.), Winneba-Order Lorimore, Bawjiase Lorimore, Swedru SHS Lorimore

Bono | Sunyani, Berekum

Amugã | Hohoe town roads, Stone County roads

36. In 2021

• Government will continue to maintain the nation's roads so that the cost of maintenance is not negligible. In addition, computerization of road taxes will be introduced to promote tax collection to invest in road loans for road maintenance;

• Ensure that heavy vehicles are not overloaded, thus reducing waste of road maintenance;

• Initiate the key projects identified as in Issue 3:

24 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Debt Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

3rd Edition Embedded Works

ACTIVITIES | LENGTH

The Dufor Adidome – Asikuma Expressway (39.2km) and the Asutuare – Aveyime expressway (23.9km) will be constructed in addition to the 2 bridges to be constructed at the Dufor Adidome and Asikuma Expressways. | 63.1km with 2No. For the Agbasas

A roof will be built over the Amugã river at Volivo. | 1No.

The Tatale-Zabzugu-Yendi-Tamale motorway will be repaired. | 165.8km

The Zabzugu – Nakpali – Bimbila motorways will be repaired. | 73.6km

Dome – Kitase motorway will be repaired. | 19.5km

Ceiling will be built in Buipe, Yapei and Daboya | 3No.

Wodo Tema – Phase 1 of Aflao motorway | 17km

Woado Tema -Akosombo truck driver | 64.7km

Phase 2 of the N8 Assin Praso – Assin Foso motorway will be repaired | 60km

Tema Motorway Ranabauti Phase 2 to be constructed | 1No.

Ceiling sections of 50No.1 shall be constructed of steel. cut. | 50No.

Some Kumasi roads will be repaired | 100km

Selected Gɛ̃ and Tema streets will be paved and tarred | 100km

Selected streets in Tamale & Yendi (in Grassland Region), Nalerigu, Walewale & Gambaga (in Grassland East Region) and Damango (in Savannah Region) will be repaired and widened. | 100km

25 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Debt Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

4 The right education

5 Equal opportunities for men and women

8 Promoting efficiency and income generation

High school students are following COVID-19 prevention measures.

37. To ensure universal access to quality education by 2020, the Government has developed a new curriculum for Primary and Secondary Schools launched in

• About 153,000 teachers from Kindergarten to Primary six were trained on the new curriculum across the country. 290 principals were also trained to handle the implementation of the new curriculum;

• Student textbooks published by various publishing houses were reviewed and 956 were approved for use under the New Curriculum. The President and his cabinet approved the Curriculum Review Phase Two of the SHS and JHS Curriculum for use;

• 20 new libraries were established across the country bringing the total number of Government libraries to 90 and 10 public libraries and 33 secondary libraries were upgraded to promote reading, writing and literacy;

• 157,000 books to help teachers implement the new curriculum were distributed to teachers across the country. In addition, 4,086 education workers were trained to also provide training

26 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

others in states and districts along with 152,000 teachers regarding the implementation of the new curriculum;

• 840 pickup trucks, 350 buses and 2,000 motorcycles were rented and distributed to school authorities to assist them in their activities;

• Continued implementation of the Free Secondary Education Scheme resulting in an increase in the number of secondary students participating in the Scheme. In the 2016/2017 academic year, the number of students was 813,448 and in the 2019/2020 academic year, the number of students was 1, 200,580; and

• School buildings were built to provide learning opportunities for students under the Free Secondary Education Scheme:

o Completion of 539 of the 1,119 secondary school buildings commenced in 2017; and

o Completion of 28 decentralized secondary school buildings under the Secondary Education Enhancement Programme.

38. In 2021 Government:

• train 11,997 kindergarten to class 6 teachers under the New Curriculum and 95,000 teachers under the New JHS and SHS Curriculum.

• Preliminary examination for second and fourth grade students will be conducted in all primary schools nationwide;

• continue to establish nine vocational schools under the Free Secondary Education Scheme;

• build 20 of the ‘STEAM’ designated centers in the country under the Science, Technology, Mechanical Education, Arts and Mathematics promotion programme.

27 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

END

39. In Fe 2021, Government will continue to support industrialisation, infrastructure development, agriculture, manufacturing and citizen self-employment. Therefore, we urge all citizens to do their utmost and help the Government to develop Ghana so that the results of our efforts reach everyone.

40. God bless our Homeland Ghana!

28 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Debt Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

Interpretation of specific terms of the financial statements

One Small Region One Industry Policy: Establishment of industries and manufacturing industries will enable the country to move forward in terms of manufacturing and income generation. The aim of this scheme is to attract more jobs to the country to create employment for the citizens.

Accountability: It is the duty of Government to be accountable to the public for its operations, the use of public funds and resources under its control.

Allocation of funds and resources: The process by which Government allocates funds and resources to government agencies.

Problem alleviation: How to alleviate a problem or suffering.

Science, Technology, Mechanical Engineering, Design and Mathematics: These subjects are important in the development of curriculum and curriculum to promote the use of science and technology.

Budget: The budget is a plan made by the Government on where you will get money and how it will spend it. For example, a family may plan how much money they have and how they will spend it. (e.g. rent, latrine, water and food) If the family needs more money, it has to borrow or reduce its spending.

Budget deficit: This occurs when a Government spends more money than it receives or when the amount spent exceeds the amount it receives.

Government spending on development: This is the amount of money spent by the Government on major development projects such as roads, schools, hospitals, bridges, transportation, drinking water, roads, etc.

Government Employees Salaries: Payment of salaries to government employees: This consists of salaries and other payments made by Government to government employees, payments made by Government to retired government employees (Social Security), gratuities and so on.

29 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Debt Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

Development Lenders: These are countries and organizations that provide assistance to other countries by providing them with funds to meet their development goals. Creditors can be companies or groups of countries. For example, the “International Monetary Fund” (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank (AfDB) and others. The creditor can be a single country. For example, Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States of America (USA) and so on.

Inflation at the end of the Debt: The rate at which prices rise at the end of the year or in the Spring (Twelfth Month).

Excess Budget: This occurs when the budget spent by Government exceeds the Budget.

ESLA Act: Compensation for Fuel and Latrine Energy Act

Removal: Procedures followed during removal ceremonies.

Free Secondary Education: The Free Secondary Education Scheme introduced by the Government of Ghana under President Nana Akufo-Addo in February 2017 provides free secondary education to primary school students who pass the final examination.

Financial Services Act: This is the laws that govern the collection and use of government funds.

Grants to Government: This is the various grants provided by the Development Lenders to the Government for its development. These costs are generally not paid by Government.

Government Grants to Government Agencies: This is the amount of money that the Government contributes to the District Assemblies’ Common Fund (DACF), Roads Fund, Ghana Education Trust Fund (GETFUND), Road Fund and National Health Fund among others.

30 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Topic: Raising revenue issues through continuation, completion and sustainability of development projects.

Father of Goods: This is the father of all goods and services produced in the country at a particular point in time.

State-owned foreign currencies: This is the country’s ability to hold foreign currencies for the transportation of goods and labor from foreign countries at a particular time. It is also the country’s ability regarding the weight of its economy, compared to other rural countries.

Cost of goods: This is the cost of producing goods and services at a particular point in time.

The Poverty Eradication Development Programme: This program is one of the NPP Government’s flagship policies aimed at eradicating poverty and creating inequality between the poor and the wealthy, especially rural development.

Repayment of Government Loans: This is the payment of loans to states, banks and financial institutions that have lent to the Government for its development projects. These lenders can be domestic or international.

Major Financial Statements Objectives: These are measures of financial performance. For example, economic growth, commodity prices, changes in employment and trade with other countries. The success or failure of government fiscal policy and other policies by the Central Bank of Ghana have an impact on the economy in the country.

The Small Business Promotion Scheme: Small businesses are generally businesses that employ fewer people and have limited working capital.

Invisible Planning: The part of a government assignment to an entity or individual that deals with unregulated activities.

The Problem Mitigation Plan: This refers to the plans in place to mitigate the damage caused by certain incidents.

31 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

Employment for the Unemployed: This is a program launched by the Government of Ghana to employ graduates to alleviate social problems in the Public and Private Sectors to enhance their skills for the development of the national economy.

Department of Small Industries: This is a non-profit government department. This department is under the supervision of the Ministry of Commerce and Industry. The mission of this department is to promote the growth and development of small businesses.

Pregnancy of Public Goods Without Gasoline: All other revenues of the public. This is the total revenue earned by Government through its revenue activities excluding revenue from fuel; this also looks at inflation.

Non-Tax Revenues: This is the non-tax revenues of Government. For example, licensing fees and fees for the use of public goods.

Outstanding Debts: This includes debts or amounts paid by the Government to government agencies through the Department of Finance and outstanding funds in FY16.

Cash or debt balance: This is the amount of cash or debt that remains if Government deducts the applicable amount from the amount available (excluding repayment of Government loans). This amount is usually measured as a percentage of gross domestic product.

The Public Finance Management Plan: The purpose of this plan is to promote the accounting, financial management and accountability of the Government of Ghana. This plan will further ensure the efficient use of Government funds, the efficient allocation of funds and resources and the enhancement of service delivery by sustaining the implementation of the programs and protecting the capacity of the institutions.

32 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Recovery by continuing, completing and sustaining development projects.

Economic growth: The annual growth rate of Ghana's economy.

The PFI Scheme: The Private Sector Investment Development Scheme

Revenues of Government: This is the sum of the revenues received by Government from the state and rural areas for carrying out its functions. Excludes Government loans.

Livestock for Employment: The Government of Ghana's commitment to promote livestock production that will increase livestock production, reduce exports of animals and animal products from rural areas, and promote livestock-related employment.

Government Subsidy to the Citizens: This is the subsidy given by the Government to the citizens by dispersing them in the form of water charges and latriki fees.

Debt: This is an amount of money that the Government gives to citizens to help them alleviate their financial problems.

Observation: This is a detailed observation.

Clarification: This is Government giving the public about its performance in a timely manner so that the functions of Government are clear to the public.

Teaching Materials and Learning Materials: These are the living and non-living, human and non-human materials that teachers use in teaching to achieve the goals and outcomes of teaching.

Consumption of goods and services: The amount paid by Government for its services and services in the context of running the country.

Value Added Tax(VAT): A tax that is added to the supply of goods or services at the time of manufacture.

33 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

© 2021. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance