FREEDOM AND JUSTICE REPUBLIC OF GHANA

TWO

2023 FINANCIAL BUDGET FOR CITIZENS

This document is a Review of the 2023 Budget and Revenue Policy

“Major Economies Revitalize, Create Stability and Sustainability through Diversification Credit Growth and Value Added Commodities”

2 | Government of Ghana - Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Place for Citizens to Get Explanation

The 2023 Budget and Economic Strategy of the Government of Ghana is available online at:

www.feed.gov.gh

To obtain this Form, head to the Financial Services Department at:

Public Relations Office

New Building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or

P. O. Box MB

Accra – Ghana

Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

3 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

`! Now look at `Explanation fee Editions`: The word `fee` is italicized in the lower list: `Explanation fee edition 1...`, the `fee` is in italics: `fee`. Wait, in the heading: `Explanation fee Editions`: Is it `fee` or `year`? Wait, look at `Explanation debt Prints` in blue: `Explanation debt Editions` The 'f' has a straight bottom on the baseline. It's just `faith`. Wait, let's check line by line very carefully. Line 1-2 (top box): “Major Capital Issues Revive, Create Stability and Tenure by Diversifying Growth and Value Stocks.” Wait, is this one paragraph? Yes, it's wrapped into two lines inside quotes. Rule: "Put the marker line

on its own line before EVERY paragraph, heading, list item, caption or text box. The text of one paragraph goes on the lines after its marker; join lines that are only wrapped (and de-hyphenate split words across lines)." So:

“Major Economies Revive, Create Stability and Tenure by Diversifying Activities Creating Growth and Value Commodities” Next, the heading:

Contents Next, the Table of Contents entries: Entry 1:

Explanation fee Issues ............................................................................................ 4 Wait, let's count dots or just put dots? Let's see: `Explanation fee Editions ............................................................................................ 4` Entry 2: .

SUMMARY................................................................................................................ 6 Entry 3:

INTRODUCTION .......................................................................................................... 8 Entry 4: .

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE IN 2022 .......................................... 9 Entry 5:

2022 GOVERNMENT REVENUE AND EXPENDITURE .........12 Wait! Look at `HEART`: Wait, is the second letter `Đ` or `Ɖ`? Both are `Ɖ`.

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

"We are currently experiencing a difficult period caused by rising oil prices, declining Ghanaian government debt and oil prices in rural areas.

5 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Budget for Citizens

“Recovering Major Economies, Playing Stability and Tenderness through Various Activities paying for Growth and Valuing Commodities”

CONCLUSIONS

It is an inescapable fact that this year has been the most economically depressed for the country. Like the rest of the world, we have been plagued by Kovid-19 in the first three months of As a result, the economy is slow. As a result, our income has decreased and we have had to spend money on unplanned prevention.

As we emerge from the effects of Kovid-19 and begin to implement policies that will bring about change, various obstacles have emerged. These setbacks have resulted in a deterioration in our financial results from 2017 to The first stumbling block is the Russian-Ukrainian conflict. Subsequently, the delay in approval of the tax provisions in the 2022 budget has led to disappointing fiscal signs. For the first time in a decade, the international lending zone is closed to us. The availability of funds in the country for development projects is also tightening and the interest rate we pay on loans has also gone up. As a result, our loans and interest rates rose and the Ghanaian currency suddenly depreciated.

While the value of subsidies from the source of income has decreased, the amount of money we spend on imported goods has increased. In addition, the increase in the amount of money we use for loans has further weakened our budget. As a result, life is becoming increasingly difficult for all of us, the Government and the public alike. The increase in fuel prices has led to a sharp rise in the cost of many goods and services with a 40.4 percent increase in the Spring of

These difficult times are testing we are going through as a nation and the Government understands the suffering these things have caused us.

6 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

As the Government, we thank the various stakeholders in the country’s development such as Parliament, Employment Agencies, Various Institutions, Various Civil Society Organizations, Religious Associations, Ghana Chamber of Commerce, Ghana Chamber of Commerce, Education, Policy and Ghanaian society who are patiently going through this difficult time with us as we try to overcome the problems.

On behalf of His Excellency President Nana Addo Danquah Akuffo Addo, I assure all Ghanaians that the Government is working on policies to restore major revenue streams and promote tax collection, implement transformational policies, expand computer technology services and developments, reduce unnecessary exports, and raise taxes promote exports of Ghanaian products to rural areas, manufacture imported goods in Ghana to replace those of rural producers and address the debt security of the disabled and the poor.

The lessons we have learned as a nation during this period have meant that we need to restructure our game of income to make it more sustainable. We will make it better. We will come out of the difficult time and it will make us stronger. May the Lord sustain us and strengthen us to do this.

God bless you!

Ken Ofori-Atta Minister of Finance

7 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

INTRODUCTION

1. The 2023 debt Budget consists of the work done by the Government in 2022 and the amount of money it expects to raise to implement its policies and development projects. The theme of the 2023 Budget is: “Restoring Major Economic Issues, Playing Stability and Sustainability through Diversified Growth and Commodity Value.”

2. In the past many debts, many new development projects have been delayed and those that are being implemented have stalled. This practice not only makes it difficult for us to play financially but also to pay interest on debts that we have not paid on time.

3. In Fe 2023, the Government will implement new plans and development projects, but will ensure that all ongoing development projects are completed.

8 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE IN 2022

Application of Major Funds

5. In the Fe 2022 Revenue Strategy reviewed in the Fee Paragraph, the Government intends to achieve the following objectives in Fe 2022:

i. Public debt commodity debt pregnancy will increase by 3.7 percentage points;

ii. The national debt for goods without fuel will increase by 4.3 percentage points;

iii. The increase or decrease in the cost of the goods at the end of the loan shall be divided by 28.5 percent;

iv. The amount the Government would seek to raise before it starts the development would be 6.6 per cent of the national debt;

v. The remaining amount shall be the commodity interest rate divided by 0.4 per cent; and

vi. The Government's debt will be based on the amount of goods imported from desert countries and works carried out in at least three and a half months.

6. Forecasts for the fiscal year from January to December 2022 show that international and domestic challenges continue to affect the country’s debt portfolio. As a result, the weight of the Ghanaian currency (Ghanaian sidi) has suddenly fallen, commodity prices have risen, the government has become burdensome to repay loans, and the economy is in a state of crisis

9 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

and problems from rural areas are affecting the country's economy. Although the Government has made arrangements for the sources of income and the use of funds to improve the economy, these problems persist. The charges relating to the financial transactions that have not yet been approved, from January to December 2022, go as follows:

vii. The public commodity debt increased by 4.0 percentage points while the 2021 debt increased by 3.9 percentage points during the same period;

viii. Commodity prices rose sharply from 33.9 per cent in December to 37.2 per cent in March, and rose again to 40.4 per cent in July. Food and non-food commodities are responsible for the rise in prices of all commodities.

ix. The amount of money the Government needs to raise before completing development projects is 7.4 per cent of the national debt, while the target is 6.2 per cent of the national debt. However, the outstanding currency or debt is the national commodity debt divided by 2.0 per cent whereas the target is public commodity debt divided by 1 per cent

10 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Debt 2021, with the owner of the predecessor debt and the payment of the outstanding debt under this debt.

x. As of the end of April 2022, the amount of public debt was equal to 75.9 percent of the national debt, compared to 76.7 percent at the end of The reason for this is the decline in the weight of the Ghanaian currency (Ghanaian sidi).

xi. The debt held by the Government stood at US$6,591.8 million equivalent to 2.9 months of debt at the end of February 2022, while the debt of the Government stood at US$9,695.2 million (equivalent to 4.3 months of debt) at the end of Feb 2021; and

xii. The Ghanaian currency depreciated 54.2 per cent in US dollars, compared to 48.5 per cent in British Pounds, compared to 3.1 per cent at the end of

11 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

2022 GOVERNMENT REVENUE AND EXPENDITURE

7. Another reframing of international and domestic challenges is provided in the Fe 2022 Fiscal Strategy reviewed in the Fee Paragraph.

8. The statements relating to the Government debt from January to March 2022 show that the Government did not meet the expected revenue, but the Government met the financial performance targets from time to time as set.

Amount Received by Government

9. The Government's revenue and debt to the Government was Ghana 65,399 million (11.0 per cent of public debt) while the Government's expected revenue was Ghana 67,307 million (11.4 per cent of national debt) and The government generated Ghanaian sidi 49,108 million (national debt divided by 10.7 per cent) in Fe

10. Ghanaian shillings 1,909 million or 2.8 per cent of the national debt remains to be added to the Government’s existing revenue to meet the Government’s expected revenue. As a result, the revenue issues will grow on the previous debt with a dividend of 33.2 percent. The failure of the Government to meet its expected revenue was due to the failure to collect the various taxes expected as planned.

11. The various transactions received from January to December 2022 are shown in the first edition. The percentage breakdown of the various payments received by the Government from January to March 2022 appears in the first edition of the explanatory payment.

12 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Explanation debt issue 1: Debt summary of debt collected by the Government from January to May

Costs other than fuel or taxes 10%

Other funds, 7%

Grants to Government, 1%

The funds allocated by the Government.

Non-fuel taxes, 68%

How Government Spent Money.

12. The amount of money used by the Government (including payment of debts and other debts) in 2022 is Ghanaian shillings 109,421 million (18.5 per cent of the national debt). This amount is slightly higher than the budgeted amount of Ghana shillings of 103,992 million Ghanaian shillings (17.6 percent of the national debt) and 5.2 percent of the national debt. The factors contributing to the slightly higher amount spent by the Government than planned were the payment of interest on loans and the payment of funds by the Government to other Government agencies.

13. Explanation of various metallurgical applications in the second edition of the explanatory note.

13 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Playing Stability and Resilience through Diversification Playing Growth and Commodity Value”

Explanatory Debt Edition 2: Debt Summary of Government Expenditure from January to March

Funding by the Government to support government services 16%

10% of funds used for development

Other metalworking 7%

Fe water tables 9%

Other fees 0%

Government employees pay 25% of salary

Interest paid on loans 29%

Costs for equipment purchase and services 4%

Investment in Development

14. Government debt investments in development projects have resulted in a claim of Ghana 44,022 million (7.4 per cent of the national debt), while the planned amount is Ghana 36,684 million (6.2 per cent of the national debt). The government got most of the money it needed to cover the debt in various places across the country. The amount of money the Government received from the countryside to cover the debt amounted to Ghanaian sidi 6,531 million (1.1 per cent of the national debt).

Debts to the State in Debt 2022

15. The pending charge sheet shows that the country’s debt as at August 2022 is pregnant with Ghanaian sidi 467,371.32 million. (US$48,871.34 million). This amount is equivalent to 75.9 percent of the public goods debt dividend. This includes the Government's domestic debt of Ghana 195,657.61 million equivalent to 31.8 per cent of the national debt

14 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

its debt in rural areas amounted to Ghanaian sidi 271,713.71 million equivalent to 44.1 per cent of the country's commodity debt.

16. The increase in the Government debt in various parts of the country was due to the increase in the interest paid by the Government on loans, and the increase in the Government debt in the rural areas was due to the decrease in the weight of the Ghanaian government.

Descriptive debt edition 3: Debt status of the country (From Feb 2018 to August of Feb 2022)

External Debt Domestic Debt Total Public Debt Rate of Debt Accumulation Total Debt/GDP

Stock of Debt (in billions of GH¢)

700.0 600.0 500.0 400.0 300.0 200.0 100.0 -

56.1% 61.2% 74.4% 76.7% 75.9%

21.4% 26.1% 33.6% 20.7% 32.7%

467.4 352.1 195.7 291.6 181.8 218.2 149.8 173.1 271.7 105.5 86.9 170.3 141.8 112.7 86.2

2018 2019 2020 2021 Sept. 2022

Source of debt: Financial Services Debt

15 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Revitalize, Create Stability and Sustainability through Diversification Credit Growth and Value Added Commodities”

Debt 2023 Master Revenue Targets with Certain Debt Performance

17. The Government followed the policy performance targets and planned for the major revenue targets (2023-2026);

i. The country’s commodity foe will grow with a dividend of 4.3 percent;

ii. The fuel-free national commodity will increase by 4.0 percentage points;

iii. The revised stock price or market decline will be at “8+2” percentage points.

iv. From Fe 2023 to 2026, the outstanding cash or debt will be 1.3 percent of the public goods foe dividend; and

v. The father of the country's deserts can smuggle goods from desert countries in less than four months.

18. Dziɖuɖua lé ŋku ɖe gakpɔmɔnunyagãtɔwo ƒe taɖodzinuwo kple ɖoɖowɔwɔ ɖe ƒe ʋɛe aɖewo ŋu ƒe taɖodzinuwo ŋu eye wòwɔ ɖoɖo siwo gbɔna la le Fe 2023 ƒe gakpɔmɔnunya gãwo ŋu ale;

i. 2.8 per cent distribution of public goods foe;

ii. 3.0 per cent of national commodity fuelless road distribution;

iii. As of the end of Fe 2026, commodities ƒ

“Major Economies Recover, Play Stability and Tenancy through Diversification Growth and Commodity Value”

A FEW-YEAR FINANCIAL PLAN TO BE EFFECTIVE IN 2023

Taxation plans

19. In order to stabilize the national revenue, the Government has submitted to Parliament for consideration and approval tax proposals with an interest rate equivalent to 1.35 per cent of the country's gross domestic product. These tax plans include:

• Review excise duties on tobacco products to bring them in line with ECOWAS regulations, placing a higher excise duty on spirits than on beer.

• VAT will be increased by 2.5 percentage points from 12.5 percentage points to 15 percentage points.

• Convert the tax fund NFSL to GSL with a view to covering all sectors.

• The “E-Levy” will be reduced from 1.5 percent to 1 and the daily non-payment amount will be cancelled.

• Other tax plans include:

○ Sale of 5G Electromagnetic Spectrum.

○ Promote the tax on rental of buildings and premises.

○ Implement another public benefit program at the Jubilee Field to benefit the public more than ever; and

○ The liabilities reviewed will not include the loss of debt we expect to assume through bankruptcy

17 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Budget for Citizens

“Major Economic Issues Restored, Stability and Sustainability Achieved through Diversified Activities Increasing Growth and Value Added to Commodities”

will not increase taxes, but will ensure that the debts we incur through bankruptcy are counted against our long-term funds.

Economic plans

20. In addition to the tax policy, the Government has adopted the following key fiscal policies to support the stabilization of the national debt.

• The extreme poverty alleviation allowance (LEAP) will be doubled from Ghanaian shillings 45 to Ghanaian shillings 90 per month and the number of beneficiaries will be increased from the current 344,1 These financing arrangements will increase the amount paid under the LEAP Program from Ghana 195.5 million in 2022 to Ghana 395 million;

• The amount paid to Cooks under the Primary School Feeding Scheme will be increased by Ghana 138 million.

• Continue to increase the salaries of the President, Vice-President, Civil Servants, Deputy Civil Servants, Directors and other public servants working in public services at 30 per cent;

• Reduce the excise tax on special stocks from 25 dividends to 17.5 dividends;

• All these special funds will be implemented using the “GIFMIS” Scheme and ensure that GIFMIS is used in all receipts and financial transactions. This plan will be implemented by the end of Fe 2023.

• Adjust the salaries of employees who work in State-owned employment loans to not exceed the salaries of other government employees who are paid under the “Single Spine Structure” loan Scheme on a per-loan basis.

18 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Funding for Improvements in Fe 2023

21. In F 2023, the Government's expected receipts and disbursements will amount to Ghana 143,956 million (national debt divided by 18.0 per cent). The Government's main source of income - especially taxes - will give the Government its expected revenue equivalent to 1.35 per cent of the national debt.

22. The amount expected by the Government includes domestic revenues amounting to Ghanaian shillings 141,552 million. This means that taxation will increase over Fee 2022 with a dividend of 46.6 per cent. The amount the Government expects to receive from development loan lenders will be Ghanaian shillings 2,403 million (0.5 per cent of the national debt).

Explanatory note issue 3: Funding for development projects in Fe 2023 (In Ghanaian sidi million)

Funds to Government

GH¢2,4

Other taxes

GH¢6,1

Taxpayers

GH¢23,455

Non-tax funds (excluding fuel.

GH¢12,308

Taxes(excluding fuel)

GH¢99,639

Domestic revenues of the Government

GH¢141,553

Funds received and granted by the Government owed..

GH¢143,956

Source: Department of Finance

19 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Cash Distribution on Operations in Fe 2023

23. The amount to be utilized by the Government (which includes the payment of cash water debts) will amount to 205,431 million Ghana sidis (25.6 per cent of gross domestic product). This implies a decline in the Government’s monetary policy with a gross domestic product dividend of 0.3 per cent compared to the Fe 2022 expectation. This means that the Government is committed to ensuring that the national income is reasonably stable. A summary of the amounts guaranteed by the Government for development projects in Fe 2023 appears on the 5th explanatory note.

Explanatory Issue 4: Cash Distribution for Operations in Fe 2023

(In Ghanaian shillings)

Payment of arrears owed to the Government

GH¢14,4

Other metal applications

GH¢27,636

Funds sponsored by Government..

GH¢30,079

Payment of interest on monies borrowed by Government

GH¢52,5

Expenditures on development

GH¢27,694

Playing equipment and doing jobs

GH¢8,0

Salaries of government employees

GH¢44,9

Metallurgy group

GH¢205,432

Source of debt: Financial Services Debt

Deficit of the Budget and Investment in Improvements in Fe 2023

24. With regard to the total amount of funds planned to be raised and received (including payment of debts), the Government must seek Ghanaian shillings 61,475 million equivalent to 7.7 per cent of GDP to raise funds before completing its development works. The amount of the outstanding debt

20 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

is Ghanaian shillings 8,925 million. This amount is equivalent to 1.1 per cent of the public goods debt divided by 1.1 percent.

25. The Government expects to raise funds from various sources in the countryside and Ghana. The next payment for the Government is from the taxpayers. One of these lenders is the “IMF” with whom the Government is currently negotiating for arranging the payment of debts owed to the Government.

21 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

VARIOUS PLACES WHERE IMPROVEMENTS HAVE BEEN MADE

27. This section highlights the key projects undertaken by the Government in various sectors in FY20 and other projects it plans to undertake in FY2

28. These plans and development projects relate to the national development plan undertaken by the Government from February 2022 to February The scheme is aimed at addressing the Government’s Covid-19 Cost Reduction, Infrastructure Recovery and Infrastructure Support Programme. In addition, it is also the objective of this program to achieve the United Nations Debt 2023 Goal (Sustainable Development) and the African Debt 2063 Goal.

29. This section highlights the key areas where the Government has made progress as well as the plans and progress it will make in February

Getting food

30. As part of the Government’s plan to bring about a change in the amount of income farmers earn from growing fodder trees, 2.5 million roasted fodder trees were distributed to farmers during the Fe 2022 crop seasons.

31. The Government distributed fle chicks and other birds to the number of 120,000 to poultry farmers. These poultry farmers are women and are located in five Metropolitan, Municipal and Sub-District (Savelugu, Sagnarigu, Wa Municipal, Nandom, Sissala East, Nkwanta South, Techiman North and Nkoranza) under the Livestock and Employment Programme.

32. In addition, the Government has distributed 3,750 game animals to various herds and 45 herdsmen to strengthen them in the management of their game animals, in case of crop failure.

22 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

33. By February 2023, the Government will promote the cultivation of genuine food grains by distributing 5.65 million seedlings of eggplant, yogurt, neti, palm, mango and rubber trees to 175,000 foodgrain farmers.

34. The Government completed the construction of 65 load houses. These containers will receive 80,000 metric tonnes of rice and other grains in addition to those already available to the country under the One District One Consignment Scheme. This project will eliminate the problems of frequent post-harvest debt so that farmers do not fall into debt but rather stabilize their income.

35. In February 2023, the Government will complete Phase Three of the Irrigation Project in Tamne, laying a tongue in Sunyeri, Tousal/Jeyiri, Tasundo and Gilang to enable irrigation in Vunamia and Gilang.

Promoting the Utilization of Untreated Fetilaiza

36. With the scarcity of treated fertilizer, and the price suddenly rising due to the problems faced by all countries of the world, the Government has placed the price of untreated fertilizer to replace the treated but unavailable fertilizer. This policy has promoted food security issues and reduced food insecurity.

37. In Fe 2023, the Government will promote production fe cases of unmedicated fetilaiza. The government will expand the production of organic fetilaiza by leasing the machinery used in its production. The EXIM fund will support the Government in this exercise.

38. In Fe 2022, the Government established 125 fish farms (108 ponds and 16 reservoirs), 17,460 bags of fle fish feed and distributed the ponds and reservoirs containing young fish for operation and

23 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

fish farmers with 25 credit categories under the Fisheries for Food and Employment Credit Scheme. In addition, 294 people were trained on sustainable fish farming and 408 fish farmers were trained in fish feed production.

39. By Fe 2023, the Government will open 300 ponds, 40 afle sheds and 52 special fish farming tanks and provide 35,000 fish feed bags, 3 million ducks and hunting gear to 50 fish farming groups.

Coconut cultivation

40. In coconut cultivation, the Government has created 147,000 employment opportunities for the population through various schemes such as reform of coconut cultivation, replanting of coconuts, vaccination of young coconuts, fertilizing and roaming. The government implemented this program with the intention of involving the youth in agriculture to reduce the debt migration of the youth from small towns to big cities.

41. In F 2023, the Government will continue to implement these programs to find additional jobs in addition to the existing ones to stabilize the employment situation of citizens to reduce the unemployment burden on the Government.

Lactic Strength and Road Oils

42. To ensure smooth and stable transmission and distribution, the Volta- Achimota- Mallam 161kv advanced transmission line has been completed and is operational.

24 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

43. As per the Government's plan to install electricity in all parts of the country by February 2024, electricity was extended to 157 districts in November As a result, domestic lattice energy consumption increased from 87.03 per cent to 88.54 per cent by

44. As part of the Government's plan to extend renewable electricity to the islands and partially inland areas, electricity to Azizkpe, Aflive and Alorkpem islands has been completed in Ada East Sub-District in Gɛ Metropolitan Region.

45. In Fe 2023, Government will complete preparations for the latrine from Gẽ to Kumasi, the ‘Western Corridor’ advanced latrines. In addition, these latrines will support the implementation of the Sola Latrika Power Scheme launched by the Government.

46. ​​The Government will extend latrika to another 400 cities under the Self Assistance Latrika Transmission Scheme 4 and 5 and ‘Turnkey’ Projects by FY23. This project involves latrixing to selected areas such as Ahafo, Ashanti, Bono, Gheghadzi and Eastern Ghana districts. The government will also start distributing multi-functional street lighting to Metropolitan, Municipal and Local Government Areas across the country.

25 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Recruitment to the Job

47. As at the end of Spring 2022, the Employment Fund had employed 80,735 young people in various occupations.

48. In FY 2022, the Government undertook the following activities under the Additional Recruitment and Employment Strategy:

• The government planted trees on 645 acres of damaged land. This created 2,300 jobs; and

• Commercial crops worth Rs 20 million were borrowed to support the Agricultural Development Loan Scheme. As a result, a total of 80,071 youths comprising mainstream and non-mainstream employment were sought in Akotom, Adinkra, Techire, Akwatiakwaso, Fufuo and Hohoe.

49. In Fe 2023, the Government will further undertake the following activities:

• 1000 acres of degraded land will be rehabilitated in selected areas, food crops such as neti, palm, orange and mango trees will be planted to support the agriculture and tree planting programme;

• 10 food banks will be set up at special locations that will create 100,000 jobs; and

• Train 20,000 illegal and potential illegal miners, 200 small-scale miners, in mining and health, safety systems and other measures to sustain safety in iron ore.

26 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Labor and Employment For the Youth debt Program

50. The Government plans to create jobs for young people with debts of not less than one million from February 2022 to 2025, by providing low-interest loans to young people to set up their own businesses under the Youth Start Scheme.

YOU START

The chances of a youth-led start-up business getting support are low.

It's time to make a difference with YouStart initiative

THE WORLD BANK NEIP

51. This scheme will be implemented in three installments to support youth not more than 40 years of age to set up micro enterprises. The program provided training to the youth, provided marketing opportunities and provided legal and regulatory employment support to the youth. 70 youths participated in the program at a cost of Ghana 1.98 million.

52. The Government signed a memorandum of understanding with the Ghana Bank and 11 banks for the implementation of the YouStart Youth Employment Fund (YouStart) Program 30.

27 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Recovery, Stability and Sustainability of Major Financial Issues through Diversified Growth and Product Value”

Tree Planting in Ghana for Climate Change Solutions

53. By Fe 2022, some 26.65 million saplings had been distributed of which 24.44 million were under the Ghana Tree Planting Day Programme. In addition, 12.9 million cut trees were redistributed and planted. These trees include ‘ophram, emir, wawa, coconut teak, cedrela, gmelina, cassia, eucalyptus’ and mahogany.

Ghana Tree Planting Day

54. An area of ​​11, 692 acres has been planted against the revised target of 17,000 acres under the National Plantation Scheme.

55. As part of the Ghana Tree Planting Day, about 20 million saplings will be planted in Fe 2023.

56. Global warming is a serious problem for all countries of the world and affects our health, food and climate change vulnerable countries like Ghana. Under the “V20” Claim on Climate Change Damage, Ghana lost US$15,200,001,695 from Fe 2000 to

28 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

57. The Government will continue to promote agricultural loans for dry season crops. This is a key initiative on climate change adaptation and the Government will invest in irrigation projects across the country. In addition, diversification of livestock will be promoted to boost the livestock economy and reduce the consequences of crop failure due to climate change.

Safe Drinking Water and Sanitation Issues

58. In Feb 2022, Phase 3 of the Safe Drinking Water Delivery to Five Subregions Loan Scheme also named ‘STRABAG’ Safe Drinking Water Delivery Loan Scheme was completed at 95 per cent in the Volta region. The Small Communities participating in this safe drinking water training project are Adaklu South; Agotime-Ziope; Central Tongue; Ho West and North Tongu. Once these projects are completed, 424 communities and more than 234,000 creditors will have access to the water.

59. The Government continued to provide abortion services to prevent harassment and deportation. This will keep people, their jobs and property safe. These projects are currently underway and various end payments have been set as follows: the Dansoman project payment distribution at 97 percent has been completed; completed Komenda job distribution of 95 per cent; completed the Elmina project debt Phase Two distribution at 92 per cent; finalized 80 per cent Cape Coast job debt distribution; and completed the Anomabu work distribution of 75 per cent; completed the Dixcove work debt distribution of 40 per cent debt; Aboadze's employment payment was completed at 45 per cent of the Second Part payment; and the Ningo-Pampram project dividend of 50 per cent debt was completed.

60. In Fe 2023, the Government will continue these projects and will launch other projects to alleviate the nuisance of floods in Blekusu (Phase Two), Apam, Axim (Phase Two), La and

29 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Teshie, Dansoman (Second Phase), Shama, Ningo-Pampram (Second Phase), Tema New Town, Writing, Takoradi and Maritime University.

30 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economic Issues Restored, Stability and Sustainability Achieved through Diversified Activities Increasing Growth and Value Added to Commodities”

Road matters

61. In February 2022, the La Beach toll road project continued. This project will increase the number of dogs passing through the Accra Tema Beach Road. In addition, a bridge involving three different heights is still being constructed at Nungua Barrier.

The La Beach highway being built

62. As part of the Government's efforts to expand the highways with the aim of providing double rows of dogs on both sides of the highway and improving safety on the highways, the Tema-Aflao and Tema-Akosombo highways were launched. Renovations to the Assin Fosu-Assin Praso highway have begun. The track is 1.2 miles long and is being expanded to accommodate two rows of dogs on either side of the track. This road passes through the town of Assin Fosu and will be converted into a four-section road. The under-rail ceiling was resumed; and the waterway between Assin Fosu and Assin Prasso was resumed.

63. Obegezi Lamptey highway fe bridge construction at Circle fe Phase II and other related works are underway. In addition, after the completion of Phase One of the Tema Motorway Ranabauti project, Phase Two, which consists of three overlapping highways, will begin.

31 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economic Issues Restored, Stability and Sustainability Achieved through Diversified Activities Increasing Growth and Value Added to Commodities”

He knew Lamptey highway paid Section

64. The main inter-provincial and inter-provincial highways commissioned in 2019 have reached various completion rates. The completed roads include:

Number | List of Projects | Nuto | Dimensions (kilometers)

1 | Osiem - Begoro Truck Road Reconstruction – Part 5 | Eastern | 24.8

2 | Upgrading Golokwati-Wli Motorway (10km-27km) | Amugã | 17.0

3 | Rehabilitation of Nsuta – Beposo Truck Road, Phase 3 | Ashanti | 7.0

4 | Upgrading of Nkonya Wrumpong – Kwamikrom Truck Road | Oti | 21.0

5 | Bawjiase - Reconstruction of part of Adeiso Highway | Titina | 15.0

6 | Potholing of the Tamale - Salaga Truck Road- Part 1 | The Desert | 25.4

32 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

65. Other truck lines under construction that have reached various final debt levels include the following:

Number | The works fe Name | Nuto | Dimensions (kilometers) | Đofe set by the project in November (%)

1 | Upgrading the Navrongo - Naga Truck Road (from 2.7 km to 42.2 km) – Phase 1 | Eastern Plain | 39.5 | 45

2 | Upgrading the Wa-Bulenga-Yaala Truck Road (from 6.0 km to 37.0 km) - Phase 1 | Western Fee Plain | 31.0 | 52

3 | Upgrading the Salaga - Ekumdipe - Kpandai Motorway (from 26.7km to 45.3km) and upgrading the Kpandai – Nkanchina Motorway (10.8km) - Phase 2 | The Desert | 29.4 | 69

4 | Upgrading the Yagaba - Mankarigu Motorway (from 12.0km to 24.0km) and upgrading the Mankarigu - Nawuni Motorway (from 0.0km to 17.5km) – Phase 4 | North East | 29.5 | 76

5 | Repaving the Daboya - Mankarigu Truck Road to make it better than ever (from | Savannah | 33.1 | 52).

33 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

| kilometer 30.0 to kilometer 63.1) – Part 5 | | |

6 | Adjustment of Atebubu – Kwame Danso Truck Roads | Bono East | 35.0 | 30

7 | Reconstruction of Anwiankwanta – Obuasi Truck Road | Ashanti | 30.0 | 90

8 | Upgrading the Nalerigu – Gbintri Truck Road (from 6.0 km to 46.0 km) – Phase 2 | North-East | 40.0 | 70

9 | Upgrade of New Abirem – Ofoasekuma Motorway (from 0.0 km to 33.2 km) – Phase 2 | Eastern | 33.2 | 99

10 | Rehabilitation of Bogoso – Insu Siding-Huni Valley Truck Road – Phase 4 | Western Price | 26.0 | 83

11 | Upgrading Sefwi Wiawso - Akontombra Truck Road (from 0.0 km to 15.0 km) - Phase 2 | Western North | 15.0 | 75

12 | Upgrading Akrodie - Sayereso Truck Road (from 0.0 km to 20.0 km) – Phase 1 | Ahafo | 20.0 | 85

13 | Repaving the Menji – Bui Truck Road to a better level (from 0.0 km to 30.0 km) - Phase 1 | Bono | 30.0 | 98.4

14 | Adjustments to selected motorways in the Greater Area | Great | 25.0 | 78

34 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Academic matters

66. As part of the Government’s commitment to ensure that schools and educational institutions have the necessary equipment for their daily activities, the Government has distributed 175 of the 66 passenger buses, 71 pickup trucks and 2 farm plows to secondary and vocational schools across the country.

67. By 2022, the Government has trained 3,724 male and 3,715 female artisans in 29 community development, crafts and technical training schools to develop their skills to create employment opportunities and reduce poverty.

68. In addition, education officers in 248 districts were trained on rural development at the Rural Development College in Kwaso to help them mobilize communities for development.

69. The Government will train 500 education officers on community development and implement new training opportunities in non-agricultural occupations such as laundry, carpentry, shoes and bag making to promote community income generation.

Health issues

70. In Ghana, malaria is one of the top ten causes of death. So as part of the Government’s efforts to eradicate malaria completely, a special software (LSM Implemented app) has been launched to enable

35 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Play Stability and Tenancy through Diversification Growth and Commodity Value”

identify and destroy mosquito breeding grounds in the regions. The clinic where healthcare professionals are trained has begun implementing diagnostic computer science and has tricked out a vehicle equipped with healthcare professionals to support the movement of healthcare professionals from place to place during patient care.

71. By 2022, Government has completed the construction of Micro Clinics in Debiso, Nsutam and Tiawia; a small community healing center was built in Konongo; The government also completed the construction of clinics and patient residences in Aflao, Elubo, Keta, Kumasi South and Sewua; and the HIV/AIDS Treatment Center and the COVID-19 Treatment Center in Korle-Bu.

72. In 2023, the Government will again continue to develop policies to guide the exodus of healthcare professionals. This will be done through the signing of agreements between the Government of Ghana and the Government of the United Kingdom.

73. Dziɖuɖua ayi edzi aɖo Dɔwɔƒe si Kpɔa Dukɔa ƒe Atikenyawo gbɔ kple Dɔwɔƒe si Kpɔa Dɔlélewo nu Tsitsi ƒe Nyawo gbɔ le Ghana la ɖe dukɔa me. In addition, the drugs used in the treatment of malaria will be launched by 2023 to reduce the number of deaths from malaria in the country.

36 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Citizens debt Security

74. In February 2022, the Government recruited 5,000 police officers for the Ghana Police Force as part of the Government's security efforts to ensure law and order in the country.

75. The Police Criminal Investigation Unit has established another unit to deal with pending investigations. The Special Anti-Robbery Police Squad has been deployed in the cities. In addition to this, Police Mobile Patrol Teams dues have also been fixed in selected major cities. Fighting and Horse Police Officers were assigned to pay duties for their duties. These new security measures are among the missions of the police that will promote the safety of citizens in the country.

76. The Government continued the implementation of Phase Three of the Compensation for Security Personnel Scheme. The program included the donation of 320 football equipment to the Ghana Police Force at the Ghana Police Force in Tesano.

77. The Government, through the National Disaster Relief Fund, supported 15,772 people affected by natural disasters.

78. In Fee 2023, the Police debt Fund will have the following functions:

• establish Riot Police Officers in 16 police districts to ensure due compliance of the public with laws and regulations and to curb riots should they arise;

• train and equip Crime Prevention Police Officers to be prepared to prevent crimes such as robbery;

37 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability through Diversified Growth and Value Added Commodities”

• afle 100 police vehicles and deploy 1,500 police officers in the districts to promote police patrols in the districts and highways in their activities to reduce theft; and

• increase the salaries of road police officers in all 18 Police Regions to ensure that drivers comply with traffic laws and regulations to reduce reckless driving and traffic accidents on our roads.

79. The Government will continue to educate the public about disaster mitigation programmes, promote earthquake awareness and establish flood evacuation complaints in selected areas and sub-areas, so that residents can quickly see the signs of natural disasters.

80. Compensation of Ghana Prison Officers will commence in 2023 in accordance with Part IV of the Compensation of Security Personnel Scheme.

Recreational activities

81. The Government will, through the Tourism Fund, actively promote Ghana in its ‘See Ghana, Eat Ghana, Wear Ghana and Spend Ghana’ advertising campaigns to encourage the use of Ghanaian products in tourism and hospitality activities.

82. The Government will work with hotel and restaurant managers to use local food and local music, use local paintings, chairs and tables and furniture to decorate their rooms with a view to reducing imports of these items in their activities.

38 | Government of Ghana – 2023 debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

83. As part of the Government's policy to promote investment in infrastructure and private sector participation in tourism development, the Ghana Tourism Authority will work with the Investment Development Authority to provide loans to citizens and foreigners who wish to invest in the construction of a recreational facility.

Exporting Goods to Rural Countries

84. In recent times, Ghana's large exports have resulted in a decline in the weight of the Ghanaian currency (Ghanaian sidi), as the amount of money flowing from the country to the country is higher than the amount of money coming into the country.

85. Under Phase 2 of the Covid-19 Debt Reduction, Tax Relief and Support Tax Scheme, the Government will support key private sector investments to promote reduced exports and increased exports of Ghanaian-made goods raise issues and further support employment, and empower them to produce these products. In addition, the Government will promote existing and future labor costs to improve and expand production routes for these selected products.

39 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Revitalize, Create Stability and Sustainability through Diversification Credit Growth and Value Added Commodities”

Men, Women and Children's Security and Social Issues

86. In February 2022, the Government, through the Ghana School Meals Scheme, provided nutritious hot meals to 3,620,468 students in public primary schools once a day during the school day. As a result, student debt figures have increased in FY 2020/2 The number of garden police debts increased by 118 percentage points, the number of primary school students increased by 40 percentage points and the number of ‘JHS’ students increased by dividends by 40 percentage points

87. The government employed 32,496 cooks, most of whom were women, to improve their income to support their families. In addition to this, the Government has also extended crop loans to farmers and is promoting public debt.

88. To ensure daily access to nutritious food for the poor, the Government has paid 344,389 poor people five times under the Poor Poverty Alleviation Scheme.

89. In February 2023, the Government will continue to provide nutritious hot meals to students once a day during school days.

40 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Revitalize, Create Stability and Sustainability through Diversification Credit Growth and Value Added Commodities”

90. The Government inaugurated the Forced Labor Relief Fund and the Terrorized Persons Debt Claims Fund and provided due care to 24 children, 46 women and 27 men affected by forced labour.

91. The Government will continue to provide for the victims of forced labor and to take measures to prevent forced labour. There will be a community discussion about the event and also a briefing for those who have played a role in forced labor recruitment.

41 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

END

92. In February 2023, the Government will continue to support employment, development, agriculture, commodity income, and private employment. Therefore, we urge all citizens to do their best and help the Government to develop Ghana so that the fruits of our efforts can be shared with everyone.

93. God Bless Our Homeland Ghana!!!

42 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Macroeconomics Revive, Play Stability and Tenancy through Diversification Growth and Product Value”

EXPLANATION OF SOME SPECIAL PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT

One Small Region One Industry Policy: The establishment of industries and industries will enable the country to move forward in terms of manufacturing and income generation. The aim of this scheme is to attract more jobs to the country to create jobs for the citizens.

Inter-African Trade: It is a trade agreement created and abolishing tariffs on inter-African trade to facilitate trade between African countries, and benefit from the growing inter-African trade.

Problem alleviation: How to alleviate a problem or suffering.

Allocation of funds and resources: The process by which the Government allocates funds and resources to government agencies.

Support Services: Support or other support services

Clothing: An assortment of clothing sold in a store.

Financial Statement: It is a statement of the amount of money coming into the country and the amount of money going out of the country during a specific period of time, such as three months or a year.

Budget: A budget is a plan, made by the Government for where, you will get money from and how you will spend the money. For example, a family can plan how much money they have and how they will spend it. (e.g. rent, latrine, water and food) If the family needs more money, it has to borrow or reduce its spending.

Deficit: This occurs when the amount spent by the Government exceeds the amount received.

Dog: A dog or something that looks like a dog

43 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Government Expenditure on Development: This is the expenditure, which the Government spends on major development projects such as roads, schools, medical bills, bridges, transportation, safe drinking water, roads and so on.

Truck stop: It is the main truck stop.

Government Employees Salaries: This comprises government employees salaries and other payments made by the Government to the government employees, payments by the Government to retired government employees, back funds, gratitude funds and so on.

Physical examination: A physical examination.

Debt and Public Debt Commodity Debt: It is the equation of liabilities with the public against the public debt commodity debt.

Depreciation: It is the depreciation of an asset over a period of time or the depreciation of a currency relative to other countries.

Development Loans: These are countries and organizations that provide assistance to other countries by providing them with funds to meet development loans. Creditors may be the father of employment debt or some countries. For example, the “International Monetary Fund” (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank (AfDB) and others. Alternatively, the Borrower may be a single country. For example, Germany, United Kingdom, United States of America (USA) and others.

End-of-Year Prices: The rate at which the prices of goods and services rise or fall regularly at the end of the year or Spring.

Excess Budget: This occurs when the budget spent by the Government exceeds the Budget approved by the Parliament.

44 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

EXIM Fund: This fund was established under Act 911 of the Export and Export Fund of Ghana enacted in February 2016 to support the Government of Ghana in ensuring the smooth running and stability of the country’s export debt as a nation four long fees.

Trade and Foreign Loans: These are commercial loans that provide support to traders who need the support to acquire goods or other services.

Financing Debt Capacity: This reflects the capacity of the Government in disbursing loans and benefits for development projects.

Financial Services: Includes accounting and reporting, maintenance of funds, investment in development projects, payment of debts, payment of employees' salaries, long-term management of assets, maintenance of financial laws and regulations, and payment of debts.

Financial Services: It is the implementation of the Government's financial and tax systems for the promotion of income, especially large income.

Fiscal Debt Pressure: It is a measure that indicates that the finance burden is pressing on the Government and needs to be supported, especially in reducing the events that have caused financial debt problems.

Free Secondary Education: The Free Secondary Education Scheme launched by the Government of Ghana under President Akufo Addo in February 2017 provides free secondary education to primary school students who pass the final examination.

45 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Create Stability and Sustainability by Diversifying Growth and Value Commodities”

Ghana Debt Interest Scheme: A two-tier scheme that is being built on the measures already being taken by the Government under the Coronavirus Debt Reduction Scheme.

Grants to the Government: These are various development grants that Taxpayers provide to the Government for its development. These costs are generally not paid by Government.

Government Funds for Government Services: This is the amount of money that the Government contributes to the District Assemblies’ Common Fund (DACF), Transport Fund, Ghana Education Trust Fund (GETFUND), Road Fund and National Health Fund and so on.

National Debt Goods Debt Future: This is the value debt of all goods and services produced in the country at a particular point in time.

State-owned foreign exchange: This refers to the country's ability to own foreign exchange for the transportation of goods and labor from foreign countries at a particular time. It is also the country’s debt capacity regarding the weight of its currency relative to other countries’ debt currencies.

Reviewed commodity price: It is the price or market depreciation of a commodity that is reviewed using a specific commodity price measure. The Employment Claims Department issues a monthly statement on the price of goods.

Substitution: It is the manufacture of goods we import from Ghana to substitute for imports rather than manufacturing and exporting the goods. This will promote domestic manufacturing debt issues.

Commodity Debt Price: The regularity with which the price of goods and services rises or falls over a period of time.

46 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economic Issues Restored, Stability and Sustainability Achieved through Diversified Activities Increasing Growth and Value Added to Commodities”

Interest: It is the fee that a borrower pays on the amount of the loan or the fee that increases in case of default.

Payment of Interest: It is the payment of principal or interest on loans or interest.

Development Program for Poverty Eradication: This program is one of the main programs of the NPP Government which aims to eradicate poverty and create inequality between the poor and the rich, especially in rural development.

Major Financial Statements Debt Objective: These are measures of financial statement debt activities. For example, economic growth, commodity prices, changes in employment rates and trade with other countries. The government owes the success or failure of the fiscal policy and other policies of the Central Bank of Ghana that affect the economy in the country.

Agreed upon arrangement: The agreed upon arrangements and activities between two individuals or entities.

Activity borrowed part: One of several activities resulting from a single activity.

Monetary policy: It is the responsibility of the national monetary policy agency to regulate short-term interest rates on loans or to withdraw money from the country, loan interest rates with the intention of keeping commodity prices low.

Microfinance Promotion Fee Scheme: Microfinance is usually a business that employs some people and has a limited amount of money.

Employment for the Unemployed: This is a program introduced by the Government of Ghana for employment of university graduates to alleviate social debt problems in the Public and Private sectors to enable them to develop their skills for the development of the national economy.

Commodity Debt Small Business Debt: This is a government debt that is not used for business purposes. This fee is in

47 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Debt Budget for Citizens

“Major Economies Recover, Play Stability and Tenancy through Diversification Growth and Commodity Value”

Under the supervision of the Ministry of Commerce and Industry. The mission of this department is to promote the growth and development of small businesses.

The National Tree Planting Scheme: It is the replacement of degraded forests with trees to encourage people to participate in the development of forest resources. The scheme aims to promote the income generation of forest-affected communities, especially the poor.

National Disaster Management Authority: It is the government agency that deals with natural disasters and other calamities in Ghana.

Uncontrolled Public Goods Pregnancy: This is a public goods concession that involves unconditional payment of the value or discount on the goods.

Non-road Growth of National Products: This is a measure of the growth of capital markets in the country without roads.

Non-Tax Revenues: This is the non-tax revenues of the Government. For example, licensing fees and public handling fees and other fees.

Outstanding Debts: This includes debts or amounts paid by the Government to government agencies through the Department of Finance and outstanding funds in FY16.

Event Outcome: It is the result of a series of events.

Retained cash or debt: This is the amount of cash or debt that remains if the Government deducts the amount of cash it has worked out from the cash on hand (excluding repayment of loans). This amount is usually measured in terms of a percentage of the country’s commodity foe.

Residual debt: It is the residual debt if the amount applied by the Government is deducted from its tax revenues, exclusive of interest paid by the Government on loans.

48 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Budget for Citizens

“Recovery, Stability and Sustainability of Major Economies through Diversified Growth and Commodity Value Addition” Wait, in "Recovery": is it Đo or Éo? In "Đo Te": The stroke goes straight through the vertical stem: it is Đ (U+0110). Wait, what about in Paragraph 4: "This program will promote grazing" -> is it Ɖ (U+0189) or Đ (U+0110)? In standard Calibri font: U+0110 (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER D WITH STROKE) has the horizontal bar crossing the stem. U+0189 (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER D) in Calibri is designated as: a D with a horizontal bar on the stem! They look almost identical or identical depending on the Unicode mapping. In Ewe, however, both are often used interchangeably. In Ghanaian publications, authors often type U+0189 or U+0 Either is acceptable, but let's check if there's any visible difference between the two occurrences: In "Restore": it's a D with a bar. In "Order": it's a D with a bar. Let's use Ɖ(U+0189) or Đ(U+0110)? In the prompt: "(ɛ o ŋ ɣ ƒ etc.)" Notice the prompt lists lowercase "ɗ" The uppercase pair is Ɖ (U+0189). Let's check if Ɖ is safe: yes, Ɖ (U+0189) is the standard English. But wait, Đ (U+0110) is also very standard. Let's use Ɖ or Đ? Let's check Unicode: Ɖ is U+0 Let's use Ɖ. Wait! Let's check: "Economic Growth: How Ghana's Economy is Expected to Grow in a Year." Paragraph 1. Paragraph 2: "Net Gross Domestic Product: The gross domestic product calculated without inflation or deduction." Paragraph 3: "Revenue of the Government: This

“Major Economies Recover, Play Stability and Tenancy through Diversification Growth and Commodity Value”

Consumption of goods and services: The amount paid by the Government for its services and services in the context of running the country.

Value Added Tax (VAT): A tax levied on goods or services.

V20: It is the serious impact of climate change on the economies of some countries.

Economic sector: The part of the various activities according to which the activities of a country's major economies are divided.

The Youth Employment and Employment Scheme: It is a program through which the Government is supporting young people aged 18-40 by providing them with employment and skills development with the intention of supporting them to set up and grow their own businesses.

Department of Youth Recruitment: This department was created by Act 887 of Fe 2015 to deal with youth recruitment and other related matters in Ghana.

50 | Government of Ghana – Debt 2023 Budget for Citizens

© 2022. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance