FREEDOM AND JUSTICE REPUBLIC OF GHANA

ASANTE TWI

2023 NATIONAL FINANCIAL PLAN

2023 Citizens Financial Plan Objectives Explained in a Short and Easy to Understand Way

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

2 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

A way for Citizens to ask questions

Details of the 2023 National Budget Statement and Citizens' Finance are available in the website below:

www.feed.gov.gh

For copies of this document, please also contact the public relations office of the Department of Finance. Their background is:

Public Relations Office

New Building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or

P. O. Box MB

Accra – Ghana

Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

Translated by: Bureau of Ghanaian Languages

3 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

4 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Content

RESPONSIBILITY OF THE PRESIDENT .................................................................................. 7

CONTENTS

REVENUE AND EXPENDITURE IN 2022.................................................................................................................13

FINANCIAL FINANCIAL PLAN STEPS FOR 2023 ............................................................................................18

DEVELOPMENT IN THE INSTITUTIONS AND CURRENT SITUATION...............................................................................................23

CONCLUSION………………………………………………………………………………………………42

DEFINITION OF TERMS (FINANCIAL SYSTEM TERMS)...........................43

Types of Tables:

Table 1: Revenue from January-February 2022, page

Table 2: Financial performance from January-March

Table 3: National debt ratio (2018 – Debt, 2022)

Table 4: 2023 Costs (in GH¢ Million) ……………………21

Table 5: Cash distribution in 2023 (in GH¢ Million) …………………22

5 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

“Now due to volatile oil prices and continuous decline in our currency weight due to higher international coal prices, we are in a very difficult situation. After all, we will not give up.

6 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE PRESIDENT

This year will undoubtedly be the year this country went through the best recession in our history. As in many countries around the world, the pandemic COVID-19 hit us in the first half of 2020 causing a financial crisis thereby reducing revenue to the public exchequer and also incurring unexpected costs to fight this pandemic.

Just as we started the Positive Change Plan and thought we were now trying to recover from the effects of this pandemic, other crises hit, causing all the economic stability we had compared well from 2017 to 2019 to collapse. The first was the Russia-Ukraine war, the next was the time we wasted on the approval of the 2022 budget, which led to the international lenders declaring us ineligible to lend. Then, about ten years ago, suddenly the International Credit Union refused to lend to us, the credit situation in this country itself became so troubled that interest rates soared and therefore the cost of borrowing increased, causing our weight to decline.

This means that while foreign exchange earnings from the international credit market and exports are declining, and then due to our high demand for foreign goods, imports are also increasing, and our foreign debt is increasing, our currency weight is decreasing. This has made life difficult for both Government and individuals. The continuing rise in coal prices has therefore led to a strong inflation rate in the month of August 2022, with inflation reaching 40.4% in October 2022.

We have been through a very severe test and the Government knows the hardship this situation has put on you. The government offers deep gratitude to the groups

7 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

political leaders including the following: Legislators, Business Associations, Trade Unions, Social Welfare Associations, Religious Associations, Ghana Chambers of Commerce, Ghana Chambers of Commerce, Academia, Professionals and the public who still have faith in us as we continue to seek the end of these difficulties.

On behalf of President Nana Addo Danquah Akuffo-Addo, I assure all Ghanaians that the Government is taking measures to strengthen the underpinnings of the economy and revive the economy, raise funds, implement public sector reform measures, expand foreign investment and service opportunities we have increased our exports, expanded our domestic manufacturing sector to produce some of our imports in the country, and protected the poor and marginalized.

The experience we have gained from the current situation has taught us that it is imperative that we make changes to transform this country’s economy and make it sustainable forever. We will get back on our feet. The Lord will be with us and give us the strength to take this step.

God bless us!

And Ofori-Atta

Minister of Finance

8 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

INTRODUCTION

1. The 2023 Citizens Budget is a summary of the Government's performance in 2022 and the amount of money the Government expects to raise in 2023 to implement its policies and activities. The theme of this Citizens Economic Plan is "Working together to revitalize and stabilize the National Economy with Growth and Trade”.

2. Over the years, almost every new Budget we develop, we set new development projects in it, ignoring what is going on. Not only is that situation causing hardship to our economy but it has also caused this country to continue to pay for development which has led to a huge increase in development costs because the interest rate on the deferred debt is also high.

3. In 2023, the Government will implement other programs and programmes, but we will ensure that it is our priority to complete all the ongoing development projects.

9 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

AS THE NATIONAL ECONOMY DOES IN

As was the basis of State economic development

4. In the Mid-Year Fiscal Policy Review, the Government set the target of achieving the following national fiscal growth targets by 2022:

i. Overall Real GDP growth of 3.7 percent;

ii. The country’s exports excluding Coal rose by four per cent after three quarters (Non-Oil Real GDP Growth rate of to 4.3 per cent);

iii. End-period inflation of 28.5 percent;

iv. Overspending- six percent and beyond (Overall fiscal deficit of 6.6 percent of GDP);

v. The amount of money that should remain in our coffers - zero percent and four percent of GDP (Primary surplus of 0.4 percent of GDP); then

vi. Foreign Currency The amount of orders we need is about three and a half months.

5. The National Economic Standards Report for January to the end of March 2022 shows that the impact of the crisis around the world and in this country continues to affect the public. The sources of this situation are the continuous decline in the weight of the country’s currency, inflation, the debt that is engulfing the country, the poor monetary policy and the also poor foreign exchange. All these have created problems for us regardless of the policies put in place by the Government. The report on this country’s fiscal standards from January to March in 2022 is as follows:

i. The country's total exports grew by 4 percent in the first six months of 2022 compared to 3 percent and 9 percent in the same period in 2021;

10 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

ii. Inflation-inflation ranged from 33.9 percent in August and 37.2 percent in September to 40.4 percent in October 2022 with the source increased prices of food and other commodities;

iii. The overall budget deficit on cash basis was 7.4 percent of GDP against the target of 6.2 percent of GDP, and the primary deficit was percent of GDP) which was also a target of 1 percent (against a target of a deficit of 1 percent of GDP). The reason we overspent was that we paid off a lot of debt that was outstanding from 2021 and also many years ago and the current times;

iv. The State debt as a percentage of total imports is seventy-five percent and above nine percent in April 2022, compared to seventy-six percent and above seven percent in February 2021, due to the impact of our declining currency;

V. The amount of Foreign Exchange reserved by the country reached US$591 million at the end of January with a purchase capacity of two months and nine days in 2022 and US$965 million and a post at the end of February 2021 with a purchase capacity of four and three months; then now

vi. The strength of the Ghanaian currency against the US dollar declined by 54 per cent to two points from just one positive quarter at the end of November 2021. Similarly, the strength of the Ghanaian currency to the English currency fell by 48 per cent to two points

11 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

five which was only three per cent and one back plot by the end of February in

12 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

REVENUE AND EXPENDITURE FOR

6. For six months in 2022, we carried out Economic Policy Reforms through monetary policy because the world economy and the domestic economy were in turmoil.

7. The report on the Government's fiscal measures from January to March 2022 shows that the revenue of the government has declined sharply but the use of funds has continued to decline over the same period.

MONEY INTO THE NATIONAL EXCHANGE

8. The amount of revenue received and allocated to the country reached GH¢65,399 million - 11.0 percent of GDP, with a target of GH¢65,399 million - 11.0 percent of GDP eleven and a half million (GH¢67,307 - 11.4 percent of GDP) and compared to the same period in 2021, we received forty-nine, one hundred and eight million which is ten percent of the total domestic product and seven percent (GH¢49,108 million (10.7 percent of GDP).

9. Compared to the target, the actual funds declined by GH¢1,909 million or 2.8 percent and the economy grew by 33.2 percent. The failure to receive this amount is due to the failure to receive the various funds due to the various branches of the country.

10. The cash inflows from January to the end of March 2022 are shown in percentage terms in Table

13 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Table 1: Cash inflows from January-February

Non-Oil Non-TaxRevenue 10%

Money afodor, 7%

Oil and Gas.

Cash gift, 1%

Non-Oil Tax Revenue, 68%

WORK WITH MONEY

11. The Government's expenditure including existing and other debt reached GH¢109,421 million -18.5 percent of GDP, exceeding the figure of GH¢109,421 million -18.5 percent of GDP (GH¢103,992 million) which is seventeen percent of gross domestic product and six times (17.6 percent of GDP) which is five percent and two times above our target amount. The source of the slightly higher operating expenses was Interest and Payments to various Government Entities.

14 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

12. The financial activities described in Table

Table 2: Financial performance from January-February

Mpontunnwu gives 10% of the money

Funding for Government Services 16%

Interest-payment 29%

Other program fees 7%

Miscellaneous debts 9%

Small amount 0%

Compensation of Employees 25%

Merchandise and gift fees 4%

MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL SERVICES

13. The Government's financial performance during the period in question was such that we exceeded our targets. Our surplus amounted to GH¢44,022 million - 7.4% of GDP against the target of GH¢44,022 million - 7.4% of GDP (GH¢36.684 million - 6.2% of GDP). We got most of the money we needed to test our money from this country. Foreign debt also paid by us amounted to six, six hundred and thirty one million which is one percent of gross domestic product and one percent (GH¢6,531 million - 1.1% of GDP).

National Debt In 2022

14. Current data shows that by the end of April 2022, the total debt of the country reached GH¢467,371.32 million to the US currency ((US$48,871.34 million) which is 100 percent of total domestic sales

15 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

seventy-five percent of GDP and 75.9 percent of GDP. The debt of this country consists of domestic debt and foreign debt. The country’s domestic debt is GH¢195,657.61 million which is 31.8 percent of GDP and the country’s foreign debt is GH¢195,657.61 million seventy-one pounds (GH¢271,713.71 million) which is forty-four percent of the country’s total trade and one pound (44.1 percent of GDP).

15. The increase in the domestic debt of the country was due to the increase in interest rates on loans, while the foreign debt was mainly due to the decrease in the weight of the country's currency.

Table 3: National debt ratio (2018 – Debt, 2022)

External Debt Domestic Debt Total Public Debt Rate of Debt Accumulation Total Debt/GDP 467.4 400.0 352.1 195.7 291.6 Stock of Debt (in billions of GH¢) 112.7 86.2 - 2018 2019 2020 2021 Sept. 2022

Source of this report: Ministry of Finance (MoF)

16 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Estimated 2023 stability of State finances

16. As a result of the Forward Economic Policy Objectives Strategy, the Government aims to achieve the following Economic Growth Framework in the short term (2023-2026):

i. Four per cent of the total exports of this country and three per cent;

ii. Four per cent of the country's exports excluding Coal;

iii. Year-end commodity-price-increase of eight per cent which may increase or decrease by 2 per cent;

iv. The amount of money that should affect our coffers is at least one percent of total domestic consumption and beyond three percent in the period ahead (2023-2026); then now

v. Foreign Currency Quantity to be received for orders approximately four months.

17. In view of the basic economic growth objectives and the recent budget objectives, we have set the following sustainability targets to be achieved by 2023:

i. Two per cent and eight per cent of the total exports of this country;

ii. Three per cent of the country's exports excluding Coal;

iii. Seventeen percent inflation at the end of February and nine percent;

iv. At least the amount that should affect our treasury is zero percent and seven percent of total domestic sales; then

v. Foreign Currency Quantity to be received for orders exceeding three months and three days.

17 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

FINANCIAL 2023 FINANCIAL STEPS

Financial Planning

18. In order to strengthen the fiscal measures, the Government will present a fiscal policy at 1.35 percent of GDP to this Parliament for consideration and approval. Some of the plans are as follows:

• Change taxes on cigarettes and tobacco products to bring them into line with ECOWAS tax systems, and reduce taxes on alcoholic beverages to exceed those of beer brands.

• Increase the Value Added Tax (VAT) rate from 12.5 per cent to 15 per cent and expand the VAT rate on goods, taking steps to eliminate VAT.

• Replace the National Fiscal Stabilization Levy (NFSL) with the Growth and Sustainability Levy (GSL)to address all the issues.

• Reduce the Electronic Transfer Levy from 1.5 per cent to 1 per cent and eliminate fraudulent transactions.

• Other policies are as follows:

○ Will sell the so-called 5G Electromagnetic Spectrum;

○ Ensure that turnover taxes are paid;

○ Take steps along the coal field (“Jubilee Field”) through Additional Oil Entitlement (AEO); and then

18 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

o We have changed the income tax rate so that the income that has not yet reached the hands, and reduced the tax, is received by the person.

How to Use Money

19. Following the fiscal plan, the Government will take the following fiscal policy steps to support economic growth:

• Increase the monthly payment of Livelihood Assistance Against Poverty (LEAP) from Ghs45 to Ghs90, and increase the number of beneficiaries from 344,1 These changes will increase the 2022 LEAP budget from Ghs197.5 million to Ghs395 million;

• Increase the fees paid to school cooks for the additional fee so it has reached Ghs138 million,

• Continue to increase the salaries of the President, Vice-President, Deputy Governors, Deputy Governors, City, Town, and Sub-District Governors, and others entrusted with special Government functions, including the heads of State Owned Enterprises;

• Reduce the income tax rate from the current 25 percent to 17 percent;

• By the end of 2023, we will deduct all funds we deduct for certain projects from the General Financial Management and Reporting System (GIFMIS) and ensure that they are adopted through the General Financial Management and Reporting System (GIFMIS).

19 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

has taken all the steps of finance and spending.

• Establish a system whereby each year the salary increase of State owned enterprises (SOEs) does not exceed the so-called “Single Spine” salary system;

2023 Fundraising

20. By 2023, the Government’s target to raise funds from budgets and grants is GH¢143,956 million (18.0% of GDP) and all of this will be a source of income which will be permanent-mainly the tax system - and the price will serve one percent of the value of all domestic goods beyond thirty-five percent(1.35 percent of GDP. ).

21. The total value of the domestic currency and cash gifts to be collected will be GH¢141,552, reflecting an annual budget deficit of forty-six percent, higher than the 2022 target. The total amount of travel aid cash gifts is GH¢2,403 million (the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) fell five percentage points (0.5% of GDP).

20 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Table 4: 2023 Costs (in GH¢ Million)

Money gifts | GH¢2,4

Other currencies | GH¢6,1

Fango new | GH¢23,4

Non-coal and non-taxable income | GH¢12,308

Non-coal tax revenue | GH¢99,639

Income in this country | GH¢141,553

The amount of money we earn and cash gifts | GH¢143,956

Source of this report: Ministry of Finance (MoF)

How We Divide Money in 2023

22. The expected amount of expenditure (including debt) will be Ghana Shillings 205,431, which is twenty-five per cent of the total value of goods in the country. Compared to the expectations for 2022, these figures show that primary expenditure declined by three percentage points (responsible) and this reflects the Government's commitment to take positive steps to stabilize the country's economy. The 2023 budget is summarized in Table

21 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Table 5: Cash distribution in 2023 (in GH¢ Million)

Debt to pay GH¢14,435

Other activities cost GH¢27,636

Funding for government projects GH¢30,079

Interest-payment GH¢52,550

Door works cost GH¢27,6

Merchandise and accessories GH¢8,0

Staff salary GH¢44,990

Program budget amount GH¢205,432

Source of this report: Ministry of Finance (MoF)

Fundamentals of Economic Policy and Types of Economic Management 2023

23. In terms of amount of revenue and disbursement,(including all debt payable) the total figure is up to Ghana Shillings Sixty One Million, Forty Seventy Five Million ( GH¢61,475 million), which is seven per cent and beyond seven per cent of the total domestic value Ghana stands at GH¢8,925 million, which is one percent and 1.1 times the value of the country’s total exports.

24. We will obtain the remaining funds through various means, including foreign and domestic. Other sources of funding from our International (multilateral) and bilateral cooperation with a State will depend on the level of cooperation with the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

22 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

PROGRESS IN THE INSTITUTIONS AND CURRENT STATE OF THINGS

25. This section reflects the efforts of the Government in relation to the government flagship projects launched in various institutions in 2022 and the planned activities to be implemented in

26. All these activities and measures are based on the Government’s Medium-Term National Development Policy Framework, 2022-2 These activities are aimed at helping the Government achieve the Ghana COVID 19 and Private Sector Stimulus Assistance (Ghanacares) objectives in line with the UN Agenda 2030, SDG’s and the African Union Goals (African Union Agenda 2063).

27. This section reflects the Government's commitment to various areas and Institutions of this State in 2022 and the role it will play in

Food Security

28. The Government's objective of increasing the value of tree crops has therefore provided farmers with access to 2.7 million small trees by 2022 during the agricultural season.

29. Based on the Rearing for Food and Jobs module, Government procured 120,000 hens for distribution to 1000 women poultry farmers in nine MMDAs namely (Savelugu, Sagnarigu, Wa Municipal, Nandom, Sissala East, Krachi East, Roads South, Techiman North and Nkoranza). The government also provided each of the farmers with a battery-powered Poultry farm

23 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

use (120-capacity poultry battery cage) to house the chickens.

30. In addition, we purchased 3,750 small ruminants and distributed them to forty-five farmers' livestock farms to reduce their livelihood problems.

31. By 2023, the Government will ensure the cultivation and distribution of 5.65million tonnes of cashew, shea, coconut, oil palm, mango, and rubber, sufficient to provide for 175,000 farmers ( 175,000).

32. By 2022, the Government completed 65 warehouses under the “One District One Warehouse” program thereby adding 80,000 metric tons to the national capacity to store rice-like food, to eliminate wasteful harvesting farmers have received the benefits of their labor.

33. By 2023, the Government will complete the third phase of the Tamne field-irrigation project, drilling dams in Sunyeri, Tousal/Jeyiri, Tasundo and Gilang and drilling field irrigation wells in other possible areas Vunania and Gilang.

He has made a step towards unmixed soil

34. Due to the recent rise in prices of inorganic fertilizers due to the global crisis, the Government has reduced the shareholding of inorganic fertilizer traders to prevent the quantity required from being sold. These steps have helped to boost agriculture, eradicate hunger.

24 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

35. In 2023, the Government will receive assistance from the EXIM bank for the construction of additional, re-expansion of existing land development centres.

36. By 2022, the Government, under the Aquaculture for Food and Jobs (AFJ) programme, established 124 holding facilities- 108 ponds and 16 cages, for Seventeen thousand, four hundred and sixty (17, 460,) fish food bags were returned to twenty-five streams and reservoirs. In addition, we provided training to 294 people on good farming practices and 408 fish farmers on fish feed production in the country.

37. By 2023, the Government will provide some groups with access to 300 earthen ponds, 40 cages, 52 tarpaulin tanks and return 35,000 fish feed bags, koobi (tilapia) and 3 million catfish for them.

Coconut Management

38. In the coconut sector, we employed 147,000 youth in various activities such as rehabilitation, replanting, mass spraying, fertilizer application, and mass pruning of coconut trees the edge of the big city tour.

25 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

39. In 2023, the Government will continue these activities, thereby creating jobs, consolidating the existing ones, thereby reducing the responsibility of the government for the lack of jobs.

Firepower

40. In order to mitigate the loss of electricity during the transmission of electricity to critical areas and to improve the quality of the transmission line, we completed the 161kV Volta-Achimota-Mallam Transmission Line Upgrade.

41. In order to have electricity in all parts of the country by 2024, in January 2022, we cut off 157 communities from the National Electricity Bill thereby reducing the electricity coverage in the country by 87.03% from 2021 onwards to one hundred and eighty-eight pounds fifty-four (88.54%).

42. In line with the Government's objective of providing electricity to islands with difficult access, we have started the construction of three power plants in Azizkpe, Aflive and Alorkpem in Ada East District of Nkran State.

43. By 2023, the Government will thereby complete the preparations for the Nkran-Kumasi electricity and Western electricity maintenance projects and restore assistance

26 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

project titled “Government Solar Electricity Program “has begun.

44. Based on the programs named “SHEP-4”, “SHEP-5” and “Turkey project”, the Government will extend electricity to some four hundred (400) more villages by 2023. Several towns in Ahafo, Asante, Bono, Atifi, and North Eastern States will receive some. The Government will start distributing all-in-one solar street lighting to the Cities, Towns, and States.

27 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Employment Policy

45. By August 2022, the Youth Employment Agency, based on its various branches, had recruited a population of 80,7

46. ​​In 2022, the Government took the following steps through the National Alternative Employment and Livelihood Program (NAELP);

• Repaired degraded lands, replanted trees on 645 hectares of land thereby creating 2,300 job opportunities.; and then

• Sowed 20 million tree seeds in support of the plantation development program thereby providing permanent and casual jobs to 80,071 youths in Akotom, Adinkra, Techire, Akwatiakwaso, Fufuo and Hohoe.

47. In 2023, the Government will also continue to:

• Plant trees to rehabilitate 1000 hectares of degraded land in specific areas, print millions of income generating trees such as cucumber, apple, citrus and mango to help accelerate plantation development to replace felled trees;

• Open 10 small tree printing plants to provide employment to 100,000 people; and then

• Provide training on mine health, safety standards and procedures to approximately 20,000 current galamsey producers and recipients and 200 small-scale mining companies

28 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

new and efficient mining operations.

29 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

You-Start Program (YouStart)

48. It is the Government’s vision that by 2022-2025 it will provide interest-free youth loans through the “you-start-up programme”, to create one million jobs.

YOU START

The chances of a youth-led start-up business getting support are low.

It's time to make a difference with YouStart initiative

THE WORLD BANK NEIP

49. This three-year program has supported seventy youth-led enterprises (under 40 years and Small Medium Enterprises ,SMEs) to access assistance such as capacity building, access to markets, labor compliance and trade compliance.Money the amount we have distributed in this project is one million Ghanaian shillings, ninety-eight thousand (GH¢1.98 million).

50. The Government and the National Association of Banks of Ghana (GAB) and eleven (11) commercial banks have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on the Youstart programme. In this regard, eleven banks have contributed GH¢1.169 billion, representing 30 percent of the budget for the project.

30 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Ghana The role of Crops to mitigate the impact of climate change

51. In 2022, based on the program entitled” Ghana Seedling Day”, we distributed 26.55 million seedlings and 24.44 million of them have been printed. In addition, we distributed 12.9 million small trees including ofram, emire, wawa, coconut, teak, cedrela, gmelina, cassia, eucalyptus and mahogany for planting.

Ghana Green Ghana Day

52. Based on the National Tree Program, we planted a total of eleven thousand six hundred and ninety-two (11,692ha) hectares of trees which was less than the 17,000ha we intended to plant.

53. By 2023 Ghana Tree Day, we will plant twenty million small trees.

54. Due to the negative impacts of Global warming on health, food and the economic growth of countries already affected by that warming such as Ghana has caused a serious problem for the world economy. A report has fallen on what has been dubbed the V20 Loss and Damage report

31 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

(the “V20 Loss and Damage Report) states that from 2000 to 2019, Ghana alone lost $15,200,001,695 ($15,200,001,695) due to the impacts of climate change.

55. The Government will continue to promote drought resistant crop varieties, thereby supporting drought resilience programmes, and investing in irrigation infrastructure across the State, and encouraging mass participation in livestock farming to improve their economic base against climate change no.

Water and Ahonnidie

56. In 2022, we implemented the Five Districts Water Supply Scheme in Firaw District (Third 3), also known as the STRABAG Water Project which supplies tap water to the South; Agotime-Ziope; Central Tongue; Ho West and Tongu North districts to 95 per cent. Once all the projects are completed, 424 communities and 234,000 people will benefit.

57. The Government continued to implement Coastal Protection Works to protect coastal communities from high waves, re-use the public from wave hazards, improve livelihoods, and protect property. Ongoing coastal wave protection projects in the following various areas have reached the percentage levels we have ranked. Dansoman (Ninety-seven percent) (97%), Komenda (Ninety-five percent) (95%), Elmina (third category- Ninety-two percent) (92%), Cape Coast -Eighty percent) (80%) and Anomabu- Seventy-five percent (75%), Dixcove- Percent forty percent (40%) Animals -second category -Hundred

32 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

of Forty-five percent (45%) and Ningo-Prampram -Fifty percent (50%).

58. In 2023, Government will continue the various projects it has started, and then launch other Coastal Protection Projects at Blekusu (Phase 2), Apam, Axim (Phase 2), La and Teshie, Dansoman (Phase 2), Shama, Ningo-Prampram (Project 2), Tema New Town, Anloga, Takoradi and Maritime University Coastal Protection Projects.

Lore Road

59. In 2022, we are continuing to work on the La Beach Road which includes the Nkran Tema Beach Road Rehabilitation and Nungua Barrier Road Expansion Bridge.

The Beach Road Completion Project

60. In view of the Government's vision of making truck roads safer for road safety, the government has initiated the construction of the following trunk roads: Tema – Aflao, Tema – Akosombo roads; is repairing the Assin Fosu – Assin Praso roads by which the number of Assin Fosu town roads will be increased by one kilometer to two plots (1.2km) of the bridges, railway underpass and the rehabilitation of the Assin Fosu and Assin Praso town rivers.

33 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

61. We lay the second phase of Obegezi Lamptey's former street handshake and its renovation. Also now that we have completed the first phase of the first Tema Motorway, the second phase with the internal works and the bridge works will start.

You will know the second part of the Lamptey road

62. The intra- and inter-provincial road projects that we launched in 2019 have each reached a steady pace. Our conclusions are as follows:

Sn. | Program name | Mantam | Length (km)

1 | Osiem - Begoro road maintenance- team 5 | Eastern | 24.8

2 | Golokwati-Wli road crossing (km10-km27) | Pharaoh, | 17.0

3 | Water – Beposo, in the square group 3 | Ashanti | 7.0

4 | Enchantment Wrumpong – Kwamikrom Repair | Oti | 21.0

5 | Bawjiase - Processing car | in the middle | 15.0

6 | Tamale - Salaga Road - road sand group 1 | Atifi | 25.4

34 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

63. Types of truck routes whose use has increased include:

Sn. | Function name | Mantam | Length (km) | Percentage (%)

1 | Navrongo - Naga road improvement (2.7 km - 42.2 km) - Lot 1 | Northeast | 39.5 | 45

2 | Wa-Bulenga-Yaala Road (Km 6.0- km 37.0) - group 1 | Northwest | 31.0 | 52

3 | Salaga - Ekumdipe - Kpandai road rehabilitation (Km 26.7 - km 45.3) and Kpandai - Nkanchina road(10.8km) - group 2 | Atifi | 29.4 | 69

4 | Yagaba - Mankarigu road rehabilitation (Km 12.0 - km 24.0) and Mankarigu - Nawuni road rehabilitation (Km 0.0 – km 17.5) - group 4 | Northeast | 29.5 | 76

5 | Daboya - Mankarigu road rehabilitation (Km 30.0 - km 63.1) - group 5 | Savanna | 33.1 | 52

6 | Atebubu – Kwame Danso road maintenance | Bono East | 35.0 | 30

7 | Anwiankwanta – Obuasi road rehabilitation | Ashanti | 30.0 | 90

8 | Nalerigu – Gbintri road rehabilitation (Km 6.0 – km 46.0) - group 2 | Northeast | 40.0 | 70

9 | New Abirem – Ofoasekuma Road (0.0 km - 33.2 km) - group 2 | Eastern | 33.2 | 99

10 | Bogoso – Insu Siding-Huni Valley road rehabilitation - group 4 | Western | 26.0 | 83

11 | Sefwi Wiawso - Accounting Road Construction (Km 0.0 - km 15.0) - group 2 | Northwest | 15.0 | 75

12 | Akrodie - Sayereso Road Construction (Km 0.0 - km 20.0) - Lot 1 | Ahafo | 20.0 | 85

13 | Menji – Bui road maintenance (Km 0.0 – km 30.0) - group 1 | Bono | 30.0 | 98.4

14 | Nkran County specific road maintenance | Nkran | 25.0 | 78

35 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Book

64. With the Government objective of providing all schools and Education offices with the necessary equipment for their operations, the Government procured 66-seater Buses, 71 Pick-Ups and 2 Tractors for distribution to Senior High Schools and Technical and Vocational Education and Training Institutes (in this State).

65. By 2022, the Government through 29 Community Development and Vocational Technical Institutes trained 3,724 men and 3,715 women in crafts to upgrade their skills to create or open their own businesses has reduced poverty.

66. In addition, we trained 248 community educators in community development and social security skills at Kwaso Community Development College to gain skills to mobilize communities to take development initiatives.

67. By 2023, the Government will train 500 Community Educators in Social Protection and Community Development and restructure completely new training in non-agricultural employment opportunities such as soap making, or kentenwono and animal leather

36 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

manufacturing (leather works) to help improve communities for income generation.

Exercise

68. Influenza continues to be among the ten leading causes of death in Ghana. This is why in order to eradicate influenza the Government has introduced a device called “LSM Implement app” which can pinpoint where mosquitoes are breeding for burning in different States. The Ho Teaching Hospital has also introduced CT-Scan and endoscopy equipment, as well as a mobile clinic van to travel around the country to provide treatment.

69. By 2022, Government completed the following projects: Community hospitals in (CHPS compounds) Debiso, Nsutam, and Tiawia; County hospital in Konongo; treatment and holding centers in Aflao, Elubo, Keta, Kumasi South, and Sewua; and Fevers Unit and COVID-19 Isolation Center in Korle Bu.

70. In 2023, government will continue to improve the export of health workers by concluding the Memorandum of Understanding with the United Kingdom.

71. The Government will continue its work with the National Vaccine Institute and Ghana .Also by 2023, it will ensure the introduction of influenza vaccine thereby reducing the mortality rate in this Country.

Human Protection

72. By 2022, Government recruited five thousand (5,000) personnel in the Ghana Police Service in line with its target of providing

37 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

security personnel have been increased to help maintain law and order.

73. The Police Department heard from the so-called “Cold Cases Unit” of the Criminal Investigations Department (CID), for the Anti-Armed Robbery Taskforce (AATF), heard of a section in which officers rob motorcycles in cities in certain sizes, (Motorbike Patrol Unit), they started a part of the project that goes to corruption (Police Mounted Squadron and a Canine (K-9).

74. Government continued the implementation of the third phase of the security Housing program through which 320 police Service buildings will be constructed at the Ghana National Police Training School, Tesano.

75. The Government through the National Disaster Management Organization (NADMO) provided assistance to 15,772 disaster victims.

76. In 2023, the Police Commission will have the following functions:

• Establish some of the so-called “Formed Police Units” (FPUs) in the sixteen Police Districts to strengthen laws and regulations to reduce mass violence;

• Further train, re-equip Crime Combat and Action Units to help combat murder such as armed robbery;

38 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

• Deploy 1,500 police officers to patrol 100 vehicles in communities and on the streets to curb gun theft; and then

• Open some of the traffic control branches in all seventeen police districts to help reduce traffic accidents, improve the safety of roads and eliminate accidents.

77. The Government will continue the National Disaster Mitigation Education Programme, intensify earthquake warning activities, and establish early warning systems for floods in certain provinces and territories, so that disasters can be detected early.

78. The fourth phase of the Security Services Housing Program (Phase IV of the Security Services Housing Programme) will commence in 2023 for the Ghana Prisons Service.

Tour

79. The Government shall, through the Ghana Tourism Authority (GTA), based on the 'See Ghana', 'Eat Ghana', 'Wear Ghana' and 'Feel Ghana' programs promote the need for a we need to buy Ghanaian products.

80. The Government and hotel owners and chefs shall cooperate to sell local food and beverages, decorate the premises with local art, furniture and institutions to meet the needs of imported goods in their operations.

81. In view of Government policy regarding investment in infrastructure and private promotion of tourism destinations

39 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Therefore, the Ghana Tourism Authority and the Ghana Investment Promotion Center (GIPC) will implement a program to attract domestic and foreign investment in the tourism sector.

Export Steps

82. In recent times, the increase in the amount of foreign goods imported into the country has weakened the weight of Ghana's currency for the economy, undermining the value of foreign trade.

83. In Phase 2 of Ghana covid 19 Eradication and Private Enterprise Stimulus Assistance Programme, the Government will assist private enterprises in specific areas to develop products that can replace orders, separate exports, and develop infrastructure to support businesses to produce those products. To this end, the Government will coordinate with existing and newly emerging industries to expand, rehabilitate and re-use facilities that will serve the specific target market.

Women And Men, Children And Life Protection

84. By 2022, the Government provided 3,620,468 pupils in 10,832 public basic schools through the Ghana School Feeding Program (GSFP).

40 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

a good nutrient-packed meal once a day. This resulted in an increase in the number of children attending schools at (primary) KG, Primary and JHS levels for the 2020/21 school year. Primary School increased by 118 per cent, Primary by 40 per cent and Adantam School by 72 per cent.

85. Thirty-two thousand, four hundred and ninety-six (32,496) female caterers (caterers) and cooks (cooks) were recruited by the Government as their income would be sufficient to support their families. Again Government opened up farm procurement opportunities to farmers thereby stabilizing their economy.

86. In order to achieve the goal of providing nutritious food to the individual, the Government paid five times the Livelihood Empowerment Against Poverty (LEAP) funds to 344,389 different fiduas.

87. By 2023, the Government will continue to provide pupils with healthy, nutritious meals every school day.

88. Trafficking (HT) and Trauma-Informed Care Center Workplace clothing provided treatment to twenty-four children, forty-six adult women and twenty-seven adult men who had been trafficked and traumatized.

89. The Government will continue to provide appropriate crisis care to survivors of trafficking, and to develop anti-trafficking measures, community control and reorganize activities to focus anti-trafficking agencies on the problem of trafficking.

41 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

END

90. By 2023, the Government will continue to support the Livestock Sectors, ensuring the development of development, agriculture, horticulture and handicrafts. Therefore, we request all citizens to participate in this nation building process while we are taking this step so that we can all reap the fruits of our labor together.

91. God bless the Nation of Ghana!!!

42 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

DEFINITION OF TERMS (FINANCIAL SYSTEM TERMS)

One District One Farm (1D1F): This is the opening of various farms in the districts to improve farming in Ghana. The aim is to increase employment in the country and create jobs for Ghanaians in all parts of the country.

African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA): This is a major forum for African Manufacturing Companies to export their goods to African countries without paying any trade duties and take advantage of the vast market here in Africa.

Alleviation: This is a process of mitigating the effects of a problem.

Allocation: This is the process of allocating public funds to the various Government agencies and departments for public use.

Ancilliary: This is an aid or accessory that helps to improve a situation.

Apparel: A specific piece of clothing or clothing sold in a store.

Balance of Payments: This is a statement or account of trade between a country and other countries of the world during a specific period of time, for example, every three months of the year or even throughout the year.

Budget: A budget represents a plan made by the Government on how to raise money and what to do with that money. For example, a family can create a budget by determining the amount of money they have and the order in which the money needs to be spent. It could be rent, water and electricity bills and food bills) If they need more money, the family will have to seek more money or even go into debt.

43 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Budget deficit: This occurs when the Government's expenditure exceeds the actual receipts.

Like a Dog (Canine): Pertaining to or like a dog.

Capital Expenditure: This is the expenditure on capital expenditure such as roads, schools, hospitals, landfills, transportation, water, main centers and so on.

Carriageway: A portion of a carriageway that is accessible to vessels.

Compensation of Employees: This consists of monthly salary, various funds, social security, travel allowance etc. paid to Government employees.

Endoscopy: This is an examination of the body.

Debt-to-GDP ratio: This is the economic position that appears when we compare the debt of a country with the value of gross domestic product to determine the relative position of the country.

Depreciation: This is the decrease in the value of an asset over a period of time or the depreciation of a country’s currency compared to other countries.

Development Partners: These represent Countries or agencies that help developing Countries achieve their development goals. This could be some groups like International Monetary Fund- IMF,World Bank, African Development Bank and so on. !can also be some individual countries like Germany, English Rice, United States, and so on.

44 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

End Year Inflation: This is the level of inflation in a $penny month in a particular year.

Expenditure Overrun: This occurs when the expenditure of various expenditures exceeds the budget allocation approved by the legislature.

Export-Import Bank (EXIM - Export-Import) Bank: The Ghana Export-Import Bank (GEXIM) is a bank established in the country in 2016 by the Ghana Export-Import Bank Act 2016 - Act 911 to assist the government in trade export trade has been established.

Export Trade Houses (ETH): These are some of the trade houses that help companies that need help and knowledge in foreign trade about how to get a product from abroad or export a product.

Fiscal Deficit: This is a basis for a country to borrow for use including interest-payments on loans.

Fiscal Operations: These include accounting and reporting, budgeting, financial management, payments, payroll, property, management and payments.

Fiscal Policy: This is the way government spends money and tax policies that help to underpin the basis or factors of economic growth.

45 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Fiscal Stress: This is a condition or measure of the extent to which a county is in financial distress or distress that requires the State to provide special assistance to prevent the same county from doing what it wants.

Fa-me-kwa Secondary School (FREE SHS): This Fa-me-kwa Secondary School is a new Government initiative launched by the government of President Nana Akuffo-Addo in April 2017 that every JHS student who passes the examination will get free admission to Secondary School.

Ghana Cares Programme: This program has two programs that are a continuation of the various steps already taken by the Government on the Coronavirus Impact Prevention Programme.

Grants: These are types of financial assistance provided by Travel Assistants to the Government that are not payable by the Government.

Grants to other Government Units: This represents the amounts that are required by law to be paid into the District Legislative Fund “DACF”, Road Fund “Road Fund”, Education Fund “GETFUND”, Petroleum Related Fund and National Health Fund in the 19th century.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): This refers to the value of all the goods produced in the country during a given period.

Gross International Reserves:This is a measure of the extent of the purchasing power of a country’s economy at a particular point in time. This helps to compare the budget of one country with that of another country by seeing the economic strength of the country.

46 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Headline Inflation: This is the headline inflation report from the Consumer Inflation Index published monthly by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.

Import Substitution: This is a method of producing goods in the country to replace certain imports rather than producing goods for export and through this domestic production improves the domestic economy.

Inflation: This represents the increase in the prices of services and goods over a period of time.

Interest cost: This is the amount of interest that a borrower must pay on a loan or debt before the principal is actually paid.

Interest payments: These are interest payments on a loan or property by the spouse or decedent.

Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Program - IPEP (Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme): The Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Program is one of the flagship programs of the NPP Government with the overall objective of delivering infrastructure to rural areas, especially poor communities the welfare gap between rural and urban populations has changed.

Macroeconomic targets: These are measures of a country's economic performance. Examples of this are economic growth, inflation, employment growth gaps, domestic and international trade, the level of government deficit or deficit and the impact of decisions by the Bank of Ghana on inflation in the country.

47 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Memorandum of Understanding (MoU): A written agreement regarding a step in a decision that two or more parties have agreed to be implemented.

Module: It is the size of the parts of something that can be combined to form a whole.

Monetary policy: It is the policy by which the central government sets interest rates on borrowings in the short term or how to issue new currency, details of all interest rates in order to help stabilize prices.

Small Enterprise Development Program - MSME (Micro And Small Buisness Developmet Programme): Small Enterprises are private enterprises that can employ a small number of people with a budget of less than a certain amount.

Nation-Builders Corps- NABCo (Nation Builders Corps): This is a brand new concept launched by the Government of Ghana to provide young graduates with employment in private or Government sectors and help them solve social problems with their skills.

National Board for Small Scale Industries- (NBSSI): The National Board for Small Scale Industries is a not-for-profit public body but, it is a subsidiary of the Ministry of Trade and Industry, which is legally empowered to supervise as a NBSSI Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) will improve.

National Afforestation Program (NAP): It is the replacement of degraded forests in order to restore the lost forest products and thereby improve the livelihood of various communities living near forests, especially the poor.

48 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

National Disaster Management Organization (NADMO): This is the national agency that manages disaster and emergency management in Ghana.

Non-Oil Real GDP: This is the gross domestic product excluding income from coal activities, based on inflation.

Non-Oil Real GDP Growth: It is the basis for determining the growth of the national economy in any sector of the country excluding coal.

Non Tax Revenue: This is the non-tax revenue of the Government. These include fees for obtaining a license and other fees, such as interest and royalties.

Outstanding Obligations: Outstanding Obligations are the amounts payable by the Treasury to the various Government Entities and then, outstanding as of 2016, the Government is required by law to pay into the Legal Funds.

Outturn: This is what happens after a situation or as a result of a series of situations.

Primary balance: This is the amount of money left after the Government has collected all the expected revenue, excluding interest on the loan (ie, excluding the loan repayment by the Government). And the way we calculate this is to convert it into a percentage of the value of all National Goods.

Primary surplus - deficit: This refers to the fiscal deficit representing the excess of funds collected after taxes, excluding interest paid on public debt.

Projected Growth Rate: This is the expected growth rate of the Ghanaian economy in a particular year.

49 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

Real GDP: This is a measure of the value of gross domestic product relative to the level of goods-price.

Revenue: This is the amount of money that the Government receives from its activities in the country and abroad.

Rearing For Food and Jobs -RFJ: This is a new development initiative of the Government of Ghana to promote and generate income for the livestock sector by increasing livestock meat for public consumption and reducing imports of livestock meat completely some have also improved the lives of all insect handlers.

Sensitization: This is education or advertising aimed at creating awareness and change of mind thereby bringing about a positive change in a situation.

Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs): These are private, non-governmental enterprises that can employ a small number of people.

Social Benefits: These are payments made by the Government on behalf of the public to the water, fuel and electricity companies to support Ghanaians.

Squadron: This is an air force unit with two or more aircraft that are supposed to fly the aircraft.

Subsidy: This is a form of financial assistance provided by the Government to citizens to relieve some of the burden on them to ease their neck.

Surveillance: This is a method of visually monitoring something and how it happens.

Tidal wave: The largest ocean wave that occurs during an undersea earthquake or rock formation.

Transparency: This is for the Government to ensure that citizens are aware of what is going on and hear all reports in a timely manner.

Trunk Road: This is lbre main road that often connects two or more cities, ports, airports

50 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizen Economic Strategy

“We are working together to revitalize the National Economy u and stabilize it”

with other places together, and often it’s a long way to get things across.

Use of Goods and Services: This is the amount paid by the Government for its services to the public.

Value Added Tax (VAT): This is a tax levied on various goods at any level of production.

V20 - Vulnerable Twenty: These are some of the countries that are thought to be most affected by the severe impacts of climate change.

State branch (Subsector) – Represents one of the state institutions where activities take place.

You-Start (YouStart): It is a Government-sponsored initiative to provide financial and entrepreneurial assistance to young people aged 18 to 40 to start their own businesses or as youth-owned businesses and thus to start and expand their own businesses.

Youth Employment Agency (YEA): The Youth Employment Agency was established by the Youth Employment Act 2015 - Act 887 to regulate, coordinate, monitor and assist youth employment and social issues in Ghana.

51 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens Economic Strategy

© 2022. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance