Ye' don't say, don't say o

KOKOSAKYI (OPETE) TALKS TO 'THE FOOL WHO HEAR IT'

'BONEKYEREFO was born there, and we'll tell him that his wife is dead. 'The sinner cried, cried, cried, and got up' laughing and laughing at the Cockroach, the Chicken, the Sheep, the Soul and the 'Dog that we'd go to the fire oni's funeral. The animals do not stand siim'; and we're with him. We're dry, and we've finished the funeral, ato se ye'bedware. Ye'ko said to the 'Bonokyerefo, "Dware for us so we'll not marry any. 'The sinner said, "I, my old woman, lie down', I have not been forty days, I have never married. His friends said, "What kind of suffering have we seen?" When we wake up, we're sick, and 'Bonekyerefo so die, and he's strong. One day, Kokosakyi said, "A! 'The sinner, I know him; if he kills the body he gets up and eats it. In the evening Kokosakyi went up to a tall tree, near the samanpom', he would whisper 'Bonekyerefo and hide! enter! And obaye, and he went to the amu-kofie, dwiri! dwiri! and he was amu and the husband was, o'we. Opete is right. He said, "'Bonekyerefo, mo! we're thankful to you. 'The sinner said, "I laugh at you, this is more; whatever you say to me, I understand for you. Opete took it home. Soon the 'Bonekyerefo came. Opete said to his friends, "If he builds a house, we will eat; then we will go to our village. The animals said, "Really?" Opete said, "You die and you don't kiss me. Opete said, "Come on let's go. We's gone to the 'Bonekyerefo 'house. Opete said, "'Bonekyerefo, listen to me tell you, voice die we'want to'eat, and you eat, and then we'll go to our'town' voice, and what do you say?" 'The sinner said, "I agree, I will eat for you a meal. Now 'Bonekyerefo had caught three sheep and stoned them with ropes to feed his friends, and he ate some. And his friends set out' for ye'town' That is, we've used the language 'bebuo, "Kokosakyi speaks to 'A sinner who hears it abuse'

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.