We’re not saying, ’we’re not saying o

SE ’YOYE A KWAKU ANANSE TO BE A LITTLE TO YOUR HEAD SMALL

YE that there was a great famine, and Kwaku Ananse said that he wanted to eat meat and food and his Ye Aso. Obeko asuo bim’, he bowed to the people; as men who bowed to us sebe, and we’ handcuffed. And Ananse bowed to the handkerchief and we stood in the river’ and sighed. Kwaku Ananse said, “Drink some of my rules?” The handmaiden said, "Come. Ananse koye, that hunoo power is the only thing that ’ti concoction is the only thing. The witch said to Ananse, “You have seen what we have eaten, can you let us’ take yours for you to eat some?” Ananse said, "I can, and give it to me. This wine really gave it to him. Kwaku Ananse and the winemaker together’ fweye. And we kissed him and the handmaids gave a song:

“The Nsamanfuo is the fwe river, it is the ti fwe river, The Nsamanfuo is the fwe river o.”

Ananse said, “This song is good, don’t I sing it?” The handmaiden said, "Put some. And let's say:

“The Nsamanfuo is the fwe river, it is the ti fwe river, The Nsamanfuo is the fwe river o.

Odomankoma bo adee is the head of the fwe river?

Nsamanfuo is a fwe river o. I'm head over heels in the river voice o.

The sword is fwe river o.

The duck finished, and the handmaid said to him, "We've eaten, we've got meat, you give me a kenten, take it and eat it, get your head around and go; and what we tell you is that as soon as you sing this song, your head will fall. Ananse said, "With so much meat you have given me, I want it, and what song do I sing for it?" The wizard said, "Well, kore. Ananse siim's head. The snowflakes gathered around us and we were koye. Then the wine came to him, and we raised it:

"The Nsamanfuo is the fwe river, it is the ti fwe river, The Nsamanfuo is the fwe river o.

And Ananse heard the song and he raised it:

"Odomankoma boo thing you're head and neck river?

The sword is fwe river o.

He just finished, and his head was covered with abie. Ananse raised the price. Osee,

"The sword! the sword! my head is broken!" And when the witnesses heard it, we said, "Behold, he hath not hearkened unto our voice: therefore let us stand still, and let us hear what he saith. Soon Ananse was pouring it and he came. He said, "Puo! Father's children, my head has lied, so I laugh at you, I have done everything you can to forgive me, I justify you, and you put my head on me. The snowman accepted, and we continued. We said to him, "Now you sing this song again and from singing again, you call us, we don't answer, so go. The handcuffs stopped' koreye. I'm going to choose it and I'm going to sing it. Then Ananse threw again and his head was like toye, kutukum! and he has raised the price of the stone. He said, "The sword! the sword! shut up! Wa fre afre afre, his mother shut up!" Then Ananse served' enough, and he raised it and drank it with ta, sebe, and to drink, and he saw 'the roadside, sora! He said, "'Save me, and tomorrow I will give you some. It is that you will see Ananse with a small head and a little toe; and from asoodene.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, just take some and bring some.