Ye’s not that, not that o

IF IT’S GOOD, OSEBO AND ADOWA WILL TAKE ’YONKOO

OKUROTWIAMANSA was born there, and he said he’d like someone to talk to. Animals stand no antimi. Adowa is ho’a; he said, “Father Osebo, I die I will be with you and you say sen?” “Die I’m not sure,” Osebo said. And we’ve got it. Osebo cut the abe. Adowa koreye and went to drink the wine and drank; he cannot rise, and he lies down under the abe. In the evening Osebo says he’s going to kiss and eat. Obekoro, Adowa has drunk his wine and is over this day. Osebo said, "Well, you who say you will owe me this. Even the elephant could not owe me and you have suffered. Osebo went to cut time, and he gave bede, and he took Adowa’; and he took it soaye. O’ba’a, Adowa reached the road’ and his eyes were open. Obefwe if Osebo so no. Adowa slipped up, and a rope slipped away. Adowa padiye one, farm! Speak with him glory’, and Adowa ane asi bede drink’. Osebo doesn’t know about it; and ode reached ’fie. He said to the man, "'Fool 'pan'in Adowa, he says he will be with me, and I will bring him; put him on the fire. Osebo ’ni said to his son, “The road is near, and take him away and I will kill him.” Osebo says you’re drinking bed, take it! You'll have a drink. Osebo said, This is the oko, and the rest of the bini; let’s put it in the box’. And we’ve put it on the table, and we’ve finished the meal; and we’ve stayed around. Aberewatia boom’s table. He said, "E! Kwadwo, here is his bini, and his meat; it will be better than clothes, so where does he sleep, take him away?" And Osebo went up to his abet. Obekoro, Adowa and eat there again this. Osebo said, “Oh! I used to be a gyimiye, now I’m going ’home and bringing a box.” Osebo went ’house and took off his clothes; and he brought the box and the key to the abe. He took the adowa to the adakam’, and otoom’, and cut the soaye. When he got ’home, he said, “That’s what I’ve brought; Aberewatia sighed, and he accepted her’. And Osebo said to the man, "I'll go to Serem' and bring the gine, and the salt, and the wine, and we'll make bread with Adowa. Osebo didn’t leave. In the morning, Aberewatia was e’wo abe, and that Adowa had looked through the hole’ and seen Aberewa. Adowa said, “Grandma Aberewa, you’re merciful, and if you hinded me, I would have given birth to you.” The old woman said, "You Adowa, you will run away. Adowa said, Aserampon, and Ta’ kese, and Dwomo, and Apeya, and Konkroma, and Ta’ kora, and Krakye Dente, kill me, if you hit me, I’ll run away. If you really want to, close the doors’. The old woman said, “I’ve heard.” He knocked on the doors’, and looked at Adowa. Adowa came to the wommam’s house. Aberewatia says he’s kneeling down’ and Adowa gives him a stone on his head, pe! and he died. Adowa cut his skin, covered himself, and cut his flesh and put it on the fire. Tomorrow comes Kwadwo. Adowa said, "What do you mean well, I've killed my root Adowa; even his meat is on the fire. Osebo said, “You a’Peafo!” He also poured the bread he had brought’. We’ve finished the meal; we’re going to sit there and we’re going to eat, Osebo took a bone. He’s together, and aye, pu! pu! Adowa spoke to his ’fwenem’, “You’re bone and you’re together.” Osebo said, “What do you say?” Adowa said, “I say, this Adowa is old; Osebo said, “Well, I keep myself strong instead’.” And Osebo has eaten bread, feao! feao! Adowa said, “E! you ’ve got a headache and you’ve healed it.” Osebo said, “What do you say?” Adowa said, “I mean, here’s even his bini, and his meat, if you see his?” Osebo said, “More, more, more!” Then die ye’didi finished. Adowa cleaned ’s house; he said to Osebo, “I’m going to put grass on the summit.” Osebo said, “Kor’e, what do I care, my son?” Adowa is already on the summit. He said, “’Sebo e! Osebo said, “Me to you?” “You’ll stay with me,” Adowa said. Osebo ran a flood! yiridi! and Adowa so there, prada! prada! prada! Adowa reached his ’house, and went into his room’. He doesn’t have any road, except the empty road he has set. Adowa entered’ and opened the door atom’, bam! Then Osebo sighed, and saw the way Adowa was going. Osebo got up’ and went to free the animals and said, “Come on let’s go and catch Adowa for me, and ’the fool who has despised me, you have to catch him for me before I tell you.” Animals came to Adowa's house. Adowa heard the animals’coming and the turn was coming, and she took the coconut, salt, and pepper and cooked it. Then the animals stand still. They kissed their faces’. Then ’Kusie said, “Kwakuo’s stick is broken, and let your children fall first, and let’s go home by his stick.” Kwakuo has left the room, soul! order! order! and wafo’. He sat on the roof, and said he’d bend his eyes to kiss Adowa, and Adowa took the roasted cheese, and put it in his mouth’; and he threw himself into Kwakuo's eyes. And Kwakuo is dead. The animals will vomit if something is under his eyes. One said some tafereye. He said, "Ye! drink your laws, what Kwakuo has fought for. The animals don’t stand up. He’s not cheating, cheating, cheating. It’s like Kwakuo and he’s a donkey. Then we said, "Koko-tee, you so nuntun, nuntun! that you can go to ’house. Adowa heard that, and wako like his knife, namnamnam. Coconut, nutmeg, nutmeg! and his mouth shall proceed out of the house. And Adowa put the knife to Kokotee's mouth, and he'd cut. Cockroach said, "Cockroach Asamoa, you're cutting my mouth. The animals stood behind, and we said, "You a'Peafo; press your eyes to the bera. Coconut will yield his head; ona n'ano blood. The animals saw that Kokotee Asamoa's mouth was cut off, we're out of there, yii! Ene se Kokotee's mouth e'beye, taxi. After the animals fled, Osebo didn't see anything wrong with him. He said, "Well I'm not going anywhere; here I'm going to sleep and die, unless I kill Adowa. Adowa heard the sa, and wrapped himself in the oni skin, and went up to the back of the house. Then he came to Osebo. He said, "Oh! Kwadwo, what's your phone so good, Adowa so o'dieben? Let's go home and help ourselves and come. Ye'siim' my 'fie. Adowa said to Osebo, "Take your inheritance stick for me, and I will keep it. Osebo said, "Your help!" And he took out his sword and gave it to Adowa. Adowa got a good yie'a pe, and set it on and stood somewhere. Osee, "Osebo e!" He heard, "Ye 'nua e!" He said, "You are a 'fool, and a beast, I would have killed you 'and made bread for you to eat. Now shall I betray you and take your inheritance?" Osebo said, "Meto you?" Adowa said, "You will stay with me. And Osebo's heart, cried! it's! it's! and Adowa so fired. He went into his 'house, and otoom', bam! Then Osebo stood there, angry; and honor his tree, fre! fre! fre! He doesn’t see a word he doesn’t say. Then he said to Adowa, "I tell Yaoada to come and let us take a friend. Adowa said, "I'm not going to give it if you want, unless you let us drink idols. Osebo said, "I agree, and I can't kiss you. Adowa comes to bene Osebo drinks idols. Adowa said to him, "Never forgive me; if you hit me and the fidie takes me out, return me. Osebo said, "I've heard. Osebo said, "Even the way you go, I'll wave my hand to let you know that I have nothing to do with you. That Osebo is here, he doesn't catch Adowa. Efei so fidie this Adowa, and fight back.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.