Ye’s not that, not that o

DO NOT BE A DEVIL. BAA ’FIE

A OBOFUO is with him’ and we’re on the fourth. We need it, and we’re fighting it. Obofuo got up and went to the woods’ and passed! He comes to the ’house he had fought to build for the carrying water’, and he has been mentally and emotionally’ hungry for his ye’. He was there and his wife asked him, "I believe you kill meat for cooking, or selling it, so if you go to the woods and don't bring meat, I'll go to my village. Obofuo sim’s and wild’s. Onenam walks; he saw no animals. He said, “E! I didn’t suffer.” Then he says he’s kissing he’s kissing that He’s walking around this. He said, “This drag die I’ll kill you.” Obofuo followed him, kyri! kyiri! kyiri! He pulled turned to the trunk of a tree’. He said, “Grandma Tano, I run to you, and the obofuo catches me.” Obofuo said, “I die I don’t know die we’re called Tano, and besen let me take you alone for my wife.” Tano stood there, and heard his voice say, "Obofuo stop Otwe and take me home, and I will be of great use to you. Obofuo stood there, trembling. He gave him a soaye. Ode no e'ba, he met Death. He said, "Obofuo, where have you taken my 'kyeame e'ko?" Obofuo said, "Father I am angry, I want meat to fight for me, I went and saw Otwe, and when I killed him, he said he ran away from this adie; I said I knew nothing. This adie told me to take him 'home and he is useful. Death asked Tano, "You go home, and you know that everyone is sick and I bring my firstborn to him, and no one takes it, so you go home, die I tell you is this; you've got good meat. Obosom said, "Grandma I've heard the master. Obofuo brought Tano home. Tano si ho'a, and he sang, and we're listening. If he gets sick in the morning, we'll bring him to Tano. He heard, "They're killed. Ampa'ra is dead. He said, "You're not dead, and bring this and that. You're a kor'a, he says, "I'm going to laugh at life for you. And because of the things we've done for Tano, you're really strong. Ene se ye'be huno that idols are good; ya nkrofuo will fight Tano to save some of his children.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.