Ye' don't say, don't say o

IF IT IS GOOD IT IS DIFFERENT OR ESEREM'

ESONO was born there, and he said he'd like someone to kneel-down with him. The mother of the animals see ye'nntimi. Kwaku Ananse was there and said, "I die me-timi, and die I'll tell you is that if you are going to kill me, you must bury me oboom' Eson' said, "I have heard, and I will come to visit you for seven days, and you will visit me for seven days. Kwaku Ananse went and killed the wife, and threw her into the fire' totoye, and went to the 'kwan ho. And when Ananse sode, he had taken the wife's arm, and fought over the yanee. Obefwe says Adowa is 'passing' But language is its dignity', and a okom kesie has come. He's passed and Ananse has thrown his wife in the road' Now Adowa has taken over. He said, "Father Ananse, hunger like a seed, and die you bring e'ba yanee soo ni?" Ananse said, "Food is not good for my 'house at all. Adowa said, "I'll go get some with you. Ananse arrived with him 'home; he said to Adowa, "There is a man who feeds me at night; so go and sleep with him, and if he comes and says, 'Asikoto,' you will answer, 'I will save my head. And if you say so, he will put some of the food on it, and you will take it. Adowa said, "I thank you, Aku; Father Ananse pa'a die I never saw you so 'man. Adowa is always ntwonom' Tomorrow comes Esono. He said, "Asikoto. Adowa said, "I'll take my head," and Esono said, pan! and Adowa is dead. It's different. The next morning, Ananse took Adowa and gave it to Aso to make bread for him. And Ananse went to Esono and fought for him. Esono said, "Are you all right?" Ananse said, "I'm fine. Ananse siim' came to his 'house. He took some of the bayer, went to the yanee again. Obefwe that He pulls e'pass' and throws away the wife. He said, "Oh! Father Ananse, the famine is like a seed, and die you bring it to the yanee?" Ananse said, "If you want some, bera let us go to my 'house I'll just give you some. He fights with Ananse. Ananse said, "Sleep here, and tonight my servant will bring food, and when he gets here, he says, 'Asikoto,' and he says, 'I will save myself. He said, "I da'se Aku, you'll be the one. He pulls the constant. Anandwo and Esono came. He said, "Asikoto. He said, "I'm going to take it with my head. And he's got Otwe and he's sleeping, kill! And Esono comes. The next morning, Ananse took Otwe to Aso and, went' to Esono 's house to fight for him tomorrow. Esono said, "Okuamoa is here, are you all right?" The farmer said, "Pesee!" And we talked for a while, and Duck laughed 'on the way home. Now Ananse had sa’ra with Oyuo and 'Wansane, Kokotee Asamoa, and Otromo, and Oko. Then Ananse so you’ll kill Elephant. And the ton’suom’s husband is a boo saye; and he added one iron-bena. At night he went to Esono ’s house. “Asikoto!” said the duck. “I’m going to take my head,” Esono said. Ananse put the saye on his forehead’, and panned it with a dade-bena! pan! to amem. And Ananse came to his ’house. The next morning, Elephant said to his ye’, “I have a headache,” and his ye’s said, “No, this is a shame, and even Ananse was stoned for seven days, his head did not break, and he did not die. Esono miaa and eye koreye; he reached Ananse. Ananse said, “Kantinka, are you all right?” Esono said, "Oh! I'm fine. Ananse said, "Good news. Ananse fought the boo saye again. In the afternoon he went up to Esono. He said, “Asikoto.” “I’m going to take my head,” Esono said. Ananse puts the saye on it, and puts the dadebena on it, pan! pan! Ananse has come to his ’house. Then he was there, and he came angrily and said, "Ananse, grandfather Esononom, my laws tell you that your friend Esono slept and did not wake up; so bera and bepae 'boom' take him in. The duck said, "No, we didn't plan it. We' said, die will die, and the one who cooks it will eat it. The Obofuo fought and reported the Esono family. We’re saying, “Just bring it now.” The anger came to Ananse, saying, “We’re time now.” Ananse said, “Don’t wait for me.” Ananse went into the woods’ and cut down a tree, and killed it tree-man; and he drew a ’gun and put it in his hand, and gave it to Aso, saying, “Take it first and put it where we’ll say I’m alone, and stand by it, and when I come, you’ll call me.” The ears are so heady. Ananse so one the angry sim’ koreye. Ananse reached before Esononom’, and we’ve put ears, and ’soso, and axe, and ’knife in his hands’. We’re saying, “Duom’.” And we’d take Ananse to a little rock. We’ve said, “Paem’ and dig a hole and take Esono tom’.” Ananse fought, pe! pe! pe! Ananse you ho’a, he says, “Yo e!” “Esononom,” he said, “you heard someone calling me.” Esononom said, “So’ho, you ’pe ’wan escape.” Ananse said, “I’ve heard,” and went to work, pe! pe! pe! And he replied, “Yes!” “Someone’s calling me,” he said. “We’ll let you go,” the crowd said. Sa, sa, seven times. And now die we’re saying, “Go listen and bera now, and if you run away, we’ll get you.” Ananse fought where the akua’ba was. Now Ananse is running, kiri! it's! it's! Esononom said, “Ananse aden?” He said, "E! you alone, and if there is an angry man standing there; and he says to me to withdraw, let him not shoot at you. That is why he has called me to withdraw. And Esononom says we’re going to kiss the woods, we’ll kiss if someone is really standing there, and we’re going to move. Ananse said, "Father 'bofuo kill us for me. Esononom fled; ene eserem' And we've left the dead Elephant, and the Duck took him to the weye. That is, the Elephants will go to 'Serem', and the message before the Elephants are in the forest'

My story, whether it is good or bad, believe it, and accept it from me.