Ye' don't say, don't say o

SEDIE IS GOING TO BE AWAY FROM YOU

THERE was a man there, we'called Akwasi Jealous, and his wife was Aso, and he didn't want anyone to see Aso, or talk about him. So he went and tied the akura and Aso tenaam' Akura is under everyone alone. This Akwasi Jealousy is a okerawa. So he knows that if he stays in the city', someone will take him. God said to the young men, "Akwasi Ninkunfuo has married Aso da-da-da; she has no 'children, so whoever can fight and take Aso and grow up with her, let him take her. The young men tried to get us, but no one could. Kwaku Ananse there, said, "I will fight in the town of Akwasi Ninkunfuo. 'God said, "Ampa'ra, you can?" Ananse said, "What I kiss, you will give me. 'God said, "Deeben?" He said, "Atuduro and aboo. And 'God gave it to him. And Ananse took the stick and the stone and said to the villagers, "God, if I give you these stick and stone, do not kill meat, and the day I come here, I will save you. He gave the atuduro and the stones to many dogs for saye. The cows got some of the meat. Dakoro like Ananse is not a bed. Its length will be like this eha and do. Ananse took it to the pigs who had given us the wood and the stones to get the meat we had killed. Father Ananse took the meat and the bede soaye, and set Akwasi Ninkunfuo on the 'road. He reached Akwasi and we're drinking in the river, and he's taken some of the meat out. Ananse tried to get the bede into Akwasi Ninkunfuo's mouth' And Aso saw him. He said, "Akwasi, come and eat something that comes 'home here, and why?" Ananse said, "God sent me, and I will grow up, and I will sleep here. Akwasi Ninkunfuo said, "I have heard, my lord's servant. Aso said to Ananse, "Father 'man, some of your meat has been caught by the ants. Ananse said, "Oh, if you have a dog, let him eat it. And Aso is not a faye or a maa okunu. And Ananse said, "Eno, put food on me. Aso put some on it, and Duck said, "Well, you're cooking fufu, or is it?" The ear said, "Fufuo. Ananse said, "It's small; take the pot and keep it. The ear went to the kesie, and the Duck said, "Come and get meat. Four animals have buried 'sere forty. He said, "Take 'everything to gum', and if you have a big pot, I'll let you eat meat for your teeth to melt. Aso finished the meal, poured it, put it on the table and put water on it. And Aso went to the fire, and the men sat down at the table. And we've left our hands behind. Ye'di'a, ye'di'a,

“This fufu is not salty,” said Kwaku Ananse. Akwasi said to Aso, "Bring some. And Ananse said, "No, son e'didi, you say get up and bring salt, and you get up and bring it yourself. Akwasi got up, and Ananse kissed his bottom’ and washed the afaduro to pour the fufuo drink’. Then he called Akwasi, "Come and bring me some of the salt. When Akwasi came, Ananse said, “Oh, I’m not eating anymore, mame.” Akwasi e’die, he doesn’t know it; he’s eating and he’s eating. We finished eating, and Akwasi said, “’Friend, we lived here with you, but we don’t know your name.” Ananse said, "My name is 'Sor-ko-di-Aso. Akwasi said, “I heard, Aso, did you hear ’This man’s name?” Aso said, “Yes, I’ve heard.” Akwasi got up and prepared a hundred ’dampons.

He said, "Get up-to-go-to-Aso, you 'dampon here, go to bed. Ananse said, "I am the soul of God, I sleep patom'; for this is the father who gave birth to me, I never slept 'damponm. “Where are you sleeping?” Akwasi asked. He said, “I would have slept on this pato’, but if it were so, you would have been equal to your ’God, and it means I slept on ’God’s patom’, I didn’t sleep on anyone’s patom’, and so I slept on this ’dampon of your madness’.” The man took out a kettle and approached her. Akwasi and his ye’s fought daye, and Ananse stayed there. Ananse lay there and covered his face’ crookedly. Ananse lay there and took his sepirewa:

“Akuamoa Ananse, voice we’ll do something voice.

God ’s, Six ’s son Ananse, Voice we’ll be something voice.

God ’s clever Ananse, So I see something.”

Then he stopped sepirewa, and put it on and slept. As he lay there, he heard Akwasi Jealousy call him, “Father ’Man.” Quiet! “Father ’Men.” Quiet! Akwasi Ninkunfuo is dead; the rest of the medicine, also called “Father ’Man”. Quiet! Then he said, "Stand-up-to-the-Ears. He said, “M! M! M!” “Hyini me,” he said. Ananse sighed, and Akwasi went somewhere. And Ananse got up and went to the ’room drink’. “Aso, have you heard what your husband said?” she asked. He said, “What did he say?” He said, “He told me to get up and eat you.” Aso said, “Your help.” And waye for him, and he's back to bed. During the night, Akwasi got up nine times; Ananse soso went to Aso nine times. The next morning, Ananse sim’ koye. It will be two asranne and Aso afu’ will be a little. Akwasi asked him, “Why is your field’ so good, accommodation you are sick, and I who live with you, I have no children.” Aso said, "You forgot the man who came here and said, 'Get up-to-eat-Aso,' and it was good that he took me and kissed me. Akwasi Ninkunfuo said, “Get up and let me take you alone for him.” We’re in the city of God’. And the road’s Aso that you are. We’ve reached the city of God’ and reported to God, “Your servant whom you sent has stayed in my house, and has taken Aso with him.” God said, “My servants stand in the gate, and fight against one man.” He’s right, and Ananse is not a title. The ear said, “He’s right.” And Ananse has fled and sat in the middle. And Aso has said, “O’nie.” Then Ananse fell from heaven to earth’. The day, it’s Friday. Ananse said, “I washed ’kra and you put your hand on me, and I fell down for the work to be done.” Now the king had married Akwasi Ninkunfuo, and he had cut ’dwan. After Akwasi Ninkunfuo cut the ’sheep, he said to God, “This is the son, Ananse take him.” Ananse took Aso, and the sword we’d killed cut his flesh to pieces. Ene se jealousy will be manm’.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.