Ye' don't say, don't say o

IF YOYE IS GOING TO DUA YEE KO

YE'SE A princess was born there, and she gave birth to a beautiful daughter. He gave birth to it; we're giving it to anyone, he says he's not married. When the crocodile said, "No. There was an animal Onini in the woods' somewhere, and a little oboo and odam' One day he was there, he heard a rage pass, and we talked about the girl saying that if we gave her to anyone, he said he didn't want her. There was a man, and he said, "I have become a young man, and I have married Ohema's son. Ampa'ra had Onini turned into a young man; you kiss it, it doesn't kiss. He went up to the city. O'koro and you're a bese. He reached the outskirts of the town, and Ohema 's son had come to the grave, and he was hiding. Onini threw a sword, and war fell upon the Ohema 'ba atofo. Ohema 'ba said, "Why have you poured water on my enemies!" Onini said, "You are right, Amu." He said, "I'm four, 'Amu' He said, "You are right, Eson. He said, "I'm four 'Eson' He said, "You are right, my wife. He said, "Enee I'll marry you. Ohema 'came with Onini and went home. Now Ohema 'came to the man, and said, "E! e! e! I have seen die I want. Ohema said, "Po! where is my daughter?" He said, "Here I am, grandmother. Ohema slammed Onini, and said to him, "I'll stay with you. The snow fell, the husband and wife slept. Sa' eighth. Then die, he said, "My wife, I'm going to my town' and I'm coming. His wife said, "Then I will fight with you. The man said, "No. Onini beak, beak; Ohema 'didn't listen. Adeekyeye one husband siim' Ye'kor'a, and Onini has suffered through the forest' Ohema 'ba see, "Why, is that the way?" The man said, "You die shut up, and follow me." One no siim' koye'a, and Onini fights the gold oboom' Ohema 'comes on the throne' Now Onini had turned into an animal; and he said to Ohema 'son, "If I heard this, and turned to marry you, and you heard your 'ni and your 'smile', you said 'Nothing-nowhere'; I will kill you; titi my head' and show me a dwie; if you don't get it, your food is gone. Ohema 'comes always, o'titi ape dwie. Then ye'wo ho'a, Ohema 'came to befwe that Ako had passed' Ohema 'came to open his mouth and said, "Father Ako," and Ako put his hand to his mouth. Ako took his 'gun and made it nice, and he set it on his shoulder. Onini said, "Titi me tirim' Ohema 'ba said, "I'm not, I'm abere, if you kill me, kill me. The man said he'd stretched his head to Ohema's son, and Ako had let the gun fall, pomm! Ako went 'boo drink' and took Ohema 'son and Onini home and reported that he had seen Ohema 'son and Onini, and said that he had killed Onini. Ohema 'ba so boo and knew his mother. Ohema said, "Ako edieben shall I thank you?" Ako said, "Grandma, I don't want to eat, and I eat, go take it. Ohema is not going to come. He said, "Grandma I'll use my stick e'bo nno yim' and I'll make a sign. Ene se Ako tree e'beye ko. My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.