Ye' don't say, don't say o

SEDIE EYOYE WE RULE THE EVIL DARKNESS SEDIE EYOYE WE RULE THE SUN

GOD had three children, Darkness, Moon, and Sun. And it came to pass, when her three sons were grown, that God gave her a slave. Woi fought and tied up his akura; woi so fought and tied up his sword; woi so fought and tied up his akura. And we are your ho'a, and we're the father of the Sun. And when God was there, he went to the cross and said to his servant, "Who knows my trim' story?" And Ananse said, "I know. When he said, "I know him," God made the king stand up. Ehoara and Ananse also rose to 'go to God for the city' Ananse went to the road, and asked himself, "I don't know his trim' words but I say I do. And he made a bird's nest, and covered himself with it, and set it up upon a tree in the city of God' And the crows saw the bird and we're all saying "Ye e e e!" And God came from 'the house under the tree and said, "If there was a duck, he would know the name of this bird, and I said, I want the sun to be my king, and let me tell you who knows my trim' story So he goes and brings my children, and if he were there, he would know the name of this bird. And then the bird flew away, and went and dug up the wings, and went up to the darkness and said, "Your father says I will come with you. And Darkness said, "Okay, I'll fight you." And Ananse said, "I'll fight for the Moon and the Sun. And Darkness said to him, "Let me ask you something to eat." And Ananse said, "Ho!" Darkness took the rice and gave it to Ananse. And when he had eaten the rice, he went up to the city of Osrane. When he reached the town of Srane, he said, "Your father asks me to come with you. And 'Srane said, "Well, I fight." And Ananse said, "I'm going to the Sun's city to take it. And Osrane said, "Let me ask you something to eat. And Ananse said, "Ho!" And Osrane boo apesie for him to eat. And Ananse went to the city of the Sun. When he reached the city of the Sun, he said to him, "Your father asks me to come with you. And the Sun said, "Well, I'll fight you and let me find something for you to eat. And Ananse said, "Ho!" And the Sun fought and caught a sheep. The woman said to the Duck, "I wish my father would come here, and kiss what I am, whether it is good or bad, he would know, but he did not come and your fruit is like a father's, so I killed this sheep for you to eat. And he killed the sheep and prepared it for the Duck to eat. And Ananse said, "Let's go to the tree. And we went, and the Duck said to the Sun, "Your father has found a stick, and he wants you to eat the stick, and he went to dig a hole there and if you find 'a name, he will give you the stick; and ede, 'Kintinkyi. And so that you may not forget it, I will cut you a stick, and I will make a stick for it, and if we touch the stick and the stick, then you will never forget it, and the stick says:

'Throw the bomb!

Throw the bomb!'

Then the snowflake says:

'What a bomb!

What a bomb!'

And we're going to go to the city of Nyankonpon. And now we've reached the city of Osrane and taken it, and we've reached Darkness and taken it. The road is not stable and we've played the roundabout. And we went to the road and Ananse saw a man and sent him to tell God that he was coming. And God called 'dwa, and Ananse came with us and we fought together. And Ananse informed Okyeame, "The king's messenger who sent me, I have brought us my fruit. And God said, "My children, the reason I gave you this is; let me cut down this stick, and let me go and dig this stick, and whoever finds the name of this stick, I will give him this stick. So my eldest son is Darkness. And Darkness said, "It's 'Choice' And the mother of the crocodile said, "Ye e e e!" And God said, "My 'second son is Osrane, so let him name him. And Osrane said, "It's Asante. He said, "Ye e e e!" God said, "My third son is the Sun, so let him be named. And speech and nente glory' and the game continues:

"Kintinkyi bomb!

What a bomb!"

The Duck was sitting on the couch, and the Sun was standing there, and he was drinking' and he said, "Oh! this is me from walking with the Father and I was little, and he taught me his name, and I was not ashamed, and it was, 'Kintinkyi' And the nation approved it three times, “E! E! E!” And his father stood up and said, "You 'Sum are the oldest, and my words I have spoken to you have forgotten you so you have not obeyed my word; so we have only evil against you what I tell you, you have not forgotten my advice, so you are a king, no one has a word for you, for except what is good and we eat it at night, it is not easy for you to take it, if Srane wants to take it you and now it rains, God forbid, and your children who are under you don’t know that I fall and take us away.

Believe me in my story, whether it is good or bad, and accept me with it.