Ye' don't say, don't say o

IF YOU GO TO DANM' NIGHT, IT WAS TUMM

WE'SE Kuntukurunku and Kuntunamoa and we've fallen from the pata to the ground' We're saying, "Earth, you're ancient. The earth said, "Why do you say I am right?" The earth said to 'Prae, " Your mouth is cockroach." He said, "Why do you judge me? " The earth said, " I have eaten, and if you do not understand, stop. 'Prae said to Abena, " Thou, take-off." Abena said, "Why do you judge me? " 'Prae said, " I have eaten. Abena then said to Sumina, " You, save. Sumina said, "Why are you judging me? " He said, " I have judged you, and if you don't understand, stop. Sumina so, said to Abe so, " Your conm' lord." Abe said, "Why are you judging me? " Sumina said, " I am, and if you don't understand, stop. Abe so said to Tetea, " Your ears are black." Tetea said, "Why are you judging me? " Abe said, " I've judged you and you don't understand, stop. Tetea so he went to Esono, and entered his foot ; and became the king of Esono. And he said he'd kick his feet, and he struck Tamiriwa's eyes, and Tamiriwa's eyes were filled with water, and he went to the efan. Nana Aberewa's food is 'fan, and Tamiriwa has been fighting for it with tears. 'The dog passed' and he called out 'The dog carried it with 'fire. 'One dog, he got two bese paeem' to fight at the mouth of Okagya valley. And Okagya took the bese and gave it to Old Man. He stands on the bo fuye. He fell as if a sword were passing by, and took off his fence and killed him. If the army is Nyankonpon 's son. And immediately we'took the Old Man, and brought him before God' We've asked him, "Suffering?" The old man said, "I stand somewhere, Okagya, a sword like that, let the bese soo and he hit me, and on me, this sword e'pass' me said Okagya, and I took off my fence against him, and if you 'ba'a. God said, "Hang him alone', and call Okagya his law. Okagya is his wife; he said, "Grandma, you know my pursuit is going to be bad, and the Okraman has come to the edge of my valley, and I said I'm going to throw it and it's going to kill Old Man. God said, "Hang him alone', and call it 'The law of the dog. He's going to kill 'Kraman. The Okraman said, "Grandma, I am walking somewhere, see if I hear, and Grandma Aberewa has 'fire carried me; and Okagya, Grandma Aberewa has loved her field a odidim' onee goes to sleep in the field drink' and bonm' God said, "Hang him alone', and just call Grandma Aberewa law. Mrs. Aberewa came. He said, "Oh! I, my ancestors, do not kiss my mouth', I cannot eat meat, I eat efan; I also drink Bosompra; I hate Tamiriwa; only the dog knew, and he told Tamiriwa to make his mouth water for efan I eat. That is why I 'carried him with fire. God said, "Oh! hang him', and you alone bring Tamiriwa's children." Tamiriwa came. He said, "Grandfather I am lying somewhere, look, this little Esono came under my eyes, and I went to efan me pepaye. And if I know him." God said, "Crucify him, and go and take the law of Esono." We went and took Esono's son. Esono said, "These days I live there, and my heart is my king; I'm going to fwe a, sebe, Tetea 'this fool and he's going in' that he's going to eat meat and he's going to be kesie; and I said I'd set foot, and fight Tamiriwa." God said, "Hang him' and go alone with the Ancient rules." Ancient baye'a, said, "Grandfather, Abe you are here, if it is high, it will be dark; and if I, Tetea, take it, ebere. The other day, I was there, Abe told me that my ears were black, and I was small, and I was going to fight Esono and I wanted to be big." God said, "Hang him, and just call Abe's children a, and I'll take some and put it in my konm'; efeidie judged me to be my conm' master. That is why I was jealous, and I judged Tetea." God said, "Hang him, and call Sumina alone." Sumina came; I didn't give him anything yesterday, he said 'Sumina, you're safe'; I said 'a', and Abe was there and I judged him." God said, "Hang him' and go and call Abena." Abena came; then I didn't take it for granted, he said, 'you take-it' That is why I was jealous and went to judge Sumina." God said, "Hang him', and you alone call 'Prayer laws. if it is dirty and I rise, I will clean it of tantan roots, and it will be clean; yesterday the Earth said to me, 'your mouth is cockroach, and I was angry, and I went and judged Abena." God said, "Hang him', and you alone call the laws of the Earth's children. ye'tia me so; I don’t say anything; ye'ye things don't stand on me, I don't fwe. Then five days I was there, Kuntukurunku and Kuntunamoa came upon me, and I said, 'o! why?' ye'see, 'you have a pit for us',' and he's old for nothing' Sa therefore, and I was judged by 'Prayer." God said, "Hang him', and you alone take the laws of Kuntukurunku and Kuntunamoa." Kuntukurunku and Kuntunamoa came. We're saying, "Grandma, we're playing on the floor, and we're coming down and we're sick, so we've judged the Earth, as it is old. God said, "Mpan'infuo, these words are not based on our hearing, so let us rise up alone danm' alone think about it, and we'll answer. And we's gone to damponm' closed the doors' That is, if at night you go to the danm', it is dark. And God is with him mpan'infuo and we're there we're standing.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.