Ye' don't say, don't say o

SE 'YOYE A DEMONS CAME TO THE WORLD

OBA was born to it; she gave birth to twelve children; and when she rose up and cooked the meal, the bed did not stand. Ye'ni no 'don't have any. And he fell down here, and went down to the field, and said to the old woman, "I will send eleven of my sons to come under you to train fear; and when we come, take eleven of your sword and kill my sons. The old man said, "I've heard, and I'll do it for you. The mother went' to 'home; he said to his sons, "Go to the field', Under the Old Man; shame on you, you only old laws. The snow stood' together. We've reached the Old Man. 'Duko said, "One stops; That stops; Three stops; Four stops; Five stops; Six stops; Seven stops; Eight stops; Nine stops; 'Ten stops; I myself 'Duko stand. 'Duko said to us, "You don't know the same thing, so, ena see let's go hear the fear?" The brothers said, "No. He said, "He has told this Mother, ye'ko ho'a, onyi mman have mercy on us; so mothers, cut off the children, and do not have mercy on this Mother. We've cut the trees, and we've cut the boboo Old drink', pim! pen! pim! pen! Old man said, the sword has come. He took out his eleven branches and threw them down' Baby 'Duko said, "You've seen that if we're right, Mother would have killed us. We're tetee efere no to what you're doing. Onoaye, oh! now the nkoda is revealed. Ye'ni see, "E! this word is true, I'm not able to serve', so I'll go to God with this sword. In the morning, he went and informed God, "I have given birth to a snake, and I want to eat it, but I cannot eat it; hunger is killing me; so I beg you, snake, let us go and take our laws, and kill us, if I have something to eat. God said, "Really?" The son said, "My head's white and I'm dead. God was angry, and we'd dug a little hole, boo mpentowa guum'; he went and took owo, and osebo and put us in the pit drink', and covered it. And then the anger called the sword. We reached die cave in peace, 'Duko said, "One stops; That stops; Three stops; Four stops; Five stops; Six stops; Seven stops; Eight stops; Nine stops; 'Ten stops; my own baby 'Duko is standing; you don't care; you don't care. The brothers said, "Why is there a 'road, and let's go through the woods'?" And also ye'koro stand, and don't purowa fuafua us. 'Duko said, "Put one of these children on 'this way. We've thrown it, and it's broken agum' yiriri! 'Duko said, "If you see, we're about it, don't let our cows die. Nkrofuo took the 'kwatikwan, to God. God has made us cover the cows with cocoons, and if the cows will sit on them, we will kiss the cows and drink' The sword reached the presence of God' God said, "Wherever there is a tent, sit on it. And 'Duko said, "We're the ones who can sit on such a beautiful corner, so Nana, we're sitting on the edge here. Then God opened the door; he said, "This day I send us to the city of Death. In the morning he called the cow; he said, "Go to Death and get a golden tasen, and a golden stick', a golden asratoa, and a golden sraboba, and a golden 'mena. 'Duko said, "Our lord and you, wherever you send us, we will go. God said, "You shall not go. The sword went down' to the city of Death' We've reached it; Death said, "Why doesn't anyone come here and you come here?" We're saying, "We're walking and we're coming here. Death said, "Osempa!" Death also has 'ten children; onoara is added to the dubako. In the evening, Death gave the beds one by one to his children, and he with 'Duko ko daye. In the morning, Death had set his sights on 'Duko. 'Duko said, "Death, I sleep. Death said, "When will you sleep?" 'Duko said, "If you gave me a silver cup to drink, I wouldn't sleep. And Death has fought for the abre. It was a little while before Death struck him again, to forgive him. 'Duko said, "Death, I sleep. Death said, "When will you sleep?" 'Duko said, "If you went and brought me a silver asratoa, don't send me to sleep. And Death had taken the abre. It was a little later, and Death said he'd go to 'Duko. 'Duko said, "I'm sorry. Death said, "When will you sleep?"

'Duko said, "If you went and took a golden tree' and brought it to me to eat, I would have slept.

Death coffee brought him. It was a little late, and Death said he'd go tomorrow. 'Duko said, "Grandma, I'm sorry. Death said, "And where will you sleep?" 'Duko said, "Grandma, if you went and brought me a golden asraboba, I wouldn't have slept. And Death has brought it. Then it was a little better, and Death was up again. 'Duko said, "Yes, Grandpa I say I'm not. Death said, "Where did you sleep?" 'Duko said, "If you went to get sonee to get water and cook food for me to eat, don't let me sleep. Death gave sonee so to the river' When he drank the water, the asone had fallen. And 'Duko said to his brothers, "Just get up and run away." And ye'sore fled; and 'Duko went and cut abrode-mfokyee beguguu die and brothers de-da, and covered it with a cloth. And Death was in the river'; o'sa water. And Death 'Man freed Death 'Son, "Death e!" He said, "Be Calm. He said, "What are you doing?"

He said, "Open! I have a little baby; when I say, 'I'm going to kill him,' he says, 'My days'; he has taken away my things, and now he tells me to give him water to drink. Death 'The man said, "Ah! you learned, and you cut the leaves and drank them with sam sonee', and you drank that water, didn't the message go well?" Death 'Son said, "Oh, true." He cut the leaves, with guum' and that water koreye. 'Duko said, "Death, now have you come? Cook the food." Death cooked the food; he said that if he went to kill 'Duko's brothers he would cook food. Okoye, wanfwe, and he and his children 'ten mothers and killed us. Early in the morning, Death rose from the fire. 'Duko said, "Grandma, 'huriye is standing by your breast. Death said, "Take this pit and kill him for me. 'Duko said, "Esa! if you were here, and 'hurried to you, and the gold mine was there, and don't let me go and kill it. Death said, "Don't 'dan drink' and bring it. 'Duko is not a faye. Obo- apa, and he struck him with a covenant; wanku no. 'Duko said, "A! voice, die this ohuriye will sleep, I will sleep with him. And 'Duko has gone 'danm' and taken his box of silver tasen and the things gum' He said, "Grandfather, Death, unless I bring you 'huriye meto boto yim. 'Duko sat on it, flood, flood! He reached the crossroads; he said, "Grandfather Death! sebe o, if you were not strong, I would have taken your things; my brothers who have come with us have had 'a way to fight, you soso let me kill your children 'ten cows? I am the one. Death said, "This baby of yours, wherever you sleep, I will sleep with you!" ’Duko jumped on it, flood! yiridi! yiridi! and Death so e’path him. 'Duko e’kor’a, and he went to the brothers, and we’re tending ’kwanm’. He’s a fool. 'Duko said, "You guys? Death is coming, so you guys don't want anyone to take it. Efei die and Death has come upon us. 'Duko took medicine and put it on his brothers, and we went on the old man. And Death will stand under the tree. “This is where I saw the best of the best, and where are we going?” he said. ’Duko lives in the sky; he told the brethren, “I’m dwonso, I’ve put it on him.” The brothers said, “Well, he’s going to tie us up, and we’ll run away and live here, and you say, ‘I’ll throw it on him’?” 'Duko didn't listen, and he fell on Death. Death said, "Well! if you were here, you would have suffered!" Death said, “The sword you sit in the corner, you ’know-he-ne’, ’know-he-ne’.” In the woods nom’ some ate ato; ’kyere-he-ne’, and two ate ato. Then it will be ’Duko. Death said, “Akoda, you ’catch-he-ne’,” and ’Duko jumped down’, kirim’. And Death went up against him. ’Duko said, “You ’re a little boy, you’re your own ’catch-he-ne’.” And Death has come, tum! wato. ’Duko went to the drug posaye soaked the brothers, and we’re up sore. 'Duko says he’s thrown the medicine, and some of it hits Death, and Death wakes up. He said, "You killed me, but you raised me; then I will deal with you. And our cows are running around’, kiri! it's! it's! And Death e’pa us. Ye’be-koro, a river-kesie is flooded. And when ’Duko and the brethren were come, we knew adware, and we’d adware twaye. ’Duko only, he didn’t know the trade. The sword stood on the other side of the river; y’asu, asu, asu; our mouths are swollen. ’Duko so turned into an oboe. Death reached the river. He said, “If you’re standing around here, I’ll get a ’boo and throw it at your swollen mouths.” Death if he’s fallen to the ground’, he will fall if there is a stone lying there; he gave it to toye; the oboo no e’koro says, “Wind, carry me to the other side.” It built asuogya. 'Duko said, "I don't. Death said, "Oh, this sleeper, he! I have nothing to tell you, and what I tell you is to stay at home and become a god, and if anyone I take comes to you, you will tell me; Ene that Abosom will come ’manm’, and from the baby ’Duko. Believe me in my story, whether it is good or bad, and accept me with it.