Ye' don't say, don't say o

SE YOYE A FAMILY EKUONA BAA 'MANM'

A SON we're called Abena is there; whoever gives her to him for marriage says, "No. And she said to him, "The day I find the man I love, the day, if you are my son, and if you're anointed, I'll take anointing and put it on your forehead. This is what helped Ekuo hear this; he turned himself 'man down' to the son's city' And when Abena saw him, she ran to him, and said e'nom asra. He took the asratoa, and threw stones at his forehead' And that day the rabbit's sofuo boo said, "Ye'wura 'ba has seen die ope no. And we're going to take the guy home. And the son said, "This is the one I want. The man agreed, and he married her. He stayed there three days and said he would go to his hometown', and the son said he would go with him. And Ohema gathered together the things, and twenty-four men, to go with us. And we'd gone up to the outskirts of a town, and the heroes were outside. And the people said, "We're home?" The son's husband said, "My new wife, I'll take her home first, and when she's ready, she'll come home to call. And then he'siim' on his own. We've reached the bottom of a cliff. We'ko reached the bottom of the prane, the man sitting standing; he said, "How long has it come, and if I heard this. Abena said, "How are you?" The man said, "I'm good! I've been a gyre; and he's turned into a group. The people stand and say, "E! e, he says sen, he says he is good! and he is light!" The people did not stand in groups. Ekaa 'nipa fua pe, and the fugitive came home. And he went and told odekuro what he had seen. Odekuro and Ohema were shocked; he informed us that it was a good thing, and he added, "He said he was good! and he was a light!" and he also became Ekuo. This one said o'ka some, and turned Ekuo. The town hofuo stands turned into Ekuo, leaving him old fua. Later a odunsini came to the town' He said, "A! little town, people don't know?" Quiet! And waka again. Then an old woman said, "I am here. The doctor said, “Why are you alone in this city?” The old woman said, "When you come, let me sit somewhere. 'Dunsini said, "You are a thief; you have eaten the town's half mother, so I will kill you now unless you pay. The old woman said, “If I don’t, go and tie me up with a rope, and take my county save’.” The carpenter tied him up, and took him to the county seat’. And now die, the old woman gave him a smile and put it on, "He said he was good! and he was a light!" The rope was torn; aberewatia and turned Ekuo and o’koro him. This is what the witch said, "If I was old and killed these people. And he went and picked up posaye of herbs and poured them on the yawam’, and poured water on them’; and he took his body’; and he carried it with his sword. He set off’ against the wild’s. Obefwe that Ekuonom stood by, and he took a bodua bottle of medicine and drank it and sprinkled it on us, and we became human again. And it affected the good Team. And people came to ’fie. Ene se Ekuona family will come ’manm’; and from Abena's marriage to okoreye.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.