SE YOYE JUST HIS BIRDS OF 'MANM'

YE'SE there was a little town, and if a Bird rose one day, it would come and break the blood of the people. And Ananse heard this sa'sem, and went up to the city to drink. He went to the town drinking', and said to the town' inhabitants, "Why is this little town like this, and its people not waiting for you to be apostate?" The city dweller said, "Father, a little bird, which says die the sun is standing, has come to catch us, and has cut off our salvation. Kwaku Ananse said, "Well, I don't agree, and I'm going to kill him. Odekuro said, "E! this city can't be slow, and what will you do with your contemporaries?" Ananse said, "Don't bite my knife, now that I'm going to cut off his head with it, bam!" The sun stopped, and the Bird came to the tree, and gave it:

"E, e blood, blood e, E!

Take me away, E!

Take my fruit o!"

And Ananse has given up:

"Blood and se e, E!

Take the 'se podwe e, E!

I'm sorry, I'm sorry, E!

I 'm not sure!

Yes, it 's.

The Bird had come to stand in the corner. He said, "Whose voice has taken me and judged me, I've torn the city' 'half the blood, nobody really?"

And he has given it back:

"E, e blood, blood e, E!

Take me away, E!

Take my fruit o!" And Ananse said:

“ Blood and ’se e, E!

Blood and ’se podwe e, E!

I said, I said yes, Yes!

I didn’t come o!

Yes, I’m sorry.”

And Kwaku Ananse will sit at the door. And speak and honor’, and the city’s stable has fled leaving Ananse. The Bird had moved to the gate of Kwaku Ananse; and Kwaku Ananse has fled to the danm’ and has put a smile on his face, and the bird has lifted it:

“ O, e snow, snow e, E!

Don’t take me alone, E!

Don’t take my fruit o! ”

And Kwaku Ananse fled to burn the eating pekyiem’, and gave it up quietly:

“ Blood and ’se e, E!

Blood and ’se podwe e, E!

I’m sorry, I’m sorry, E!

I ’m not coming!

Yes, I’m sorry.”

The bird said he’d climbed a ’room and ate the pekyie, caught Duck, and Kwaku Duck had cut off his head with a knife, bam! The Bird's sin had moved to the Beach. Kwaku Ananse took the blood of the Anoma, and put it on; and he put the head of the Anoma on it; and he went and called the crowd, " Come and I will kill the Bird. We’re saying, “ Oh! The Kwaku Ananse, the liar, sees the animal.” Ye’see, “ Mo nyi or wise one and don’t fall.” The wise man went and heard somewhere, and saw the head of the beast lying there, and went, and said, " Drink your laws and help Kwaku Ananse. The crowd doesn’t stand baye. This one raises his above, and ode ahye. And you who did not get your die and fought for your neighbor's die; ene se ya and you are sick spread. And the Bird we went to and sin Beach, and we cut it into little pieces, and we put it together. Ene se birds will come to manm' many.

My story, whether it is good or bad, believe it, and accept it from me.