Ye’s not that, not that o

SE YOYE A CONFLICT BAA ’MANM’

A MAN, we’ll call him Kyiriakyinnyee was there, and so he went and tied his horse and cried’. And the beast ’Twe went to him, and he brought him to sit under the abe. And some of the abe from betoye. Otwe said, “Mr. Kyiriakyinnyee said, "That's how the bee is right; the bee is ripe for three; and my mother, whom I used to make, was three glasses of water; and I went to Akase, I went to Akase's wife; “This is what you help,” he said. And Kyiriakyinnye struck Otwe on the head with a stick, and killed him. And Abedee so fruit. He had taken her to sit under the abe sara. And the animal mother comes sara. Then Kwaku Ananse took his clothes, and put them on his shoulders, and went to the village of Kyiriakyinnyee’. “Father I’m sorry,” he said. Kyiriakyinny said, “Y’Aku, and where are you?” “I’m coming to you,” he said. And he set the sword under the abe. “Cook food for Ananse to eat,” said Kyiriakyinny. And we’re cooking the food, and Duck and Squirrel are sitting under the bee. And some of the abe from betoye. And Ananse has taken it to his bottom’. And he took it and filled it. We’ve brought food and Ananse ate. He finishes eating and some of the bee comes out of the abeto. Ananse said, “Father Kyiriakyinnye is a young man.” Kyiriakyinnyee said, "Sa and it was red, and it was three times; the little one, and I was my mother, and I made it three cups of water; and I went to Akase and went to Akase's wife; Ananse said, “Your help, indeed I, I have a stick in my field’, if ’so, I cut seventy-seven knees, not enough, not enough I sleep praise, I head to the cottage I live.” Kyiriakyinny said, "E! I've heard; tomorrow I'll be mabefwe. Ananse said, "Good news. The duck he’s gone, and he’s eating the bee he’s changed, and he’s pouring his water on the road’. In the morning Kyiriakyinnye set out for Ananse’s village’. And Ananse went ahead and told his children, "A man will come here, he hates doubt, and he comes, and asks me, you don't think I'm going to go somewhere I've broken seven kinds, and I gave it to the otomfuo boye, he couldn't finish. The next day, Kyiriakyinnyee came. Osee, “Where are you going?” We said, “E! Father, yesterday he went somewhere, and his coat’ broke seven pieces, and gave it to the otomfue, and he didn’t finish it, and he said he’d finish it, and Father, didn’t you see blood 'way?" Kyiriakyinny said, "I'm a hunoye. Kyiriakyinnye said, "And where are you 'ni so?" He said, "Then yesterday he went to the river, and brought his vessel from the stone; he drank, drank, he did not finish dry, and he said he finished dry. Kyiriakyinnye would have been fwe. Efei and Ananse come. He said, "Cook food for Kyiriakyinnye to eat. The cow e'cooked the food, and we fought for one apatere, and many mmeko; ye'de aye slowly yayaya. We've finished, we've put be in front of Kyiriakyinnye' Kyiriakyinny is a die. Now the mountains are angry; he's a liar. He said, "Ntikuma sa water for me to drink. Ntikuma fought for the water; he never gives water. Kyiriakyinnye said, "Where is the Ntikuma water?" Ntikuma said, "E! there are three kinds of water here; the father was the first; the latter was in the middle, and the latter was below; Kyiriakyinnye said, "E! this baby, you help. Immediately, Ananse said, "Let him fall. And Kyiriakyinnyee said, "Why don't we'mo' me to lie?" Ananse said, "You say you hate' doubt and you've got doubt, so I say we'm not going to let you go. Then we's beaten Kyiriakyinnye to death. Then Ananse cut his meat into pieces. Ene se doubt has come to many manm'

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.