Ye' don't say, don't say o

GRANDPARENTS GYINAMOA

AKOKOA Kwasi Gyinamoa had eight brothers and sisters, none of us had a husband, and we decided to go somewhere to find a husband. Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "I'll fight you. We're saying, "We're not fighting you. The old man said, "Your children go with us, and when we reach the 'road' and if we have a problem, he will kill us. We're sitting with Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa koreye. We've reached a river, and it's about e'sen hyire; about e'sen work; and about e'sen bidie. Ye'see, "E! how shall we cross this river?" Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa gave a bodua fweem' for two drinks of water, and we're going to go. Ye'ko reached a town; the city is a little bit. Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Quiet city, people don't know?" Then a bird said, "'People are 'near the house, and you alone. Ye'bekoro, an old woman with her head on her feet, and she's kissing. He saw the Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa, and he raised his head, to set it; he said, "My grandparents, why doesn't anyone come here and you come here?" Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "My brother has eight children, and we have no husband to marry, and we say, we will want a husband to marry. Grandma Aberewa said, "Oh! well, I have eight children too. Nana Aberewa sent her grandmother to call her children. Ye'baye no, woi see, "This is my husband," woi see, "This is my husband. After we're married, the old woman went to get the medicine we call "dokum", and used it to silence her children. And you're with him ye'ko daye. Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa also daye with the old woman. By nightfall, the old woman had set her teeth to fight, to kill her children. Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "E! e! e!" The old woman said, "Why?" Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "If I were in my village, don't send me a day that I can't sleep these days, and this has cut a wife's kantira to put on my grave, and she has taken a sonee to drink water for me. Nana Aberewa went down to the river, and Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa went to roll the dokum from the old children's silence, to wake the brothers. Aberewa came from the sea; he said, "If I heal the water, it doesn't heal. Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Go get a sudetee, and tear the green gum' and take it. The old woman fought yee sa, and healed the water guum'; and aye well. He brought a baye and took the wife's ogyam' and gave it to the Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa to eat, and he drank the water on it. Efei, otoo ho and slept. Nana Aberewa got up; he said, "I am!" He took his tooth, and went into the danm'; he touched the bed's neck', and die dokum sleeps in his neck' and sticks his teeth in it. He sa' and killed the seven cows. He doesn't know that he killed us as his own children. The next morning, Nana Aberewa went to the fields. Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa also told the brothers to let us escape. Nana Aberewa came from the field. Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Grandma Aberewa! Grandma Aberewa! If you were a fool, wouldn't you have killed your children? I am the one with my brothers." Nana Aberewa said, "Do nothing, die he knows you." He went, and Nana Aberewa turned to her daughter, and took a sword to Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa's village. we couldn't. Chicken Gyinamoa said, "I'm not married to you. Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Take it and die he knows you." The next day, we said, "Baby, go get your eyes cloth, went to the old woman's house'. She reached the corner, and the old woman said, "Why?" this is it. You go, you say, 'my eyes are sore, my eyes are blue He said, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. In the morning, I'm not married. "Child Kwasi Gyinamoa I have you," and took him to his village' I'll go to heaven, and I'll kill Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa." He got up, and Baby changed his clothes and snorted pupru! pupru! Grandma Aberewa's grandmother said, "'What do you finish?" He said, "Atadwe. "No I'm not." He opened it and went out. Grandma Kwasi Gyinamoa took the beewoma and killed it. I have set him on 'fire." Grandma Aberewa was the best, and she raised the hall.

"Baby, you killed Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa, No, you'll take some.

And he finished cooking the food; we're about we're eating. Nana Aberewa that bread fweo! fweo! Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Your grandmother's head is cut off. Nana Aberewa said, "What do you mean?" He said, "I say these breads are not salted. Nana Aberewa said, "Come and get some. And you'll take some come. We've finished eating, Grandma Aberewa said, "Now die I've killed Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa, my grandmother come. Obaye went and took money to make herself beautiful. Then Grandma Aberewa kissed her face here. He said, "Ah! this army is in front of you like I'm Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa. The Akoda said, “Grandma why did you know that Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa had killed eight of my brothers, so you’re angry with me?” “Shut up,” said Grandma Aberewa. Now the army ane against ’house. He prayed. “Take it to me alone and get to the summit,” he said. And Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa takes soaye. He reached the summit, and cut out the old silver that he had used as a stick, and tied it up. Then he said, "Grandma Aberewa! Grandma Aberewa! I am with him, Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, I will kill your grandmother again, and now I will take your money. Nana Aberewa said, “I remember your face as Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, yeidie, die you will go, I will go with you.” And we’d both run guum’, kiri! it's! it's! Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa reached his village’, and gave the money to his family, and set out on the road and went to burn the road, and Nana Aberewa went there. And if you’re on the road, you’ll hear the roadside “pe!”. And Grandma Aberewa is the one who drives Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.