Ye’s not that, not that o

SE YOYE A YONKOGORO BAA ’MANM’

OBOFUO is with him ye’ and it’s gone but. And Osebo fought and caught the obofuo weye, and it remained with his wife, pemfuo. And the son went to the fields’, and went to meet Osebo ’s son and asked him, “What do you want?” The son said, “My husband and I came, and Osebo killed him.” Osebo ’ba said, “I tell you, so don’t come here again, and if you come here, and if your father hits you, he will kill you.” The son did not listen, and went back to the pigs’, and Osebo went to catch him, and brought him ’home. And Osebo ’s son saw the son, and said to him, “I am sick.” Because of the son he saw. Osebo said to his ’son, “If you are sick, you will pass the kodwa meat.” Odwaye, and saw that he was lying in bed’, and took him out and put him somewhere. And he said asked him, "Dieben did you throw your arms?" The sword said, “Die me fight the throw, if you hunoye, message this meat, you’ll eat.” Osebo cooked the food. He told his son to eat it, and he replied, "Because I have seen my pain, I believe that if I eat it, I will die. “Your help,” he said. The next morning, he said he went out into the woods, and his 'son went and took the coffin and came 'home to lay it down. And he took a quail; onoaye, kyii and water to give the akoda a drink. He dreamed that when he said he would come, he hid the bed. The Akoda lasted about a year and grew up; Anansesem 's son grows up tomorrow. The man asked Osebo, "What are you doing?" He said, "I'm bringing Animal 's Coffee. He said, "I'm going to bring 'Man 'to Kofi. Animal 'son Kofi said to 'Man 'son Kofi, "I want to play with you, but I'm afraid of father, and you're afraid, so lately I've told him not to lie to me, and if he lies to me and I see it, I'll kill him. He said come, and the Beast 's son Kofi said to him, "Show me the atoo. He said, "Tomorrow morning. The next morning, he said he went to a place where we had cleaned it white, and he said he was hurried, and his 'son was hurried, and he said he went to bed praising. He said, "Hurri will be on me. Animal 'son Kofi jumped, and he stood on him, and Animal 'son Kofi struck him in the throat' He called 'Man 's son Kofi, "I've got him and come. He ran koye and cut off his head with a knife. The Beast 's son Kofi said to the Man 's son Kofi, "Now die, I am equal to you, so let us go and bury him. We're going to bury him, and we're going to come home. Animal 'son Kofi said to 'Man 'son Kofi, "I believe you want to go to your hometown. 'Man 'cause Kofi said, "Yes, but I don't see it. Animal 's son Kofi said, "I, I'm going to give you a gift. He got up, and there were some people in the graveyard, and we said, "Surely this man and his wife fought, but no one has heard of us. Then Aboa 'ba Kofi ran and said to 'Man 'ba Kofi, "I have seen you in the town', and the good I went to see us, we're wearing clothes, so I'm going to bring you some. The animal 'son of Kofi went down' to the 'road, and the 'batafuo' passed. He understood', and 'batafuo and atoto ye'nnooma agugu, and we'dwaneye. Animal 's son Kofi took the cloth and brought 'Man 's son Kofi. Then 'Nipa 'ba Kofi said, "Aka 'tuo and atu-duro. Animal 's son Kofi fought for a piece of bread. Animal 's son Kofi asked 'Man's son Kofi, "Will you praise me?" 'Man 'ba Kofi said to him, "I stand before you' here, I can't tell you now. Animal 'son Kofi de 'Man 'son Kofi set up' to bring him to his village' And when we reached the road, Animal 'son Kofi said to 'Man 'son Kofi, "This is your town, and this is your town, every day I bring you meat together; 'Man 'son Kofi arrived 'home, and reported that he had gone to the woods with oni and ose', but we're all dead, and he's been killed. People gave him a due. He shot, yes he buried his mother finished. And the Beast 's son Kofi sode, he brought meat. By evening, he had come to her. And then soon, he was married. When the son fights, he gives him a place to sleep. In the morning, he would bring meat together' for his ye' His wife saw that he never went into the woods and got meat, but he did not eat it. One night we slept together, the son said he touched the husband, and he touched someone's toroka, and the husband slept there. The next morning, he went and informed his people, "If I kill' his friend is Osebo, and if he gives him meat. The crowd took a gun and went straight to the apa, and it was dark, and Osebo said he would put meat e'be on the apa, and we shot him. Animal 's son Kofi said, "'Man 's son Kofi, people don't have aye. 'Man 's son Kofi heard, ran to take him, and laid him there, and went to tell the city, that it was good with the man and the ose koreye, and the suffering he had seen. He said, "So if this beast is dead, I will fight it, and it is because of me that it is dead. And he gave us two boxes; and he's Animal 'the son of Kofi or the author'; and one so boo 'shot, and we've put him in a box bakom' And we're buried there. And ye'see, "You nose goes you ayonko goes. It says that friendship came to 'manm'

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.