Ye' don't say, don't say o

AS THE SOUL, THE DAY YE'BE HUNO IS ON THE ROCK, AND THE CROW IS ON THE ROCK

YE'SE there is a son, he is dead, he is dead. And he went' to a 'monster to ask if he wanted to have a baby. Obosom said, "I will give you some, and in the morning, ekabo will do the work for you, but no he will pay. In less than five days, less than three days the baby was pregnant. Owoyeanansesem 's son, he grew up—and the warrior grew up to be a beautiful young man. One day he was there, and he said, "Well, give me money and I'll go. He said, "Meehe?" He said, "Rivers. And the man gave it to him, and he went up' koreye. And o'koro, he met a man and his 'dog's tail. He said, "Give it to me. The dog owner said, "You can't play. The sword said, "Meehe?" The owner of the dog said, "Asuanu. He said, "Well deen! asuanu save. He took the 'dog, and brought it 'home. The woman said, "Why, you don't know?" He said, "I've put the money in the dog. Today he said, "Ho!" Then he is there, it will be one month. He said, "Eno, give me money I'll just stick. He said, "You're really going to have to throw money away again, and where do you want it?" He said, "Learn and be afraid. He said, "Take it. And he put it on the bata road. O'koro'a, and went to meet a man and ofua the animal. He said, "'Man take this judgment and give it to me. He said, "When I turned around, the snow'd eat my leg, so I threw it. He said, "I laugh at you take it for me. He said, "You 're not able to. The sword said, "Where will you take it?" He said, "Learn and be afraid. He said, "This is why, take it. The sword took 'the soul, and took it 'home. When he got home, he said, "Here's my knee!" He said, "Oh! we can't. The akoda is there. It will be forty days, and he will say to the man, "Give me money and I will go alone. The man said, “I don’t have enough money, the rest is four, I’ll give it to you, if you fight and don’t buy things, it’s over.” “I’ve heard,” the army said. In the morning he raised his bottom, and pa! oko. O’koro’a, he went to meet an Asantekwa, and he robbed Aburuburo. “Friend, give me your animal,” he said. “I don’t sell it, I go about it,” he said. He said, “I sing.” The owner of the bird said, "I don't sell him, and I know what he will do for me. The sword said, "Oh! give it to me. He said, “Can you lie?” The sword said, “Meehe?” He said, “Asuasa.” He said, “This is why, take it.” He brought the bird home. Oni said, “Well, what have you brought?” “What I brought him,” he said. The sword is there, and the Frog has called to him, “Come!” Okoreye, and Aburuburo said to him, “I am the king of my country’, and I said I’d go ’on a journey and a slave would catch me and you’d beat me, you’d beat me, and I’d laugh at you, if you’d take me to my country’, we’d be very grateful.” “You help, and you will escape,” the army said. Aburuburo said, “If you don’t see’ me, put a rope on my fire’, and take me to fight.” The sword took a rope and set him on fire’, and followed him slowly to the village of Aburuburo’. We’ve reached the crossroads, and the sleep isn’t right. We’ve seen him, we’ve said, “He’s a king! One went and told the king of Corinth, and he was arrested and cut off his throat, saying, "You'll remember us. And you fight again, sa’ra. Then Akwamu’hene said, “Gyase’hene you yourself get up some coffee.” Oko fwee and obaye. “Of course!” he said. And we’ll take the apakan and the royal koreye to the king’s house. He informed the public that he was traveling and a slave caught him, and sa this day, a day, and he caught him, then he brought him back. Mpan’infuo and nkoda stands up and sleeps under the sword. Ohema offers a container of gold futures; mpan’infuo stands for a pot, a pot for. The king himself kissed his hand and gave it to him. And he said, "Take this ka', and whatever you want, this ka' will be done for you. He said, “I’ve heard.” And he took the car’ and went to his town’; and he gave the money and the ka’ to the man. Then he said, “Welcome Aku, welcome Aku!” First he orders the money, then he comes, then he calls the person, he does not answer. And he said to the man, "You have seen this money and this money; I will go and build a little city for us to live in. “Close your eyes,” Oni said. The sword stood’ against the wu-ram’; he threw the ka’ down’; he said, “Ka’ do here stand for me!” And it doesn't stand ado. He said, “Pull it on!” And atwe. “Build buildings!” he said. He had built many buildings. He said, “Ka’, let people come and live in these houses!” And people have come. Omaa gave the ’hema; he also became ’king. Also speak with him honor’, and Ananse’s good friend’ him no. One day, Kwaku Ananse set out’ for this army’s town. He said, “Oh! enoa ’s son, agyawa ’s son, you got yourself, and you didn’t kiss me, and how did you do this?” Enee the army booed him suffering standing. Ananse said, “Oh! I’m going to my country’ and I’m coming.” Ananse fought his country’; he said to his brother, "I will send you to my friend, and when you are alone, take this wine to him, and whatever he says to you, listen to it; The girl went’ to the ’man’s town’. The man said to her, “I will not let you alone, but stay with me for three days before you fight.” “I’ve heard it,” the girl said. The girl was with him and the man was fighting; and he rolled the ka’ and laid it on the table; and the girl is faye; and he gave it to the rich man, Kwaku Ananse. Ananse's hands are good, he built a little town. And then the man says he’s going to be his ka’, he doesn’t see. He heard that Ananse had built a small town bigger than his own. Enee oko asked about Obosom. The worshiper said, "The duck has taken the son of your cousin who came to you. The duck has also gone to ask and saw that Soul and Dog will send us. So he has taken medicine to make meat to put on the road. The man came home, and said to the Soul and the Dog, "The reason I hit you is that it has reached; and my thing is lost, and we say it is with Ananse, and it lies in his box in the middle. The dog said, “Soul you’ve heard, you’ll eat.” Soul said, "So'ho, and you a 'cause you smell your scent. So it was a quarrel, and our Lord said, "It is well with you. The two animals stood up.

koye. It will be a little while before we get to where the meat is, if 'The dog ate the meat flat. He said, "Soul my heart' is hurt, and I 'm not alone. Okra said, "Let's fight and this matter is important. He said, "Soul, I 'm not sure. Okra sim'

koreye. And Okraman fought for the meat; wee no standing; and oda ho; he can't go anywhere else. The Soul had reached Ananse's village', and had fallen upon Ananse's lodgings, and pata. When it's hot, you'll be killed like Akura e'sane. His head up, right! He said, "Nkyeme, and what?" He said, "My lord says' it's lost, and we're saying it's the Duck box in the middle of the deem', and if you dare to get it for me, then I'll leave you. Akura said, "I'm strong. Soul said, "What if I leave you, and you fight and you don't bring it, and you run away?" Akura said, "If you want, put a rope around my waist. Okra grabbed his waist with a rope' So Akura went to Ananse's danm', and went to the bonee box in the middle. He boomed' the hole a little bit, and it was kesie. The lady' fought and took the ka' and gave it to Okra. Soul on hand kaye, he ran with it, betoo 'kraman and slept what he slept. He said, "You are still here, and where is the meat?" The dog said, "Ah! I don't see, the shelter we've taken; and where's the ka'?" Soul said, "Enie. The dog said, "The river that lies in the way', we're saying funeral', and when you cross the river, you walk under, and it will be a trap, and give it to me, and I know I walk by eye. The soul said, "Yes, save it.

We've reached the river, and 'the dog has jumped atom' Okra sa'ra. Now Okra is cut off. 'The rabbit also reached the middle of the river, and was tired, and said o'gu hom'kokoko, and the ka' had thrown the trap into the water'

Harvest came to Okra you. Soul said, "Where is the Ka'?" He said, "The trap is in the water' Okra ran to the river to drink'; obefwe that a little thought' passed' And Okra has caught him. The mind' said, "Why?" He said, "I've got a trap in this river now, so if you don't like it, give me my thing now. If you don't, I'll kill you now. Mind said, "Let's go to the hill, and I'll give you yours alone. "Father, I'm laughing at you, you're going, just tell. Maybe, I went and got the ka' to 'come, Okraman told me, ona crosses the river by the eye so I don't give the ka' to him. I gave it to him and he threw it into the river' Then little by little I get it." The people we're standing around say, "Don't accept the Soul. E!" And the king said, "Your 'Soul, whatever food I eat, I must put some in your stomach' Every little thing I sleep on unless you sleep on it. Your 'Kraman also so except asomorofi and when it comes to night, sleep. Take a kiss and the crocodile will kiss you." That is, you will never see the Soul and take a good little one and sleep on it. Then you put food on the ground' without eating.

Believe me in my tale, whether it be good or bad, and accept me not.