Ye' don't say, don't say o

"STAY HERE AND YOU WILL SEE"

An OBA and his 'son lived there. When he sent him, he said, "I will not. His 'ni said, "Stay there and you'll see. When he sent him, he said, "I will not go. And the man said unto him, Sit thou there, and thou shalt see. One day the sleeper said, "This day you tell me, 'Sit there and you will see'; voice die pa'a, I go to 'see' mafwe. And he osiim' O'koro, and Pea's ears are closed. The pea' asked him, "Why does no one come here, and you have come here?" The sword said, "Mother and I were sitting there; she said, 'Sit there and you will see,' and I said I'll want to see you. The pea' said, "One is me but his kesie is in front of me' The army stopped' again. O'koro'a, he will smile as the Fire' meets him. The fireman' asked him, "Why doesn't someone take 'this way and you've taken it?" The sword said, "Day, mother said, 'I see', and I said I'd like 'I see' to kiss. Ogyayenten' said, "Something to me, but go ahead. And the army stopped' Obekoro, The sword is on the sword, and it comes; he met her. Ogyasirama said, "Why doesn't anyone come here and you come here?" The Akoda said, "When I'm with this, he says, 'I see' and I say I'll 'I see' and kiss. Ogyasirama said, "One is me, but go ahead', and kesie you do. The sword was on again. Okoye and Only e'tare 'dan. The cow said, "This die we'll have someone's blood on this house. Then the army arrived, and we said, "Why hasn't anyone come here, and you've come here?" He said, "That's when I was with him; he said, 'Stay and you'll see,' and I said I'd like to 'See' and kiss. And the Nko took the sword and drank, and we cut off his head, and poured out his blood; we've put some on the floor. The Nko dug up and settled on a tall tree, and when they came, he would drink the blood with his stick' and his stick would become war. The mountain stands we've planted boboom', so that we've made a sign. And one day Nko no bako see he's going to eat. And he went to the akoda 'ni. And the man asked the Ako, "My 'son and I live with him, he's a 'quad like something. And when I got up, I told him to stay and he'll see, sebe, his 'fool says he's going to want 'I'll see' a kiss. Ako said, "Oh! the woman is our'town, and we are' killing her. Some of her blood we've made this sign on my neck. So you' this one, go tell your people not to say, 'Sit there and you'll see, and he'll be hanged. "

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.