We’re not saying, ’we’re not saying o

IF ’YOYE IS GOOD WE WILL CALL IT ANANSESEM

KWAKU ANANSE went to God to give him the 'God's Word. God said, “Can you stop?” The duck said, "Oh! I'm sorry. God said, “The strongest towns are like Kokofu, Bekwai, Asumengya aba, we can’t build them, and you Kwafwiaban will build them?” Ananse said, “What is the meaning of the word?” God said, "We don't have any children except, Beast Oni, Osebo, Mmoatia, Mmoboro. Ananse said, "I'll bring some wood, I'll bring my old woman, Six, with me. God said, "Go bring it. Ananse came, and he told the man, "I want to kill you, and God told me to bring Onini, Osebo, Mmoatia, Mmoboro, and I said, I will add you to fight for God. And Ananse asked me ye’ Aso, “How can we get Onini?”. And Aso said to him, "You eat go and cut the tonton and cut the demer with it, and bring it. And Ananse came. And Aso said, "Take it to the river. And Ananse took the one, and said, "It's better, it's better; you help, it's better. Ananse said, "He's the one who sleeps. “Why?” the man asked. Ananse said, "It is not the Ear that argues with me, that this tonton is taller than you, and I say it helps. Onini said, "Come on, be thinking of me. He put the tonton on Onini. He said, "Pull yourself in. And Onini pulled him in, and Ananse put the demere on him, weaving! great! great! and built a tire. Ananse said, "Fool, I'm taking you to save Anyankonsem. Ananse fought for God. God said, "I've got it, I've got it left. The Ananse years came and I was told, "Aka Mmoboro. His wife said, "Pe towa, gum' water, and fight. Ananse went to the forest' to kiss that Mercy passed by, and poured some of the water and sprinkled it on Mercy. Ananse poured the rest on himself and cut a brodee-ahan to cover his head. Then he said to the Mercy, "This rain is coming, so you come and burn my bottle yi'a if this rain doesn't kill you, you don't want me to cover myself with bread leaves?" Ena Mmoboro said, "Thank you Aku, thank you Aku. The mercy doesn't stand a gun bottle drink', fom! Father Ananse paid the price. He said, "Fools I've got you, I'm taking you to save Anyankonsem. He gave Mmoboro to God. God said, "I've got it, I've got it left. Ananse came again, and said to his wife, "Aka Osebo. Aso said, "Don't believe. Ananse said, "Let me see. Enie Ananse went to pee Osebo kyeneno and dug a long country, and covered it, and came 'home. In the morning, Ananse says he goes, he goes, Osebo and sleeps among the nations' Ananse said, "Agyawa 'ba! Enawa 'ba! if I told you not to drink wine, if you really went to drink stones, that's why you came to the country'; The gossip says, "Oh! me." Duck went and cut two trees, put one here, and put the other there. He said, "Put one hand here, and put one hand there." And Osebo put it together took Osebo and said, "Fool I take you to God." God said, "I have received, what is left rope grabbed Akua Ba's waist, and placed him under a pillar where the animals would play. He said, "Eat it. And when he had finished eating, he gave thanks. Oda doesn’t answer. And the Beast said to the brother, "I thank him, let him answer. The brother of the wolf said to him, "Shut him up. And wabo, pa! And he’s got his hands on it. “I got it,” he told the brother. He said, "Take the other one, hit it dark again. And he booed her pa! and ’yi no so added. And Mmoatia said to his brother, "I have two hands left. “Take your fucking darkness,” he said. He darkened it, and his body was added. And Ananse came and bound him; he said, “Fool I’ve got you, I’m going to fight you to save Anyankonsem.” And ode koo ’s house. And Ananse said to the man, Ya Six, "Get up, let us fight, I will only take you with this Mmoatia except Anyankonsem. He gave us up, to God. He said, "God, here's Mmoatia, here's my old woman I remember, too. God so free Ko’ntire and Akwam’, and Adonten, and Gyase, and Oyoko, and Ankobea, and Kyidom. And he put it before us, “There have been many kings, we have not been able to sing Anyankonsem, Kwaku Ananse has been able to sing; I’ve received him Mercy; I’ve got him Mmoatia; I’ve got it Osebo; I’ve got it Male; he himself Ananse has put oni on; the things don’t stand and they’re lying around here.” “Don’t let him,” he said. He said, “Yes!” God said, “Kwaku Ananse, from this one voice, I forgive you with Anyankonsem, kose! kose! kose! We don’t call it Anyankonsem anymore, and we don’t call it Anansesem.” My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.