Ye' don't say, don't say o

IF YOYE ATURUKUKU GO WURAM' MAA AKOKO SO CAME 'HOME

AKOKO and Aturukuku mean 'if that' means 'if that' This is what Akoko said to Atrukuku, "Go to Serem', and I'll go to kwayem', and if you get food, then you'll tell me. And we've been praying' For three years Aturukuku had not seen his brother. She said to her husband, "Let us go and leave me alone to seek my brother." And the husband said, "Your rest I have heard, duom let me alone leave you. And one went up' to the crossroads. We've seen a coffee shop, and there he met a brother. And Akoko asked Aturukuku, "You went to the Desert, did you get food to eat?" He said, "Die me go get wheat; and if I run away with six children with me, and if we do as die I'fa our my farm with me, he will be angry and shoot, pom! kill my children, and if I am not wise, he will kill me. And when he had finished, Akoko said, "Die me koye me ye odehyee preko. And the Frog asked him, "You 'dehyee preko', tell me the meaning. And Akoko said, "My 'dehyee' means that if my master wants a good kettle, I'll sleep on it, and I'll eat it, and if my master wants meat to eat, I'll eat it; whatever food my master eats, I'll take it is the royal preko no no. Akoko said, "Die you heard it was bad, so Monday Sunday, bring your children and your husband, let's stay at our house. Aturkuku said, "I've heard, I'm fighting, and Monday Dapa I'm coming. And a thief came to Akoko's town, be shook the nails. We've asked him, "Grandma, Aden?" He said, "Dente see, for two years you have given him the kingdom, so you go and ask the king to give you twelve cows in four hills. This the king went and took four hills, took twelve cows to fufu, and went to Dente's house and cut four hills on it, and put his wings and head, and feet around the house; and he puts it on the femfam ho. This is what the Weekly Frog said o'go to meet his brother. He will go, to Dente's house, and kiss his brother's wings, and his head, and his nya', his atabu, his liver, and his seven. Aturukuku said, "This die I'm not going to fight anymore. And Aturukuku jumped up and said:

"I'm not sure!

Awereho o!

Your Akoko 'dehyee your head is this? Your Chicken 'dehyee you tabu is?

Your Akoko 'dehyee your feet here?

Your Chicken 'dehyee you berebo is?

Your Akoko 'dehyee you seven here? "

And Aturukuku said, " I sleep only in the forest' again and the forest is not good. So the Frog said Serem', and the Chicken said 'home.

My story, whether it is good or bad, believe it, and accept it from me.