Ye' don't say, don't say o

IF YOU'RE GOING BABI, AND YOUR BROTHER IS GOING TO FIGHT WITH YOU, GO WITH HIM

A SON was born there, and she has had three children. Akuma who odim' sick doe. The old brothers told us to give us money and we went together. The ax said, he will go. We're going to go with him. Ye'ni said, we're not alone. And ye'ni gave the mpan'infuo the river and fear. The army was soso osua. In the morning, ye'siim' The Mpan'infuo fought and left the army. The akoda siim' a little bit koreye. The Mpan'infuo went to meet a man with an e'ba idea. He said to the elders, "Put it down. Ye'see, "Go, and you will meet a cow; let him fall, and if he says he doesn't, fall, let him fall; and if he says he doesn't, take it back to the man. The servant did fight the sword. He said, "A mpan'infuo I met us, says you have this idea. The Akoda said, "If we don't put the mpan'infuo, I'll put it?" The servant said, "If we don't, I'll help you, and I'll take you back to your honor. The sword said, "Where are you?" The servant said, "Learn!" And the army paid and saved. He went and bowed to a town of the mpan'infuo. If we cook food, we don't have meat to eat. The sword said, "This is my toye idea. And we've put it on the road' We're done, and the old man gave him the head of the idea. The sword when he's 'bom', he'll kiss it like a coin of gold and it's in it', and he'll put it on the edge of his clothes. In the morning the field rose, and we went and met a man, and a cockroach was sitting on his belongings. When he met the elders, he said, "You are a hero. We're saying "Go and you'll meet a warrior, let him fall, if he doesn't fall, kill him. He did meet the army. He said, "Your elder brothers say, kill this cow, and if you don't, I'll kill you, and I'll take you alone for your honor. He said, "Die me you are, take it. And the servant gave him the coconut. We've reached a town. The town's hills are not' at all, and we're desolate. In the morning, the warrior's hero boneye. Odekuro said, "Akoda, give me a coconut to eat. The sword said, "He learns his fear. Odekuro paid the price. The next day we'set' again. Ye'koro, the mpan'infuo went to meet a man and ofua 'kra. He said, "You sing 'this soul. The old man said, "Take it and you will meet a cow; give it to him to play. If he says he doesn't play, play it, and take it back to the man. The servant went to meet the warrior. He said, "Your elders say, you bury this soul, and if you don't, I'll help you and take you back to your honor. The sword said, "Where are you?" The servant said, "He learns his fear. The Akoda paid 'a price; and he went to a town of his grandfather's house. Eho 'On the Dekuro, he slept, and the wolves ate his feet' The shepherd took his cattle there, went to the King's house, and went to catch the pigs there. Odekuro said, "The man whose animals are here, I sing. The sword said, "I'm a. Odekuro said, "Where are you?" The sword said, "He learns his fear. Odekuro felt the money in his hands' In the morning, we're on it. The Mpan'infuo is the same; we've met the seven, we've stolen the 'fun' of a little King. The Akronfuo said, "Don't put this 'fun. The elders said, "Take him away, and you will meet a grave; take him away. If he says he doesn't, take him away, and take him away to the man. The Akronfuo goes, and we're going to meet the army; we're saying, "The old man says, 'to 'fun' this. The sword said, "E! efun' die me nto me nye dien, and I'm not able to carry it; if I fwe it, it's not good. The Akronfuo said, "Your old man says, if you don't, we'll kill you and we'll take you alone for your honor. The sword said, "Where are you?" We've said, "Learn and be afraid. And the army paid for the 'fun' and put it in the woods' And he went up, and came to a certain village, and went into a certain house to buy food. 'The landlord said, "There is nothing. The sword said, "Grandma I'm laughing at you. The landlord said, "There is nothing. The sword said, "Grandma I'm laughing at you. The master of the house said, "What has this sword done to me? we 'King is dead, we have fasted; seven days his voice; even his 'fun' we'pe not seeing. An old woman sat there, and said, "Give him some. The son gave him food and meat. The Akoda is complete. He said, "'Householder, the King's 'fun', I have seen; and yesterday my son, a holy place gave me toye, river and fear. The son ran, flood, flood! but the mpan'infuo suffered. We'be took the sword koreye, and he went to catch our 'fun' We'll take these, and we'll bury them father. We're saying, "Yeidie, you've been 'King well. And the army ate the 'King. Then the older brothers heard of him, and we came, then we became families with him. The soldier said, "Get out of there; I don't know you, and you are alone. And he let his servants pamee us. Ene se ye'se, "If you're going somewhere and your younger brother wants to fight with you, go with him alone.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.