SEDIE IS GOING TO BE APO’PO

A WOMAN was a scientist, and she went to a deity to ask. The god said to her, "If you have this child, he will die, but I will try for you, and what I tell you is that the child Ohema 'ba 'God, and if you have him, he will not be afraid. Ampa’ra gave birth to him. Anansesem ’s son doesn’t grow up. The Akoda is called Akosua Denta. Sedie the god said to the man, osode a, you have married him, you have anointed him, you have cooked something for him to eat, and he goes to the field’. One day she didn’t have time to cook anything for him to eat, and she said to her side Kra, “I’m going to the field’, and cook something for Akosua Denta to eat.” And the man sat’ down. And Kra finished cooking the bread, and said, "Akosua Denta come and eat this fufuo and your Kingdom. “My children,” he says. “Just come on, and be quiet,” the soul says. And Akosua Denta got up and went; he went to get the womma and gave birth to the fufu. Finally, he went to the daily danm’, and covered his head with a blanket. The soul said, “Denta”; song! Obebie with a headscarf; Akosua Denta is dead; he put the cloth back on her. Soon someone from the field’s come. The woman did not want him ’came, and went to the rescue to finish cooking. Then he said, “Soul, where is Denta?” He said, “Grandma, even his food I cooked happened to him and it happened here.” “I’ve heard it,” Oni said. Enie the man went to the danm’, to fetch the cloth to the abontene cope. Obeko danm’, something is hidden. He opens the cloth, and kisses that Akosua Denta is dead. He said, “Soul, if you said Denta went abontene, and if he died?” Kra says, “Grandma I don’t see it.” Enie's son put on a sackcloth and put his 'son in the back, and carried him out of the street and wept; and Odekuro came, and said, "Take your son out and let us bury him. The King said:

“And I and my son Akosua Denta, And my mother, I took him to the river, Ye se, Ohema ’son.

I have some fighting as Ohema ’s son Siankwa, Grave ’s son, My son well I bury him here.”

And he set out, and went to a town, and when he came to it, Odekuro said, "Go and get the grave, I will bury it, and we hate it. The king said:

“And I and my son Akosua Denta, And my mother, I take me to the river, Ye se, Ohema ’ba I get some, Ako se Ohema ’ba, Siankwa, Adamowa ’ba, I ’ba well I bury him here.”

And he built it again. Walk, walk, walk some forest’, now the sword was broken, and he threw it away, and came home. And Odekuro asked him, "Where's the sword?" “Let yo throw it away,” he said. And Odekuro said, "Wafere, if you have a message for him here, let us bury him handsomely. That’s why the mpan’infuo says, “When your ’son dies, ya think, let it hurt you.” And the son fought and threw his ’son away in vain. Then the son said, "Put the soul in the 'wadurom' and build it for me. Enie nkrofuo went to it, pu! pu! pu! and we built it feko! feko! feko! Now, it's left defuo, we put it on, nwensen! ye are sitting on it, and ahuri; ene babadua to the lake. Ene that babadua will become apo’po, and the old message, and it trom! trom!

Believe in my story, whether it is good or bad, and accept it from me.