We’re not saying, ’we’re not saying o

SEDIE CONFLICT COMES TO MANM’

YE sees a fugitive and goes into the woods’; he will kiss some nations’ and ’Nipa, Osebo, Owo, and Kusie are standing’. These people saw the sword, and said, "Father, the sword will save me. They said, "The Father will take me away. Obofuo said, "My children, I will only release you tomorrow, and if you find me, what you do to me, I do not want. Woi said, "I can't. Woi said, "I can't. Obofuo said, "Then I'll take you out. Indeed, he removed the stick and went to the city. One day, Obofuo was there, and Osebo brought a lot of meat. He said, "Father Obofuo, thank you for the good you have done me, I thank you Apiafo. He brought Obofuo twelve mmedes of meat. Obofuo thanked him, and Osebo koreye. 'Again Obofuo is there and Okusie has come. He said, "Father Obofuo, do you want money?" Obofuo said, "Ho! adentira, as what 'man ebere pe 'a no no. Okusie went up to the money that God kept. He dug a hole in the basement, and went to the drinking room, took God's golden futuro stick, and brought it to Obofuo. Obofuo said, "I don't understand Aku. And Okusie is the same. One day he will hear, "Ago!" Obofuo said, "Man!" Onipa came; he said, "Father Obfuo makye. He heard, "Ya nua o!" He said, "Here's a handshake to thank you. Father Obofuo said, "I don't want to, and man says to me, if I don't have you, look at what Osebo has brought me, look at what Kusie has brought me. 'Man took his hand and went to God and said to him, "Your lost money, that Kusie will take it and give it to Obofuo. God said, "Really?" He said, "Grandma torororo. God took anger and caught Obofuo with a rope around his waist. Ye fwee no pass! Efei ye de 'bofuo reached the road', he said, "Elders, I laugh at your efo de me. The angry man said, "No, 'crocodile will run away. He said, "Oh! I am running away, and if you will, tie a rope around my waist and tie me to a tree. Listen to the anger, let it koreye. He was there, and he was well, and Aboatea came. He said, "Take this dufa, and take it, and you alone, we will take you to the table', and if we kill you, I will go to the King's daughter' mako tell him 'ba yere; The Obofuo said, "I'm d'asing Aku. The Angry, with Angry koreye, stood before God and Ko'ntire, and Akwam', and Adonten, and Gyase, and Kyidom' Obofuo said his words, Okyeame sodeye if you answer the judgment, we will hear the mmam' of 'a, pui! pui! Ye see, "Aden?" Ye see, "God 's son is the wife and he has the rest. People don’t stand out from it. Then Obofuo stood up and said, "Ah! if I were a prisoner, I would have medicine. A servant heard it, and went and said, "Bring him to the man who is hanged. Enie Obofuo came. God said, "If you dare to kiss my 'son, and he does not die, I will forgive your head. Obofuo said, "I've heard 'defuo. Obofuo said, "Grandma, what I mean is, if you get any, it's my time to kiss him. We see, "Where is Edie?" He said, "The blood of the concussion, and we see it. We said, "Where do we get the blood of the Congo?" A wise man said, "Where is the servant who told God that he would come and steal God's money?" Ye see, "Your help, your help. We fought and took the slave. Obofuo said, "Take his hand and give me his blood. Now we're lost. Obofuo used the blood to kill the King's son. Now he's sore. He said, "Don't accept Obofuo. Ye see, "Yes!" God said, "I will forgive you your head, and you shall not kill the Konkonsani, nor cut off his flesh, nor scatter it. We kill it, and cut it into small pieces, and spread it out. He said, The Congo comes manm' a lot.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.