SEDIE EFUO TREE IS WHITE

WE are like the Elephant, the Crocodile, the Deer and the Deer, and we are there; and we see, we go to a city to fight for marriage. Ena is the siim’. We are one, we fought for a while. “Stop by and I’ll ask you a question,” Anyinhima said. He said, “And this is the way, and who is ’efe?” Esono said, “It’s Fuck.” Kwakuo said, “If that’s the case, you guys let’s kill him, and we’ll put him in the atekyem’.” Ampa’a, and we beat him, we burned him in the atekyem’, and we went. Enie Efuo sodeye ’did us a little bit, a little bit, and sat on the summit. And the people went to the town’ ye befwe mbaba and ’esam gyedua’se. The girls saw us. They said, “I want them”; they said, “I want them.” And the krofu married his children. There was a young woman there, and she went to the field’, and she said to the man, “When the young men come, take ’one for me.” And he came out of the field, and said unto him, Whence art thou? “I’m going to go and we’re going to take it,” he said. “Don’t do anything,” the son said. The odwa brodee, and osee oko to no hono agu suminaso. And sa Efuo comes, and he sits in the suminaso. The son said, he threw the grass, Efuo said, "Don't fall on me. The son said, “Where?” He said, “I am.” “Eden?” the son asked. He said, “I’m coming to ’wadee with my age, and we’ve beaten me and we’ve hated, hated, hated, so I’ve come to stay here.” “I want you to come home,” he said. One went to him, and drew water, and washed him. He put the sapo on himself a little bit he kissed himself and hyem! hyem! The son said, “Eno come kiss and heal his kiss and play.” And one said, "Finish the marriage. And the odwaree was finished; and he anointed him, and took his sandals, and took his harp, and sat down under a juniper tree, and rejoiced. The mother’s children who were already married saw her and said, “I don’t want my husband anymore,” they said, “I don’t want my husband anymore, and I want Efuo.” Efuo said, “What I’ve got is what I want.” And the soul of the animals cries out that we go help help us come. And when the animals were gone, we’d go and sit on the road and wait for Efuo, and if he came we’d stone him and kill him. The soul of the field cried, “I’m going to fight help help myself and I’m coming.” And he stood up’. He reached the road’, the animals hunoye; we see, "Efue it! Efue it!" Enie Efuo touched the soul of the tree! order! order! Enie the animals heard the hyire to boo him, and the fight boo his stick. Ene se, his tail ekoyoo white; dee eko boo and the sword. Ene says he’s white. The first message, Efuo tree and its roots tun, tun, tun.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.