Ye' don't say, don't say o

SEDIE ANANSE WALKS ON THE WATER AND RUNS

KWAKU ANANSE went and said to the Okraman, "I want to go with you to tie the knot' The dog said, "I'm so, I want to fight. Ananse said, "Sleep on Sunday, Thursday go for a rope, I'll go for a rope and we'll fight. Then I'll take a bottle and drink water, and if you're good, drink some, and sometimes we'll go and there's no water. Ananse some of that water; Okraman so put eggs on the toam' We're alone, we've reached the road and we're tired. Ananse said, "Let's drink some of our water. The dog said, "Take me die nom. Ananse put some in his mouth; he said, "E! and this die from', he?" The dog said, "It's in my stomach. The duck said, "Finish!" While we were resting, Ananse said, "'The dog let us play. Okraman said, "What game?" Ananse said,

"Tie-tied; and tie me first, and I'll tie you, and you hear me'say 'Die!' and you've stopped. The dog said, "No you tied me up first. The duck said, "Take it, opa'nin e'speaking to you and you're mouthing?" 'The dog said, "Well, let him feel it. Ananse said, "It will tie me up. 'The dog took a rope and put it on Ananse and tied him up. And he took it soaye that he'd ton it out. Ananse heard this, and raised the rain:

"Ananse Akuamoa, I didn't get a good animal to sell me;

And this Okraman 'Kwasea is going to sell me.

I get who respects me o?

The road saves me!"

Ananse's night is o'su. The dog brought him to a river. If his Odenkyem heard the Ananse cry. The woman, and asked Okraman for his suffering. The Okraman threw Ananse away, and fled away, and Odenkyem returned Ananse. And Ananse said, "Father, what shall I give you?" Odenkyem said, "We don't want anything. Ananse said, "If you have children, tomorrow I will come and leave our house' well. Odenkyem said, "I've heard. Ananse came 'home; he said, "Aso go pe abe his gyene, and tomorrow I will go and kill Odenkyem's son, that we may eat bread. Aso went to a pea, and Ananse sewed his knife and blew 'to, and went to drink' He said, "Father Odenkyem Asuoboa I'll praise you!" And he took the eto and poured it into the water to drink' Odenkyem comes, and says he's taking it out, and Ananse has cut it with the knife, fire! and it would not; and okoreye. Ananse returned to the 'house. Aso asked him, "Where is the animal?" The duck said, "Take it; 'a man has come from 'the road, he has not taken his breath and you're asking him a question. Aso said, "I see, you didn't get it. Ananse didn't fwe. The next morning, Aso says he's going to the river. Obekoro, Odenkyem is lying on the hill, and the swan-pobiri e'bo him. Aso returned 'home beka told the husband. Ananse said, "If you see a medicine I have found; if I kill meat, I must take it in the morning, and if you see it, you!" Ananse cut the seeds and went to the river' to fight Odenkyem. He came and said, "Is Odenkyem dead? Is Odenkyem dead?" and odane turned it on. And Odenkyem lay silent, unconscious. And Ananse when he puts his hand on the drink, Odenkyem padiye Anansem', farm! Duck, Peter! peter! and he found 'a way to escape. That is, Ananse was running through the water', and he was afraid that Odenkyem would come and catch him again.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.