Ye’s not that, not that o

IF IT IS GOOD, ONE DOES NOT UNDERSTAND

A OBOFUO gave birth to it. When he got up, he went to the woods’ e’ko pe meat to kill and eat, and he sold some. And one day, he went into the woods’; he heard Kokotee free his brother, “Kokotee Asamoa e!” He heard, “Y’s brother!” He said, “The work is done, and let’s go ton’suom’ only bo nails, and we’ll cut the ends, and we’ll cut down any tree we can.” Kokotee freed the brothers, and he was furious, and heard the words stand. And the Coconut brother asked the Coconut brother, "And in which city shall we go to kill our knives?" He said, “We’re going to Nsuakyi.” And he said, “What day?” He said, “Thursday.” Obofuo heard the words stand, and set out’ for ’home. And she came ’house, and told Nsuakyi ’Dekuro what she had heard in the woods. And the angry man said to Odekuro, “Let the children cut down the trees, and when the Big Thursday turns out to be ours, we’ll have to drink the trees.” The children fought and cut down the trees. Odekuro went to see the otomfuo in the town’s house and gave him a dayemfuo. And the otomfuo asked Odekuro, “And what about these many days that you say I’m going to drink alone?” And he informed him, "The fugitive went into the woods' and has come to inform me that, on Wednesday some animals will turn into our people and come to your ton'suom' to beat knives. Otomfuo ran to boo between the days. The king had finished the wood and the fields, and he had the sword proclaimed, "On Thursday, son or man, let no one go anywhere. Thursday was, and in the morning an old woman said to the wolf, "Go to the fields and salt and pepper; and where the animals will throw away our skins, and you fight, you will eat the skins we've fallen, and we're human. Obofuo koreye, and he went attached to it. And he heard us call, " Kokotee Asamoa, Thursday's ear, let us go. And he's sister come. We've worn our books on it. And one odunsini who odim' dee, he hid his books somewhere. And the obofuo fweye gave the animals koreye. He went and took the book's stick, and the wood we had cut', and threw it into the river', and the river flowed. The robber didn't see what he was going to hide. The farmer came 'home, and the King rose to free the people in ton'suom', so that we came to his 'house. The people came to the palace, and we asked the King, "Why have you called us?" The king said, " My people and you, and you fled to live somewhere; voice you have come, so I said, come and I will not let you go again. The animals said to the King, " We have heard what you have said; and we know that Odomankoma 'will be angry and will speak evil things to you so do nothing, we will stay with you; and we know that this you say will not help you; but do nothing; we will understand, or else any of your servants will attack us; When the King fought and freed us, the hunter and some others fled. And the odunsini went and took his book koreye; and the rest ye'san baye. Enam se ye'anhu ye'nwoma. The king approved of the animals' plan, and the animals lived well with us. And some of the men who were in the city married the children of the animals and had children with us. And one day some of the animals and some of the town's farm e'ko tokwa. This the native, said to the beast, " Get up, beast like your Cockroach company." He said soon, the animals were not jealous, and we went to the King's house and told him, "What did you do when the word we told you came true?" The King let us free the people we spoke of. The king fweem' fweem', and replied, let the animals stop eating, and we'll come tomorrow, no one has ever heard of us. And the animals said, "We're not listening. And the King said, "And you don't listen and think that what 'this man is doing is helpful; don't you believe in Nkokotee?" And the animals said, "Oh! We heard. The animals went with the River. The animals struck the city and killed about 'ten people. And we'd run toaye, for the animals were justified. The animals listened, and we told the people, "Old words are not true, and if you will stay with us, we hate interpretation. And the people said, "We can never take it. What we have done for the destruction of this country, we will never take it. So we’ve got a proclamation together, “No one understands ’nothing, and interpretation makes the city worth it.”

Believe me in my story, whether it is good or bad, and accept me with it.