Ye' don't say, don't say o

IF YOU ARE GOOD IT IS GOOD' AND YOU GOT 'WIFE AND LIFE

THERE are three men, and we want to work. Ye'koo Serem' we compared the snow and the ice. We've got some soaa ye'wofase and ye'ton. And we're fighting a big city. The town's 'Hema 'comes, we're given to anyone who says he doesn't marry. The guests were gone, and Ohema 's son went to the graveyard. 'Hema threw two blankets to cover her'son. And when his'son came, he saw three men. He said to his wife, "Then I will find what I want, and kill a sheep for me alone. We'd finished cooking, the girl went and took the fwedee, asa, bese, and snow and put it on the food, and went to catch the men. And she said, "Whoever can interpret it, I will marry him." And we're going to eat. Some of the men said, "If it had not been for 'Hema 'ba who had brought this food, we would have asked him. The men's wife said, "If it weren't for 'fear and I was afraid of you, I would have been able to understand. We're saying, "Catch. The snake said, "The son if he has his head' white as the sun', and doesn't get one of us who have come, will he marry? fwedee means, it will fall, and he will lose himself; underneath, he's got some moving. And Ohema 's son married the men's daughter. When he married, 'Hema 'ba asked him, "Where is yours?" He said, "I'm a Kwaku Susufuo. The son said, "I'm going to give Akua Susufuo. He married her well. In the morning you take three siim' koo ye'kurom' It was about Kwaku Susufuo in his wife's hometown. He celebrated it for a year, and when he rose, he was not e'go' years old. And one day we played, and he ate two at once, and the people asked us not to give it to him because we wanted to kill him. And he lifted up his eyes, and saw a bed there; ofaa 'boo gave the akoda, let him fight for his ye' And his wife took the 'boo, and said to the man, "My husband wants to go to his country', and when he said the bird meant it, he took the 'boo. And 'Hema said, "O'go, go with him. Ampa’ra one is the same. And we’ve got Kwaku Susufuo’s father. And later we said to him, “Kwaku Susufuo, take a rope and let’s go to the woods’, go to the sum ’fidie to get some rice to serve your wife’s guests.” And we’re going and if the elders are going to kill him. We’re just Kwaku Susufuo; we’ve reached the road’; we’ve tied him up, and we’ve told him, “We’ ’ll kill you.” And he told us, "I went to my wife's town and asked for a lot of money. “Where’s the money?” we asked. He said, "Go to my wife, and tell her that I have prepared meat for ten sheep, and let her kiss the bottom of the sheep; And we’ll boo his wife suffering. And he said, "There is a master's house, and let us go and get it. One yen went to odekuro’s house; and the son reported to the city, "Dwannwoma boto, he says we have tied him; Krampan boto him, he says kokosakyi e'ye e'ye meat; on the knife, he says we've cut his throat. Immediately odekuro gave us a ’dawuro to go there, to rescue Kwaku Susufuo. And we’ve got no come. He let us kill the three old men. Sa why we’re saying, ’By abebuom’ one got ’ba ’married; this time he was saved.”

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.