Ye' don't say, don't say o

IF YOYE IS GOING TO BE AT THE TREE, AND 'KOBO ON HIS EYES

SON 'Hema was there, and she did not have 'a son; and went to an idol to give her 'a child. And he gave him some, and said unto him, This son, when thou hast brought him forth, eateth no flesh, save the lamb, and he loatheth his flesh. Then no man e'ko 'fuom' and gave a lamb to his side Kra, to cook for his 'son. And Kra faye cooked the meal, and he took a good lamb to accept' Ohema 'ba said to her, "Mother, if I hate good meat, and you accept some' and I eat it, I will die. The soul said, "I will bet, and you will die. And Ohema 's son said, "Shall I eat and die?" The 'danm' man went to the sirikye 'tam coconut of moye. And the army set 'on the road, and Kra soso followed. The soul fears that if the master beats it, it will suffer. And we're going, and Ohema 's son said, "Kra!" Kra said, "Yes!" He said, "If I kill you, will you?" The soul said: " I say, I say before I die ; I say, I say before I die. Once I was alone and wife built it, Now I come and coconut lies here, Coconut Cave, Kuruti Pit lies ; Gyanoa money I have no, Boafo Denkye 'Pan'in voice I finish 'bra voice the chickens don't eat He says, 'Aku, my friend. He said, 'Ya'ku. He said, ' 'Brafoo says he gives you a smile. He says, 'He's gone. He said, 'My brother, where are you going, and I should send you ? ' He said, 'I'm going to my grandfather's town' Sekyere Gyamase. He said, 'What came to my grandfather's town' Sekyere Gyamase and throw anna, Oboama 'se, Agyei 'Ampon ; father koo ko anase father koo bata, Then enemere broken down to the funeral' ; Two came, Ntim Sekyere, Kwakye came ? ' He said, 'Ako 'Boama e, you've got to stop, let me feel some, and your eyes are watery' Your grandfather Mllapinam we fought fwe, he went to catch a little adowa. Kwao Adu Dakowa, Thousand Blankets Okyere, Big Snake, Pillar Abena and his ghost 'walk empty' Slowly, slowly, the river Kobi grandfather, Tontoroni Ya, Ode Nsee. ' '

The warrior had met his old woman. His wife said, " This is my son whom I have met, but I have left him at home, and what is left of him, that he runs away ? " The prince told his servants who followed him to take him away. And we've not got it ; and he ran'a, and fell into the water', and Kra also fell into a toom' Ye'ko toom', and Ohema 'came turned Oka', and tree fought ; and Kra so turned to Okobo, his eyes wide. Oka' the tree hill, and Ohema 'ba sirikye 'the sword of the emo which he put in the water' ; and Okobo soso, and 'donko Kra, the smile of the eye. My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, just take some and bring some.