Ye' don't say, don't say o

IF YOU ARE NOT GOING TO BE 'MANM'

A MAN, angry, and he lived with us' in the country', and she became pregnant, and the man could not kiss her well, and the son went to God and said, " I'll come to my house and your stone. God's approval. And he went back to his 'Sebo boo sword, that die he would have meat to eat. Osebo also agreed. And she informed her husband. Osebo got meat and he had brought some down. And God, when he had meat, he brought some under him. Ye'de sa, fwee the son for him woye. He gave birth to a son, and he gave birth to a son. Then he went and said to Osebo, " Your daughter has given birth. And Osebo gathered things together for us to bring him from the 'tan of the army. And God brought some to the sara. We'trained him to grow up well enough. And now wakyima, and ye'ko boo Nyankonpon. Ye'ko also suffered from Osebo. God gave us things to bring and his wife gave birth to him brato. And Osebo also gave birth to ye' brato; and he added silver ka' And he's done the nnooma mother. And Osebo knew not that the wife of God; and God soso did not know that Osebo's wife. And afterwards Osebo e'tee; and he said to his wife, " You have made a fool of me, so I will not accept you, and I will accept your 'son, silver money' which I have given you. And he took her by the hand, and lifted her up, and took her, and went to her house. And the son, God let us tell him that he is old enough to take the time. And o'koro, we've broken the batakari burned, as no one e's seen his hand. And we're silent. He wakes up, he wakes up at night. And in the morning, the son he heard, we're called " Soul ", and Soul visited him sleeping, and he saw that his hand was withered. Then he said to his servants, "The son who is born, if his hand is lame, so Dream on Sunday, 'Thursday your children will open 'yourselves to God to offer. We’ve suffered the son. The next morning he blew ’to, adding coconuts. He said, “I’m fighting for this, fighting for me.” He went to the ’tadee, and Onini dam’. “Why doesn’t anyone come here and you’re here?” he asked. And oboo Onini suffered his mother. The man said, “This is nothing, and what have you brought?” “I put it in his nest,” he said. And Onini believed. And the Male opened his mouth’, and said to the son, “Put your finger into my mouth’.” And ode wuraye. A little better, he said, “Yes!” He was a good man, and his wine was good. And the son asked him, "When will you save me?" He said, “I’ll kiss you, and bring your son whom you have with God.” And Onini went back and took the silver waduro and the silver woma and gave them to the son, and departed’ to the city of God’. In the morning God sat down and said to the children of the mountains ’mo to him. And the son wore the robe, and took off his hand. “Well!” said Nkrofuo. And he took the gold ’waduro and ’woma, and ye’pon ’mo was finished. And God wrestled with her, and she conceived, and bare a son. It took forty days, and he ordered his men to go to the city’. And he blew ’to pi, and a hundred cows, and rode’ to Onini. And he said unto him, I will give thee thanks; And he added the nkosua and eto. And the Man said, "I will not kill this snake either, and you shall call his name Eye, and never let my name perish. And he thanked Onini; and he went up’ to the ’house. Ene says Aninie came to ’country’.

Believe me in my story, whether it is good or bad, and accept me with it.