Ye’s not that, not that o

OR ’KWASEA THAT IS OMANM’

There is a SON, and he has four children. The ’Pan’in who eats’ is crazy about something. He doesn’t know anything yo, so the brothers said, “We can’t live with him, so he shouldn’t leave our house.” And like the fool, he went and tied up the dog’s tenaam’. His city sand slaves. And wasa donko, play with it. The son ’pan’in, lives with his other children. He got up one day, went to the field, he would smell like a cow sitting in the field’. He said, “Where?” The sword did not answer him. The son went there to kiss him well; he took the army and said, "Let's go home. And the servant arose, and followed him into his house. The son said to his sons, "Take a sword I have, and give me a knife to kill it. The son didn’t know that the army wasn’t supportive, so he was head over heels. And he took a knife and cut off his head. In the morning he eats, he says he doesn’t eat, and we ’ve asked him, “Why?” “If you don’t like it, don’t put the hair on my head,” he said. The son and his children went to the countries and we’ve made the heads of the beasts under, and we’ve covered them with hair. Mmoatia took it by the hand, and it was torn apart. In the morning, “Give me my hair.” Adeesa a, “Give me my hair.” Now our phones are small. And one day, the foolish man came to kiss someone; obeba’ oni and brothers and y’aphone. “Why are you so stupid?” he asked. Oni said he’d told him the same thing we’re fond of, and his sons said, “Don’t tell him, what wisdom does this fool know?” “It’s me,” he said. He told her; he said, "Oh! take the animals and let us go to my town. Oni and his brothers took the sword and his hair, and went to the 'foolish city' Ye’ we reached his village’ he said to the animals, “Go sit on the medonko and play a little.” He sat on it, and he fell on it, and he sang:

“Mother gave birth to my ’Fool ’son, Hurotom.

Father gave birth to my 'Fool's son, Hurotom.

Ena gave birth to my calf, Hurotom. Ena gave birth to my calf, Hurotom.

Ena gave birth to my 'Fool 'son, Hurotom.

Ena gave birth to my guardian, Hurotom.

The wolf had been playing for a while, and the 'fool 'son said to him, "Come let us go and get your hair. O'ne reached 'home; he said, "Put my hair on for me alone. 'The fool 'comes up and says, "You're on my trampled sand', cover cover it before I cover it with your hair. Mmoatia fought against; if you cover this, you have trampled' again. Efei dee animals cover without cover. He said, "Father I don't want to talk, I forgive you, forgive me too, let me be alone. 'The fool 'came see, "Kore, I'm so I'm here. Then he fell on his knees and said, "Thank you, thank you, and say 'son 'fool without country' Sa why we're telling you your children, feel your eyes kiss us well, and you don't know what the future needs you to kiss you.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.