Ye’s not that, not that o

SE YOYE A DIVORCE TO MANM’

A FARMER named Kwasi Gyaba, and his wife we ​​lived on the fourth floor, and we became ’ha. Kwasi Gyaba went to the forest’ and he didn’t give meat. Never give meat. And one day, his wife asked him, "I believe that if you kill meat, you sell it, or you build it, so don't go to the forest, and if you don't bring meat, I'll go to my 'niho, and I'll eat meat. Obofuo Kwasi Gyamba went to the forest. Obefwe is like adowa that’s passing. He said, "This adowa, die you bed, I'll bed you. Adowa fought and stood under a tree. He gave the gun so pam! Onini slipped from the sky, slipped from the sky, and wabu agu adowa so; and osebo so jumped on him. Obofuo stuck quietly. He said, “E! I’ve suffered.” The man said, “Father ’Bofuo come, and a head ’sucks and a head ate, so ’Bofuo come let’s go to our village’, and we’ll go to this adowa, and we’ll take you away.” Obofuo took his ’gun, and followed us koye. We’ve caught the meat. The man said, "Father 'Bofuo I tell you, so sleep here, and I will give you medicine; and heal this medicine I will put on your ears,' and you will hear the words of the cows and the herbs and the animals. So tonight if you sleep, do not rest. Obofuo is not a day; pays home. Onini put medicine in his ear’. The morning ’Bofuo heard the things speak well. He got up’ and came to his hometown’. And the woman, she heard her husband come to her ’son. And his bottom right eye stone. And obofuo went to sit on the roof. Language and glory’ went under him, and he’s sitting rice. Obofuo heard the silence! there were two hills; one asked the other, “Where do you get this rice, and I eat my kor’a, and he tells me?” The other said, “Why, don’t you kiss him if his right eye is stony, and you take the rice and put it on the toro, he doesn’t see?” Kwasi Gyamba is not; you turned around, pull! draw! draw! His wife said, “Ah, my wife, why are you laughing at me like this?” Kwasi Gyaba was lying on the ground’, smiling and laughing. Immediately his wife swore by God that Kwasi Gyamba would only catch him and laugh at him before God’. God removed the anger and we’ll take Kwasi Gyaba. He reached the crotch and gave a song:

“And I’m not going to kill you, Kwasi Gyaba!

And I’ll say I’m dead o, ay’a, water me.

Kwasi Mpuroko Gyamba, and the boat, Ay’a, don’t water me.” God’s elders said, “Listen to the prisoner’s song.” We’ve brought Kwasi Gyamba before God’. Okyeame stood up, said, “Kwasi Gyaba, you understand that your laughter is really, or that he helps?” Kwasi Gyaba said, “I have a grandfather’s medicine, but if I interpret it, I will die.” God said, “I ’m angry with you, so I won’t let you die.” His mother said, “Grandma helps; laughed and laughed at me, so he had to explain it to me.” “Where is Kwasi Gyamba?” Okyeame asked. Kwasi Gyaba said, “Then I laughed at the pit, and when I died, we’d accept me’.” His mouth is not pe, Akokonini and Akokobedee come; and the Cockroach said to the Cockroach, "Stand by and I will climb you. Akokobedee said, “Why, people’s faces’ here?” “If you don’t stand by it,” said the cockroach, “I swear it will.” This is the teaching of Kwasi Gyamba. He’s just said, “Grandma God, let’s stop the pit price, and I’ll tell you.” God said, “Come on!” Kwasi Gyamba said, “I swear my daughter-in-law doesn’t take her ’son.” Mpan’infuo stands saying, “Truth, truth, the word is over.” There God commanded, "Whoever swears by your neighbor's wife, swear by him, or if you do so, swear by his marriage. So it is that it will bring about divorce manm’. And Cockroach and we’ve learned it.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.