Ye' don't say, don't say o

IF YOU ARE A ANANSE YOU WILL BE ATIPA

WE'SE Kwaku Ananse and we're Ears and we're there. One day we'll fight the field's come; soon there will be an obofuo. Ananse asked admittedly. He said, "Do something and your bottom and tomorrow odaye wansore. Ananse said, "Ears, you are good. Aso put his hand on his head, crying. appear! appear! Ananse left him alone. In the morning, Ananse went to laugh at Sheep, Okra, Dog, Chicken and Goat and said, "This is what I have seen, so I laugh at you, let us go and leave me my mother's funeral. The crowd is not based on consent. Ananse came to his 'house to weave korobonkye and burn kuntunkuni cloth. Yaoada soye, he went to call the people who had laughed at us and our mother sat down' Ye' with throws, guns, and hands. Ananse reached the bottom of the kurom' kurotia; the guns have shot pom! pom! We' took the game 'home to sit at the funeral. He gave his hand to the 'yifuo. Owieye, he went and handed' peredwan six, agopikyi, two clothes, bomo, sakyere, sheep and hand. What Ananse hid under him here. In the evening, we'll drive Ananse to the river and five. In the morning, people don't eat, and we'll tell Ananse to eat. He said, "I, Kwaku, my wife is dead; I have never eaten for seven days. I have not eaten, and you want something for my friends to eat with our wife and go. And Aso fought for something while the men were eating. And we're ye'koreye; and it remained Ananse. Ananse you ho'a, now it's been four days, and if he saves himself, it's not good. 'He sits on the house', and the food we cook stands 'on the fire. The duck fwe nen, fwe nen, and dug the crocodile, cut some of the grain and put it in', and put it back. Efei and Aso come. He said, "Aso, I remember now, Father's town's festival we're waving tomorrow is over, so I'm going now. The ear said, "Oh, and this was difficult for you to tell me; now you have come to the funeral, you have never eaten; and I will laugh at you tomorrow. Ananse said, "You don't know what happened so you're saying this. Aso went to free nkrofuo to tell Ananse how many times he had and he got one. The crocodiles have come. Ananse just saw us and waso 'kye nom' saying:

"Now Father's town' is'woso tomorrow.

Saworowa, Ye'woso tomorrow.

Saworowa, E! ye'woso nkye o, ye'woso nkye.

Saworowa.

The food e'hye under his head well. Ananse said, "I've never heard of it, I'm going. Ananse set 'on the road and the crocodiles followed him. He said, "Your returns:

Now Father's town' is'woso tomorrow. Saworowa, Ye'woso tomorrow.

Saworowa, E! ye'woso nkye o, ye'woso nkye.

Saworowa.

Now Ananse, the thing has bound him to understand. He saves himself, it doesn’t. He threw the egg and the food away. The ears and the crocodile booed him. Ananse jumped on the road, sora! He said, "The way saves me and tomorrow I get myself, thank you. And Road said, "I've heard. 'The road fwee gives him medicine. It is to see Ananse and avoid his head; and from the akokonsem he began his subordinate's funeral.

My story, whether it is good or bad, believe it, and accept it from me.