Ye' don't say, don't say o

THE MPAN'INFUO SAY, "IF YOUR BROTHER, YOUR 'HUSBAND, OR ANYONE ELSE IS WORKING, AND IF HE LAUGHING AT YOU, HELP HIM"

ANANSE said to Aso, "Let's go to the field. Aso said, "I'm not going. Ananse will fight. Obaye, he said to him, "Didn't you go?" The ear said, "The king hates ado. Ananse said, "Tomorrow die let's go burn the field. The ear said, "He hates the heat, and am I the only one to be burned by the fire?" And Ananse will come. The next day, he said, "Aso, I'm asking you to let's go leave me to go plant things. He said, “I said I’m not going.” Ananse said, “I’ve suffered.” And he went and planted things nicely. Now we’re ho’a, and the food is here. One day Aso went to the field’s. He said to Ananse, “Kwaku, the fields are drinking’ food, and when are we going to go there?” Ananse said, "Ho! 'What a Kramoni has told me, I don't understand at all. Aso said, "Aden, tell me to listen. Ananse said, “I’m going to give it.” Ananse went, to the field’, and stood there, and said, “I, Kwaku Ananse, here you are, shall I sit there and let six children consider me a fool?” Ananse took a ’knife and a stick, and dug a little hole. He took the field’s food stick guum’, and returned ’home. He said, "Aso bera, let me help you suffer. They're coming. He said, "Ah! I went to a squirrel to ask for my head; he said, I'm going to die in seven days, so the field I don't go to, you don't go to, and when I die, you bury me there alone. Eight days; Ananse has fled and died. Nkrofuo lifted Ananse and buried him in his field’. He’ll come back like he’s a funeral director. Aso so is a widow. On the seventh day, we’re eating, Aso said, “A! let me kiss my husband’s field’ e.” Aso bekoro; field and, dadwa! Aso said, “Oh! He cried and struck a tree, “Kwaku Ananse ’Saman, your field’s things you left me, and the crocodiles have eaten them.” Kwaku Ananse has raised:

“Stop it! my blood!

Stop it! The ears hate ado.

Stop it! madi m’adee you!

Stop it! Aso hates borders. Stop it! blood m'adee o!

Stop it! The ears hate the plant.

Stop it! blood m'adee o!"

Then Aso stood still, and was afraid. He went 'home to free Adanko to come and let us hear something about the husband's farm' Adanko went down with him' Aso reached the field', and wa ma so o'su again:

"My husband is Kwaku Ananse, And he died leaving me a farm.

And nkrofuo abe fam' food adie.

Kwaku Ananse 'saman I bow and laugh at you, Kill us for me.

Kwaku Ananse has raised:

"Stop it! I've eaten my thing!

Stop it! Ears hate ado, Stop it! I've eaten my own o!

Stop it! Ears hate borders, Stop it! I've eaten my own o!

Stop it! The ears hate the plant.

Stop it! I've eaten my own o! stop it o!

Odoankoma boye, where do you see or a ommoa husband?

Stop it! I've eaten my own thing, oh! stop it!"

Adanko said, "I'm done listening, and let's go 'home and I'll tell you. One Aso my 'home. Adanko said, "Ananse said, he told you 'let's go'; you said you don't; 'let's burn'; you said you didn't; 'let's tree'; you said you didn't; so stop crying and eat your food; So he said, "Whoever does something and laughs at you, help him.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.