Ye' don't say, don't say o

YOU ARE VERY ANGRY

ANANSE was there, and God 's Six were sick. And we'd take a 'dunsini to kiss him. The woman will take the ntoase peredwan to o'fwe her disease. And the Duck went and said to God, "This servant has taken your money for nothing, he cannot kiss him, and I will kiss him for you, and if I cannot kiss him, I will cut off my head. And Ananse took two, and said to God, "If I cannot kiss him, I will give you the eyes of a lion. In the morning, God was 'in the Sixth Form' Ye'see, "Is this the duck?" Ananse slipped away; wadwane. Speak to him honor', Ananse's best friend is Okusie. Oboo 'Kusie reported, "Die my sight, and therefore help me. 'Kusie said, “How much do I help you?” He said, "I'll kiss you and you'll go down to the bottom of God's pits. “I’m your mother,” Okusie said. And this one. 'Kusie informed Ananse, "I'm done. Ananse is free and 'ba Ntikuma; and he cut off the aben for him; and he said to him, Let him go down to the well to drink', and let him sit under the vine:

“You killed Ananse that this country will beat!

If you leave Ananse, the country speaks bitterly!”

Ntikuma went and sat under the tree, and Ananse set out to go to God himself. Okoroye was caught by the wrath of God; we've taken him to stand before God. Then the squirrel said to him, "You, Kwaku Ananse, you told God that if Six died, he would not kill you; so Six has fled, so we kill you. Ananse said, "Let me speak my mouth. And the abrafuo ears drink' ye'ko kill him. Ntikuma has said: "You killed Ananse that this country will kill!

If you leave Ananse, the country speaks bitterly!"

Ye'see, "Listen, listen!" And the Aben has entered again:

"You killed Ananse that this country will beat!

If you leave Ananse, the country speaks bitterly!"

And the King of Kontire rose and said to God, "Your God and the Earth Ya and this people have you. Now you have got the Duck you've killed. The Earth Ya says 'Fire it'. So if you burn it, it was good. And God gave the abrafuo fire. Ene se aye akasa bebuo se, "You are as dangerous as Ananse.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.