Ye’s not that, not that o

IF YOU ARE A ’KRAMAN, THE CROWN NEVER FAILED

OKRAMAN is there, and because of his crown he doesn’t get married. And osiim’ went to a town so he didn’t get a wife. One his wife was there, and his ye’ went up to his town’. Then her husband invited her to come to him. And his son-in-law took a gun and went into the woods and killed the oyuo, and put it on the back of the Rabbit. About three days later, Okraman went there, and when he did, he saw that the oyu’nam was on the fire in the food. Night one and we’re fighting daye. The dog said he’d build a bedwonso, he saw the meat e’sone fat gu ’gyam’. 'The dog went back to daye and put his head on the sumeye and flew the meat here. Then the meat panned over him; he saves himself, it doesn’t. Oh! and he shall rise up to the meat, and eat of the flesh, and lie down again. The next morning, his wife says he’s going to praise, he’ll kiss the meat, there’s not even one. His wife said, "That's it! That's it! The meat doesn't stand and someone has eaten it. The dog heard this, and was ashamed, and covered his head with a cloth, and lay there quietly. Then he got up preko and set out; fled to his city’ to report that his wife had eaten meat and was ashamed; sa so he’s going to pe die owo k’rono medicine and give him some. The crowd said, "Adanko has a very strong one. Okraman got up’ and ran to Adanko’s village. He said, "Father Adanko, I flee my toa you; I have struck k’rono mabo, mabo, and we’re saying you have the cure, so I ask you to give me some, and die you begyee whatever I pay. Adanko said, "Of course I have some, and go pe pork and bring it. Okraman went to a town, and got a smile from a domafa. Adanko cooked it, and cut it’, and cut it into pieces and ground the coconut, salt, and pepper, and put it on the fire. The fire touched the meat, there, there, and he heard, burned, e e e! And Okraman fwe here. Then Adanko said, “Okraman, you fight sleep alone’, and I sleep alone alone’, and tomorrow morning, I will take this meat and make medicine for you.” Okraman is not a day. The first so is the daye. Then 'When a dog lay there, the meat would stone through his throat', and he didn't speak. Now he had felt it again. “Father Adanko,” he said. Adanko said, “Yeah!” He said, “Your town yi’, cats wom’, so I’m going to get the meat, I’ll bring it to me.” Adanko said, "Go take it! I eat my house that tomorrow I will get it, and I will make medicine for you. And Okraman has fought for. Then there is Okraman. “Father Adanko,” he said. He said, “Yes!” He said, “The ants will eat it so I’ll put it under my sumeye, sleep.” Adanko said, "I turn to tomorrow morning and I will make medicine for you. There is a dog again; he saves himself, it doesn’t. He said, "Father Adanko, the snakes have come under this sumeye, so I'll take the meat and carry it and stand for tomorrow. Adanko said, "Huo! I'm going to make a cure for you in the morning. Okraman took the meat soaye and stood by. The meat had a little water around his eyes, and he was smirking. He said, “Yes! Father Adanko this walk, the snakes have climbed on me, come on my head, so I’m going to cover my mouth.” Adanko said, “Oh! turn me over tomorrow morning and I will make medicine for you.” Efeidie pays his mouth, and he’s walking around the danm’; he’s glorious and tree fre! fre! fre! “Father Adanko this meat for him to pay me,” he said. Adanko said, “What do you mean?” ’The rabbit said, “I mean, if the dogs ate it, it’s not my fault.” Adanko said, “No! for tomorrow morning.” Oh! efeidie Okraman has given him a fight. Enee otoo ho and slept. The very next morning, Adanko said, "Okraman bring the meat. The dog said, “Ho! Father Adanko what, yesterday I said well you didn’t hear, that let him tell me?” Adanko said, “That you’ve given it?” Okraman said, “E! I’ve eaten, I’ve eaten.” Adanko said, “You ’Dog, a crown that never falls on you.”

My legend, whether it is good or bad, take it with you, and bring it with you.