Ye’s not that, not that o

SEDIE EYOYE AND ANGER DI ’HYIA

A MAN went out of the fields with two sticks of wood, and one with his wife and 'little son went into the woods' to kill meat. And he went and built four, and dwelt there with his wife and his son. The next day he went into the woods’. If he sees an animal and shoots it, he is guilty. Every day sara, ’bout two weeks. And his wife said, "Since I haven't eaten meat yet, I'm going to go home. And in the morning he went out into the field’ and his wife and her ’son went to our’town’. Then it’s like a topen fua’ra. He speaks and does not hear gyam’, the husband’s name is Gyekye, and his wife’s name is Boniaye-kae-dabi. When the obofuo went around he reached the bottom of a pillar, and it was festive. There he was angry and thought to himself, “If I go home, we’ll take this money for myself, and I won’t have it, so I’ll shoot myself in the mouth with this gun and die.” Ehoara and Something called it, “The heart of the universe.” And the obofuo said, "Father. And the Thing said, "Why are you so jealous of me, and if Ko-see-fie were not in your 'house, I would give you something. Ena ’bofuo said, “There’s nothing in my house.” Something said, "If you don't have any at home, go to the pillar's door and there are two days left to bring it. And obofuo to take these. And Something said, "Go cut down two oxen, and close your eyes and run one to it, and one to it. The girl said, "I'm done. Something said, "Put the 'daver kesie together' And he cried out, and the forest became a city between the two trees. And the pillar was in the middle. Then the Thing appeared to be the Warrior. And he commanded the angry man, that whatsoever great thing should come upon him, he should put it under the pillar. Obofuo said, "Ho, mate. He went to war and got wives, elders and kings. At that time, his wife Boniaye-kae-dabi felt that he had become a king, and she took a wine'cup, and set out for the king's city, with her 'son following her. The doctor reported, "You 're coming to kiss your face. And he took the wine, and gave it to the men that stood by him to drink. And he gave the child to Gyasehene to take 'home. In the morning, the son got up and went to the king in his 'room' The son said to the king, "I have been with you in the sun; then you have found a place to stay and you have not killed me?" And when he said that,— men and ye'fools—he could not answer. Ehoara and he came to drink'

and one of the daye. And the next morning he went and took her out of the king's house and brought her to the king's house. He stayed ho'a, until 'once a great news came.

The king and his nobles sat down under the pillar. The son 'came and stood before his father and saw the 'Code 'coming to the pillar and said, "Father, I will. And his father cut him off, and bowed his head, and went home.

And the other children nom' bako 'ba baye, stood before him again. Ononso saw the 'Code 'son and said, "Father, I want to. And he cut off his 'to sara and kissed his head so that he fell to the ground, and o'ko he cried. And his mother said, "Why are you crying?" And he said, "Father, kiss me. And his 'mother said, "E!

he doesn't kiss you than, if it were his wife Boniaye-kae-dabi, he wouldn't kiss his 'son.

And Boniaye-kae-dabi said, "This is what I told you and you came to me. He said sa'a pe, and we both went together. And the king said, "Why are our father's wives fighting on this tree; we will be destroyed. Ehoara and we took the sword, pimpen! pimpen! Sa 'then Okodee went away, and left his children with Oberewa and Tete-Akroma. 'When the squirrels fell the tree it fell to the ground'

the, and 'Ketere tramye said, "Pimpeao!" and the tree said to the front. And we went back to it again. N'Oketere said to Tete-'Kroma, "Go and fight Okodee to kiss his children, and I am dead. And ehoara the crowd went and took 'gun be to boo him, killed him. And Tete-'Kroma tuye that he called Okodee. O'ko mother and o'su se:

"Grandma e! your children o!

Nana e! your children!"

And he called the battle, and Okodee did not hear; so he gave it to:

"Sankur' and, 'bird, sankur' and, anoma 'Code.

Sankur' e, 'noma e, sankur' e, the food you brought.

And Okodee is right. And he came, and said, "Suffering?" And Tete-'Kroma said, "We have cut down the tree and picked out your children, and Oberewa we have shot and killed. Ehoar the Okodee moved, wa, and he stood on a tree in the streets of the town, and he opened his eyes and we've truly respected the tree. Wanka you. Then the tree opened and 'fell' to the ground and Okodee struck it to tase his children. He put us on the tree he was standing on. Then he went down' and said to himself, "E! what are the people like?" And it was awesome. And he said:

"Get 'em, Get 'em."

And he took his to-nom' sword twice and said:

"Ntakra'boa mother food two two two. And ntakra'boa his mother came. And he informed us, and told us to let him go to the fire and to lie down under Gyekye, and whoever knew the cry to cry. Apitie started to cry:

"I'm going to beat you!

I'll beat you!"

Apatupere expects:

"I don't want cities!

I hate cities!

I don't like Ko-Sante's clothes."

Akokofwedee suye said:

"Oworaye 'so 'so O!

Oworaye 'so 'so O!

Oworaye 'so 'so O!"

Atewa suye se:

"Doye!

Doye!

Afua Sand and her Mouth Coffee, A child gets up preko badly, Kwaku Amoaten.

Doye!

Doye!

Odiawuo and his Mouth Running Ohon aben, He has left him, He has left him.

Father 'Bofuo got up and went to Anyinhima to drink the bread, And no animal e'mma 'see, ab'eno.

Opodee suye said:

" It's still hot! it's a whirlwind!

A little baby walks on a black tree, He'll save me on my knees and eat it.

Opatuo also cried:

"E! Mm!

E! Mm!"

Onwam suye said:

"Akuaferi-Saka-Kokowa!"

His wife said:

" He doesn't have it.

Onwam said:

"Aso, didi let's fight."

And Saka shot 'the gun and booed him, pa! And his wife tuye, he said:







" Fwe, fwe!"

The father cried:

" Obeko Asamoa, Traditionally cut 'be a, the next morning we used to write!"

'Berekuo suye says:

" My head is foul, foul, foul!"

Aburuburo type is:

" He'll die and leave me 'kware, Akware will die and leave me edowa.

Edowa e'be wu lede me kuntun, Kuntun get me a obo me even, even, even! "

Akyenkyena suye says:

" Mea, Mea, Mea! "

And now the Okodee himself comes, and says:

" Small little birds, birds ya ya!

Thank you Gyekye!

Small slim, birds ya ya! "

The city's people were running and 'firing'; then Gyekye did not see what the people, the sheep, the children, and his wives and the hills or anything else did. It touched the ononko and his wife and his 'son odum sin. And Okodee said to him, " From this voice, a farmer will never get money.

My story, whether it is good or bad, believe it, and accept it from me.