IF YOU ARE GOOD, YOU WILL CALL HIM SHEPHERD

KWATIMA n'owo ho and says, "I'm going to find a piece of land I'm going to build a house on. Osebo was soso of the same opinion. Enie Kwatima set out and found the land he wanted; and odoo so to build 'a house. And Osebo soso koreye. He said, "Well! The city I'm going to build I don't have my job and the wine is starting. And he did, and he did. In the morning, and Kwatima is gone. When he reached it, he said, "Well! the wine will really help me, the earth is finished. And he also apraa so, and oko. And Osebo came. He said, "Well, this is what I'm afraid of. And he also went into the woods'; he cut down trees and put them on the ground. And Kwatima has come, and he's not here. He went into the woods' to cut a rope, and put it on, and went. Osebo soso comes. He so fwe ha, and he soso akeka, and oko. Kwatima is the fruit, and he lifts the abobo mana and sets the trees' and goes. And Osebo sowed the seeds, took it and went. And Kwatima came up, and he took daha and put it on it and went. And Osebo so comes, and he will have a detie and he will wear it; and on'so that. And Kwatima came up, and he dug the house, and he went. And Osebo so comes, and wabebo, and oko. And Kwatima came, and went to the hyire to visit, and went 'home. When he arrived, he said to his 'son, "I've finished the house, so Dreams on Sunday, Wednesday we go to eat away, so kiss the one with the 'gun and we'll go to the house drink. And Osebo so fruit. He said, "E! I have nothing to say, that is, I must go and gather myself together and come. Enie okoye, he went and said to his 'son, "Funtum run and tell the devil-bomofuo, If I dream on Sunday, on Thursday I will eat afiforo, so ya ommeto shoot me. And his 'son went, and he told him. He said, "I heard. Enie Dapa's Kwatima changed his clothes to u 'house, and came. Osebo soso changed and dee koye. In the morning, Akwasidae, and Kwatima fought soul soul and crocodile o'ne us tee; and Osebo soso fighting soul to soul. The next day, Thursday, Kwatima and he 'came to go; is not too 'gun dan nom' And Osebo also 'came; he heard the 'gun; he said, "It's not good, it's hell and we're beating guns. And he too has come; and Osaman-bomofuo went to the danm' ho, and gave the gun a bath, pomm! Osebo will kiss Kwatima and he 'll come and hear this. He said, "Do you know?" Kwatima said, "Are you suffering?" Osebo se, "If you don't have amaniye, I don't have any. And Kwatima said, "It's nice that we'd both stay there. Enie is a tee ho. Osebo sode a, he went to the ahayo, and brought meat. Don't da. And Kwatima doesn't give any. Dakoro cantinka or wild'; wayo ayo, pass! The woman 'house said, "Kwatima, if voice you didn't go to the forest' to get meat for me, what I'll do to you, you don't want. Kwatima got on, went to the woods', and took a wansane befwee. When Osebo kissed the animal, it was something of a surprise. The next day Kwatima went and brought some more. The whisperer said, "Yes!" He said to his 'son, "Hey! I go to the woods' and stand with Kwatima, and the otwe 'ba I brought you 'that day, if we are one, call Kwatima 'ba and ask him, ya he says go to the woods' fishing for meat, and you show him this otwe 'ba. And the nkrofuo is koye. Osebo 'ba see, "Kwatima 'ba, come and go' Obaye; he said, "If a father goes to the woods' he catches meat here. And he jumped up and grabbed the 'son, and struck him in the throat' Kwatima 'ba said, "You go up and bring a little oboo. And Osebo 's not killing anyone. He put it on. Kwatima 'comes to fight from him a come, and with his forehead' he has 'boo him pim! and apapae goso. The gossip 's see, "Yes!" And ye'senom came from the forest, and Osebo 'came boo ose amaniye; and Kwatima 'came upon him to suffer. Then it was there that Kwatima had something on his leg', and he said opepa, and Osebo thought he had pinned his back to kill him.

Hoara and Osebo fall on Kwatima; ope has caught him. And Kwatima ran agum', cri, cri, cri. He will go 'tadie some and take it, and Onini dam' Kwatima said, "Father Onini, I flee to you, and Osebo does not leave me. 'Ho and Onini said, "Your servant is wa ye adee, so sell me. Kwatima so booed the effort table. They were the Kwatima and the Odwanini. And because of the Man who went to the market.

Believe me in my tale, whether it be good or bad, and accept me not.