SEDIE OKOTO ’S DANCE, AND SHE ’S DANCE EDWINO

A OBA has given birth to his ’son; he sends him, and he says, "I will not fight. “Stay there, with your ’pan’in,” ​​he says. When he sends him, he says, "I won't. And no, he says, “Go sa water b’re me.” “I don’t fight,” he says. And his Old Woman beat him, and said, "Sit down and you will see. And the soldier said, "I'm going to 'Mehu' kiss. And he stood ’on the road, and said guum’ yiridi! yiridi! yiridi! Now he reached a town and found that an Old Woman lived there. When he sees her, he says he pulls back. “My grandmother doesn’t pull back and I’ll see you,” the old woman said. And the army ’kooye; The old woman said, "Why are you crying, well?" He said, “That’s when I was sitting there, the day osode, he said, ‘Stay there and you’ll see,’ and he hit me, and I said, I’m coming and I’ll be pe ‘I’ll see’ kiss.” And the Old Woman said, "Ene me. He said, "Go out into the field, and cast out the wife; and whosoever shall say to you, Cast me out, cast me out, cast him out. He said, “Ho!” Ampa’s went to it; some of the wives say, “Drive me, drive me, drive me”; others said, “Don’t drive me, drive me, drive me.” And we said, “Don’t throw me out,” and he threw us out. And ode these; and Aberewa said to him, "Cut it down and put it on 'the fire. And he cut it down, and rolled it up, and finished it, and set it before the Old Man' And he said, "Go ko'tia and slap the sword, and meat on it, this slap' is good for your battle. The cowboy took some out, and put it on the 'fire and made a 'knwan. He finished and put it in front of Aberewa' The old woman said, "You're done?" He said, "Grandma, ae. He said, "They'll be the fufu. And Aberewa fights for the day; he said, "Change apesie into my fwenim' and you. Akoda said, "Hue-be! If people fwenim' and we are your fufuo; if Ena kaye?" This is the mother of okaye and tirim' Okoye and oko woye; you have and you have it in small pieces. The old woman said, "You're strong, you're not strong, you're clean. And he built it, pi! thick! thick! and when he had finished he fell upon it, 'and fought against Aberewa. The old woman said, "My grandmother, name me and eat it. He said, "Your grandmother Aberewa. He said, "Yes! I didn't see it. And Aberewa ate him standing. He never healed him for seven days. And one day the akoda went to the river' and asked for water. Okoto saw him and said, "What! someone 's son, and your phone is fine?" He said, "An Old Grandmother I listen to, when I cook for her, she says, 'Name me and eat it; I say, you give it to Grandmother,' she says, 'Ee! she didn't eat it,' and she eats it, so I'm sick. Ena Okoto said, "He gave Aberewa Mosono. The sword said, "Ho. And he carried his vessel. Okoto said, "You're the one, don't worry. And the bed was over, he stood up and said, "Old Mosono, Mosono, Mosono. He reached the town and was forgetful, and he stumbled and the bottle was boiling, and he went 'home. The old woman said, "Where 's the jar?" He said, "My son, I stumbled, and it was a stone. He said, "Take another fight. And ofa comes; and Okoto said, "Now you're coming?" And he said, "I was ashamed of the name you told me, and I came to ask. Okoto said, "He gave Aberewa Mosono. And he said, "Ho. He went 'fie stands and says, kodurui 'fie and osoee. The old woman said, "Go and get your wife. He made sara again, and placed food before Aberewa' and Aberewa said, "Name me and eat it. He said, "You're Grandma Aberewa. He said, "I say my name is good. He said, "What's your name?" The old woman said, "Ae!" He said, "You're an Aberewa Mosono. Grandma Aberewa said, "Give it. And the cows took the dinner, and the Old Woman set out, and said, "I go to the same people who told you I was Mosono. And he went down', and met Obonto Ya, and said, "You, 'Bonto 'ni, you 'Bonto 'se, and you told my grandfather akoda that I was Mosono?" He said, "Don't take me. The old woman would smile and say, "You think' 'ni, 'ni, 'ni, you think' 'se, 'se, 'se, you told my grandfather sleeping that I was Mosono?" He said, "Don't take me. Ofwee said Okoto was here. He said, "You Okoto 'ni, 'ni, 'ni, you Okoto 'se, 'se, 'se, you told my grandfather akoda that I was Nkran, the son of the prince, my name is Mosono?" Okoto said, "Ae! I told him, and why have you made someone's son so sick?" And Aberewa was angry and she kept the efua, she raised it, and she gave it to Okoto. Ene se Okoto's back dance. There was no message ekane and no message Okoto behind the abina. And Okoto lifted his head and he lifted Aberewa's cheeks' Ene se the old mpampam' edwino. Believe me in my tale, whether it be good or bad, and accept me not.