Ye' don't say, 'don't say o

IF 'YOYE IS GOING TO BE BORO BAYE

WE say that there will be a great famine, and Father Ananse and he will be' Aso, and his sons Ntikuma, Nyiwankonfwea, and Afudotwedotwe, and Tikonokono and we will hold and tem' Ananse wakes up and goes to eat, ahabayere comes and we cook it. Then one day Father Ananse went to the forest'; obefwe that there is a beautiful ayowa. He said, "Ayowa this efe. Ayowa said, "I'm not afraid. Ananse said, "Where are you?" He said, "I am Hohorebidi. Ananse said, "Hohorebi give me a kiss. The ayowa washed the abekwan for to, and Ananse ate his tail. And when he had finished, he asked the ayowa, "What do you hate?" Ayowa said, "I hate yoko and pentowa. Ananse took the ayowa home and built a pata. Now, Ananse goes to the forest' and goes to fetch food and Aso finishes cooking and calls Ananse, saying, "Oh! you are the ones who need it, I am the Old Man, I eat hard, you need this sleep, you are full and I am at peace. Ye dinner, and Ananse went through the back of the room and went to the pata where the ayowa was. He said, "Ayowa this efe. He said, "My voice 'fe. He said, "What about you?" He said, "I'm going to wash. Ananse said, "Hohorebi give me a kiss. He had washed the cakes and Duck had eaten. The osode of the, sa. And when Ntikuma fwe, he said mfone, the squirrel nye we eat with him, and when Ntikuma, ate ose te, and he went to see what he said he had. Ose siim' or wild'; Ntikuma went up, saw the ayowa. He called oni and brothers and we went to heaven. Ntikuma said, "Ayowa is dead. He said, "My voice 'fe. He said, "What about you?" He said, "I'm going to wash. He said, "Wash a little and let me kiss. And ayowa washed the way for to. Ntikuma and oni are brothers and sisters. Then Ntikuma asked the ayowa, "What do you hate?" Ayowa said, "I hate yoko and pentowa. Ntikuma said to Afudotwedotwe, "Bring me some. And he brought it, he put the yoke on it and he put the pentowa on it. And our mother came down'baye. Father Duck had brought food. The ears finished cooking. Ye free Duck; he said, "What do I mean she doesn't hear? I say from this same voice, I bring food to you that you don't have and you need it. Aso and his children diye. Father Ananse dwareye; he climbs the pata; he said, "Ayowa this efe. Quiet! "Ayowa is dead. Quiet! Father Ananse said, "Ah! for this cloth, it is not beautiful, I will go and take my' yokoman my clothes. He had built the armor of the yokoman. He has taken his shoes off; he has climbed to the top. He said, "Ayowa this efe. Quiet! "Ayowa is dead. Quiet! In the room, he kisses he kisses oyoko and pentowa and it's there. Ananse heard, "I am, my mouth, Ntikuma. Ananse struck the ayowa, and osiye; he threw the oyokoman away; okoo wild' Obekoro, rush a game and it's over this. He said, "This is better than the first; this rush is beautiful. Mpere said, "My voice fe. He said, "What about you?" He said, "I'm Abiridiabrada. He said, "A little something for me to eat. And the rush is on him, biridi! biridi! biridi! Father Duck said, "Pui! pui!" A bird said to the Duck, "Say, Adwobere. And Ananse said, "Adwobere. And the rush stopped him from over. Ananse took this mpere and brought it 'home; and ode is too pata. Aso finished eating, he said, "The ducks will eat. He said, "You're here never come hole sleep in your ears', I don't believe. Ananse went upstairs and sat quietly. And he built a seed; and wa san he will not babi. Efei Ntikuma climbed to the top. He said, "Well, the Father has brought it back. Ntikuma said, "That's it! Nyiwankonfwea! Afudotwedotwe! your laws! and what the Father has brought, more than the first, is fulfilled. And the people stood up and went up, Ntikuma said, "This thing is beautiful. “My voice ’fe,” he said. “And yours?” he asked. “I’m going to abiridiabrada,” he said. “A little something for me to kiss,” he said. The rush was on him, and he kissed us! Ananse stood somewhere, said, “Miam’, miam’, kiss the Squirrel well, miam’!” Now when Ananse smiled, he was too bored with us and said, "Adwobere. Ananse came and took the sperm and cut it into small pieces and threw it into pieces. It’s going to be a horse that’s going to be manm’. That is, if you speak to your son and he does not hear, we kiss him. My legend, whether it is good or bad, just take some and bring some.