Ye' don't say, 'don't say o

OBA 'BIARA, IF WE GIVE YOU AWADE'A WARE

A GIRL is called Kwaboaso and she is there. We give it to anyone who says, "I don't want it. We gave him to the angry, he said, "Learn! you who are so stupid, I don't want him. One day, the son went to the fuom' and said he was going to cut brodee. Ode second boo brodee drink' to! if there were animals on the brodee; enie he is not the one who is soo Kwaboasom'; we said, "You're the one we give to anyone, you say pussy! pussy!" And the animals soo nom', ye see:

"Don't let us kiss him.

Ye mia o, Ye mia Kwaboaso.

Let us ask him.

Ye mia o.

And the angry man whom we gave Kwaboaso, when he heard Kwaboaso's voice, he said,

"I'll fight and we won't repay evil with evil. Obekoro, Kwaboaso and the animals are squeezing him. Ena the furious man shot 'at the animal, and 'one toreye. The wolf's 'pan'in a odim' said, "He's drunk stone put him there first. Obofuo threw again, and obako threw. Mmoatia 'pan'in said, "The old man has drunk wine, put him there. Obofuo kills the animals and it only leaves the opan'in. The officer freely said, "Come. Obofuo said, "My children. Mmoatia 'pan'in said, "Oh! come, and I'll take nothing from you." Obofuo is right. The wolf 'pan'in said, "Go to my room and you will see your shed and the stones you have laid, take your things, and add Kwaboaso, before you go together to cut the wood and go, and sit in the throne, so that the wolves wake up. And indeed ’ra he went and cut the quail, and took Kwaboaso with him, and when he got to this road, he had thrown one away. Sarah was the one who got home. And it’s going to be a little while before he gets home, he’ll kiss if the opposition is coming. And he threw away the rest of the quail, and the animals went away and we returned. And obofuo soso gave Kwaboaso a fight for his family. And obofuo went to his ’house. Now if he is angry, he will kiss if angry comes to him and say, “Amanie?” The angry man said, "Kwaboaso if he runs away to Odekuro if he now marries you. Obofuo said, “I am grateful to Odekuro, but the son I cannot marry, and I am not afraid of his hands.”

That’s why the old saying goes, “We give you to whoever, marry him, and you don’t know what no you need to save you.”

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.