Ye' don't say, don't say o

DO NOT BE AWARE OF 'MANM'

NTIKUMA, and he came to a kesie, and he set out to feed himself when he said, Father Ananse. He went up to a city; the husband named Nana Aberewa. The old woman said to him, "My grandmother, why doesn't anyone come here, and you come here?" Ntikuma said, "Because of hunger, and I'll want something to eat. Nana Aberewa said, "Go to my field, and the woman who says, 'Evict me, evict me,' evict her, and the woman who says, 'Evict me, evict me,' evict her. I'm not afraid. Some of the wives said, "Drive me, drive me"; some said, "Don't drive me, drive me. And Ntikuma shot die saying, "Don't drive me, drive me. He brought it 'home; osensenye. And Nana Aberewa said, "Go and throw away the good food, and put it in the pot and put it on the fire. Ntikuma sensenye and he put his honor on the 'fire. Ebeneye, and he planted and finished, and his roots became good food. Ntikuma said, "I'm done, and let me go through my journey. Grandma Aberewa said, "Go tell the Squirrels on the tree, 'Grandma Aberewa please stand down and 'ni twelve.

Nana Aberewa said, "My die is my word, and you laws do not kill it. The animals came down' to beat him. Grandma Aberewa said, "My Sword Mfamfinam cut off the heads of these animals for me. Mfamfinam had cut off the heads of the animals. Ntikuma changed the animal's tail, and added a wife, to siim' to his village' Father Ananse saw Ntikuma's face and said, "'Prepare 'kwaba. He said, "Behye my back. Ntikuma fought the border. Efei Ananse is not afraid; he said, "This die me ye bara a, m'adi. The ear said, "Odomankoma boo adie, you see a man who is a bar?" Ananse and his wife and children finished the marriage and it was time for Father Ananse to die. In the morning, Ananse said, "I'm a bar. And he sat outside, and cooked the wife's dinner for her. Ntikuma said, "I'm fighting again. Ananse said, "I'll fight you. Ntikuma said, "I'm not with you. When Ntikuma went to sleep, Ananse had taken a sword, afitifitim' also agum', and thrown it at the edge of Ntikuma's cloth. The next day, right in the morning, Ntikuma set out. Anim’ teteye, Ananse pee Ntikuma, he does not see him, he goes pee also, he sees him, and he kills him. Obekoro, Ntikuma and one Nana Aberewa live here. Grandma Aberewa said, “Father ’Barima, suffering?” Ananse said, “’I am hungry, and give me something to eat.” “Where do I get something?” said Nana Aberewa. Ananse said, “I am the one you consider a fool, even my son Ntikuma has come, you have given him some.” Nana Aberewa said, “Go to the field’, the woman who says, ‘Drive me, drive me,’ drive her out, and the die who says, ‘Drive me, drive me,’ drive her out.” Ananse said, “Ah! foolishness, and you’re telling me, adie if he loves you, you say I hate him, I never heard of it?” And Ananse went to the field’s. When he got there, one woman said, “Get me out, get me out,” others said, “Get me out, get me out.” And he went out and said, “Drive me, drive me,” and he brought it home. Obe sensene finished; Nana Aberewa said, “Go and throw away the good food, and put the honey in the pot and put it on the fire.” Ananse said, “A! what nonsense are you telling me, Odomankoma boo adie, we’ll throw good food, and take his honey?” Ananse took the good food, put it on the ’fire, and put one of the ehono on it. The food was good, he fell and its roots turned into stones, and the one he put on it turned into good food. Father Ananse said, "E! if he comes tofuo this help. And Ananse went and changed the ehono, and put it on the fire. The food is good, he kneels and turns into a wife like this! “Grandma Aberewa this die for me through my mmo,” he said. Nana Aberewa said, “Go kiss the tree, There is a field on it, you go, you say, ‘your’ animals’.” Ananse said, "This son! I have nothing to do with this Farm, and I'm going to eat our judgment than?" “Go and whatever comes up, it’s my own business,” said Nana Aberewa. Duck simm’ head. He said, “Your Farm that you plant in the trees, Grandma Berewa says you’re helping.” The animals said, "If it wasn't for Grandma Aberewa, we'd kill you. Nana Aberewa said, "That's your law. Ananse said, "The girl is not good. And the animals are on him, we'll kill Ananse. The old woman said, "My Knife 'Famfinam cut ye'ti. Tintin! The old woman said, "Adwobere!" And Ananse didn't hear. Then Ananse changed the meat to the house, and Aberewa withdrew a little. The Duck had stolen the knife and put it in his bottom', and fled to his village' When he reached his village', he said, "Ntikuma, I have a knife so let us go to the forest' And we're sitting here, and we're seeing Nkokotee. Ananse said, "It's two times. Ntikuma koreye said, "The chickens are dirty. Nkokotee said, "If I were Kwaku Ananse and his 'son were you, then we would come and kill you. Kwaku Ananse said, "Your proverb is not good, its dwaye is a game. The cockroach said we'd kill him, and Kwaku Ananse said, "Old Sekan 'Famfinam, cut off our heads for me. Oh! and the Knife e's upon it, and cuts off the head of the animal. And then it continues to cut down trees. Kwaku Ananse said, "Ai! you're dien here, I said cut off the head of this animal, you've cut it off, and now this one?" And Ntikuma died here; he said, "Advent!" Kwaku Ananse did not hear, and the Knife came down', and Ananse had fought. Ye'san came to 'home. In the morning Kwaku Ananse said we're going to God. Ntikuma said, "Father Sekan this is why' nnko. The duck said, "Take it ho'ra!" Ntikuma said, "The corner. Ananse went up to Nyankonpon, and said to him, "Grandfather, if anyone touches you, I, Kwaku Ananse, will cut off the head of our cow for you one day. God said, "This is thankful and there', and a great grace stands outside the city, and gone!" Ananse said, "Take a hand and a sheep. Now we've got it. Ananse set 'on the road; Ananse asked the 'dom, "You said you would fight God?" Ye'see, "E! die we're saying this?" God 's grace stands behind Ananse. Kwaku Ananse had said to Aberewa Sekan 'Famfinam, "Cut the head of 'dom for me. And Sekan cut ye'ti tan! ugly! conclusion. Ananse said, "Well done and stop. The Knife had built God's 'grace drink' and e'twa. Ananse said, "E! God's grace is and stop," and it's cut. Ananse said, "You're angry and let him die. Oh! God 's grace is not afraid! Now the Knife is through 'the sky'; it's Kwaku Ananse's fall. He said, "Well o! you don't have me? You don't have me? I'm Kwaku Ananse and I'll take you to Aberewa. Oh! then Kwaku Ananse said, tan! The flesh of Sekan; and somewhere it stopped and turned into a leaf that we’d call “Etene” our mouth meat, meat, meat it.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.