Ye’s not that, not that o

SEDIE MPANINFUO SAYS, WE DO NOT TALK ABOUT KETESO

YE’SEE ’Nyankonpon Kwame bought a little field, and planted coconuts, ginger, vegetables, coconuts, coconuts and fenugreek. The field is furious, and the cows are full of snow. And 'God 'declared that his field' was ripe, and whoever could grace' and not stir it up, let him marry his 'daughter Abena Nkroma. This one, and he’s watiti him, and we’re afraid of him; and this one fights, and we’re afraid of him; people don’t stand koye; y’antimi. Then Kwaku Ananse said, "I am able. But God's field is by the road, and the road is used for market every Friday. And Ananse, knowing sa, takes every Friday and goes there. And if he loves, and if the crowd that’s passing by says, “Father Ananse, work o!”, he says, “We’re dead!” We’re saying, “This is the field that no one can eat, and you’re doing this?” Ananse said, "E! come fuck, that's why I'm here. His fuck hands are like this. And it’s good for him hen’; and if he does so, the king’s kingdom will be at peace. Someone passes’ again and gives him,—“Work!” and with his hands he has made what is good hen’. If his smile’, he said, “The son of a bitch, we’ll see his smile, if it’s like this.” Ode sa, and he's finished. Then he went and told 'God that he had finished the field. God asked the angry man, “Is he finished?” The guy said, “Yes!” ’God asked him, “Did he slip away?” “No, he didn’t move,” he said. ’God gave Abena Nkroma to Ananse as a wife. One night, Ananse and the bride went to bed, and the bride asked him, “How did you stick to your father’s field so well, a field that everyone goes to, and he comes back, and you stick to your stick?” Then Ananse said, "Do you believe that I am a 'stupid?' nome Sedie the good I have done.” And Abena Nkroma said, "Well tomorrow I'll tell Father, you're tired. Ananse said to him, "Don't, and this is a joke. Abena Nkroma said, “I don’t know anything about keteso’sem.” Abena Nkroma took his cart to the daily ’s side. The Duck was jealous, and went and took his sepirewa, and struck him:

“Abena Nkroma, this is not a story.

Let’s take it for granted.

He said, 'No.

Someone has come, and someone is going ’way’.”

And Ananse soreye not the day. Ananse lies there and osoreye. He said, “Abena Nkroma.” Quiet! Ananse said, “I’ve got you.” He took a kora to that water, and put it on Abena Nkroma's boat. And Ananse didn't day. He slept and said, "Go! Abena Nkroma what is this? Your little mind; in the morning, if you don't believe it; in the morning, I tell people to stand. Ananse said, "I’m not going to stop, and I’m the one who came first; you say you’re going to tell me; I say stop; you say ‘no’. So I’m not going to stop. And Abena Nkroma said, "Stop mine, and if you do what I say, I will stop, and if you don't stop mine, I'll be ashamed. And Ananse said, "I hear, if you want us to take it aketese' sem, then the matter is over. Ene se mpan’infuo says, “Aketeso’sem we don’t talk.” Believe me in my story, whether it is good or bad, and accept me with it.