Ye' don't say, don't say o

WE'MMFI DIFFERENT AFTER YOU LAUGH BOO

ANANSE heard it, and on Sunday he went to God for the morning, and God gave him the anka'tam. Ananse put it on the koye. Okoye and don't let your water' ye'si clothes. Ananse told us not to take the anka'tam for us to come. And ye're for the army. Ananse said, "Don't give me anything, don't leave me alone. Ena we'sa poured water on the toam' for him and he went. He went, and some people cut the coffee, and Ananse gave us the water to drink. And the people gave him a wife. And he went, and went to the otomfuo and ate the bidie. And he gave him a wife, and if he did not believe, and ate bidie sa, he did not believe. Ananse said, "Give me something alone. And he gave him a soso, and he went away. And he saw a 'man with his coat e'nu abe. The Duck gave him the soso, and he gave the Duck a bowl. And he osiim' koye. And he went and found a son who had 'duo, and he anointed us with his tears. And Kwaku Ananse gave the nno to the son to visit his children. The king gave him a sword, and he went to siim' koye to meet a king. He has 'no son and he has taken eta and covered him with nfwenee. And Father Duck gave the child to the son. And the son gave him eta, and he set out' koye. And he went to meet someone with his abatwe and e'yam sam. And Ananse gave him the eta, and he gave Ananse a sam. And ode to the Esono association. And the Esono society ye'nom atekye. And Ananse said, "You don't eat this sam, and you don't eat this atekye. And Esono's fellowship is yes, and ye'nome. We're done, and Ananse said,

“Give me something alone.” And we said, “We’re not going to eat, and this river that’s there, let’s go jump atera, and die obetom’ and you’ll take it.” Only Esono will nyem. The animals were standing in a hurry and die onyem fell to drink’, and Ananse went and took him, and took a stick and grabbed Elephant’s leg, and held him. And he saw that he laughed e’koro. And Ananse said, "This bird's e'fe I'll go tomorrow' to my son Ntikuma. And Ananse followed the laughter; auto boo boo the no; he didn’t get it. Obaye so and Esono fight. It’s like saying, “We don’t just laugh at the elephant.”

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.