Ye' don't say, don't say o

THIS IS THE ANANSE BEYEE 'HIANI

KWAKU ANANSE went to God and said, "Give me a piece of rice so I can go through the city. God said, "You're not. Ananse said, "If I can't, I tell you ni Six, ya I'll take my head off. God said, "Take and fight. Ananse siim' to the city. He reported to the city, "God sent me to take this field of rice somewhere, and when I come, I will give this rice to the hills. Odekuro said, "E! and chicken and rice sleep, will it be all right?" Ananse said, "You die for him alone and we sleep. Odekuro said, "Put it there." The next morning, Ananse said o'coffee, and there was no rice. Ananse said, "Odekuro, God's rice and the hills have passed. Odekuro said, "This is not my responsibility, and take the chicken. Ananse took a little cock and sent it to a town. When he arrived, he told the city, "God sent me, and I'll be here, and the cock that killed me, sleeps with the sheep. Odekuro said, "Put it on." At night Ananse went to 'dwanbuom' to kill the chicken. He took a chicken and a sword mantam mantame sheep kesie and mmenm' The next morning, he went to the odekuro and said, "Give me the chicken. We're going to fight for him, the cock is dead. The duck said, "Oh! God's cock and 'the sheep have killed him. Odekuro said, "I can't blame you, so take the sheep. Ananse set the sheep' The husband reached the town of bako so. Okoo odekuro 's house. Odekuro said, "Suffering?" Ananse said, "God sent me and this sheep that eats me, one cow's bed. Odekuro said, "Ho! let him alone sleep with the sheep. Ananse said, "No, God alone is with him; he sleeps with the cows. Odekuro said, "Take it to you. Ananse fought him to it. At night, Ananse killed the sheep and put its blood on the head of a bull. The next morning, Ananse said, “Odekuro take my ’sheep for me.” We’ve fought together; this sheep is dead. Ananse said, “Odekuro, God ’s sheep and the cow killed him.” Odekuro said, "I can't blame it, and the bull that kills it, take it away. Ananse took the bull and went to a town. He ’s the cow to the mantame to daye. At night he slept ho’a, and we told the odekuro that his ’donko was dead. “Just throw it away, I don’t have a box,” Odekuro said. Ananse said, “I eat my own, and God told me that if I got a corpse we’d throw away, I would exchange it for a cow.” The crowd said, "No. Ananse said, “Give it to me, and if you go and sell the cow, you will get a river, and you will put it in the donko mono.” “Your help,” the crowd said. And we’re saved. Ananse lifted the body and went to a town. He went to it, and said to the woodsman, "Let my cow sleep with you on this pato; and the cow does not take it, she sleeps at night, so if she sleeps, let the cow sleep with her. 'The man who has been dead for three days. The sleeper slept with him. Then we’ve heard something shake. We’re saying, “The sword is waiting for you to kiss it.” We’ve dropped it, titillating! titim! titim! The next morning, Ananse went free and slept. Obekoro, onna is dead. Ananse said, "Odekuro, God 's wrath is with me, and your sword has killed him. Odekuro said, "I can't talk about it, and fight the sword. Ananse said, “Except in this city, and the city’s hafuo stand before God to defend you.” Odekuro declared, “Stand alone with God and we’ll defend ourselves.” Ananse was the first; the people stood and followed him. Ananse went to the town, he sent the obofuo to tell God that he would bring the town e’ba God boo him ’dwa and obtenaa’se. And Ananse o’koro raised: “Ananse open! open! I will fight with rice fua. Ananse open! open!

I've fought a sheep for a cow, I've fought a cow for a corpse, I've fought a corpse for the city! "

People stand saying, " Listen to a song that Ananse 's singing. Ananse continued:

"Ananse open! open! I'm going to fight with rice.

Ananse opens! open! I've fought with a chicken for a sheep, I've fought a sheep for a cow, I've fought a cow for a corpse, I've fought a corpse for the city! "

The Duck fought and reached the presence of God', and God asked the Duck for his suffering. Ananse said, "The rice field I took to bring from the city; it stands in the city. God said, "Don't accept it. "E! E! E!" God said, "What shall I thank you for?" The duck said, "I don't want anything, and 'padeem' is what I want. God said, "O! oh! this thy servant is poor, and thou shalt die of it, and thou shalt bring forth much food, thou sayest thou desirest none. That Ananse never really needed it.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.