Ye’s not that, not that o

ANY WAY YOU WILL SEE THAT OSEBO IS STILL, AND ADANKO IS GOING ON

WE’RE Osebo and Osebowa and Adanko and Adankowa and we’re the akura. And you'll come. And Osebowa says you’re going to die. He’s right, and Adankowa is eating rice. Osebowa said, "E! eno, where did we get you?" Adankowa said, “My husband, there was a big road out here and he went to go pe ahabayere, and he went and got this rice, so take it and cook it.” “Thank you Aku,” he said. And Osebowa took it home, and set it on fire. And the husband came, and asked her, and she said, He gave me a witch, and she said there was a great road in the field, and her husband went by it to build the bay. Osebo said, “Fourth tomorrow I will go right in the morning.” And Osiim’s head. Obekoro, and rice and this abuo. And he took his knife and cut some boo in exchange for gum’. And Adanko heard his ’house, and saw that Osebo had come to the field to drink’. Ehoara and he also got up’. He reached the crossroads, and turned to Otwe. I’m giving apple; it's about mporoye. And he went ahead and turned Oyuo. I’m giving apple; it's about mporoye. And he went forward and turned into ’Tromo. I’m giving apple; and it’s about mporoye. And he went forward and turned to Ekuo. Enee and her mother ’mono. Then bede and rice and so ’Sebo and o’ba. Obaye and wabeto Ekuo. Osebo said, “Kom beba not come, and this animal is dead.” And he turned, and found 'Tromo; and when he turned around, he found Oyuo; and he turned aside, and found Otwe. And he said, "E! if these animals are enough, enee I'll fight and I'll fight tase. He threw down the grain and the beads’, and set out to take the animals we’d had before. Obekoro, we’re not. Then he will come, without bede and rice. Osiim’s house was quiet. “Where is the rice?” Osebowa asked. “I koye I didn’t get any I didn’t,” he said. And Osebowa went to the river’, and went to Adankowa. Osebowa said, “I’m sorry my husband said he went and didn’t get any of the rice.” Adankowa said, “Oboa, yesterday he took my husband and beat him and took his hand’.” Osebowa sim’s my ’home. She said to her husband, "Mo! mo! mo! you say you went and didn't get any of the rice, and that Adanko beat you and took it from you. Osebo said, “Who is Adanko, tomorrow I will fight him stone children?” Adanko heard his ’fie and heard. He told his wife, “Tomorrow Osebo will come here to fight me so I will meet him on the way, and you may be afraid.” The morning Adanko sat down’. He reached the town, and turned Adowa, and he’s smelling hyire, bidie, and blood. And he went forward, and turned Wansane, and he’fe sa’ra. Okoo moved forward and turned to Ekuo. Slander see you’re. Adowa said, “Father ’Sebo is in me, and I’m dead.” “Why?” Osebo asked. Adowa said, “I fought with him one day over rice, and he beat me, and I died.” Osebo said, “Let me eat me.” And you'll come. I'm going to Wansane. Wansane said, “Osebo is in me, and if Adanko we’re not going to have a rice fight with him.” “Why?” Osebo asked. Wansane said, “I’m going to be killed, and I’m going to die.” “Give me a sword,” Osebo said. Okoye, and he called Ekuo. Ekuo said, “Father ’Sebo is in me, and I’m dead.” “Why?” Osebo asked. Ekuo said, “I fought with Adanko and ate rice, and he hit me and I died.” Then Osebo flew here. He said, “E! I’ll go back and fight the same rice, and if he hits me e!” And Osebo's atu, cri cri! Immediately Adanko rose. He fell on him, and Osebo tramm’ said, “’Sebowa e! run o!” Osebo reached his 'house and went into his room', and he bowed his head to the room, and entered', and Adanko also grabbed his two laughs. And Osebo said, "Father Adanko leave me. Adanko said, “I’ll get you, and I’ll kill you.” Osebo said, “I laugh at you, help me, and let my idols drink that whichever way you take, I will come to my abode.” That is, if you take a ’way, die you will find that Osebo’s sword has been taken by Adanko.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.