Ye’s not that, not that o

ANANSE SEE HE’S GOING TO BE A FOOL, BUT HE IS A FOOL

ANANSE was sitting there, and he said he’d like a fool to load him. He went, went, went, he didn't get any. And he went to meet Osansa. “Let’s fight,” he said. Osansa said, “I eat your meat.” And later he went to meet Anene, and said, "Let us go and build a bridge. Anene said, “I’m not.” And this is what Osansa said to Anene, "The burden you have hidden with Ananse, only, and Ananse says he wants a fool, and he has built the burden with him and eaten the money. Anene said, “You stop eating, and I’ll take the money.” Anene and Ananse went to the forest and cut the father. Anene said to Ananse, "Give me a knife to cut, and you take it time. Ananse said, "Am I the one you consider 'foolish? let me cut it, and you take it time. Ananse is cut and Anene sits there and approves. He cut it off, and we’d tied it up. Anene said, “Ananse let me carry it, and you take it time.” Ananse said, “So’ ho, and I’m the one you consider ’stupid?” And he gave soaye. Anene followed and she’s agreed. We’re home, Anene said, "Let me do the load, and you’ll take it time. Ananse said, "No day let me do it, and you take it time. And Anene is always praising and o'pene. Ananse said, "Fool, you say you know wisdom, and you' die. When Ananse finished carrying it, Anene said, "Let me carry it, I'll go swim' and you'll take it time. Ananse said, "No, I'll fight, and you'll take it time. Ye'ko reached the water drink'; Anene said, "Father Ananse there is an animal in the water' and let me sit down and fish this load', and if the animal touches me, you have taken his death. Ananse said, "Ah! you consider me a 'good fool, I, I'm going to gum' and if he touches me, you'll take him to death. Ananse carried the load to the guum', and we came 'home. In the morning, we'd fight the burden, and remove two ideas. Anene said, "Ananse, you take these two, and tomorrow we'll come and take four, and I'll take my side. Ananse said, "Ah! this slave, you consider me a 'good fool; you take these two, and I will take my four parts tomorrow. Anene is a father. In the morning, ye'koye and funeral four. Anene said, "You take these four, and tomorrow we'll come and take eight, and I'll take mine. Ananse said, "You consider me a fool, you take these four, and I will take eight tomorrow. The next day ye'koye, and ayi nwotwe. Anene said, "Take it, and tomorrow I'll take sixteen. Ananse said, "I am the one you consider 'foolish, you take eight, and tomorrow I will take sixteen. Then the load was down, and Anene said to Ananse, "Go and bring the body of the load, and if you sell it, bafua bi'a, ntanu, so your Father Ananse accept this idea and carry this body for me. Ananse said, "No, you go ton the idea of ​​it, and I'll go ton carry this corpse on my side. Ye'soasoaye is not a sword' Now Anene die her mother's house; he got a lot of money. And left Ananse. And Anene said to him, "Take this body around, and we'll bury it. Ananse gave up; he said, "I ton carry the body o! And the town heard, and said, "Where is this servant from, you just call him to come?" Ananse went. The town said, "You believe that we in the town are fools; and your neighbor will sell this idea, you did not see, and you will sell and carry the body for us?" Odekuro said, "You help him." And we kissed him. And Anene said, "Ananse you have seen, you are ashamed; you say you've got to work with a fool, you've seen that you're a fool.

My story that I have told, whether it is good or bad, take some, and bring some.