AUGUST 2026

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

INFORMATION FROM: OCTOBER 5-NOVEMBER 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

PSALM 55 Do Not Be Afraid of Them!

WHAT WE WILL LEARN

Satan wants you to believe that Jehovah God and Jesus Christ do not love you, but do not believe him.

Trust in Jehovah and Jesus, not Satan

“Oppose the Devil, and he will flee from you.”—JAS. 4:7.

SINCE you first came to love Jehovah and made the decision to serve him, Satan and the demons have been furious, doing all they can to weaken your love for Jehovah. If Satan had, you would have stopped serving Jehovah. But he knows that because your relationship with Jehovah is so strong, Jehovah is helping you, and he cannot fail you. So he tries to weaken your love for Jehovah so that he will stop helping you. For example, he does all he can to make you feel that Jehovah and his Son care about you.—2 Cor. 11:14; Yak. 1:6.

2 Consider something to help us understand this. When soldiers go to war, they must trust their commanders. If they did not trust their commanders, they would not obey them, putting the soldiers in great danger or even getting them killed. In a sense, we are soldiers fighting against “the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places.” (Eph. 6:12) Satan the Devil knows that if we lose faith in Jehovah and Jesus Christ, we will stop obeying them. So he does all he can to undermine our faith in them. In this article, we will discuss how he did so in the past and how he is still doing so today. Then we'll figure out how to beat him. In the following article, we will consider two more of Satan's methods.*

* Not all the problems we face are caused by Satan himself. But he influences people in the world to think and act like him in order to oppose God's people. So when we suffer hardships or are persecuted for serving Jehovah, we are really fighting against Satan.—1 ​​Cor. 2:12; 1 John. 5:19.

1. What is one way Satan tries to turn you away from serving Jehovah?

2. Why is it vital that we have complete faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

2

SATAN HAS COVERED PEOPLE'S THINKING ABOUT JEHOVAH AND JESUS

3 Shortly after Jehovah created Adam and Eve, Satan tried to get them to disobey Him. Satan deceived Eve into believing that her Creator, Jehovah, did not love her. He asked Eve: “Is it really so that God said you must not eat from every tree of the garden?” (Gen. 3:1-5) He wanted Eve to believe that Jehovah was not giving her and her husband, Adam, everything they needed. What Satan said was a lie. But Eve believed Satan's lie. Sadly, Eve and Adam did the will of Jehovah's adversary, Satan. Although Jehovah had given them life and everything they had, they disobeyed him.—Gen. 3:6.

4 Ever since the time of Adam and Eve, Satan has corrupted people's thinking about Jehovah. For example, Satan had three men tell Job lies about Jehovah. He wanted Job to believe that Jehovah did not love him and that nothing Job could do would please Jehovah. (Job 22:1-3) Satan also caused Job to suffer terribly. He thought that this would cause Job to curse Jehovah and thus weaken Job's love for Him. But Satan did not break Job's friendship with Jehovah.—Job 27:1, 5.

5 Centuries after Jesus came to earth, Satan tried to stop people from following him. For example, he had the religious leaders and others who hated Jesus spread lies about him. Many people believed these lies, so they accused Jesus of being a criminal and had him put to death.

—Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mar. 14:55, 56; John. 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus' death, Satan tried to discourage Jesus' followers from preaching about him. How did he do it? First, Satan did not want people to believe that God had resurrected Jesus. So he had some men lie about being Jesus' disciples and steal Jesus' body. (Matt. 28:11-15) Later, Satan used the religious leaders and the rulers to persecute Jesus' disciples. He thought that would make them very afraid. He wanted them to be so afraid that they would stop doing the work that Jesus had commanded them to do.—Acts 1:8. 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

7 Some of the disciples became fearful and stopped preaching, but most remained faithful and kept on preaching. They realized that Satan and his demons were behind their efforts to stop the preaching work. (Acts 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) What does Satan do today to try to discourage us from serving Jehovah?

SATAN CONTINUES TO CONFLICT PEOPLE'S THINKING ABOUT JEHOVAH AND JESUS

8 Today, Satan makes it difficult for people to learn the truth about Jehovah and Jesus. The Devil is “the father of the lie”; he has allowed false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus. (John 8:44) For example, he has blinded people to the true identity of Jehovah and Jesus. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some prayers teach that Jesus is the same as his Father, Jehovah. As a result, people do not know God's name, Jehovah, and they worship Jesus instead of Jehovah. But Jehovah wants only one worshiper, and Jesus wants only Jehovah to be worshipped.

3. What did Satan tell Eve to do to corrupt her view of Jehovah?

4. How did Satan try to corrupt Job's thinking about Jehovah?

5. What did Satan do to stop people from following Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. How did Satan try to stop Jesus' disciples from preaching?

8. What has Satan caused false religion to do about Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST 2026 3

Satan's world is full of things that could make us feel that we should not believe what Jehovah teaches us (See paragraph 11)

(Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) Many of these people believe what they are taught so much that even when we teach them the truth, they do not listen, and sometimes they even oppose us.

⁹ When you start dating someone, one of the first things you learn about them is their name. Satan does not want people to have a close relationship with Jehovah, so he does not even know Jehovah's name. How does he do it? Throughout history, false religion has used God's name to mislead people. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) He has also had God's name removed from many Bible translations so that people would not know it and use it, even though it is likened to a strong tower. (Proverbs 18:10) In addition, false religion has promoted the idea that God is responsible for our suffering. As a result, many people fear God and do not view him as someone who would like to be their friend. (Jas. 4:8) Satan also tries to turn Jehovah's people away from serving Him.

¹⁰ When we suffer, Satan wants us to believe that Jehovah does not care about us.

9. What has Satan used to blind people to Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

10. What could cause a servant of Jehovah to become enraged against him?

4 THE WATCHTOWER

we feel about what we are going through. And if our problems persist, Satan would like us to become angry with Jehovah for not doing something about them. (Proverbs 19:3) And if that happens, we might ask ourselves, 'If Jehovah does not help me, why should I continue to do his will?' If we were to feel that way, we would be tempted to do what Satan wants rather than what Jehovah wants.

11 Satan wants us to believe what Jehovah tells us about right and wrong, and social media is one way he does that. For example, on social media, many people say that the Bible is out-of-date and that we do not need God to tell us what is right and what is wrong. As “the ruler of the world,” Satan has succeeded in misleading many into thinking that bad is good and good is bad.—John 17:16. 2:30 p.m.; Yes. 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1, 2.

12 If we listen to what people in Satan's world say about right and wrong, we may gradually begin to feel that what Jehovah teaches us is not right. A young sister whom we will call Sharon says: “It took me a while to realize that what I was learning at school and the people I was associating with were changing my thinking. Gradually, I became interested in what Jehovah taught us was wrong. In some places, serving Jehovah does not make me happy. And when I am with my family and brothers, I am not happy.” In time, Sharon made changes and strengthened her relationship with her heavenly Father, Jehovah. So he did not allow Satan to deceive him anymore. What did he do to make the changes?

13 Sharon realized that she needed to make big changes in order to maintain her friendship with Jehovah and Jesus. She says: “I prayed to Jehovah for help to make good friends, and I did research in the congregation's publications and videos. The video Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends? helped me a lot.* The sister in the video faced a challenge similar to mine. She humbly asked her parents to help me make a decision. For example, my parents, the elders, and some sisters helped me to stop associating with people who love Jehovah and to make good friends and I will see why I believe what the Bible says.”

YOU CAN BE SURE THAT JEHOVAH AND JESUS ​​LOVE YOU VERY MUCH

14 Our friendship with Jehovah depends on our choosing wholesome associates. (Jas. 4:4) We must also be careful not to believe everything we read or hear that is not from Jehovah. For example, we may read or hear a story

* jw.org contains videos and articles that can help young ones to strengthen their relationship with Jehovah. These will be found in the section Friendship With Jehovah, under the heading Youths. On JW Library®, you can also find these articles under the heading “Your Friendship With God,” under “Questions Young People Ask.”

11. How does Satan want us to feel about what Jehovah teaches us? What is one way he does that? (See also picture.)

12. Why should we not listen to what people in Satan's world say about right and wrong?

13. What have you learned from Sharon's experience?

14. What can we do to prevent Satan from weakening our faith? (See also picture.)

AUGUST 2026

5

FREE BIBLE COURSE

If we meditate on what Jehovah teaches us in the Bible, we will draw closer to him and build faith in him.—See paragraph 14.

a statement that is false or not all the facts of the case. If we keep reading or listening to such stories, we may begin to believe things that are not true. But if we study the Bible and our publications and videos, attend Christian meetings regularly, and associate with mature brothers and sisters, we will be less likely to be deceived. If we know Bible truths well, we will be able to recognize them when they are false and will not allow Satan to weaken our faith.—Proverbs 13:20; Buff. 17:11.

15 As we continue to study the Bible and come to know Jehovah and Jesus better, we will see more clearly

15. What will show us that Jehovah and Jesus want us to be happy?

that they want us to be happy. (Proverbs 22:19) The Bible contains examples of men and women who exercised faith in Jehovah and Jesus. If we meditate on how Jehovah and Jesus treated them, our faith in Jehovah and Jesus will grow. Jehovah and Jesus said some very comforting things, and these words are recorded in the Bible. If we read these accounts carefully, we will see how much Jehovah and Jesus love us. For example, Jehovah said that he loves his servants more than a mother loves her baby. (Isa. 49:15) He also said that those who love his name will never be left behind. (Mal. 3:16, 17) When we read the Bible, we can see how Jesus felt

6 THE WATCHTOWER

he gives in our behalf. He said that he loved us so much that he gave his life for us.—John 3:16. 15:12, 13.

16 When we meditate on how Jehovah and Jesus have helped us in our life, we are convinced that they love us very much. For example, we might think of a time when Jehovah answered a prayer or strengthened us. Reflecting on how he helped us during that time will strengthen our conviction that he will continue to care for us. We can also ask our brothers to relate how Jehovah has helped them. (Proverbs 22:17) If we do so, we will be confident that Jehovah and Jesus will help us whenever we need them.—Read Psalm 118:5,

17 We all want to stay close to Jehovah and Jesus. But until Satan and his demons are completely destroyed, they will continue to try to weaken our faith in Jehovah and Jesus. (Rev. 20:1-3, 10) What will help us to resist them? We need to keep strengthening our relationship with Jehovah, firmly convinced that both Jehovah and Jesus love us dearly and never abandon us. Jesus promised that if we do so, Jehovah will continue to protect us, and no one can “snatch [us] out of the hand of the Father.”—Read John 10:29; Yak. 4:7.

18 In the following article, we will consider two more of Satan's methods of trying to destroy our friendship with Jehovah. We will see how he does all he can to cause divisions in the congregation and how he uses those outside the congregation to persecute us. In addition, we will learn how we can remain loyal to Jehovah no matter what Satan does.

16. Why is it important to meditate on how Jehovah has helped us and others? (Psalm 118:5, 6)

17. According to John 10:29, what did Jesus say he would do for those who continue to love him and his Father?

18. What will be considered in the following article?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ How did Satan corrupt people's thinking about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ How does Satan distort people's thinking about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ Why are you convinced that Jehovah and Jesus love you and want you to be happy?

LALA 150

Seek God's Way to Save You

OCTOBER 12-18, 2026

PSALM 129 We Will Stand Firm

WHAT WE CAN LEARN We need to keep in mind that our fight is against Satan and his demons, not against our brothers.

You Can Conquer Satan and the Demons!

“We have a wrestling, not against blood and flesh, but against the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places.”—EPH. 6:12.

AS JEHOVAH'S servants, we do not take part in the wars of the world. (Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) But the Bible says that each of us has a fight against Satan and the demons. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) These wicked spirits are far more powerful than we are. So how do we beat them? We can conquer them only with Jehovah's help. But we also need to know what Satan and the demons are doing to weaken our faith and that of our brothers.

2 In the preceding article, we saw how Satan tries to corrupt our thinking so that we do not believe in Jehovah and Jesus. In this article, we will discuss two more of Satan's methods of trying to turn us away from serving Jehovah. First, Satan tries to cause divisions in the congregation. Furthermore, because he wants us to become fearful and give up in the preaching work, he uses those outside the congregation to persecute us.

SATAN IS TRYING TO CREATE DIVISION AMONG US

3 Satan tries to cause divisions in the congregation by causing problems between us and our brothers. He wants you

1. Against whom must each of us fight? (Ephesians 6:11, 12) 2. What will we consider in this study? 3. What does Satan want us to do?

8

Saul became jealous of David and lost faith in Jehovah, but Jonathan trusted in Jehovah and helped David (See vv. 4, 6)

rather than fighting against it. How does he do that? Many in Satan's world are unloving, and they often do not trust one another. Satan wants us to be like them. He wants us to speak against our brothers and even against Jehovah's organization.—Rom. 16:17.

4 Consider, for example, how King Saul gradually became jealous of David. He used to love David. He liked David because he was a brave soldier. (1 Sam. 18:5) But when Saul saw that David was being praised more than he was, he became very jealous of him. This made Saul jealous of David. That is why he tried to kill David many times. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) If Saul had killed David, Satan would have been furious. Why do we say that? Because Jehovah had David anointed as the next king of Israel after Saul. (1 Sam. 16:13) If Jehovah's purpose had not been fulfilled, Satan would have been very pleased. So when Satan saw Saul do all he could to kill David, the one Jehovah had chosen to be king, he was very pleased.

5 Satan knows that if we are united, Jehovah will help us and bless us. (Psalm 133:1) Hence, he wants problems to arise in the congregation. If we were to become envious and envious of our brothers, as Saul was in the case of David, Satan would use that opportunity to turn us against one another. Satan knows that if we harbor resentment toward our brothers, it will be difficult for us to show love for them. (Mark 12:30, 31) If that were to happen, our worship would be unacceptable to Jehovah. James gave us a strong warning about the danger of becoming envious of our brothers.—Read James 3:14-16.

4. Why did King Saul repeatedly try to kill David? (See also picture.)

5. Why does Satan want us to be jealous of our brothers and to be jealous of them? (James 3:14-16)

AUGUST 2026 9

6 If we truly love our brothers, we will not be bitter or jealous of them. Instead, we will be loyal to them. Consider the fine example of Jonathan. Saul was jealous of David, but his son Jonathan was not. He saw David as a friend, and he told him that what Jehovah had said about him would come true. He told David, “You will be king over Israel.” Jonathan humbly recognized David as Jehovah's choice to succeed Saul as king, and he supported David.—1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

7 People are different, and Satan would like to use that to cause division among us. He wants us to believe that because of our differences in tastes, behavior, and nationality, unity is impossible. What can we do to prevent him from causing division? If we disagree or have problems, we should resolve them quickly. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Do things that will deepen your love for your brothers. Remember, just as each part of the body is important and valuable, so Jehovah values ​​each one of us. (1 Cor. 12:12) Our brothers are soldiers who join us in our fight against Satan and the demons.—1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 If a fellow believer says or does something that upsets you, remember that he is not perfect, just as you are. Because we work closely with our brothers, we will inevitably see their shortcomings. (Eccl. 7:20) But if that happens, we need to apply the Bible's counsel and be patient with one another. And when they offend us, we should be quick to forgive them. (Col. 3:12-14) When we show love for one another and promote unity, we are doing what Jehovah and Jesus want us to do.—John 13:35. 17:20, 21.

SATAN TRIES US TO STOP SERVING JEHOVAH

9 Another way Satan tries to stop us from serving Jehovah is by means of persecution. The apostle Paul warned that all true Christians would be persecuted. (2 Tim. 3:12) When a person is mistreated, he is treated unfairly. Therefore, if we are persecuted unwittingly, we will be more likely to focus on how we can punish those who persecuted us. But if we were to do so, we would have little time for the most important work Jehovah has given us to do, the preaching work.—Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Consider what happened to Abraham's son Isaac. Isaac became very rich and had many animals. This made the Philistines jealous of him, so they stopped up his wells so that he could not get water. (Gen. 26:12-18) But Isaac, his family, and his animals would also need water. So he moved to another place far away and dug wells there. But the Philistines claimed the water there too, and Isaac's shepherds quarreled with them. Clearly, the Philistines treated Isaac badly, and that could have discouraged him. But Isaac did not let his shepherds fight with the Philistines. Reaction? He had to move to another location to make peace, and Jehovah

6. What have you learned from Jonathan's example? (See also picture.)

7. What will help us to prevent Satan from causing divisions among us? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. If a fellow believer says or does something that upsets you, how should you react?

9. What is another way Satan tries to turn us away from serving Jehovah?

10. How did Isaac react to the mistreatment?

10 THE WATCHTOWER

#WEWANT CHANGE

STOP CORRUPTION

THE PEOPLE SERVE

CHANGE

Will you remain loyal to Jehovah and support his Kingdom? (See paragraph 13)

valley. (Gen. 26:19-25) When we are treated unfairly, we need to be patient and kind.

11 When Jesus, the Messiah, came to earth, many people treated him badly. For example, when he began preaching, some of his relatives said that his mind was not working properly. (Mark 3:21) The religious leaders repeatedly tried to stop him from preaching, even accusing him of getting his power from the demons. (Luke 11:15, 16) One of his apostles, who was traveling with him, betrayed him. (Matt. 26:14-16) The chief priests conspired with the rulers to have him put to death. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) But Jesus did not allow the injustice he suffered to stop him from carrying out the work Jehovah had given him to do. And he did not do any of the bad things that had happened to him. When Jesus was arrested, the apostle Peter tried to defend him. In fact, he even cut off the ear of a slave of the high priest. But Jesus was not pleased with what Peter had done, and he healed the man.

(Luke 22:50, 51) In all these situations, Jesus did not try to be different. Instead, he kept on doing the work Jehovah had given him to do.

12 Like Jesus, we too face challenges that could cause us to stop serving Jehovah. Satan is trying to stop us from preaching. Relatives and others who do not serve Jehovah may oppose or even persecute us. After all, Jesus commanded us to love even those who persecute us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) What will show that we are obeying Jesus' command? We should not hate or even make fun of those who persecute us. Instead, we should do our utmost to treat all people, including those who persecute us, with peace, patience, and respect.—1 Cor. 13:4.

13 When rulers make laws that make things difficult

11. When people mistreated Jesus, what did he do?

12. How did Jesus say we should treat those who persecute or oppose us? (Matthew 5:43, 44) 13. Why should we still respect secular authorities when they oppose us? (See also picture.)

AUGUST 2026 11

If we continue to love our brothers and promote unity, we will conquer Satan and the demons (See paragraph 16)

for us or even if they interfere with our work, we should still respect them. Why? Because God's Word requires that we do so. (Rom. 13:1, 2) We cannot say that Satan is behind every law that governments make to protect us. After all, he wants us to be angry with the authorities and to speak against them or even to rebel against them. Today, when the rulers pass laws that the people disagree with, the majority of the people throw a grain bowl at the rulers. But as Christians, we do not deserve such practices! (Prov. 24:21, 22; Eccl. 8:2, 3) If we were to put our trust in God's Kingdom behind a government, we would be doing Satan's will.—John 13:16. 15:19.

14 Some who once opposed Jehovah's Witnesses have become zealous Witnesses. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So if “you are being slandered and lyingly saying every sort of wicked thing,” do not forget that they can change and serve Jehovah. (Matt. 5:11) Pray that secular authorities will treat us fairly and that we will continue to serve Jehovah in peace. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Pray for others who may oppose you, such as family members, workmates, or schoolmates. Ask Jehovah to help you see what you can do to change their thinking. And you have to be very patient. One woman opposed her Witness husband for many years, but she has now become a Witness. “My husband was very patient with me,” she says. “In fact, that helped me. So patience is very important.”

15 Jehovah is fully aware of the problems we face

14. If people oppose us, what should we not forget?

15. Why should we not think that we can handle all the injustice that is done to us?

12 THE WATCHTOWER

that it is not easy for us to endure. (Psalm 37:18) Not all injustice is beyond our control. (Judg. 1:15) But Jehovah can do anything. He has promised that his Kingdom will soon bring an end to all the harm that Satan and his agents have caused. (1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) Until then, we need to be patient and loving with all, and we need to use our time and energy to help them become Jehovah's friends.

WE CAN WIN SATAN AND THE DEMONS!

16 The Bible says that we can conquer Satan and the demons. (Jas. 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) But to conquer them, we must have strong faith in Jehovah and Jesus. (Eph. 6:16) By all means, then, continue to strengthen your faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. This faith will also help you to love your brothers and to be united.

17 Satan will continue to try to persecute our brothers and to discourage us from preaching. But we must never let Satan defeat us. Jehovah and Jesus promise that if we remain faithful to them, they too will help us to conquer Satan. Our brothers are also united with us in our fight against Satan. When people oppose us, we should apply Jesus' counsel and treat them with mildness. (Luke 6:27, 28) So do not run away from your fight against Satan. Believe strongly that you can overcome him and the demons.

16. What will help us to conquer Satan and the demons? (See also photos.)

17. What should we be determined to do?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What does Satan do to cause division in the congregation?

■ How does Satan try to discourage us from preaching?

■ What convinces you that you can conquer Satan and the demons?

HYMN 149 Hymn of Victory

OCTOBER 19-25, 2026

PSALM 106 Proof of Love

WHAT WE WILL LEARN We will see how we can imitate the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus and promote peace in the congregation.

Wishing You Love

“I am making my request out of love.”—FLM. 9.

We DO NOT enjoy the peace that exists between us and our brothers. It gives us a glimpse of what life will be like in Paradise. (Isa. 32:17, 18) Although Jehovah is the Source of this peace, each of us has the responsibility to maintain it. (Rom. 12:18) How should we treat our brothers and sisters to promote peace in the congregation? If we have offended a brother, what can we do to make peace with him? And if a brother has offended us, what can we do to keep peace with him? We will find the answers in an account involving the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus. In that context, the apostle Paul made a loving appeal for peace.

I APOLOGIZE YOU WITH LOVE

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. In his letter to Philemon, Paul encouraged Philemon to welcome back his runaway slave, Onesimus. Paul told him to do so out of love for Christ and for his brothers in the congregation. You probably know this story. Philemon was in the congregation in Colossae. He was known as a man of strong faith and love. He had a non-Christian slave named Onesimus. On one occasion, Onesimus ran away from Philemon and went to Rome. He may have stolen money from Philemon. (Philem. 18) While in Rome, Onesimus became a Christian and a close friend of Paul. (Col. 4:9) However, Roman law required that runaway slaves return to their masters. To comply with this command, Paul sent Onesimus to Philemon.—Phil. 12, 13.

3 Paul may have wondered how Philemon would react if Onesimus returned to him. The Law required that a runaway slave return to his master be severely punished. Therefore,

1. What responsibility do we have as individuals?

2. Briefly relate the story of Philemon and Onesimus. (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

3. When sending Onesimus to Philemon, what questions might Paul have asked himself? (See also cover photo.)

14

Paul may have wondered, 'Will Philemon discipline Onesimus? If so, how will the congregation react? And how would other masters and slaves in the congregation feel?’ Paul knew that this could disrupt the peace of the congregation. So he wrote a letter to Tychicus to send to Philemon. (Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) He wrote not only to Philemon but also to the congregation in Colossae. In this article, we will consider some of the material in these two letters and see what they can teach us about Paul, Onesimus, and Philemon.

WHAT CAN WE LEARN FROM PAUL'S ACTION?

4 What can we learn from Paul's example? His dealings with the brothers contributed to the peace of the congregation. We can imitate him and do the same.

5 Paul treated Philemon as a friend. (Philem. 17) Paul did not act as if he were Philemon's master and could command him. (2 Cor. 1:24) Rather, he viewed Philemon as a fellow Christian, reminding him that they were friends. Paul's example would help Philemon to see how he should treat Onesimus, who had now become a Christian. And all of us can learn from Paul's example, especially those of us who serve as elders. When elders treat their brothers and sisters as friends, they contribute to the peace of the congregation. Because the elders love their brothers, they do not treat them as if they were their masters. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) Rather, they take an interest in the congregation, listen to them, and, being self-sacrificing, help them when they need assistance. Like Paul, when elders treat their brothers and sisters in a friendly way, they promote peace in the congregation.

6 Paul commended Philemon. (Philem. 4, 5, 7) Commendation produces good results. Why do we say that? Because many of us sometimes feel guilty about certain things. We may worry about whether we are viewed as attractive or unattractive, whether people like us or not, or whether we lose a privilege of service. It's okay to feel that way sometimes. But if we are not careful, our feelings can cause us to become anxious or anxious, to make us feel that we are being criticized, or even to make others feel that we are better than they are. If that happens, we will not be at peace with others. But when a person feels that way and is praised, it makes him feel good. (Proverbs 12:25) It will also make him feel appreciated and loved. Wouldn't you want your actions to make someone feel that way? If so, take the opportunity to commend others for something they are doing well. Remember, commendation is not limited to when someone does something well. Instead, you should commend him even if he tries to do something good but may not succeed. To put it simply, if you see something good in someone, say it.

7 Paul spoke well of Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) Did Paul's positive comments about Onesimus move Philemon to change his attitude toward Onesimus and to treat him kindly and kindly? No doubt that happened! We too, the things we say about the brothers that will affect how people will feel about

4-5. What can elders do to promote peace in the congregation?

6. Why is it important to commend others?

7. Why should we be careful about what we say about our brothers? (Philemon 10-12)

AUGUST 2026 15

Like Paul, have a positive view of your brothers and sisters, and speak well of them

(See paragraph 8)

them and how to treat them. This means that when we speak well of our brothers, others are more likely to treat them kindly. Unfortunately, if we do not speak well of our brothers, we may not be able to treat them well. But we must have a positive view of our brothers before we can say good things about them. What can help us to do so? Something that Paul often did can help us to do that.

⁸ Paul regularly thanked Jehovah for Philemon's good qualities. (Philem. 4, 5) He did the same for others. (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Although Paul saw their faults, he tried to focus on their good qualities. And he always thanked Jehovah for giving him such friends. If you find it difficult to speak well of others, remember this: If you strive to focus on the good qualities of your brothers and sisters and pray for Jehovah's blessing, you will find it easier to speak well of them.

⁹ Although Paul was experiencing difficulties, he spoke to Philemon with mildness. Do you remember a time when you were so tired or anxious that you spoke to someone inappropriately? True, when we are undergoing trials, it is easy to become angry and speak harshly to others. That is why Paul's dealings with Philemon are so remarkable. When he wrote his letter to Philemon, he was “a prisoner” in his own rented house in Rome. (Philem. 1) But even a few years before his imprisonment, he was beaten and then imprisoned for no apparent reason. He was imprisoned in Jerusalem and Caesarea. Then he was ordered to be taken to Rome, but on the way, the ship they were on capsized. But Paul did not allow these various circumstances to cause him to speak harshly to Philemon. Instead, he spoke to her with respect and kindness. What can we learn from the way he treated Philemon? Even if we are tired, anxious, or having problems, we can try to be peaceable with our brothers and sisters so that the congregation will be peaceful. And peace in the congregation will help us to resolve our problems.

WHAT CAN WE LEARN FROM ONESIMO'S ACTION?

1⁰ Because we are imperfect, we may at times say or do things that upset others. Onesimus' reaction is revealing

8. What will help us to maintain a positive view of our brothers and to speak well of them? (See also photos.)

9. Why was Paul's mildness to Philemon remarkable?

10. What do we learn from the way Onesimus reacted?

16 THE WATCHTOWER

how to resolve conflict. It seems, what he did wasn't much, but it was often hard to do. Reaction? He admitted his error and did all he could to make peace with Philemon. Onesimus knew that Roman law required him to return to his master. So he traveled some 800 miles [1,400 km] to visit Philemon. This trip will not be easy because it will take him about 50 days to arrive, which will cost him a lot of money. He wanted to be a slave again, and even if he was punished for what he had done, he would be punished. No doubt, it was not easy for him to make such a decision. Did he feel justified in running away from Philemon? We can’t tell. But even so, he returned and did all he could to repair his relationship with File-mon, who was now his Christian brother.

11 If you have done or said something that has hurt someone, go and make peace with him. (Matt. 5:23-25) Doing so may not be easy, but it is better to make peace than to tear it apart. When you meet, apologize, but do not hesitate to do so. Listen to what he says, and try to understand why he is upset. Admit your mistake. Don't make excuses and don't blame others for what you did. Otherwise, your apology will be ineffective, the conflict will not be resolved, and it may even escalate. It is not easy to apologize, but if we are humble, we can do so. And that is often the way to make peace more quickly.—Rom. 14:19.

WHAT CAN WE LEARN FROM PHILEMON'S ACTION?

12 Philemon's example teaches us how to make peace when someone offends us. Did Phile-mon forgive and welcome Onesimus? The Bible does not say. But Paul was sure that Philemon would. (Philem. 17, 21) Paul knew that Philemon's qualities would make it easier for him to forgive Onesimus. What are some of these qualities?

13 Philemon loved his brothers. (Phlem. 5) The name File-mon means “lover,” and her name is fitting. Why do we say that? He was known for his deep love for others, and it was this quality that would help him to forgive Onesimus. When Paul wrote to the Colossians,

11. If we have offended someone, what can we do to make peace? (See also photos.)

12. What convinced Paul that Philemon and Onesimus would be forgiven?

13. To preserve peace in the congregation, what quality is especially important? And why? (Colossians 3:14)

Like Onesimus, be humble and do your best to promote peace (See verse 11)

Like Philemon, be hospitable to promote unity in the congregation (See verse 15)

that is, in the congregation of Philemon, he spoke of love as “a perfect bond of union.” (Read Colossians 3:14.) Paul's words show that love is essential to the peace and unity of the congregation. If we have strong love for others, we will be more inclined to forgive them and to treat them kindly. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Let us see how love moved Philemon to forgive others.

14 Philemon was very hospitable, and that gave him the opportunity to show love to others. For example, he offered his home for the congregation to meet. (Philem. 2) Paul also asked Philemon to prepare a place for him to stay, indicating that he was aware of Philemon's hospitality. (Philem. 22) Philemon's hospitality no doubt brought joy and satisfaction to the brothers.—Philem. 7.

15 Why is showing hospitality like that of Philemon an opportunity to show love for others? When we show hospitality to our brothers, we get to know them better. For example, when we extend hospitality to brothers and sisters with whom we have little contact or who do not share our interests, we see the beautiful qualities that make each one unique, and this contributes to the unity of the congregation. When we learn more about these people, such as where they were raised, how they came into the truth, and what circumstances they went through, our love and appreciation for them deepen. This helps us to understand why Jehovah drew them into his universal family. (John 6:44) When we extend hospitality to our brothers, we strengthen our love for them, our view of them, and our forgiveness when they offend us.

16 As we speak, have you ever found it difficult to forgive someone? Even if we love our brothers, we may at times find it hard to forgive them. If so, what can help us? Consider what Paul wrote to the congregation in Colossae, where Philemon lived. (Read Colossians 3:13.) How can you imagine Philemon feeling as he heard this account read to the congregation in his own home? Who might come to mind? Could he still be angry with Onesimus? And

14. Why can we say that Philemon was hospitable?

15. Why does being hospitable give us an opportunity to show love for others? (See also photos.)

16. How might Philemon have applied Paul's counsel found at Colossians 3:13?

18 THE WATCHTOWER

so, then, he knew what Paul's counsel called for. He must continue to be patient with Onesimus, and forgive him. If we too find it difficult to forgive someone, how can Paul's counsel help us?

17 What did Paul mean when he said: “Continue putting up with one another”? He was encouraging us to be patient and kind with our brothers even if they offended us or did something that hurt us. In the same verse, Paul says that Jehovah sets the example in a touching way. Jehovah is reasonable, so he does not expect perfection from his worshippers. Although he is aware of their weaknesses, he focuses on their strengths. (Psalm 103:13, 14; 130:3) Hence, he continues to show us loyal love and mercy. (Jas. 3:22, 23) If we do our best to view our brothers as Jehovah does, we will find it easier to forgive them when they sin against us, just as they will forgive us when we sin against them. For example: If a tree we planted is not yet ready to bear fruit, we remember how beautiful it is when it bears fruit

17. What does the expression “continue putting up with one another” require of us?

it will help us to continue working on it until it returns to normal. Similarly, remembering the good qualities of our brothers will help us to forgive them and to treat them with peace, even if they do not agree with us.

18 Jehovah appreciates all that you do to promote peace and unity in the congregation. So, each day, see what you can do to promote peace. Continue to speak kindly and positively to others. When you offend people, apologize. If you have offended someone, do all you can to make peace. Do things that will strengthen your love for your brothers, for that will make it easier for you to forgive them. Doing these things will contribute greatly to the peace of the congregation. And in the future, you will be among the meek who “will possess the earth” and “find their exquisite delight in the abundance of peace” forever!—Psalm 37:11.

18. What are you determined to do?

WHAT WE SEE IN THE PICTURE Cover: Philemon is reading Paul's letter to a group of people, including Onesimus and Tychicus.

WHAT CAN WE LEARN FROM THE ACTIONS OF THESE FAITHFUL MEN?

■ The apostle Paul

■ Onesimus

■ Philemon

PSALM 154 Love Never Fails

OCTOBER 26-NOVEMBER 1, 2026

It Is a Great Privilege to 'Render Jehovah Sacred Service Without Fear'

PSALM 62 The New Psalm

WHAT WE WILL LEARN It will help us to appreciate the gift of the ransom, the privilege of serving Jehovah, and the commission to preach.

“He has raised up a horn of salvation . . . that . . . he may grant us to render him sacred service without fear.”—LUKE 1:69,

THERE was a man in ancient Israel named Zechariah, and his wife’s name was Elizabeth. They lived for many years without having children. But when they were very old, Jehovah did a miracle for them. She gave birth to a son and named him John. When his own people heard what had happened, they asked: “What sort of man will this child be?” (Luke 1:57-66) Jehovah had Zechariah answer that question. Zechariah explained that the long-awaited Messiah would soon appear, but before that, John would help people to repent and follow the Messiah. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But Zechariah did more than foretell what his son John would do.* In this article, we will see that Zechariah's words apply to the future and that they apply to us today. Zechariah's words reveal three things for which we should be grateful: (1) the gift of salvation, (2) the privilege of serving Jehovah, and (3) the commission to preach.

THE GIFT OF SALVATION

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God promised his people a very precious gift. That is, he will save them. But through whom will he save them? Zechariah answered: “[Jehovah] will raise up for them a deliverer

* Watch the video Account of Jesus' Ministry Part 1, which contains a portion of Zechariah's prophecy, under Luke 1:67, on jw.org and JW Library®.

1. What did Zechariah say?

2. (a) What promise did God make to his people? (Luke 1:67-73) (b) Who is the “powerful savior” mentioned at Luke 1:69?

20

He has given us great strength in the house of his servant David.” (Luke 1:69; see footnote.) The Messiah is that “savior with great power.” The Jews in Zechariah's day were expecting the Messiah, who knew that he was a descendant of Abraham and that he would be a descendant of King David. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Why, then, did Jehovah inspire Zechariah to announce the coming of this “mighty savior”? Because the Messiah was coming very soon! Eight months after Zechariah made this announcement, a virgin named Mary gave birth to Jesus. The angel Gabriel had foretold that Jesus would be called “the Son of God” and that he would rule as King on “the throne of David his father.” (Luke 1:30-35) When Jesus was 30 years old, he got baptized. At his baptism, he was anointed with holy spirit and became the Messiah, “a savior with great power.” (Matt. 3:16, 17) What a remarkable prospect!

3 The Jews of Jesus' day needed to be saved. But who or what did they need to be rescued from? Zechariah answered: “Salvation from our enemies and from the hand of all those hating us.” (Luke 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus would deliver them from the oppressive Romans? Nope. Rather, the Jews would need to be delivered from Satan, the real source of their persecution. (Heb. 2:14, 15) Satan is the cause of sin and death in all humans, including the ancient Jews. The Jews needed to be saved for another reason. That is, they could not keep the Mosaic Law perfectly. And the Bible says that they are “cursed.”

3. Why did the Jews of Jesus' day need to be saved?

(Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13) Hence, they needed what Jehovah had promised through Zechariah. That is, “salvation . . . through the forgiveness of their sins.”—Luke 1:77.

4 From what do we need to be delivered today? Like the Jews in Jesus' day, we need to be delivered from sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) In addition, Satan and the demons have caused much suffering. They do all they can to get us to disobey Jehovah and stop serving him. They cause “those who hate us” to oppose us because we worship Jehovah. We must be saved from all these enemies.

5 How does Jesus, our Savior, deliver us from these enemies? When Jesus was on earth, he taught his followers how to worship Jehovah. Moreover, he gave his life as a ransom “in order that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.” (John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) We do our utmost to worship Jehovah in the way that Jesus taught us. Still, we are imperfect, so when we sin against Jehovah, we ask for his forgiveness. And Jehovah forgives us on the basis of Jesus' ransom sacrifice, and he accepts our worship. (1 John 2:1, 2) Jesus, our Savior, uses these means to save us so that we can have our sins forgiven and live forever.

6 How will Jesus completely deliver us from sin and death, from Satan and his demons, and from “those hating us”? Since 1914

4. Why do we need to be saved today?

5. How does Jesus save us from sin?

6. What will Jesus, the King on “David's throne,” do? (See also picture.)

AUGUST 2026 21

Through Jesus Christ, Jehovah has given us the gift of salvation (See paragraph 6)

Jesus sat on “the throne of David his father” as King in heaven. (Luke 1:32, 33) Soon, Jesus, the 144,000, and the faithful angels will destroy all humans who oppose God at Armageddon. Then, during the Thousand Year Reign, Jesus will resurrect the dead and, along with the 144,000, will help humans to become perfect. (John 5:28; Rev. 22:1, 2) By the end of the thousand years, they will have removed sin and death. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) Thereafter, Jesus and the 144,000 will destroy Satan, his demons, and all humans who follow them at the end of the thousand years. (Rev. 20:7-10) Eventually, all humans who have remained faithful to Jehovah will serve him without sin, death, or opposition! Therefore, we will thank God through Christ Jesus forever.—2 Cor. 9:15.

THE PRIVILEGE OF SERVING JEHOVAH

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Jehovah's gift of the ransom makes it possible for us to have a wonderful privilege. Zechariah said, “he has granted us the privilege of rendering him sacred service without fear.” How do we render “sacred service” to Jehovah? Each time we preach, pray, study the Bible, and attend a congregation meeting, an assembly, or a convention, we are rendering sacred service to Jehovah. Also, when we serve at Bethel, build Kingdom Halls and Assembly Halls, and help to maintain these facilities, we are rendering sacred service to Jehovah.

8 What does it mean to serve Jehovah “without fear”? First, it shows that we are not afraid of death. Since we know that

7. What privilege has Jehovah given his people? (Luke 1:74, 75) 8. What are we not afraid of?

22 THE WATCHTOWER

we will live forever, so we do not spend all our time and energy doing what we want. Instead, we put Jehovah's service ahead of all else. Also, if our enemies threaten to kill us, we will not allow that to intimidate us into stopping serving Jehovah. Instead, we remain faithful to Jehovah because we know that if we die, Jesus will bring us back to life. (John 6:39, 40) Second, it shows that we do not fear that Jehovah will reject us because we are imperfect. We can be sure that Jehovah loves us and cares for us and that on the basis of Jesus' ransom sacrifice, he will forgive our sins.—1 John 3:8. 4:9, 10.

9 Some of our brothers and sisters, though, find it hard to believe that their service to Jehovah is pleasing to him. Perhaps because of a bad past, they feel unworthy of Jehovah's approval. Or they may have committed serious sins in the past and begged Jehovah for forgiveness and sought the help of the elders, but their conscience still bothers them. If so, what can you do?

10 Consider an example. When a person breaks his leg and goes to the doctor, the doctor treats the leg and tells him to do something to help him walk properly again. But if the person feels that he cannot walk anymore, what should he do? He should trust the doctor and keep doing what he tells him to do. If he does, in time he will become stronger and will be able to walk and even run.

11 Similarly, if you are discouraged because of past sins and feel that you have lost Jehovah's favor, you need to trust in Jehovah to help you. Be assured that in Jehovah's undeserved kindness and mercy, he will use the ransom to restore you to life. (John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Therefore, apply his counsel to regain your strength. These include prayer, study, and attending meetings. (Ps. 1:2; 1 Thess. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Just as it may take time for a broken leg to heal, it may take time for you to be convinced that Jehovah loves you. But you can trust that you will recover. So, don't be discouraged. Continue to strengthen your relationship with Jehovah. (Phil. 3:16) And each day, thank Jehovah for giving you the strength you need to keep on serving him. How grateful we all are to Jehovah and Jesus for giving us the privilege of rendering sacred service without fear!

THE WORK THAT IS ENDORSED ON US

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. Zechariah told his youngest son: “You will go before Jehovah to prepare his name.” How did this happen? As his young son, John the Baptizer, grew up, he became a zealous preacher. He urged the Jews to repent of their sins, get baptized, and await the coming of the Messiah. After baptizing Jesus, he made it known that Jesus had come from God. He said: “See, the Lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world!” John then urged his disciples to follow Jesus, the Messiah.—John 13:35. 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

9. What do some find hard to believe? And why?

10-11. If we are discouraged because of a past sin and thus feel that Jehovah is not pleased with us, what can we do? Explain with an example.

12. How did John the Baptizer sanctify Jehovah's name? (Luke 1:76-79)

AUGUST 2026 23

If we hold fast to Jehovah's gift and do not abuse the privilege he has given us, we will courageously carry out the work he has given us to do.—See paragraph 16.

13 John did all he could to make sure that Jesus was the Messiah, and he did so well. Why? Zechariah likened the coming of the Messiah to “the morning.” This means that Jesus' coming will change people's lives completely. This is good news, and it needs to be shared with all. But John alone could not preach this message to everyone. Who, then, will preach this good news?

14 Jesus preached this good news extensively. He is the one about whom Zechariah prophesied that “a light may shine upon those sitting in darkness and in the shadow of death.” Jesus was eager to help those who were treated unfairly. As foretold, Jesus let “light shine” for them by proclaiming “the year of goodwill on the part of Jehovah.” (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) He boldly declared: “The kingdom of the heavens has drawn near.” After all, Jesus knew that more people would be needed to preach the good news. So he trained his disciples to do the same.—Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 As followers of Christ today, we take for granted the privilege of helping people to see that they can be saved. In fact, Jesus' ransom sacrifice and the preaching of the good news of God's Kingdom are more important than ever. Why do we say that? Because of what is soon to come. Soon, “great tribulation such as has not occurred since the world’s beginning until now” will occur. (Matt. 24:21) At that time, many may respond to the lifesaving message we preach and begin to worship Jehovah because they will

13. What did Zechariah mean when he said that the Messiah's coming would be like “the morning”?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is it more important to preach the good news today than ever before?

24 THE WATCHTOWER

remember the message we preached. Thereafter, Jesus, along with the 144,000 and the angels, will wage war against all who oppose God and will preserve Jehovah's worshipers alive into the new world. (Matt. 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) How vital, then, that we preach the good news now!—Matt. 24:14; Mar. 13:10.

1⁶ Zechariah's words recorded at Luke 1:68-79 remind us of three things that we should not take for granted. These are Jehovah's wonderful gift of salvation, the privilege of serving him without fear, and the commission to preach the good news. Do you exercise faith in Christ's ransom sacrifice and promise to serve Jehovah forever in order to show that you appreciate his gift? Do you cherish your privilege of serving Jehovah? If so, courageously fulfill your commission to proclaim “the year of goodwill on the part of Jehovah.” Preach the good news that God's Kingdom will destroy all wicked people and that the earth will soon become a paradise. All who love Jehovah are invited to join us in rendering him “sacred service without fear in faithfulness and righteousness before him all our days.”—Luke 1:74,

16. What are you determined to do? (See also photos.)

WHAT WE SEE IN THE PICTURE Page 24: In the first picture, two sisters are preaching from door to door. In the second, a brother and a workmate are relaxing and witnessing to him. In the third, a sister explains why Jehovah created all things at school, and her teacher and classmates listen carefully.

ACCORDING TO LUKE 1:68-79, . . .

■ what wonderful gift has Jehovah given us?

■ what opportunity does Jesus' ransom sacrifice make possible for us?

■ what assignment have we been given?

PSALM 159 Give Glory to Jehovah

BIOGRAPHY

My Grand Creator Has Paid Attention to Me

THE DEAD IS STÉPHANE LANDEROIN

WHEN I went to school, I didn't like it, and I didn't do well. I like to be isolated and not draw attention to myself. And it never occurred to me that there was a God who would pay attention to me. Why?

I grew up in Paris, France, where my parents and many of my peers were atheists, and so I was an atheist. I did not believe in creation, but I thought that all things came about by chance. We were taught this in school, and like many people I came to think it was true. I felt it was wise and so I didn't question it.

My parents were not religious. They say that if God existed, there would be no more wickedness and suffering. And when I saw the bad things that people who claimed to believe in God did, I thought it was unreasonable to believe in a loving God. I even ridiculed those who believed in God.

But now I believe that God created us and cares about me despite my imperfections. Why have I changed my mind and am so happy now? Let me tell you.

When I was 19, I had to be trained as a soldier. I was sent to French Guiana, South America, where I spent a year. It is very far from our country. French Guiana is beautiful. Little did I know when I was assigned there that it would change my life forever.

When I was 20, I moved back to Paris. When I left, I did the same thing every week: I worked hard from Monday to Saturday, and then on the weekend I went out with my friends and had a good time. But honestly, I wasn’t happy. I felt like I was just existing, not doing anything of good value. I saw dishonesty, racism, and some-

I grew up in France, and neither my parents nor I believed in God

26 THE WATCHTOWER

people are living in extreme poverty while others are very rich. In addition, good people are suffering, and the earth is being ruined. And I was worried about these things. I wanted all these bad things to change, but I didn't know what to do about it. I felt compelled to return to South America.

CAN I BE HAPPY IN A BEAUTIFUL FOREST?

I returned to French Guiana, where I had been trained, and settled in an isolated village in the middle of a dense forest. I thought that if I lived in the woods, smoked marijuana, and got away from the bad things I had seen in Paris, I would be happy. But after a while, I went back to my farm. I worked from Monday to Saturday, and then on the weekends, I went to work hard.

About that time, someone gave me a Bible. I started reading it thinking it would help me become a better person. But I didn't understand what I was reading.

I made some friends who were also curious about why humans exist. They settled in a place in the woods they called “Unity.” They invited me to stay with them.

I lived with them in the woods, and I enjoyed life there because it was simple and we had few problems. We did whatever we wanted, and there was no one there to tell us what to do. We wake up when the sun rises and go to bed when it sets. We grew our own food, played music, and smoked marijuana. We don’t destroy the forest we live in, and we help each other. We don’t collect fish because we don’t want to kill wildlife. We do not respect the laws of the land, and sometimes we break them when we think that it is good for us and not to harm anyone.

If we had, everyone in the world would live the way we do. When we were in the forest, we did not let anyone lead us, and we treated everyone well, regardless of their background. But in time, I came to realize that each of us is selfish, makes mistakes, and faces the same challenges as people elsewhere. Some of my bush friends stayed for a few days; some of them stayed for weeks or months. I lived there for more than two years.

While in the forest, I realized that everything we need to live is on the ground. One day, I decided to count the bones in a sock. As I read, I realized that it was too much, so I stopped reading. I asked myself,

A. This is one of the houses my friends and I built in the woods

B. Here I am; when I was in the woods

WOULD

B

'Why are our basic needs so limited?' So I thought to myself, 'The earth is like a well-maintained house with everything you need to live in it.' I realized that the things on the earth do not come into existence without a purchase. But who made all the things on earth? There is a Creator of all things. But I know nothing about this person.

I continued to read the Bible. But now, I read to see what God wants me to do. I began to pray, making the sign of the cross that the Catholics do, but I did not know why. I also wondered, 'Could it be that the Creator of all things is called Yah, since that is the name I heard in some of the songs we sang while in the woods?'

I GOT TO KNOW MY VERY KIND FATHER

Now, when I think about when I started praying, I feel that my Creator saw that I wanted to get to know him better. On one occasion, one of my campmates met some Witnesses and gave him a copy of the book You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth.* When I read this book, I was amazed at what I learned! I liked how it was explained, we could live with it

* Published by Jehovah's Witnesses, no longer in print.

forever on a paradise earth. My wish is to live in a place where everything is going well, where I and my loved ones are at peace and where we do not die. I wanted to be a friend of a very generous Creator who wants us to have the best life possible.

I realized that I needed to change my behavior, but I also realized that I needed help. So I asked another friend to introduce me to a Witness missionary named Michel, who was studying with her.

The same day I met Michel, he invited me to attend a convention in Matoury. The city is located near Cayenne, the capital of French Guiana. If I drove to Matoury, it would take me three hours to get there. My hair was long, and I was wearing a messy hat. I was wearing a pair of purple and pink pants, and the shirt I was wearing was much too big for me. But the brothers did not focus on how I dressed, but they helped me to attend. They gave me a place to sleep and food. The love and kindness of the brothers convinced me that I had found the truth.

In a talk given at the convention, 1 Timothy 5:8 was explained. This scripture shows

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDONIA

I learned the truth in French Guiana, was baptized in France, and now serve with my wife in New Caledonia

The day we got married

Year 2006; I was giving a talk at a Chinese group

that a good family head takes good care of his family. I learned that Jehovah views himself as our Father and that he will take good care of his family. So I decided that if I put Jehovah's service first in my life, I would not have to worry about my material needs because Jehovah would take care of me. And I found this to be true, for I saw how Jehovah took good care of Michel. Michel put Jehovah's service first in his life, and he was content and happy.

I learned a lot from the Bible, and I realized that I needed to make some changes in my life. I realized that I had to quit smoking and smoking marijuana. And so, I quickly lit the rest of the cigarettes and marijuana, and never smoked again. I started attending some congregation meetings. At one convention, I asked a brother who had picked up my long hair for me, and he quickly picked it up at the Kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, I left my forest companions in French Guiana and returned to France. I found a Kingdom Hall, and I continued my Bible study. My parents noticed that I had changed completely. I stopped smoking, drinking, and going to parties where these bad things were done. My parents were happy that I was doing well, but they were not happy with my current beliefs. Also, they did not like the way I preached to them. Later, I realized that when I talked to them about Jehovah, I had to speak to them with mildness and deep respect.

I was baptized in 1996. I prayed to Jehovah that I too could become a missionary like Michel. I saw this as the best way to thank Jehovah.

MY FATHER, JEHOVAH, HAS GIVEN ME MANY THINGS

There was a beautiful sister named Claudine in the mass-four. I saw that she was zealous in the ministry and that her comments at congregation meetings showed that she loved Jehovah very much. I wanted to get to know him better, but first I wanted to know if he would be interested in serving as a missionary. I knew he would love it! We got married in April 2000.

The following year, we all became regular pioneers. In time, we decided to learn Mandarin so that we could help a Chinese group run by a nearby congregation. I found this language very difficult to learn. I had to think like the Chinese people and find ways to reach them with Bible truths. To be honest, I did not learn Mandarin very well. But I did my best, and we will never forget the joy we had preaching together with our Chi-nabi brothers. Jehovah gave us many things during those years, and he trained us well for the work he would give us in the years to come.

I SAW SOME PROBLEMS

Over the years, I’ve had some things come easy. For example, I felt it was not a good thing

AUGUST 2026 29

We now serve in New Caledonia as a circuit overseer and his wife

most of all, I am doing it for Jehovah and for the brothers. I wanted my talks to be good and flawless, so I spent a lot of time preparing. Still, I often feel sad-when I don't like what I'm able to do. (Eccl. 7:16) I needed to see that Jehovah is a loving Father who values ​​our potential and does not compare us with others or expect perfection from us.

While in Paris, I was assigned to serve as an assistant circuit overseer. I felt immature and did not know how to do the circuit work well. But I have come to realize that Jehovah's holy spirit can empower us to do more than we can do on our own.

I didn’t get anything else easily. Since childhood, I have suffered from chronic sweating, especially in my hands. When I am anxious about something, I tend to overheat, such as when I give a talk in front of a large audience at an assembly or a convention. But when I pray to Jehovah to help me calm down, it helps. Although the disease has not gone away, when I rely on Jehovah, I feel calm and do not have to worry too much.

In 2011, Jehovah fulfilled something that had been on our hearts. We began serving as missionaries in New Caledonia. It is a series of islands in the Pacif-ic ocean. A plane ride from Paris would take 20 hours to get there. When we were there, we had to learn a lot of new things. We had to learn to eat new foods like duade, cocoa, and rice. And early in the morning, the sound of birds and the screams of dogs kept us awake, but as time went on, we were able to sleep. Another thing we had to learn was that people on these islands do not always respond with words, but with raised eyebrows.

Jehovah also helps us to adapt to the assignments he gives us. After serving as missionaries for some years, we were invited to Bethel. Then we were invited to attend the School for Kingdom Evangelizers, and we now serve as circuit overseers and his wife. In each assignment Jehovah gives us, we experience his help by means of his holy spirit. Jehovah has shown me that even if I do not have things easily, he will help me to do some of his work. So I always prayed earnestly for his help. Even now, I find it difficult to speak in front of many people, but Jehovah helps me to encourage the brothers and sisters in the congregation and to help them serve him acceptably.

Through all the challenges we faced, Claudine was a great help. He has a heart for me. He is willing to do whatever Jehovah asks of us, and he preaches with zeal. We did not have to live in the islands or travel from one congregation to another and have to adjust to the circumstances of the congregations.

When I attended my first convention, I learned that Jehovah, the Grand Creator, always cares for his worshippers. Because I put Jehovah's service first in my life, he has given me many good things. With Jehovah's help, I have seen the need to respect secular authorities and those whom he uses to lead his people. It also helped me to be humble. I stopped associating with people who did not want to live by Jehovah's standards so that I could serve him more fully, but Jehovah has given me many wonderful friends. He gave me a wonderful wife. And I have the wonderful hope of living forever and receiving many good things from Jehovah.—Mark 12:41-44. 10:29, 30.

30 THE WATCHTOWER

DID YOU KNOW?

What happened at the city gates mentioned in the Bible?

THE gates of a city are not just a place where people enter a city. Because many people pass through these gates, many things are done there. City gates are mentioned many times in the Bible, and they give us insight into what happened there.

People gathered at the city gates. The Hebrew word translated “gate” refers not only to the entrance to a city. It was also used for the place where people stood, near the city gate. In some cities, there were large assembly halls near the city gates where people could meet.—Neh. 8:1.

Merchants set up their shops near the city gates. Some of the gates in Jerusalem were called the Fish Gate and the Sheep Gate. They may have been named after the merchandise sold near these gates.—Zeph. 1:10; John. 5:2.

People traded and did other things near the city gates. Abraham made a covenant at a city gate in public. Boaz did the same. (Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) If people were traveling at night and no one gave them a place to stay, they would spend the night in the public square near the city gate. (Judg. 19:15-21) Others went to the city gates to listen to the news. —2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

Judges hear cases near the city gates. They share information in front of people so that people can see the content and how it was collected. (Deut. 21:18-20) Because the cases were heard in public, the judges had to make sure that the cases were handled fairly. When the judges hear a case, they make sure that it is resolved quickly. (Deut. 25:2) Judges who judged cases at the city gates were expected to act with integrity and justice so that the people would do the same.—Deut. 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

Various activities were held at the city gates

Faithful men of old went to the city gates to encourage the Israelites assembled there to trust in Jehovah. When people had information to share, they went to the city gates because they knew that people would gather there. (1 Ki. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu went to a city gate to announce to all the people that Jehovah's word against the house of Ahab had come true. (2 Ki. 10:8-10) King Hezekiah also gathered the chiefs of the army at the city gate and encouraged them to look to Jehovah for help.—2 Chron. 32:6-8.

The Bible says that “true wisdom” is crying out, or raising her voice, “in the gates of the city.” (Proverbs 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, faithful men gave good advice and judged well at the city gates. Today, Jehovah's wise sayings are recorded in the Bible, and his servants around the world are helping people to study the Bible and gain true wisdom.

AUGUST 2026 | 31

THE WATCHTOWER

HE PROMISES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

August 2026 | Vol. 147, no. 8 GA

INFORMATION IN THIS MAGAZINE

Study for October 5-11 | 2

Trust in Jehovah and Jesus, not Satan

Study for October 12-18 | 8

You Can Conquer Satan and the Demons!

Study for October 19-25 | 14

Wishing You Love

Study for October 26–November 1 | 20

It Is a Great Privilege to 'Render Jehovah Sacred Service Without Fear'

BIOGRAPHY | 26

My Grand Creator Has Paid Attention to Me

DID YOU KNOW? | 31

What happened at the city gates mentioned in the Bible?

A BIBLE STORY YOU WILL ENJOY

An Early Blooming Tree

Some 30 trees are mentioned in the Bible. The almond tree is one of these trees. It is one of the earliest flowering trees in Israel towards the end of the season. In late January, it blooms beautifully. Its flower color is either pink or white. The Israelites call the almond tree in their language, “the one who ripens early.” Is there anything that the creator of this tree does that is similar to the early flowering of this tree?

In the context of Jeremiah 7:25, we read that Jehovah gets up early in the morning to send forth his messengers. The March 15, 2011, issue of The Watchtower stated: “Just as an almond tree ‘rises up’ early in the morning, so Jehovah ‘gets up early in the morning’ to warn his people of the consequences of disobedience. in.”—Jer. 1:11, 12.

The almond tree's production of white flowers is also likened to the sweetness of old age in the Bible. (Judg. 12:5) Because of the beauty of almond blossoms, when Bezalel made the lampstand for the tabernacle, he made the lampstand of almond blossoms.—Ex. 37:17-20.

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit jw.org, or scan this code

JW.ORG ®

w26.08-GA