JANUARY 2026

EARTH-TOWER

HE PROMISES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

THE 2026 CLASS IS:

“Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need.”—MATT. 5:3.

INFORMATION FROM: MARCH 2–APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

SONG 97

God's Word That Gives Life

WHAT WE WILL LEARN

We will see what we must do to continue to eat the food that Jehovah provides for us, to wear the clothes that he makes for us, and to stay in his tent.

Show by Your Actions That You 'Know That You Need God'

THE 2026 CLASS IS:

“Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need.”—MATT. 5:3.

JEHOVAH knows that all humans need food to eat, clothing to wear, and a safe place to live. Without even one of these things, we would be in dire straits, and if left unchecked, we would lose our lives. But Jehovah knows that we need something else​—Jehovah himself. (Read Matthew 5:3.) To find happiness in life, we must recognize our need for Jehovah and look to him for guidance.

2 The Greek word translated “those conscious of their spiritual need” can also be rendered “those who are spiritually-minded.” Imagine that you are walking along the road and see a man who is hungry or whose clothes are torn and dirty and who is sitting on a bench eating. His strength was gone because he was so hungry, and because of his appearance, no one wanted to come near him. Whether it was sunny or rainy, he sat on it, because he had nowhere to go. A person in such a situation knows that without help, his world is over. The same is true for someone who is coming to the spirit or someone who knows they need God. That person knows that without God's help, his world is doomed. Therefore, he does all he can to benefit from the provisions that God makes for those who love him.

1. What does Jehovah know we need? (Matthew 5:3)

2. What does it mean to be “conscious of [God’s] need”? Explain with an example.

2

The Phoenician woman was humble, she did not give up, and she showed faith in Jesus (See verse 5)

3 In this article, we will consider the example of a Phoenician woman who begged Jesus for help and see what three qualities she displayed that all who want to be guided by Jehovah need to imitate. Then we will learn about Peter, Paul, and King David. All three men showed that they needed God, and we will see what we can learn from them.

THREE IMPORTANT QUALITIES TO HAVE

⁴ On one occasion, a Phoenician woman whose “daughter was severely demonized” approached Jesus. (Matt. 15:21-28) He knelt before Jesus and begged him to help him. What outstanding qualities did this woman display? And how can we imitate him?

⁵ First, the Phoenician woman showed great humility. Why do we say that? When she begged Jesus for help, Jesus said: “It is not right to take the bread of the children and throw it to the little dogs.” If Jesus had said that to anyone, he would have been angry and got up and left. But this woman did not, for she was humble. Moreover, the Phoenician woman did not give up; he kept begging Jesus to help him. What motivated him to do so? He did so because he had strong faith that Jesus could help him. Indeed, when Jesus saw the woman's strong faith, he was deeply moved and decided to help her. So although Jesus was “sent to no one but to the lost sheep of the house of Israel,” he felt pity for this non-Israelite woman and expelled the demon from her daughter.

⁶ If we truly need God and want his guidance, then we must imitate the Phoenician woman. Just as this woman humbled herself and kept asking Jesus to help her, we should humble ourselves and keep asking God to help us. The more the woman showed that her faith was stronger

3. Who will we consider in this study?

4. Why did a Phoenician woman come to Jesus?

5. What outstanding qualities did the Phoenician woman display? And what did this move Jesus to do for him? (See also picture.)

6. What do we learn from the example of the Phoenician woman?

JANUARY 2026 3

we too must exercise faith in Christ Jesus and trust those whom he has appointed to lead his people. (Matt. 24:45-47) If we humbly keep asking Jehovah and Jesus for their help, and if we make it clear that we trust in them, they will do much to help us. (Compare James 1:5-7.) Let us now see how Jehovah feeds, clothes, and protects us and what we must do to benefit from these provisions at all times. The fine examples of Peter, Paul, and King David can help us.

STUDY GOD'S WORD CAREFULLY, LIKE PETER

7 Peter was among the first Jews to recognize Jesus as the Messiah, and he believed that Jehovah was using Jesus to feed His people and to teach them what they needed to do to gain everlasting life. (John 6:66-68) Before ascending to heaven, Jesus gave Peter an assignment. He said to him: “Feed my little sheep.” (John 21:17) Peter did this work well, and Jehovah even inspired him to write two letters that are now part of the Bible. But Peter himself was afraid of God's Word. For example, before Peter wrote his letters, Jehovah had inspired the apostle Paul to write letters, which Peter studied. Peter said that some of Paul's letters were “hard to understand.” (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) But he did not let that discourage him; Instead, he continued to study, relying on Jehovah to help him understand and apply what he was learning.—Read Hebrews 5:14–6:1.

7. What assignment did Jesus give Peter? But what did Peter need to do? (Hebrews 5:14–6:1)

8 Peter obeyed Jehovah's direction, and this shows that he had strong faith in Jehovah. For example, Peter was in the coastal city of Joppa when Jehovah gave him a vision. In the vision, he saw animals that were considered unclean under the Mosaic Law. Then an angel told him to kill the animals and eat them. Peter had been a child under the Mosaic Law, so he felt that it was a sin to do what the apostle told him to do. So she said to the angel: “By no means, Lord, for I have never eaten anything common or unclean.” But the angel said to him: “What God has cleansed, you must not call defiled.” (Acts 10:9-15) Peter saw what Jehovah wanted to teach him. Why do we say that? Shortly after he had the vision, three men approached him. They told him that their master, a Gentile named Cornelius, had sent for him. In the past, Peter would never have gone to the home of Cornelius, for the Jews considered Gentiles unclean. (Acts 10:28, 29) But because of what Jehovah had revealed to Peter in a vision, Peter went without delay. (Proverbs 4:18) He preached to Cornelius and his household and taught them about Jesus. They believed what they heard, were anointed with holy spirit by Jehovah, and were all baptized.—Acts 1:8. 10:44-48.

9 Just as Peter studied God's Word, we need to study it regularly. We often want to study the simple things of God's Word, and we do well to do so. But we have to learn the things that are a little harder to understand

8. How did Peter react when Jehovah used an angel to give him new direction?

9. In what two ways can we benefit from studying portions of God's Word that are relatively difficult to understand?

4 THE WATCHTOWER

also. Why? The reason is that, although learning these things is time-consuming and effortless, when we learn them, we benefit from them, at least in two languages. First, they deepen our love and respect for Jehovah as we come to know him better. Second, when we learn something new about Jehovah that touches our heart, we are moved to speak about him with boldness. (Rom. 11:33; Rev. 4:11) Another lesson we learn from Peter's example is that when our understanding of a scripture is adjusted, we should be quick to grasp and apply the new understanding. Doing so will show that we are taking full advantage of the spiritual provisions that Jehovah makes for us, and that will help us to serve him more fully.

ALWAYS PUT ON THE NEW PERSON, AS PAUL DID

10 If we want to please Jehovah, we must also wear the clothes he has made for us. Paul explains what that garment is. He said: “Strip off the old personality and clothe yourselves with the new personality.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) Putting on the new personality, or imitating Jehovah's qualities, takes time. Paul's own life shows that. As a young man, Paul was determined to please God. (Gal. 1:14; Phil. 3:4, 5) However, he did not yet fully understand God's Word and who Jesus really was. As a result, Jehovah was not pleased with his worship. Moreover, Jehovah was not pleased with his conduct, for that was presumptuous. Even Paul himself said that he was “not worth anything.” —1 Tim. 1:13.

10. If we want Jehovah to be pleased with us, what must we do? Explain Colossians 3:8-10.

11 Before becoming a Christian, Paul was easily offended. The Bible even says that he became so angry with Jesus' disciples that he “wanted to kill them.” (Acts 9:1) But after Paul became a Christian, he evidently worked hard to rid himself of this bad habit and become a mild-tempered, patient person. (Eph. 4:22, 31) However, on one occasion when he and Barnabas disagreed with him, he became very angry with Barnabas. (Acts 15:37-39) It was as if Paul were back in the field. But he didn’t make his downfall his bedroom. He continued to work hard to put away all the qualities that Jehovah loved so that he would not lose his relationship with Jehovah.—1 Cor. 9:27.

12 Paul was able to overcome his bad habits and put on the new personality. What helped him to do so? What helped him was that he did not trust himself. (Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul relied on Jehovah, and Jehovah helped him. (1 Pet. 4:11) This means that Paul did not make mistakes in his life. Some of his bad habits revealed themselves from time to time, and he felt the need to hide. But each time he felt that way, he reflected on the many good things Jehovah had done for him, and that strengthened him to continue fighting against his bad habits.—Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Regardless of how many years we have been serving Jehovah, we need to keep stripping off the old personality, which displeases him, and putting on the new personality, which he has taught us. If we do so, we will be imitating Paul and putting on the armor that Jehovah has provided for us.

11. What attitude did Paul have to work hard to overcome? And what shows that it was not easy?

12. What helped Paul to overcome bad habits?

13. How can we imitate Paul?

JANUARY 2026 5

We must continue to learn about Jehovah, to put on the new personality, and to remain in Jehovah's secret place

(See paragraph 18)

At times, we may do or say things that Jehovah does not approve of, such as becoming bitter or speaking harshly to someone, and this may discourage us. But instead of settling for a place to sit, we must continue to strive to change. (Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) We must always keep in mind this vital fact: We cannot tear off a garment that Jehovah has made for us, just as we might tear off a garment when we find it tight. This means that we cannot change Jehovah's standards of conduct. We must strive to change our ways so that we can live in harmony with his teachings.

STAY IN JEHOVAH'S SECRET, LIKE DAVID

14 To be happy, we must also stay in Jehovah's figurative place of dwelling. What is this figurative place? And how can we live there permanently?

14-15. How does Jehovah protect his people? (Psalm 27:5) (See also opening image.)

15 King David said that Jehovah makes his people his dwelling place. (Read Psalm 27:5.) This means that Jehovah protects his people so that nothing can separate them from him. How does he do that? For one thing, he keeps his promise to help us endure when people try to pressure us to stop worshiping him. (Ps. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Satan, his demons, and those who persecute us are powerful, but Jehovah is far more powerful than they are. Even if they take our life, Jehovah will bring us back to life. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Rev. 21:3, 4) Moreover, when we are beset by trials, Jehovah helps us to endure and to continue serving him. (Prov. 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) In addition, Jehovah has given us brothers and sisters who can help and comfort us when we are in distress. He has also provided Christian elders, who strengthen us to keep our faith strong. (Isa. 32:1, 2) And when we attend our various meetings, we see other ways in which Jehovah helps and protects us.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

16 Each time David obeyed Jehovah, Jehovah

16. How did Jehovah protect David?

6 THE WATCHTOWER

howa protects himself. In what way? It helps him to make good decisions, which protects him and makes him happy. (Compare Proverbs 5:1, 2.) But each time David disobeyed Jehovah, he made bad decisions, and Jehovah did not shield him from the consequences. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) At other times, David faced challenges that were not based on disobeying Jehovah or doing what he wanted to do. When that happened, he prayed fervently to Jehovah, and Jehovah protected him. He assures David that he loves him and will never abandon him, and this helps him to cope with anxiety.—Psalm 23:1-6.

17 When we make decisions and look to Jehovah for guidance, we imitate David. We must also remember that if we disobey Jehovah, he will not shield us from the bad consequences of that disobedience. (Gal. 6:7, 8) As in David's case, we may face challenges that do not depend on whether we disobey Jehovah or do what he asks of us. If that happens, we should pray fervently to Jehovah. If we do so, Jehovah will comfort us and assure us that he has not abandoned us.—Phil. 4:6, 7.

17. How can we imitate David?

KEEP ON KNOWING YOU NEED GOD

18 Today, many feel that they do not need God and his guidance or that they worship him according to their own desires or that they rely on men, and as a result, they are unhappy. We must be careful not to imitate them. Instead, we should heed Jesus' words, which have been chosen as our yeartext for 2026: “Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need.” How can we do that? We need to feed on the spiritual food that Jehovah provides by studying his Word, putting on the new personality, the beautiful qualities he teaches us, and obeying him regularly so that we can remain in his presence.

18. How do many people today act? And how can we show that we recognize our need for God? (See also photos.)

WHAT YOU SEE IN THE PICTURES Cover: A sister wanted Jehovah's protection, so she attended a congregation meeting and learned about Jehovah with her brothers. Page 6: The sister is studying God's Word, putting on the new personality, and coming to worship at Jehovah's sanctuary. He is studying The Watchtower, doing good things, and allowing himself to be encouraged by the elders.

HOW DO WE DO . . .

■ eat the food that Jehovah has prepared for us?

■ put on the garment that Jehovah has provided for us?

■ dwell in Jehovah's tent?

PSALM 162 God Must Be Known

MARCH 9-15, 2026

LALA 45

The Ponderings of My Heart

WHAT WE WILL LEARN

We will consider some things we can do when we are anxious and discouraged.

Jehovah Can Help Us to Cope With Anxiety

“Miserable man that I am!”—ROM. 7:24.

HOW do you know the apostle Paul? Perhaps you know him as a missionary who courageously preached in various lands, as an outstanding teacher, or as someone who wrote many Bible books. Indeed, when the apostle Paul is mentioned, the same things come to mind for all of us. At times, though, Paul felt discouraged, depressed, and anxious.

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. Do you at times feel as Paul did? If so, you are not alone; many of us feel the same way. When Paul wrote the letter to the Romans, he was a good Christian, and he was striving to do Jehovah's will. But because of his imperfection, he did not find it easy to do so. Also, because of past actions, his conscience sometimes bothers him and he is very sad. As if that wasn't enough, he mentioned that he had a problem that he had been working on for a while but that he wasn't going, and that was very upsetting.

3 Although Paul at times felt sorry for himself, he worked hard not to become downhearted.* In this article, we will answer the following questions: What caused Paul to feel “miserable” at times? What did he do to avoid feeling that he was always sad? And if we too are discouraged, what can we do?

THE THINGS OF PAULO HAO

4 Bad things he has done in the past. Before Paul became a Christian-

* The people we are talking about in this article are people who at times feel sad, depressed, or depressed. But if a person is severely depressed, and the condition is almost ill, he or she should seek medical attention.

1-2. How did Paul sometimes feel? And how is his story similar to ours? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What questions will we answer in this study?

4. What was one of Paul's greatest concerns?

8

he had done many bad things, and every time he remembered them, he was very sad. For example, he stood by and watched the faithful man Stephen be stoned to death, and he rejoiced over the execution. (Acts 7:58; 8:1) He also viciously persecuted and persecuted Christians.—Acts 20:28. 8:3; 26:9-11.

5 After becoming a Christian, Paul sometimes thought about how much he had persecuted Christians, and this made him very sad. It may even be that the longer he stayed in the congregation, the worse his grief became. For example, about 55 CE, when writing his first letter to the Corinthians, he said: “I am the least of the apostles, and I am not fit to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God.” (1 Cor. 15:9) About five years later, when writing to the Ephesians, he said that he was “a man less than the least of all holy ones.” (Eph. 3:8) Then, when writing to his friend Timothy, he said that he had been “a blasphemer and a blasphemer.” (1 Tim. 1:13) How can you imagine Paul feeling when he visits a congregation where he meets those who have been persecuted or their relatives?

6 There is a thorn in his flesh. Paul had a thorn in his flesh that he could not get rid of. (2 Cor. 12:7) Paul did not specifically mention the problem, so we do not know whether it was an illness, a personal problem, or something else. But whatever the case, the way he spoke about it shows that he was deeply troubled.*

* Paul may have had poor eyesight, which made it difficult for him to write letters to the congregations or to travel in the ministry. (Gal. 4:15; 6:11) He also suffered negative speech, which caused him pain. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) We do not know whether one of these problems was the thorn that Paul was referring to. But no matter what it was, we knew he was devastated.

5. How did Paul feel about the bad things he had done before he was a Christian?

6. What else troubled Paul? (See also footnote.)

7 Some mistakes. When Paul became a Christian, he had a strong desire to do what was right, but he did not find it easy. (Read Romans 7:18, 19.) He said that at times he does not do what is right and does what he does not want to do. Did Paul let this discourage him? Nope. He continued to work hard to do Jehovah's will. (1 Cor. 9:27) At times, though, some of the bad traits he thought he had shown reappear, and he is deeply hurt.

WHAT PAUL DID THAT HELPED HIM WHEN HE WAS DISRESSED

8 Paul's words in his letters show that he took time to meditate on how God's spirit could help him and his fellow Christians to rid themselves of wrong desires and to do what was pleasing to God. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) For example, it lists certain practices that Christians must avoid in order to please God. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) Clearly, Paul took time to reflect on what changes he could make to please God. No doubt he studied the Scriptures to help him see what changes he needed to make and how to do so. We can be sure, then, that Paul applied his counsel to Christians.

9 Although Paul was distressed, he focused on the positive, and that made him happy. For example, the brothers told him about the good things that were happening in isolated congregations, and

7. Although Paul was eager to do what was right, what happened at times? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What steps did Paul take to please God?

9-10. Although Paul was distressed, what helped him to be joyful? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also picture.)

JANUARY 2026 9

this made him very happy. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) He also enjoyed close association with the brothers. (2 Tim. 1:4) Moreover, Paul found great joy in his close relationship with Jehovah and in his knowledge of Jehovah's approval. (2 Tim. 1:3) Even while imprisoned in Rome, he encouraged his brothers to “rejoice greatly in the Lord.” (Phil. 4:4) If Paul had been distracted by his problems and had lost his joy, he would not have been able to encourage his brothers to rejoice, would he? Clearly, then, Paul focused on the good things rather than on his problems, and that contributed to his joy.

10 Another reason why Paul found joy was his strong faith in Jehovah's love and in sending his Son to die for him. (Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) Paul had no doubt that on the basis of Jesus Christ's sacrifice, Jehovah would forgive his sins. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Thus, even though he had sinned in the past and was still struggling with sin, he was able to serve Jehovah with joy.—Heb. 9:12-14.

11 Like Paul, we may always want to please Jehovah, but it is not easy to do so. At times, wrong thoughts may enter our mind, or we may feel that we have said or done something that displeases Jehovah. When that happens, we feel sad and depressed. But Paul's example can help us. A sister named Eliza* says: “When I think about Paul's experience, I find it very encouraging. It reminds me that I am not alone in having traits that I am struggling to change. How can we maintain a clean conscience and serve Jehovah with joy as Paul did, despite our occasional discouragement?

THINGS WE CAN DO WHEN WE ARE IN DESTRUCTION

12 Take steps to strengthen your relationship with Jehovah. Regularly strengthening our relationship with Jehovah will help us to focus on positive things and will contribute to our happiness. We can compare this to what happens when we take steps to improve our health. When we eat nutritious food, exercise regularly, and get enough sleep, we feel better. Similarly, regularly reading God's Word, sharing in the ministry, studying in advance, and attending and participating in congregation meetings regularly will help us to focus on positive things rather than on negative things, thus contributing to our joy.—Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 Consider the experience of a brother named John. At the age of 39, she was diagnosed with cancer. When he was told the news, he was very worried and worried. She said she asked herself, ‘I’m young, so where did this disease come from?’ At the time, she had a three-year-old son. What helped John to cope with this difficult situation? He says: “Although I am always tired because of my illness, I am always determined to do the things we do to worship Jehovah with my family. We never miss a congregation meeting, and every week we go out in the ministry and have a family worship. It is not easy, but we persevere.” John later said: “Although when I heard this news, I was very worried and lost my mind

* Some names have been changed.

11. How can Paul's example help us?

12. When we are discouraged, what can we do to find joy?

13-14. What have some brothers and sisters done when faced with trials? And how did that help them?

10 THE WATCHTOWER

Although Paul was deeply troubled by the bad things he had done in the past, he meditated on Jesus' ransom sacrifice, which helped him to cope with grief

(See paragraphs 9-10)

Instead, Jehovah helped me to endure, and he showed me his love. So if you ever find yourself in a similar situation, be assured that Jehovah will help you, just as he helped me.”

14 Eliza, mentioned earlier, says: “Every time I attend a congregation meeting and engage in personal study, I feel that Jehovah loves me and listens to me, and this makes me happy.” Nolan, a circuit overseer in one African country, and his wife, Diane, say: “Even when things go wrong, we continue to study the Bible, pray, attend congregation meetings, and go out in the ministry. Jehovah really helps us, and we are happy.”

15 If we study the Bible, pray, go out in the ministry, and attend Christian meetings regularly, what can we do? Here is an example to help us see what we can do. Imagine that your back hurts a lot, and you are so tired that it doesn't go away. What will you do? You may want to take it to the doctor to see what exactly is causing your pain and what can be done about it. Similarly, we need to do research in the Bible and in Christian publications to determine the real cause of our unhappiness and what we can do about it. We can also talk to a mature brother in the congregation who can give us good advice on our problem. Here are some other things that can help us.

16 Pray to Jehovah to help you identify the real cause of your unhappiness. King David knew that Jehovah knew him well. So on one occasion when he was very worried, he prayed to Jehovah to help him see what was really “bothering” him.

15. If we are doing things to strengthen our relationship with Jehovah but we are still not happy, what can we do? Explain with an example.

16. What can help us to identify the real cause of our unhappiness? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

JANUARY 2026 11

Learn tools to help you focus on potential stumbling blocks (See paragraph 17)

(Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) We too can pray for Jehovah's help to see what is troubling us and what we can do about it. We might also ask ourselves such questions as: 'What is really bothering me? Is there anything in particular that calls for it? And when it does, do I try to put it out of my mind and focus on positive things that will make me happy?'

17 Study what has been published in the congregation's publications that can help you when you are anxious. From time to time, we can focus on one of Jehovah's qualities and learn about it. This can help us to be happy when we are anxious. For example, Paul took time to meditate on the ransom and on Jehovah's forgiveness, and this helped him greatly. We can do something similar. We can use the Research Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses, Scriptures That Help Us to Live as Christians, or other research tools provided by the congregation to do research on Jehovah's loyal love, mercy, and forgiveness. Then we can write down which of these articles we find helpful and stick them somewhere we can see them. Whenever we feel stressed or unhappy, we can take one of these articles and study and meditate and see how we can apply it. —Phip. 4:8.

18 Eliza, mentioned earlier, looked up information about Job in our publications and studied it. He says: “Just as one of Job's problems followed another, so it happened to me. But when I studied Job's story, I realized that even when things were very difficult for him and he did not know where his problems came from, he continued to trust in Jehovah.” (Job 42:1-6) Diane, mentioned earlier, also says: “What my husband and I have done is,

17. Studying what information will help us to focus on things that can build us up? (See also picture.)

18. What have some learned that has helped them?

12 THE WATCHTOWER

We gradually studied the Draw Close to Jehovah book, and this helped us to see Jehovah's qualities more clearly. So, although we are disappointed when we make mistakes, we do not let them overwhelm us. Instead, we see how we can imitate Jehovah the next time we face a similar situation. How grateful we are that Jehovah is teaching us to be like him! This has strengthened our friendship with him.”—Isa. 64:8.

JEHOVAH WILL HELP THEM

19 Even after we have applied all the counsel we have considered in this article, we may at times feel anxious or discouraged. Happily, though, now that we are convinced that Jehovah is pleased with our service to him and that we have a good relationship with him, we will not feel sorry for ourselves. And if that happens, Jehovah will help us to focus on our anxieties so that we can maintain our joy.

20 Let us be determined not to allow past mistakes, problems, or mistakes to discourage us. But even if we are discouraged, Jehovah will help us to focus on the things that will make us happy. (Psalm 143:10) In the new world, all our thoughts will be pleasant. At that time, we will have nothing to worry about, and we will be able to serve Jehovah, our God, with joy forever. We are so looking forward to this season!

19. Even if we apply all the suggestions in this study, how might we at times feel? But why should we not lose our joy?

20. What are you determined to do?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What caused the apostle Paul to feel discouraged at times?

■ What helped Paul to serve Jehovah with joy despite his feelings at times?

■ When we are anxious or depressed, what can we do to maintain our joy?

PSALM 34

Walk In Faithfulness

MARCH 16-22, 2026

SONG 20

Give it to Your Beloved Son

WHAT WE WILL LEARN

The ransom makes it possible for us to have our sins forgiven, to have our sins blotted out, and to have a relationship with Jehovah.

Why We Need the Ransom

“Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?”—ROM. 7:24.

IMAGINE that a house falls on a man, but he does not die. But he can’t go out on his own. All he could do was cry out for help and believe that someone would pull him out.

2 Each of us is in a similar situation. Why do we say that? When Adam disobeyed Jehovah, he became a sinner, so we are sinners because we are his descendants. Because we are all born in sin, our situation is like that of the man whose house collapsed on him and could not get out on his own. So, we will need someone to save us from sin. In his letter to the Romans, the apostle Paul beautifully described our condition as sinners. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) He begged to be “delivered from the body that is subject to death.” Paul was born in sin, so he would die anyway. (Rom. 6:23) We are in a similar situation, and we need someone to deliver us.

3 Happily, when Paul described his situation, he did not say that it was impossible to do anything about it. Why do we say that? For when he asked: “Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?” he added: “Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord!” (Rom. 7:25) In this verse, Paul is showing that Jesus

1-2. What kind of situation are we in? And why would we need someone to get us out of it? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also picture.)

3. How do we benefit from Jesus' ransom sacrifice?

14

Just as a house collapses on a person and he cannot get out on his own, we need someone to rescue us from sin

(See paragraphs 1-2)

Jesus' ransom sacrifice has made it possible for us to be saved.* Jesus' ransom sacrifice makes it possible for us to (1) have our sins forgiven by Jehovah, (2) have the hope of being forgiven in the future, and (3) have a relationship with Jehovah. In this article, we will be helped to understand these points better and thus strengthen our love for Jehovah, “the God who gives hope.” (Rom. 15:13) It will also deepen our appreciation for Jesus, for he is “the ransom paid for us.”—Col. 1:14.

BECAUSE OF THE RANSOM, JEHOVAH CAN FORGIVE OUR SINS

4 The ransom is very important to us because without it, Jehovah could not forgive our sins. We are born in sin, so each of us sins. (Read Ecclesiastes 7:20.) True, some sins are more serious than others. For example, under the Mosaic Law, adultery or murder were punishable by death. (Lev. 20:10; Num. 35:30, 31) However, there are sins that are less serious but still sinful. For example, David sang: “I shall certainly guard my steps that I may not sin with my tongue.” (Ps. 39:1) This means that even what we say can sin.—Jas. 3:2.

5 Have you spoken words that you would not have spoken? Did you do things you wouldn’t have done otherwise? No doubt, each of us has said things and done things that we should not have done. The Bible says: “If we make the statement: ‘We have no sin,’ we are misleading ourselves and the truth is not in us.”—1 John 4:8. 1:8.

6 In his justice, Jehovah must act in a way that makes it possible for him to forgive our sins. So he sent Jesus to die for us so that he could forgive our sins. (Eph. 1:7) But this does not mean that he does not care if we sin. He does not want us to sin.—Isa. 59:2.

7 Under the Mosaic Law, the Israelites were required to offer animal sacrifices for sin

* DEFINITION: A ransom is the price paid to buy back someone who has been captured. In a sense, sin and death have infected mankind, but Jesus' death frees obedient mankind from sin and death, so his death is a ransom.

4-5. Why is the ransom important to each one of us? (Ecclesiastes 7:20)

6-7. What makes it possible for Jehovah to forgive our sins? (See also picture.)

JANUARY 2026 15

and Jehovah. (Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) The sacrifices offered by the Israelites show that mankind needs a far better sacrifice—Jesus' ransom sacrifice. This ransom makes it possible for Jehovah to forgive our sins. Paul's letter to the Christians in Corinth makes it clear that he was keenly aware of the value of Jesus' ransom sacrifice. In this letter, after mentioning the bad things they had done, he told them: “You have been washed clean, you have been sanctified, you have been declared righteous in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and with the spirit of our God.”—1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 As you prepare for the Memorial this year, take time to reflect on how Jehovah has forgiven you. And as you do, think about how that has made your life better now. For example, if you are sorry for some sins you have committed in the past, then because of the ransom, you do not need to be sad or anxious about them. What if you find it hard to believe that your sins are truly forgiven? You probably say to yourself

8. As you prepare for the Memorial this year, what should you keep in mind?

'I know that Jehovah forgives, but I don't believe that he can forgive me for what I did.' If you feel that way, remember: Jehovah is the one who forgives sins, and he has given his Son the authority to judge us. It is not up to you or any other human being to determine who should or should not be forgiven. Consider what the Bible says on this subject. He said: “If we are walking in the light as Jehovah himself is in the light, the blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin.” (1 John 1:6, 7) We must believe this as we do other Bible teachings. Because of the ransom, Jehovah has the opportunity to forgive our sins, and the Bible says that he is “ready to forgive.”—Psalm 86:5.

BECAUSE OF THE RANSOM, OUR SINS WILL BE FORGIVEN IN THE FUTURE

9 In the Bible, the word “sin” refers not only to the bad things we do but also to the condition in which we are born. (Read Psalm 51:5.) Because he was born

9. In the Bible, what does the word “sin” refer to? (Psalm 51:5 and footnote)

The Israelites were required to offer animal sacrifices for their sins. This shows that we need Jesus' sacrifice to have our sins forgiven

(See paragraphs 6-7)

16 THE WATCHTOWER

Because we are imperfect, we sometimes have wrong thoughts and actions. Moreover, because of inherited sin, our bodies do not function as Jehovah designed them to, and we get sick, grow old, and die. This fact is why even innocent children get sick and die. That is why both the good and the bad die. Adam's sin brought us all into this terrible state.

10 How did Adam and Eve feel when they disobeyed Jehovah and became sinners? Their sin caused them great distress. And immediately, their conscience began to bother them. (Rom. 2:15) They felt that something was wrong with them. And that made them realize that they had to cover certain parts of their bodies. They also felt that they had to hide from their Creator. (Gen. 3:7, 8) Ever since Adam and Eve sinned, they have felt guilty, unworthy, and ashamed. And they felt that way until their death.—Gen. 3:16-19.

11 Because we are all born in sin, we too may at times feel unworthy, anxious, or discouraged. It is our sin that makes us feel that way. Even when we try to change our lives to avoid certain problems, we find that there are problems that we cannot solve on our own. Why? Because the Bible says that we are “subjected to futility.” (Rom. 8:20) You are not alone in such a situation. All humans do. Today, for example, many people are working to take care of the earth, to end violence, to ensure that everyone has the necessities of life, and to end war. But they have not been able to solve these problems. The question, then, is, How can the ransom free us from sin?

12 Because of the ransom, we have the hope that “the creation itself also will be set free from enslavement to corruption.” (Rom. 8:21) This means that in the new world, sin will be removed, so we will not get sick or suffer. We will never feel unworthy, discouraged, or ashamed. Moreover, we will take good care of the earth, and peace will prevail everywhere, for Jesus Christ, who gave his life for us and is called the “Prince of Peace,” will rule over us.—Isa. 9:6, 7.

13 What will your life be like in the future when your sin is removed? Every morning when you wake up, you will feel energetic, and you will not worry about going hungry or your family and friends. You will also not have to worry about getting sick or dying. Even now, if we “hold fast the hope as an anchor for the soul,” we will be able to endure. (Heb. 6:18, 19) An anchor keeps a ship secure. Our hope is like an anchor for the soul, both sure and firm. Therefore, keeping our hope clearly in mind will strengthen our faith so that we can endure any trials we may face. Be assured that your efforts will not be in vain, for Jehovah is “the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him.” (Heb. 11:6) The ransom

10. How did Adam and Eve feel when they sinned?

11. Because we are born in sin, how is our situation?

12. What hope does the ransom give us?

13. As you prepare for the Memorial this year, what else can you think about?

JANUARY 2026 17

Only Jesus' sacrifice makes it possible for us to have a relationship with Jehovah

(See paragraph 16)

So, for now, you can be patient and hope for the future.

BECAUSE OF THE RANSOM, WE CAN BE JEHOVAH'S FRIENDSHIP

14 When Adam and Eve sinned, humans lost their friendship with God. The Bible says that humans became enemies of God. (Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because Jehovah cannot sin, and he hates sin. The Bible says of Jehovah: “Your eyes are too pure to see what is bad, and you cannot look on wickedness.” (Hab. 1:13) Thus, ever since humans became sinners, they have been alienated from God. We must be reconciled to him before we can be his friend again. Happily, the ransom makes it possible for us to be reconciled to him.

15 The Bible calls Jesus “a propitiatory sacrifice for our sins.” (1 John 2:2) How did the ransom make peace between Jehovah and mankind? Jesus' ransom sacrifice opened the way for Jehovah, our sinless God, to become reconciled to mankind. (Rom. 3:23-26) Jehovah knew that the ransom would be provided by Jesus Christ. Thus, he declared righteous those who worshiped him faithfully before Christ came to the earth. (Gen. 15:1, 6; Isa. 46:10) The ransom makes it possible for us to have a relationship with God.

16 It is a great privilege to be reconciled to God. Why do we say that? For example, as Jesus taught us, you address Jehovah as “your Father.” (Matt. 6:9) At times, you even address him as “your Friend.” But when we address Jehovah as “our Father” or “our Friend,” we should do so humbly and with deep respect. Why? Because we are sinners, and we do not have a relationship with him because we are righteous. Without the ransom, we would not be able to have a close relationship with Jehovah. Through Jesus, Jehovah “reconciled all things to himself, . . . making peace through the blood of his cross.” (Col. 1:19, 20) That is why we can enjoy a close relationship with Jehovah even now that we are imperfect.

14. When Adam and Eve sinned, what happened to our relationship with Jehovah? And why is that?

15. How did the ransom make peace between Jehovah and mankind?

16. As you prepare for this year's Memorial, what other truth can you reflect on? (See also picture.)

18 THE WATCHTOWER

THE RANSOM SHOW US THAT JEHOVAH IS GREAT MERCY

17 The ransom is an expression of Jehovah's “abundant mercy.” Jehovah “made us alive when we were dead in trespasses.” (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Those who are “rightly disposed for everlasting life” know that they were born in sin. In a sense, their situation is like that of a house that has collapsed, and they cannot save themselves. So they scream for help. (Acts 13:48) Jehovah answered their cries for help. In what way? He has had the good news of the Kingdom preached so that people can come to know him and his Son, Jesus. (John 17:3) So if Satan thought that God's purpose would not be fulfilled because of the sin of Adam and Eve, he would be mistaken.

18 Although we should not lose sight of how we benefit from the ransom, we should not lose sight of something else that is even more important. That is the primary reason why Jehovah provided the ransom. He did more than provide the ransom for our salvation. He gave it for a more important reason. Satan challenged Jehovah in the garden of Eden, and Jehovah will provide the answer by means of the ransom. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) So the primary reason why Jehovah provided the ransom was to sanctify his name completely. He will also save us from sin and death, thus proving that God is love. Moreover, although we are imperfect, Jehovah has undeservedly given us the opportunity to answer Satan's challenge. (Proverbs 27:11) How can you show that you appreciate the ransom? This question will be answered in the following article.

17. How does the ransom demonstrate Jehovah's great mercy? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

18. When applying the ransom, what other important factor must we appreciate?

WHAT WAY DOES THE REDEMPTION PROVIDE . . .

■ that our sins are forgiven?

■ our sins are forgiven?

■ friendship with Jehovah?

PSALM 19

The Lord's Supper

MARCH 23-29, 2026

SONG 18

We Deeply Appreciate the Ransom

WHAT WE WILL LEARN

What can each of us do to show that we appreciate the ransom?

How Can You Show That You Appreciate the Ransom?

“The love the Christ has compels us.”—2 COR. 5:14.

IMAGINE that a building collapses on you and someone comes to your rescue. You would feel that you owed him your life, wouldn't you? Even if you are not alone, you may want to approach the person yourself and do something to show that you really appreciate the show and that you will never forget it.

2 As we saw in the preceding article, we cannot free ourselves from inherited sin. But here is what Jehovah did. He gave his Son as a ransom so that (1) he could forgive our sins, (2) he could remove our sins in the future, and (3) we could have a relationship with Jehovah. Because of the ransom, we have the hope of living forever in Jehovah's new world. Jesus' ransom sacrifice is an expression of his great love for mankind. But he showed love for humans not only when he came to earth but also when he was in heaven before he came to earth. (Proverbs 8:30, 31) “The love the Christ has compels us,” wrote the apostle Paul. (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) This means that we must do something to show that we appreciate Jesus' love and that we will never forget it.

3 How can you show that you appreciate the ransom? What you can do may be different from what someone else can do. Why do we say that? Imagine that three people are traveling to the same destination, but each is from a different country. So, each of them will have a different path to it.

1-2. What should Jesus' ransom sacrifice move us to do? And why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also opening image.)

3. Why might each of us have different ways of showing appreciation for the ransom?

20

When someone saves our life, we should thank them. How vital, then, that we thank Jehovah and Jesus for delivering us from sin and death!

(See paragraphs 1-2)

and they will go. Similarly, some of us are (1) Bible students, (2) baptized Christians, and (3) inactive Christians, and all of us appreciate the ransom and want to do something to show it. But because our circumstances vary, each of us will be able to show that we appreciate the ransom. In this article, we will discuss how you can show that you appreciate the ransom if you belong to one of these three groups.

IF YOU ARE A BIBLE STUDENT, WHAT CAN YOU DO?

4 If you are studying the Bible, think about this: You want to learn about Jehovah and Bible truths. This shows that Jehovah wants you to be his friend and that he is helping you to do so. (John 6:44; Acts 13:48) “Jehovah is the examiner of hearts.” And that means that he sees your efforts to learn about him, and he is pleased when he sees that you are making changes to do his will. (Proverbs 17:3; 27:11) Thanks to the ransom, you can enjoy a close relationship with Jehovah. (Rom. 5:10, 11) Never forget this truth.

4. How does Jehovah view Bible students?

5 If you are a Bible student, how can you show that you appreciate the ransom? One way is by applying the apostle Paul's counsel to the Philippians. He told them: “To the extent that we have made progress, let us go on walking orderly in this same routine.” (Phil. 3:16) Another translation renders this verse: “Let us go on walking orderly in this same routine; let us not turn back.” Therefore, do not let anything or anyone stop you from walking on the road to life.—Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 What if you find it hard to apply something you have recently learned from the Bible? If so, what will you do? Learn more about it, and ask Jehovah to help you understand it better. (Psalm 86:11) But if you still do not understand, give up, but do not stop studying the Bible. What if you find it difficult to break free from a practice that displeases Jehovah? If so, keep in mind that Jehovah never asks more of us than we can do. That

5. What will show that a Bible student is applying the counsel found at Philippians 3:16?

6. If a Bible student finds it difficult to believe something or to make changes, what can he do? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also picture.)

JANUARY 2026 21

Jehovah never asks more of us than we can do. He will help us to do his will

(See paragraph 6)

so you can do his will. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) Jehovah promises to help you. (Isa. 41:10, 13; 1 Cor. 10:13) So do not be discouraged. Instead of focusing on your present circumstances, focus on all the good that Jehovah has done for you, especially on sending his Son to die for you. As your love for Jehovah grows, you will find that “his commandments are not burdensome.”—1 John 4:8. 5:3.*

7 And if you are a young person who is being raised in the truth by your parents, does this apply to you? Yes, because your parents are studying the Bible with you. In fact, you are a very important student of your parents' Bible. The Bible says: “Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you.” (Jas. 4:8; 1 Chron. 28:9) If you draw closer to Jehovah, he will draw closer to you. Jehovah does not view you as merely someone to be trained in the truth. He cares about you because he really wants you to be his friend. And what has Jehovah done to help you draw closer to him? He gave his Son for you. Never forget this wonderful gift! (Rom. 5:1, 2) Therefore, before the Memorial approaches, reflect on what Jehovah and Jesus have done for them

it shapes our behavior. What would make that happen? Jesus' letter to the first-century Christians in Ephesus may provide the answer. The Christians in Ephesus stood firm, and Jesus commended them for it. But he also said to them: “I hold this against you, that you have left the love you had at first.” (Rev. 2:3, 4) Jesus' words indicate that in time, it is possible for a Christian to stop serving God wholeheartedly. A person may pray, attend congregation meetings, and share in the ministry, but he does these things only but not wholeheartedly. To say the least, it is no longer driven by love. So, then, if you sense that your love for Jehovah is not as strong as it used to be, what can you do?

10 The apostle Paul told Timothy to meditate on what he was doing in Jehovah's service and to “be absorbed in it.” (Read 1 Timothy 4:13, 15.) You too can meditate on what you do in Jehovah's service and see how you can “aglow with the spirit.” (Rom. 12:1) you used to prepare for congregation meetings. If you do, you will be able to focus on what is happening when you attend congregation meetings. Or if you are doing personal study, you might find a quiet place where you can meditate on what you are learning. Just as a fire is kept burning brightly, so you need to keep doing these things so that you will always appreciate the ransom and all the other things that Jehovah does for you. Also, before the Memorial, you can meditate on all the good things Jehovah has done for you as one of his Witnesses. If you do, you will no doubt be deeply grateful for the ransom, for it makes it possible for you to have a friendship with Jehovah.

10. How can you apply Paul's counsel to Timothy? (1 Timothy 4:13, 15)

Continue to take steps to strengthen your relationship with Jehovah, even if at times you feel that you are doing so

(See paragraphs 11-12)

11 If you ever feel that you are not serving Jehovah as zealously as you used to, that does not mean that you do not have Jehovah's spirit. Recall what the apostle Paul told the Corinthians about his ministry. He told them: “If I do it grudgingly, that is also my stewardship.” (1 Cor. 9:17) What did he mean?

12 At times, Paul did not feel qualified to preach. Nevertheless, he was determined to keep on preaching no matter how he felt. You can do the same. Be determined to do what is right even if you do not feel like it at times. Therefore, pray to Jehovah to strengthen your desire to do what is right and to give you the strength to do so. (Phil. 2:13) Continue to strengthen your relationship with Jehovah. If you do, your love for Jehovah will gradually grow, and you will be able to serve him with zeal.

11-12. If you ever feel that you are not serving Jehovah as zealously as you used to, does that mean that you do not have Jehovah's spirit? Distinguish. (See also photo.)

JANUARY 2026 23

Ask yourself, 'What can I do now to regain my friendship with Jehovah?' (See paragraph 16)

JW.ORG

13 At 2 Corinthians 13:5, Christians are admonished: “Keep testing whether you are in the faith.” Therefore, from time to time, we might ask ourselves such questions as: 'When I reflect on my life, can I say that Jehovah's service is the most important thing in my life?' (Matt. 6:33) 'Does my choice of entertainment show that I hate what is bad?' (Ps. 97:10) live among my Christian brothers?’ (Eph. 4:2, 3) The Memorial season is an excellent time to reflect on these matters. Reflecting on what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us will move us to take action to thank Jehovah and to show that we live for Christ, not for ourselves.*

IF YOU ARE A CHRISTIAN WHO HAS STARTED IN THE CONGREGATION, WHAT CAN YOU DO?

14 Some of our brothers and sisters have stopped attending meetings or associating with the congregation. Some of these served Jehovah faithfully for many years before they stopped. Why did that happen? Some of them became so discouraged that they felt that they could no longer serve Jehovah. (Luke 21:34) Others have been hurt by what a brother did or said. (Jas. 3:2) Still others have committed serious sins and need help. Whatever your reason for not attending congregation meetings, what can you do? What can the ransom and the love shown by Jehovah and Jesus move you to do?

15 Consider this example. How does Jehovah feel about those who have stopped associating with the congregation? The truth is, he did not hate them nor did he forget them. He is looking for his lost ear. And when he finds them, he helps them to return to his flock, and he feeds them. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Could it be that Jehovah is doing that for you? Yes! The fact that you are reading this article shows that you still want to please Jehovah. Just as Jehovah examined your heart and drew you to the truth, he may now be drawing you back.

* You might read the article “What Motivates You to Serve God?” in the June 15, 1995, issue of The Watchtower, to discuss how you can show your appreciation for what Jehovah does for you.

13. How can we examine ourselves to see whether we are in the faith?

14. Why might some of our brothers and sisters have stopped associating with the congregation?

15. How does Jehovah show consideration for Christians who have stopped associating with the congregation? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

24 THE WATCHTOWER

16 Please consider some of the encouraging words found in the brochure Return to Jehovah. It says: “Be assured that Jehovah will help you to return to him. He will help you to overcome anxiety, to forgive those who have offended you, and to have a clear conscience. Then you will be moved to return to Jehovah's people and serve him.” Remember, too, that the elders are eager to help you. They can be “like a hiding place from the wind and a place of concealment from the rainstorm.” (Isa. 32:2) We know that you appreciate the ransom and want to do something to make it known to Jehovah. So ask yourself, 'What can I do now to regain my friendship with Jehovah?' (Isa. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) For example, you might attend congregation meetings at the Kingdom Hall. You can also approach one of the elders for help. And one of the things he can do to help you is to arrange for someone to study with you for a while. Be assured that if you take all these steps to return to Jehovah and show that you appreciate the ransom, he will bless you.

16. What can a person who has strayed from the flock do to return to Jehovah? (See also picture.)

HOW CAN YOU SHOW THAT YOU APPRECIATE THE RANGE?

17 Jesus said that Jehovah provided the ransom “in order that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.” (John 3:16) Because Jesus died for us, Jehovah can save us from sin and death. None of us should ever forget this. (Rom. 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) Therefore, before the Memorial approaches, take time to reflect on the love shown by Jehovah and Jesus. And this may move you to do something to show that you appreciate what they have done.

18 How can you show that you appreciate the ransom? Your reaction may be different from someone else's. But be assured that if you join the millions of other worshipers of Jehovah in living as “live no longer for yourselves, but for the one who died for you,” Jehovah will bless your efforts.—2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. What can we do to make the most of our time before the Memorial?

WHAT CAN THE FOLLOWING DO TO SHOW THEY APPRECIATE THE RANSOM?

■ Bible students

■ Baptized Christians

■ Christians who have strayed from the flock

SONG 14

Praise the new King of the Earth

MARCH 30-APRIL 5, 2026

PSALM 76 How Happy You Will Be!

WHAT WE WILL LEARN

We will see what we need to do so that when we speak or teach the truth, we do so in a way that benefits them most.

Speak the Truth, But Let It Be Glorious

“Jehovah is the God of truth.”—PSALM 31:5.

WHEN we first meet a brother or a sister, we often ask, “How did you come into the truth?” Some people answer that they were raised in the truth. Others may say that they have recently learned the truth. Why does a person say that he has come into the truth when he becomes one of Jehovah's Witnesses? Because we live in harmony with what we learn from God's Word, which is true. We know that a person must study God's Word and apply what he learns in order to become a member of Jehovah's universal family. One lesson we learn from God's Word is that we should be honest in all things and always speak the truth.—Psalm 15:1-3.

2 Jesus always spoke the truth; if what he has to say is unpleasant, but it is true, he will speak, and even his enemies will testify to it. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus warned his disciples how people would respond to the message he preached. He said: “I came to cause division, with a man against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a young wife against her mother-in-law.” (Matt. 10:35) If Jesus had, everyone would have responded favorably to the message he and his disciples preached, for it was the truth; but he also knew it wouldn't happen. (Matt. 23:37) He knew that the truth would divide people, for some would accept it and others would not.—2 Thess. 2:9-11.

1. What must a person do to become part of Jehovah's universal family?

2. (a) How did Jesus come to be known? (b) Although the message Jesus preached about God was true, how did he say people would react?

26

3 We too want to speak the truth at all times, even when doing so is unkind. We also preach and teach others what we have learned from the Bible, even though not everyone will respond favorably. But does this mean that as long as what we are going to say is true, we should not think about how and when we say it? Not at all! In this article, we will answer the following question: If you are looking for the truth, where can you find it? Then we will see why we speak the truth, how we should speak it, and when we should speak it. Knowing all these things will help us to speak the truth even better than we do now, and to speak at the right time and with discernment.

IF WE SEEK THE TRUTH, WHERE WILL WE FIND IT?

⁴ If we want to know the truth, we must go to Jehovah. Why? Because everything he says is true. For example, if he says that something is good, then it is really good, and if he says that something is bad, then it is really bad. (Psalm 19:9; 119:142, 151) Moreover, everything he says comes true, and when he makes a promise, he keeps it. (Num. 23:19; Isa. 55:10, 11) Yes, Jehovah can never lie! (Heb. 6:18) That is why he is called “the God of truth.”—Ps. 31:5.

⁵ Many people say that no one can tell whether God exists or not until we learn about him and get to know him better. But that's not the case at all. The abundant creation around us testifies to God's existence. (Rom. 1:20) When speaking to some educated Greeks in Athens, the apostle Paul told them that God wants us to “see him” and that “he is not far off from each one of us.” (Read Acts 17:27.) If a person is humble and shows that he really wants to know Jehovah, Jehovah will help him to know him.—John 10:16. 6:44.

⁶ One way to get to know Jehovah is to study the Bible. Jehovah used his holy spirit to inspire men to write the Bible. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) Therefore, everything written in the Bible is true and can be trusted. For example, we can believe what the Bible says about the creation of the world and everything in it. (Gen. 1:1, 26) We can also believe what he said about why we all sin, why there is so much suffering in the world, and why we die. (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) The Bible assures us that Jehovah will use his Son to undo all the damage done by Satan, “the father of the lie,” and we can be sure of that too. (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) In the Bible, Jehovah has promised that Jesus will destroy the wicked, resurrect the dead, cleanse the earth, and help us to become perfect. We can believe this promise. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) How grateful we are that Jehovah has revealed the truth to us and has given us the privilege of teaching others!—Matt. 28:19, 20.

WHY WE SPEAK THE TRUTH

⁷ As mentioned earlier, to remain in Jehovah's universal family, we must speak the truth, that is, we must

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. Why can we say that if a person wants the truth, he must go to Jehovah?

5. Why is it not difficult to get to know Jehovah, “the God of truth”? (Acts 17:27)

6. What are some things you have learned from the Bible? And why are you grateful that Jehovah has taught you these things?

7-8. Why is it important to speak the truth with a sound mind? Explain the account at Mark 3:11, 12. (See also photos.)

JANUARY 2026 27

When conducting Bible studies, on whom do you focus your attention? (See paragraphs 7-8)

our words should be context. But is that all Jehovah sees? Nope. Jehovah also notices why we speak the truth. An incident that occurred when Jesus was on earth illustrates this. (Read Mark 3:11, 12.) On one occasion, Jesus was preaching near the Sea of ​​Galilee, and many people gathered to listen to him. But some people with demons confused the people, and they fell down before Jesus and cried out: “You are God’s Son.” It contains what the demons said about Jesus. But did they say it with good intentions? Nope. They may have tried to tell the truth so that they would be believed the next time they said something. Then, they gradually turned the people's attention away from Jehovah. So, although they spoke the truth, they spoke with malicious intent. Jesus did not give up on them, and he sternly ordered them not to tell anyone about him.

8 What do we learn from this account? The lesson is that if we speak the truth but do not speak with the right motive, Jehovah will not be pleased with us. Therefore, each time we preach to someone, we should keep in mind our motive—our love for Jehovah and our desire to help others come to know him. If we keep this in mind, then when people commend us for something we have taught them from the Bible, we will give credit, not to ourselves, but to Jehovah.—Matt. 5:16; compare Acts 14:12-15.

9 Consider another scenario: Suppose a brother who has been entrusted with a weighty responsibility tells you something that should not be disclosed until it is announced. He told you not to tell anyone, but to tell people. Later, the story was announced, and those you told found out that what you told them was true. So from that point on, they respect you a lot, because they feel that you know a lot of things that only those who have been given heavy responsibilities know. But will Jehovah be pleased with what you do? Not at all. (Proverbs 11:13) Why? First,

9. If someone tells us a confidential matter, what should we not do? And why?

28 THE WATCHTOWER

although you may have spoken the truth, your reasoning was wrong. Also, Jehovah wants us to share a confidential matter with others.

HOW TO TELL THE TRUTH

10 Read Colossians 4:6. The apostle Paul told Christians in Colossae that their speech should always be “with graciousness.” What does that mean? The Greek word translated “honor” implies that speech should be beneficial, dignified, and pleasant, not offensive.

11 When teaching the truth, we need to apply Paul's counsel and make our speech gracious. The Bible itself tells us that its words are like a sharp sword that can pierce even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit. This means that the Bible can reveal who we really are and what is in our heart. (Heb. 4:12) But if we do not use the Bible effectively, we will be stirring up trouble and unnecessary conflict. Let us illustrate the following scenario.

12 Imagine that you are out preaching when you meet a man who is very religious. As you get to know him, you learn that he prays to idols and celebrates Christmas and Easter with his whole family. So you showed him from the Bible that it would be unreasonable for him to pray to idols, since they cannot hear or see. Then you go to Christmas and Easter, and you show him that they all have pagan origins. (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) By doing so, you are teaching him the truth. But since you have only recently met him, have you made good use of God's Word? Nope.

10. What is meant by the word “be glorified”? (Colossians 4:6)

11-12. What can happen if we do not use God's Word well? Explain with an example. (See also photos.)

How can you make good use of the Bible when teaching the truth? (See paragraphs 11-12)

Like Jesus, think about what you are going to say and when you are going to say it (See paragraph 15)

13 Paul also said that we should let our speech be gracious. What does this mean? Does it mean that we have changed the face of the truth or that we have hidden it? No, it doesn't mean that. Rather, it means that when we speak the truth, we do so in a way that pleases the person we are speaking to. (Job 12:11) Is that hard to do? Sometimes it’s hard. Let's take the same example of salt. Sometimes we think it's good to add salt to food, but when people taste it, they may say it's too much or too much. The same is true of language. We may feel that everyone likes the way we speak. But perhaps in reality that is not the case. For example, there are people whose background is not spoken, no matter who they are talking to. But there are also people whose background does not speak that way, so if you say that, it may seem disrespectful. Paul said that we should know how we should “give an answer to each one.” This means that when we speak to someone, we should find out how he wants to be spoken to and then do so.

13. What will show that our speech is gracious?

WHEN WE SHOULD TELL THE TRUTH

14 Jesus always spoke to his disciples with kindness and respect, and he taught them many things. (Mark 6:34) He could have taught them more before he ascended to heaven, but he did not do so, for he felt that he had already taught them. Jesus knew that even some things would take time for his disciples to grasp. In fact, he said that if he taught them these things, they would not be able to understand them. (John 16:12) What can we learn from Jesus' example?

15 Jesus' example teaches us that although we have learned much from the Bible, we should not overwhelm our Bible students with everything we have learned. Just as Jesus took into account his disciples' needs, we should do the same when teaching others. For example, consider the man we said

14. Did Jesus teach his disciples everything he knew before he ascended to heaven? Why?

15. Should we pour out all that we know on our Bible students at once? Why do you say that? (Proverbs 25:11) (See also picture.)

30 THE WATCHTOWER

he wanted to spend Christmas and Easter with his family again. Suppose the man accepts a Bible study, but a week or so remains before Christmas. We know that both Christmas and Easter have pagan origins, and Jehovah hates idolatry. But if you look at it, can you say that you are being honest if you show him what the Bible says about these holidays, with the hope that he will understand right away and stop celebrating Christmas? Although some Bible students may readily grasp the truth, we know that others may need time to understand and apply it. If we teach our Bible students what they need to know at the right time, it will be easier for them to apply it.—Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 When you teach someone about Jehovah and help him to learn the truth, you experience a special kind of joy. But what can you do to help your Bible student to “go on walking in the truth”?

16. What can you do to help your Bible student “go on walking in the truth”?

through'? Continue to be a good example for him. (3 John 3, 4) Strive to live in a way that shows that you believe what God has promised in his Word. Always speak the truth, and do so with good intentions. When conducting a Bible study, be tactful and respectful, and be sure to choose the right time to speak. Finally, when you receive commendation, give all credit to Jehovah. If you do these things, you will show that you belong to Jehovah, the true God.

WHAT WE SEE IN THE PICTURE Page 29: In the first picture, a brother notices a Christmas tree in a man's house and is discussing with him a subject that shows that Christmas has pagan origins. In the second picture, he is discussing a subject with her that all fathers would be very interested in. Which of these two stories would the man be more interested in?

WHAT HAVE YOU LEARNED FROM THE FOLLOWING SCRIPTURES?

■ Acts 17:27

■ Colossians 4:6

■ Proverbs 25:11

PSALM 160 “The Good News”!

THE WATCHTOWER

HE PROMISES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

January 2026 | Vol. 147, no. 1 GA

INFORMATION IN THIS MAGAZINE

Study for March 2-8 | 2

Show by Your Actions That You 'Know That You Need God'

Study for March 9-15 | 8

Jehovah Can Help Us to Cope With Anxiety

Study for March 16-22 | 14

Why We Need the Ransom

Study for March 23-29 | 20

How Can You Show That You Appreciate the Ransom?

Study for March 30–April 5 | 26

Speak the Truth, But Let It Be Glorious

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

SOMETHING YOU CAN LEARN

Draw Pictures of Bible Stories

The events described in the Bible are real, and you can learn a lot from them. Visualizing what you read in the Bible will help you to understand and benefit from it. Here are some tools to help you visualize the accounts you read in the Bible.

• Read out. Reading the Bible aloud will help you to visualize what you are reading. When reading the Bible with your family, you can share the characters. This will help you to visualize the story better.

• Draw a picture of how things went. Think about what might be going on in the minds of the people you are reading about, and how are they feeling? For example, you might ask yourself: 'Why did this person say or do what he said? If I were in this situation, what would be going through my mind, and how would I feel?’

• Draw a diagram of the story. Even if you are not good at drawing, trying to draw a picture of how things happened will help you to visualize the events and remember the story better.

Visit jw.org, or scan this code

JW.ORG ®

w26.01-GA