AUGUST

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

STUDY DATE: OCTOBER 5–NOVEMBER 1,

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

PSALM 55 Do Not Be Afraid of Them!

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

Do not let Satan deceive you into believing that you cannot rely on Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

2

Resist Satan's Deceptions—Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

“Oppose the Devil, and he will flee from you.” —YAK. 4:7

ONCE we have made the decision to serve Jehovah, Satan and his demonic minions have launched a major attack on us. But Satan knows that if we remain loyal to Jehovah, he will never be able to defeat us. So he is determined to subdue us to stop serving Jehovah. One way he does this is by trying to make us feel that we are insignificant to Jehovah and his Son, Jesus.—2 Cor. 11:14; Yak. 1:6

2 To win a battle, soldiers must trust their commanders and obey their commands. If they don’t have faith in them, they might do what they want. That, too, can be life-threatening. We, too, are like soldiers on the battlefield. But we are fighting “wicked spirit forces”. (Eph. 6:12) Satan the Devil knows that if our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ weakens, we may lose confidence in them and reject their guidance. So he does his best to weaken our faith in them. In the past, Satan tried to weaken the faith of some in Jehovah and Jesus. He is doing the same today. In this article, we will consider how he does so. Then we will see how to avoid being caught in Satan’s trap. In the next article, we will look at methods

1. What is the most common way Satan tries to get us to stop serving Jehovah?

The 2017 FIFA World Cup is a spectacular event for the country.

two others that Satan uses to turn us away from serving Jehovah.*

SATAN LIED ABOUT JEHOVAH AND JESUS

3 Soon after Jehovah created Adam and Eve, Satan set his sights on turning them away from Jehovah. Satan deceived Eve into believing that she did not care about her Creator, Jehovah. “Is it really so that God said you must not eat from every tree of the garden?” Satan asked Eve. (Gen. 3:1-5) Satan convinced Eve that Jehovah was withholding something good from her and her husband. Sadly, both Eve and Adam followed Jehovah's enemy, Satan. Everything they had, Jehovah had given them, but they gave it up.—Gen. 3:6

4 Ever since the time of Adam and Eve, Satan has lied about Jehovah. For example, Satan incited Job's ridiculous friends to tell lies about Jehovah. This made Job feel that Jehovah did not love him and that he did not appreciate all his wholehearted service. (Job 22:1-3) The Devil hoped that Job would turn away from Jehovah by causing him to suffer. Despite Satan's attacks, Job maintained his integrity and never turned away from his friend Jehovah.—Job 27:1,

* Of course, not all of our problems are directly caused by Satan. But “the spirit of the world,” which pushes people against Jehovah’s servants, is behind it. So whether we are facing a problem or are being persecuted for serving Jehovah, we can say that we are fighting against Satan.—1 ​​Cor. 2:12; 1 John 1:1 5:1

3. How did Satan weaken Eve's faith in Jehovah?

4. What lie did Satan want Job to believe?

5 When Jesus came to earth, Satan tried to stop people from following Jesus. One way he did this was by getting religious leaders and others who hated Jesus to spread lies about him. Eventually, he was executed as a criminal. —Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mar. 14:55, 56; Yoh. 8:41-4

6 After Jesus’ death, Satan challenged Jesus’ followers. First, the Devil did not want people to believe that Jesus had been raised from the dead. So Satan incited people to lie that Jesus’ disciples had stolen his body. (Matt. 28:11-15) Thereafter, Satan used enemies to target the congregation with intense hatred in order to intimidate them. Satan's whole goal was to convince the congregation that the work Jesus had given them was too difficult for them to do.—Acts 5:29; 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3; 28:2

7 Although some of the early Christians became fearful and stopped preaching, the majority did indeed come, and they kept on preaching. The disciples learned that all hatred is caused by Satan and his demons. (Acts 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) What about today? What deceptive tactics does Satan use to discourage us from serving Jehovah?

SATAN STILL LIES ABOUT JEHOVAH AND JESUS

8 Today, one of Satan's most effective tactics is to mask the truth

5. How did Satan try to turn people away from Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7 How did Satan target Jesus’ disciples?

8. How does Satan use false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST

3

Satan's world offers us many worthless things to make us think that it is worthless to live by God's laws

(See paragraph 11)

of Jehovah and Jesus. The Devil is “the father of the lie,” and he uses false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus. (John 8:44) For example, Satan has blinded people's minds so that they cannot see the difference between Jehovah and Jesus. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some clergymen of Christendom teach that the Father and the Son are equal. For this reason, people have put the Father aside and are serving the Son. Both Jehovah and Jesus are not pleased with such worship. (Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) Those who are influenced by such teachings may find it difficult to reason with them about the truth, perhaps even opposing the preaching work.

9 The first thing we usually do when we want to be friends with someone is to ask for their name. Jehovah wants people to be his friends, but Satan does not even want them to know his name and be his friends. As a result, Satan has long tried to destroy God's name through false religion. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) Satan has caused God's name to be removed from many Bible translations. (Prov. 18:10) Another lie that the Devil promotes is that God is behind the suffering in the world.

9. How does Satan use false religion to hinder people from knowing Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

4 THE WATCHTOWER

As a result, it has made it difficult for many to draw close to God and become his friend. (Jas. 4:8) Satan also wants to destroy the faith of Jehovah's servants today.

10 When we are beset by trials or hardships, Satan wants us to believe that Jehovah does not care about us. Satan wants us to continue to suffer and to make us angry with Jehovah. (Prov. 19:3) When a person becomes enraged against Jehovah, he may reason, 'If Jehovah does not care about me, then what good is it to live by his laws or principles?'

11 Satan uses the media to try to convince us that obeying Jehovah's laws is just a matter of time. When people go to social media, some of the comments are that the Bible is outdated and that we should not allow anyone to tell us what to do. The fact is, “the ruler of the world” has made it very difficult for people to distinguish between right and wrong.—John 14:3 14:30; Yes, it is. 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1,

12 Listening to such lies can damage our relationship with Jehovah. “It took me a while to realize that my schoolwork and associates were slowly corrupting my thinking,” says a sister whom we will call Shannon, “then I started to enjoy things that Jehovah hated on my own, I was just drawing myself away from Jehovah, my family, and my Christian brothers.” Thankfully, Shannon was freed from Satan’s traps and returned to her heavenly Father. What helped him to do so?

13 Shannon realized that she needed to work hard to stay close to Jehovah and Jesus. She says: “I asked Jehovah to help me make good friends, and I did research in congregation publications. The video Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends? was a great help.* The sister in the video was having the same problem there, so did I. With the help of my parents, elders, and mature sisters, I was able to change my behavior and start making good friends live by what I am learning.”

BE CONFIDENT THAT JEHOVAH AND JESUS ​​LOVE YOU

The 14-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (Jas. 4:4) Then

10. What can cause a Christian to become angry with Jehovah?

11. How is Satan trying to get us to think that Jehovah's laws are restrictive? (See also the photo.)

12. Why should we not listen to the lies of Satan?

* For more information on youths, visit jw.org, and see the Friendship With God section. It has a Youth And Girls section. Also on the JW Library® app, check out the Updates section. Then, see “Young People Ask,” and see the subheading, Your Friendship With God.

13. What do you learn from Shannon’s story?

14. How can Satan weaken our faith? (See also the photo.)

AUGUST 2026 | 5

FREE BIBLE COURSES

By meditating on the things that will help us to stay close to Jehovah, we can counteract Satan’s lies (See paragraph 14)

also, we should not believe everything we hear or read. For example, sometimes we may hear or read something that is not true at all. Sometimes, too, there may be minor facts running through it. If we are not careful about such information, it can lead to false beliefs. But if we take the time to study the Bible and congregation publications and associate with mature brothers, we will be less likely to be deceived by such lies. The more we know what the Bible teaches, the less likely Satan is to mislead us or to weaken our faith.—Prov. 13:20; Due. 17:1

15. Taking time to study the Bible can help us to appreciate the love of Jehovah and Jesus. (Prov. 22:19) Meditating on the examples of Jehovah and Jesus in the Bible can help us to be confident that they will never fail us. There are so many examples of love in the Bible that Jehovah and Jesus have for us. For example, Jehovah says that his love for his people is stronger than the compassion of a father for his child. (Isa. 49:15) Moreover, no one who does not take his name for granted

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

6 THE WATCHTOWER

(Mal. 3:16, 17, footnote) Jesus, in turn, gave his life for us out of great love.—John 3:16; 15:12,

16 When we meditate on all that Jehovah and Jesus have done for us, we can become more convinced of their love for us. Perhaps you once had a serious problem. Remembering how Jehovah cut you off will give you greater confidence that he will never turn his back on you. Besides, we can ask our brothers to tell us about how Jehovah has helped them. (Prov. 22:17) If we do so, we can be confident that no matter what happens, Jehovah and Jesus will never separate us.—Read Psalm 118:5,

The 17-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

16. How does meditating on what Jehovah has done for us, or listening to what he has done for others, help us? (Psalm 118:5, 6)

17. What assurance does Jesus give us in John 10:29 if we remain loyal to Jehovah and Jesus?

neennen. Until Jehovah removes Satan and his demonic followers, however, we must continue to fight against them. Because if your persecutor is not tired, you do not stand to rest. (Rev. 20:1-3, 10) To resist the Devil and escape his machinations, we must work hard to strengthen our relationship with Jehovah. For that matter, we need to be sure that we are deeply in love with Jehovah and his Son, Jesus Christ. Then we will see that Jesus said without help that “no one can snatch us out of the Father’s hand.”—Read John 10:29; Yak. 4:7

18 There are two other ways that Satan uses to try to turn us away from Jehovah. First, he wants to create divisions between us and our Christian brothers. He also forces others to turn their attention to us and hate us. In the next article, we will also consider what will help us to resist these two traps of Satan.

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What lies did Satan tell about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ What lies does Satan tell about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ What convinces you that you are in the heart of Jehovah and Jesus?

PSALM 150 Seek God and Live

OCTOBER 12-18,

PSALM 129 We Will Stand Firm

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

We must always remember that we have a fight against the demons, not against our Christian brothers. Also, we should not be discouraged by opposition and give up the preaching work.

You Can Win!

“We have a wrestling, not against blood and flesh, but against the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places.”—EPHE. 6:1

JEHOVAH'S servants do not fight or go to war. (Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) But the Bible shows that there is a war in which we cannot escape; that is the demons we have to fight. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) But these enemies are far more powerful than we are. How, then, can we defeat them? The most important thing is to rely on Jehovah. Next, we need to be aware of the deceptive tactics that Satan and his demons use to try to destroy our faith.

2 In the first article, we discussed the Devil's attempts to destroy our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will also consider two of his methods. First, he seeks to destroy the peace and unity that exist between us and our Christian brothers. He also uses opposition to try to distract us or to intimidate us into giving up the preaching work.

SATAN WANTS TO DIVIDE US FROM OUR BROTHERS

3 Satan wants to separate us from our Christian brothers. His goal is to get us to fight around him and to reveal himself. How does he do it? There are a lot of people in the world who want us to imitate their behavior. For, many people in this world are stubborn,

1. Who should each of us fight against? (Ephesians 6:11, 12)

2. What will we consider in this study?

3. How does Satan want to divide us?

8

Unlike his father, Saul, who lacked trust in Jehovah and was jealous of David, Jonathan was jealous of David. He, on the other hand, supports David

(See paragraphs 4, 6)

and they have no love. They also don’t trust each other. Satan wishes we were like them; he wants us to speak against our brothers and against Jehovah's congregation, and to hate one another.—Rom. 16:1

4 Consider an example. At first King Saul liked David very much, because David was a brave man and a good fighter. (1 Sam. 18:5) But at some point, Saul turned his attention to him. How did it happen to him? When Saul saw the people cheering for David, he was so jealous. Therefore, he put David in a pit, and just tried to get him out. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) If Saul had David killed, Satan would have been very pleased. Why are we saying that? Jehovah had already sent the prophet Samuel to anoint David as the next king of Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) So if David failed to become king, it would be Satan's. Imagine Satan's delight when Saul was jealously determined to kill David.

5 Satan knows that unity brings Jehovah's support and blessing. (Ps. 133:1) Satan wants to destroy our relationship, so he wants us to become jealous of our brothers, just as Saul was jealous of David. Satan knows that if we are jealous of our brothers, it will be very difficult for us to love them. (Mark 12:30, 31) Do you believe that our worship will be acceptable to Jehovah? The disciple James strongly condemned such pride.—Read James 3:14-1

6 Strong love will prevent jealousy and envy from taking root

4. Why did King Saul target David? (See also the photo.)

5. Why does the Devil want us to be jealous of our brothers? (James 3:14-16)

6. What do you learn from Jonathan’s example? (See also the photo.)

AUGUST

in our hearts. Consider a beautiful example from Saul's son Jonathan. Unlike his father, Saul, who was jealous of David. Jonathan was so sure that everything Jehovah said about David would come true, so he reassured David, “You yourself will be king over Israel.” Jonathan humbly acknowledged that Jehovah had chosen David to be the next king of Israel, so he supported him.—1 Sam. 23:16,

7 Satan wants to use this to disrupt the unity of our brothers and sisters in the congregation. What can we do to frustrate his plan? Any conflicts that arise between us and our brothers should be quickly resolved. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Strive to cultivate a positive view of your brothers. Although each of us is different, we must-remember, everyone turns into the other. (1 Cor. 12:12) We are fighting against Satan and the wicked spirit forces along with all our brothers.—1 Pet. 5:8,

8 If a fellow Christian says or does something that upsets you, remember that you too are at fault. Because we go out in the ministry and share in other activities with our brothers and sisters, it is easy to step on each other's feet. (Eccl. 7:20) In that case, the Bible’s counsel to continue to be patient with our brothers is worth applying. Also, if someone does something that hurts you, don’t take it personally, be quick to forgive. (Col. 3:12-14) Jehovah and Jesus want us to love and live in harmony with our brothers.—John 13:34, 35; 17:20,

SATAN IS AGAINST US THROUGH OTHERS

9 Another way Satan tries to discourage us is by stirring up hatred. The apostle Paul said that all true Christians will be hated. (2 Tim. 3:12) It is painful to be hated. In that case, we might spend a lot of our time looking for justice, or we might want the law to deal with such people. Eventually, you will see to it that the evangelizing work that Jehovah has entrusted to us is pushed aside.—Rom. 12:19-2

10 Consider the example of Abraham’s son Isaac. Isaac became wealthy, and the Philistines envied him. For all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth. (Gen. 26:12-18) But Isaac would need water for his family and his animals. So Isaac moved away and dug another well. There, too, the Philistines claimed the fields. Isaac was treated very badly, so he could have been disappointed. But Isaac did not let his shepherds and the Philistines run away from the well. Instead, he made peace. He moved again, and Jehovah blessed him there. (Gen. 26:19-25) We too can imitate Isaac by displaying mildness and patience when we are mistreated.

7. How can we prevent Satan from destroying our unity? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. What should we do if a fellow Christian says or does something that upsets us?

9. What is another way Satan uses to discourage us?

10. When the Philistines treated Isaac badly, what did he do?

10 THE WATCHTOWER

#WE WANT CHANGE

STOP

CHANO

SERVE THE PEOP

Try not to oppose any government, and support God’s Kingdom

(See paragraph 13)

11 When Jesus, the promised Messiah, came to earth, he too was mistreated. For example, some of Jesus’ relatives said that he was insane. (Mark 3:21) Every day, the religious leaders challenged him to teach, even attributing his powers to demons. (Luke 11:15, 16) One of his apostles also betrayed him. (Matt. 26:14-16) The chief priests, along with the rulers, joined in shaking their heads in response to Jesus' execution. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) None of this caused Jesus to fall asleep in Jehovah's service. Moreover, he never took revenge on his enemies. When Jesus was about to be arrested and executed, the apostle Peter tried to cut him off. So Peter cut off the high priest's slave's ear. But Jesus was not pleased with Peter's actions, and he cut the slave's ear again. (Luke 22:50, 51) Despite these hardships, Jesus never lost sight of the work that Jehovah had entrusted to him. Nor did he intend to retaliate against his enemies.

12 Today, we too face challenges that can discourage us. Satan wants to stop us from preaching. Our relatives outside the congregation, or others, may oppose or even hate us. But Jesus told us that we should love even those who hate us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) This means that we should never retaliate against people who hate or oppose us. Instead, we should apply Jesus' counsel to treat all people with kindness, patience, and respect.—1 Cor. 13:4

11. When people hated Jesus, what did he do?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, what should we do when faced with opposition or hatred?

AUGUST

By maintaining love and unity with our Christian brothers, we can conquer the demonic forces (See paragraph 16)

13 Even if the government imposes restrictions on our worship of Jehovah, we should continue to show respect for them. Why is it so? Because that is what the Bible tells us to do. (Rom. 13:1, 2) Satan may not be behind every governmental law that goes against us. However, he simply wants us to criticize such laws, or to criticize and oppose the authorities. People in the world, when the government passes a law and they don’t want it, they sit in the streets and protest. But Christians shouldn’t! (Prov. 24:21, 22, footnote; Eccl. 8:2, 3) If we oppose governments and do not put our trust in God's Kingdom, we fall into Satan's trap.—John 8:4 15:1

14 Some who once opposed us are now zealous Witnesses of Jehovah. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So when we are “reproached and hated and falsely accused of every sort of wicked thing,” let us remember that they may change their ways in the future. (Matt. 5:11) Let us pray that the authorities will allow us to worship Jehovah in peace. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Also pray for family members, workmates, and schoolmates who oppose you. Ask Jehovah to help you figure out how to help them have a positive view of us. Also be patient. “You have to be very patient, because patience is so helpful,” said one woman who opposed her husband for years but later became one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.

13. Even if the government opposes us, why should we continue to show respect for them? (See also the photo.)

14. What is the most important thing to remember when facing opposition to Jehovah's servants?

12 THE WATCHTOWER

15 If we think that we will take it upon ourselves to correct the injustices that are rampant in the world, we will probably waste a lot of time and energy. (Eccl. 1:15) Jehovah is fully aware of this, and his Kingdom will soon undo all the harm that Satan and his agents have caused. (Ps. 37:18; 1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) Until then, however, we need to be patient and show love for our fellowman. We should use our time and energy to help as many people as possible to come to know Jehovah and to become his friends.

WE CAN WIN!

16 The Bible assures us that we can defeat the wicked spirit forces. (Jas. 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) What will help? The Bible says that we must have great faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (Eph. 6:16) So keep strengthening your faith, and it will motivate you to continue to love and unite with your brothers.

17 Satan will continue to use various means to try to separate us from our brothers or to discourage us, but we must never give up. Jehovah and Jesus have promised that if we stick to them, they will not leave us. We are all on the battlefield with our brothers against our enemy the Devil. As for those who oppose us, we should do our best to apply Jesus' counsel and treat them kindly. (Luke 6:27, 28) So keep on fighting Satan, and be assured that you can defeat him and the demons.

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (See also the photo.)

The 17-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ How does Satan try to disrupt the peace and unity of our Christian brothers?

■ How does Satan try to discourage us from preaching the Kingdom message?

■ What convinces you that you can defeat Satan and the demons?

SONGS

The Song of Victory

OCTOBER 19-25,

PSALM 106 Let Us Have Love

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

The apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus will help us to learn how to keep peace in the congregation.

'I'm Begging You With Love'

“I entreat you out of love.”—PHILEM. 9.

THE peace of Jehovah's servants is precious to us. This peace gives us a glimpse of what life will be like in Paradise. (Isa. 32:17, 18) Although Jehovah is the Source of this peace, it is the responsibility of each of us to maintain that peace. (Rom. 12:18) How can we promote peace in the congregation? If we have offended someone, or someone has offended us, what should we do to make peace with the person? The apostle Paul made a request to Philemon; it was about Onesimus. That request will answer these questions.

PAUL'S REQUEST

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. Paul wrote to Philemon encouraging him to get his slave Onesimus back. Paul told Philemon that he knew he was making this request because he loved Christ and the brothers. You may remember this story. Philemon was a brother in the Colossian congregation; he was known for his strong faith and deep love for the brothers. He had a slave named Onesimus who was not a Christian. Onesimus fled from Philemon to Rome, where he likely stole him. (Philem. 18) While in Rome, Onesimus became friends with Paul and later became a Christian. (Col. 4:9) However, because of Roman law, Onesimus had to return to his master, Philemon, so Paul let him go.—Philem. 12,

3 Paul may have wondered what Philemon would do if Onesimus returned. Philemon had the right to

1. What is the responsibility of each of us?

2. Summarize the story of Philemon and Onesimus. (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

3. What issues might Paul have had in mind as he sent Onesimus back? (See also cover photo.)

14

Onesimus will take legal action. Would he let the law deal with him? What about the congregation? What would other brothers who owned slaves and the slaves themselves think? Paul knew that this could disrupt the peace of the congregation. So he writes a letter to Tychicus and Onesimus to send to Philemon. (Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) He also wrote one to the Colossians. In this study, we will consider Paul’s letters to Philemon and the Colossians and see what we can learn from Paul, Onesimus, and Philemon.

WHAT WE CAN LEARN FROM PAUL

4 What can we learn from Paul? Paul's dealings with others contributed to the peace of the congregation. We can imitate Paul and contribute to the peace of the congregation.

5 Paul viewed Philemon as a friend. (Philem. 17) Paul did not feel that Philemon should listen to him as if he were his slave. (2 Cor. 1:24) Paul viewed Philemon as a fellow worker, and he reminded him of their friendship. Paul's actions would have been of great help to Philemon in dealing with his Christian brother Onesimus. All of us can imitate Paul, especially the elders. Treating the brothers as friends promotes peace in the congregation. Because they love Jehovah’s sheep, they do not “dominate” them. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) Rather, they are genuinely concerned about God's sheep, so they spend time with them, listen to them, and do not hesitate to help them. When elders imitate Paul and make others feel welcome, they set a good example for the brothers and contribute to the peace of the congregation.

4-5 How can elders promote peace in the congregation?

6 Paul commended Philemon. (Philem. 4, 5, 7) Commendation is needed. Why is it so? For one thing, there are many of us who feel worthless. Maybe we don’t like the way we are physically. Sometimes we can’t tell if people like us or not. Or perhaps we feel that we will miss out on an opportunity that lies at our heart. It’s no wonder we feel that way. But it can leave us feeling depressed, or completely irrelevant and angry. Moreover, it can make us difficult, or competitive, with others. These are all things that can disrupt peace with others. So the more we praise others, the happier they will be. (Prov. 12:25) This will help them to feel loved and valued. Do you want to make others feel that way? So at every opportunity, be generous in commending others. Not only should we commend someone for their abilities, but we should also commend them for their efforts. In short, if you see something good in your brother, tell him.

7 Paul spoke well of Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) Paul's positive comments about Onesimus would likely have made Philemon and Onesimus feel better. We too can have a bearing on how others view, or treat, our Christian brothers. Speaking positively about our brothers and sisters makes others feel better about them. Similarly, if we do not speak well of them, others will look down on them. But if we can touch our brothers

6. Why is commendation important?

7. The value of the 100% satisfaction rate is 100%. (Philemon 10-12)

AUGUST

Like Paul, have a positive view of your brothers and sisters (See paragraph 8)

of good news, unless we have a positive attitude toward them. What is the best way to do that? Let’s look at something Paul used to do.

8 Paul often thanked Jehovah for Philemon's good qualities. (Philem. 4, 5) He did so for many others. (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Paul knew that his brothers were flawed, but he did not focus on them. Instead, he focused on their good qualities, and he always thanked Jehovah for such friends. If you find it difficult to speak positively about others, do the following: Make it a habit to think positively about others. Then, sincerely pray for them that Jehovah will bless them. They are a great way to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city.

9 Paul's experience was painful, but his words to Philemon were encouraging. Let’s ask, have you ever been overwhelmed or tired and spoken to someone in a hurry? When we are bullied, it is very easy to direct our anger toward others. So let’s see what Paul was going through when he wrote to Philemon. A few years earlier, he had been attacked by Jews who were about to kill him, and he was arrested by soldiers without trial. He was imprisoned in Jerusalem and later sent to Caesarea. He was then taken to Rome, but on the way, the ship he was on sank. Even when Paul was writing to Philemon, he was “in prison,” for the Roman government had confined Paul to his own home in Rome. (Philem. 1) Did Paul's experience cause him to write harsh words to Philemon? No. Paul’s letter to Philemon was encouraging, not dry. What do we learn from this? Even when we are tired, under pressure, or going through a difficult time, doing our best to treat others well contributes to the peace of the congregation. There are also a few others that are worth mentioning, but these are the ones that are most important to me.

WHAT WE CAN LEARN FROM ONESIMOUS

10 At times, we all do or say things that offend others. If that happens, the example of Onesimus can help us

The 8-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (See also the photo.)

9. Why is Paul’s encouraging words to Philemon remarkable?

10. What did Onesimus do to reconcile with Philemon?

16 THE WATCHTOWER

let us make peace with others. What he did, you might say, is simple, but often not easy. He admitted his mistake, and did his part to make peace with Philemon. Onesimus was well aware that under Roman law he had to return to his master. So he traveled over 1,400 kilometers (900 miles) back to Philemon; its fatigue and cost are no small matter. He had to be prepared to go back to slavery and at least be punished for what he had done. The decision to return could have been difficult. What if he felt that his escape was justified? Even if he had such a thought, he did not let it stop him from returning to his master. When he went, he did his best to make peace with Philemon, for Onesimus had now become a Christian.

11 If you have offended someone, take steps to make peace. (Matt. 5:23-25) Taking such a step can be challenging, but it is worth the effort. First, sincerely apologize to the person. Then listen, and let her know that you understand her pain. Admit your mistakes. Also, don’t use words to justify yourself or blame someone else. Excusing yourself or blaming someone may indicate that your apology is invalid. Besides, it may not end the story or it can ruin the story altogether. It takes humility to apologize, but it often makes peace.—Rom. 14:1

WHAT WE CAN LEARN FROM PHILEMON

12 Philemon's example helps us to learn how to deal with offenses. Do you think Philemon forgave Onesimus and welcomed him back? The Bible does not. But Paul was confident that Philemon would. (Philem. 17, 21) Paul knew that Philemon had qualities that would make it easier for him to forgive Onesimus. What are the characteristics?

13 Philemon loved his brothers. (Philem. 5) Philemon's name is appropriate, for his name

The 11-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (See also the photo.)

12. Why was Paul confident that Philemon would forgive Onesimus?

13. Why is love the most important quality? (Colossians 3:14)

Imitate Onesimus; do not hesitate to humble yourself and make peace with your brother (See paragraph 11)

Imitate Philemon; display kindness and contribute to the peace and unity of the congregation (See paragraph 15)

means “love.” All in the congregation knew that Philemon's love was genuine; such love would also help him to forgive Onesimus. In fact, in his letter to the Colossian congregation, where Philemon was, Paul described love as “a perfect bond of union.” (Read Colossians 3:14.) This means that love is the most important quality that makes for peace and unity. The more we love others, the easier it will be to forgive and treat them well. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Let us, then, examine what made it easier for Philemon to show love.

14 Philemon was a lover of hospitality, so he found it easy to love others. He offered his home as a meeting place for the congregation. (Philem. 2) Paul also shows that Philemon was a lover of hospitality, for he asked him to prepare a place for him. (Philem. 22) Philemon's hospitality evidently brought joy and relief to others.—Philem. 7.

15 How can imitating Philemon's hospitality help us to strengthen our love for others? Showing hospitality to our brothers and sisters helps us to get to know them better. Even those who are not intentionally close to their father and those who are different, our association with them reveals that they have beautiful qualities. This contributes to the enjoyment of Jehovah's congregation. Seeing their background, their pre-conversion experiences, their trials, and their endurance deepens our love and respect for them. It shows why Jehovah has drawn them to his servants. (John 6:44) So showing hospitality deepens our love for our brothers and makes us feel good about them. It also helps us to forgive others when they offend us.

16 Speaking of which, do you find it hard to forgive someone? Even if we love our brothers, it is sometimes not easy to forgive their mistakes. What can help us? Consider Paul’s letter to the Colossian congregation, which included Philemon. The statement is in Colossians 3:1 (Read.) How do you think Philemon felt when that letter was read to the congregation in Philemon's home? Who must have come to mind? Maybe it's

14. Why can we say that Philemon loved hospitality?

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (See also the photo.)

16. How might Philemon have applied Paul’s counsel in Colossians 3:13?

18 THE WATCHTOWER

He still harbors resentment toward Onesimus. If so, then he would know what to do: He had to continue to be patient with Onesimus and forgive him completely. If we find it difficult to forgive others, how can Paul’s counsel help us?

17 What did Paul mean when he said to “continue putting up with one another”? He was encouraging us to treat our brothers kindly even if they offend or offend us. In the same scripture, Paul emphasized that Jehovah is willing to forgive us out of love. Jehovah understands us, so he does not ask us to do something we cannot do. He knows our flaws, but he doesn’t focus on that, he looks at our good qualities. (Ps. 103:13, 14; 130:3) Therefore, he continues to express his love and mercy to us. (Lament. 3:22, 23) If we view our Christian brothers as Jehovah does, it will be easier for us to be patient with their imperfections, for we too enjoy the patience of others when we err. For example, if we have a plant and know that it blooms beautifully, we will be motivated to love and water it. Our brothers, too, if we-remember that they have good manners, it will motivate us to forgive them, and treat them well, even if they offend us.

18 Jehovah appreciates whatever you do to promote peace in the congregation. So always look for opportunities to do so. Keep talking to others well, and speak well of them. It’s a pa apology. If you make a mistake, try to make peace. Also, keep your love for the brothers strong. Then if they offend you, it will be easier for you to forgive them. These are the things that will help keep peace in the congregation. Besides, you will be among “the meek ones who will possess the earth,” and you will “find your exquisite delight in the abundance of peace” forever.—Ps. 37:1

18. What is your determination?

17. What does the Bible mean when it says to “continue putting up with others”?

PHOTO DESCRIPTION Front: Philemon reads aloud Paul's letter in the presence of Onesimus, Tychicus, and others.

WHAT DID YOU LEARN FROM . . . . . . . .

from the apostle Paul?

Where is Onesimus?

Where is Philemon?

PSALM 154 True Love

OCTOBER 26–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

Cherish Your “Privilege of Serving Jehovah.”

SONGS 62 New Songs no

“He has reserved for us a horn of salvation, so that we may serve him without fear.”—LUKE 1:69,

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

It will help us to see that the salvation of Jehovah is to be cherished, and seen as a privilege, but with a responsibility.

ZECHARIAH was aged, and his wife Elizabeth was advanced in years, but they had no children. Jehovah miraculously enabled them to have a son, whom they named John. “What the hell is this little boy going to do?” the community and relatives asked. (Luke 1:57-66) Jehovah answered that question through Zechariah. Zechariah explained that the long-awaited Messiah would soon arrive. Therefore, John would help people to repent, and when the Messiah came, they would recognize him and follow him. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But Zechariah did more than just foretell what John would do.* This study will show that Zechariah's words are prophetic and have meaning for us today. His comments will highlight three things for which we should be very grateful. First, the salvation of Jehovah. Second, the privilege of serving Jehovah, and third, the obligation to preach the good news.

SALVATION WITH JEHOVAH

2 Read Luke 1:67-7 God had promised his people that he would save them. But, who was he walking with

* Watch Zechariah's prophecy in the video “His Name Is John.” It is in the first part of the Good News—The Life of Jesus video. The specific passage that mentions the prophecy is Luke 1:6

1. Zechariah's words about what and what? 2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what gift did Jehovah promise to give to his people? (b) Who is the “mighty savior” mentioned at Luke 1:69?

20

will it bring about that salvation? Zechariah said: “[Jehovah] has raised up for us a mighty Savior in . . . the house of David.” (Luke 1:69, footnote) The Messiah would be the “powerful deliverer.” The Jews of Zechariah's day were already looking forward to the promised Messiah. They also knew that he would be a descendant of Abraham from the line of King David. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Why, then, did Jehovah have Zechariah again foretell the coming of a “mighty one”? Because the Messiah was soon to come. Six months before a virgin named Mary gave birth to Jesus, the Messiah. He is the one whom the angel Gabriel said would be called “the Son of God,” and that he would sit on “the throne of David his father.” (Luke 1:30-35) At the age of 30, when Jesus was baptized, Jehovah anointed him with holy spirit as the promised Messiah. It was then that Jehovah released him as the mighty savior. (Matt. 3:16, 17) What a joy that was!

3 Why did the Jews need deliverance? Zechariah said that they would be “delivered from all their enemies and from the hand of all who hate them.” (Luke 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus would deliver the Jews from Roman oppression? No. Rather, the Jews needed to be delivered from Satan. Because he was the source of the pressure they were facing. (Heb. 2:14, 15) This same Satan has enslaved the Jews and all mankind to sin and death. Besides, because the Jews failed to keep the Mosaic Law perfectly, they were under a curse and needed deliverance. (Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13) And so

3. Why did the Jews need deliverance?

therefore, Jehovah promised through Zechariah that “their sin will be forgiven them and they will be saved.”—Luke 1:7

4 Why do we need redemption too? Because we, like the Jews, are enslaved to sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) Also, the pressures we face are caused by Satan and the demons. They want to deceive us into breaking Jehovah’s laws, and away from Jehovah. They don’t let it stay there; “those who hate us” are also forced to oppose our religion. For all of this, we need redemption too.

5 Let us first consider how Jesus saves us from sin. When Jesus was on earth, he taught his followers the best way to worship Jehovah in a way that pleases him. He finished by giving his life as a ransom so that “everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.” (John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) The way Jesus taught his followers to worship Jehovah is the same way we strive to serve him. But we still have sin, so when we sin, we ask Jehovah to forgive us. Thanks to the ransom, Jehovah forgives our sins and accepts our worship. (1 John 2:1, 2) This is the means by which Jesus saves us from sin and gives us the hope of everlasting life.

6 Jesus will provide complete liberation from the enslavement of sin and death, from Satan and his demons, and from “those who hate us.” How will he do it? Since 1914, Jesus has been ruling as

4. Why do we need redemption too?

5. How does Jesus save us from sin?

6. What will the King Jesus soon do for us? (See also the photo.)

AUGUST

The salvation that Jehovah will provide through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

He is the King of God’s Kingdom, sitting on “the throne of David his father.” (Luke 1:32, 33) Soon, at Armageddon, he and his 144,000 corulers, along with the heavenly angelic hosts, will wipe out all who oppose God. Then, during the Thousand Year Reign, Jesus will resurrect the dead, and he and the 144,-000 will gradually help humans to become perfect. (John 5:28; Rev. 22:1, 2) By the end of the thousand years, we will have been completely freed from sin and death. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) Thereafter, Satan, his demons, and any who follow Satan during the final test will be destroyed by Jesus and the 144,0 (Rev. 20:7-10) At last, faithful humans will be able to serve Jehovah free from sin and death and free from opposition. One of God’s “undeserved kindnesses” is the ransom sacrifice of Christ. This gift is so precious to us that we will always be grateful to Jehovah.—2 Cor. 9:1

THE PRIVILEGES OF SERVING JEHOVAH

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. The ransom is a wonderful gift from Jehovah. Zechariah said that it gives us “the opportunity to serve Jehovah without fear.” These include preaching the good news, praying, studying his Word, the Bible, and attending meetings, assemblies, and conventions. There are other things that we do that show that we are serving Jehovah. These include Bethel service, or the construction of Kingdom Halls and Assembly Halls.

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what opportunity did Jehovah give his people?

22 THE WATCHTOWER

8 What does the Bible mean when it says to serve Jehovah “without fear”? First, we need not fear death. With everlasting life in view, we do not run after the things of the world. Instead, the most important thing is to live in a way that pleases Jehovah. When our enemies threaten us with death, even we are not afraid. We courageously remain faithful to Jehovah, knowing that even if we die, Jesus will bring us back to life. (John 6:39, 40) Second, we need not fear that Jehovah will reject us because we are sinners. We know that Jehovah loves and approves of us, and we have faith that on the basis of Jesus' sacrifice, he will forgive our sins.—1 John 3:1 4:9,

9 There are some brothers who find it hard to believe that Jehovah appreciates their service. They may feel that Jehovah cannot love them because of some tragedy they have experienced, or because of a problem they have experienced. There may also be times when they have asked Jehovah for forgiveness and have been helped by the elders—they still feel unforgiven by Jehovah. If so, what can you do?

10 Let us take an example. If a person has a broken leg and is prescribed by a doctor, the doctor may recommend some measures to restore strength to the leg so that it can walk again. But what if the paralyzed person is afraid that he will never be able to walk again? He needs to trust the doctor and follow his instructions. Gradually his legs can move, and he can walk or even run again.

11 So you too, if you are overwhelmed by a sin you have committed, trust in Jehovah. Remember, Jehovah loves you very much. That is why he gave his Son to die for you, and because of his grace and mercy, he will forgive your sins. (John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Jehovah has shown you what you need to do to get back on your feet. That is, pray, study, and go to class. (Ps. 1:2; 1 Thess. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Recovery from a broken leg is not immediate; it will take time. Similarly, if you feel unloved by Jehovah because of some sin you have committed, it will take time to come to realize that he truly loves you. But you have to- be confident that you can get back on your feet. So the fruit of the bed, what you do that draws you closer to Jehovah, keep doing it. (Phil. 3:16) Also, thank Jehovah for strengthening you to serve him faithfully each day. We can all be thankful to Christ, and how grateful we are to Jehovah for the opportunity to serve him fearlessly!

THE RESPONSIBILITY TO PREACH THE GOSPEL

12 Read Luke 1:76-7 “You will go before the face of Jehovah to prepare his ways,” Zechariah told his youngest son. How did John the Baptist fulfill this? As he grew up, he zealously preached the good news. He told the Jews to repent, be baptized, and believe in the coming Messiah. When the

8. What should we not be afraid of?

9. What is the hardest thing for some brothers to believe?

10-11. What can we do if we feel overwhelmed by a sin? Explain with an example.

12. What did John the Baptist do to prepare the ways of Jehovah? (Luke 1:76-79)

AUGUST

If we value the salvation that Jehovah will give us and the privilege of serving him, we will be zealous in preaching the good news (See paragraph 16)

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

After John baptized Jesus, he publicly declared that Jesus was Jehovah’s representative. “See, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world!” he said. Then John told his followers to follow Jesus, the Messiah. 1:29, 34-36, 40,

13 John clearly identified Jesus as the Messiah, but many others needed to confirm. Why is it so? Zechariah explained that the Messiah would be “the light of the morning.” This means that Jesus' coming would change people's lives and give them hope of salvation. This good news had to be preached to everyone, so John could not preach it alone. Who, then, would spread this good news?

14 Jesus exerted himself in preaching the good news. He is the one Zechariah spoke of as bringing “light to those sitting in darkness and the shadow of death.” Jesus had great compassion for the less fortunate. He spoke of the comforting and hopeful “year of goodwill on the part of Jehovah.” (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) “The kingdom of the heavens has drawn near,” he proclaimed. But he knew that many more would need to share the good news. So he trained his disciples to continue preaching the good news.—Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19,

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. The fact is, this is the time to exert ourselves in proclaiming Jesus' ransom sacrifice and God's Kingdom. Why is it so? Let’s see what’s coming up. Soon, “great tribulation from the beginning of the world

13. How did the coming of the Messiah become “the light of the morning” for God’s people?

14. What is the most important work of Jesus and his disciples? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

24 THE WATCHTOWER

until now.” (Matt. 24:21) At that time, many may respond to the good news and serve Jehovah because they may remember that we preached the good news to them. 25:16; 19:10;

16 Zechariah's words at Luke 1:68-79 remind us of these three important facts. First, the salvation of Jehovah. Second, the privilege of serving Jehovah. Third, the responsibility to preach the gospel. Do you exercise faith in Christ's ransom sacrifice and have you dedicated yourself to Jehovah?

16. What are you determined to do? (See also the photo.)

Do you cherish your privilege of serving Jehovah? If so, zealously proclaim “the year of goodwill on the part of Jehovah” to everyone. Tell people about “the day of vengeance on the part of our God,” that is, the day when God’s Kingdom will destroy all our enemies and transform our earth into a paradise. Therefore, anyone who loves God is invited to join us in “serving Jehovah without fear in faithfulness and in righteousness all the days of our life.”—Luke 1:74,

COVER PHOTO Page 24: In the first picture, two sisters are in the house-to-house ministry. The second picture shows a brother witnessing to a coworker during a break. In the third picture, a sister is giving evidence of design in nature. Her teacher and classmates are listening intently.

AS THE PROPHECY OF LUKE 1:68-79 SHOWS, . . . . . . . .

what precious thing has Jehovah given us?

What privilege does Jesus’ ransom bring?

what is our responsibility?

PSALM 159 Praise the Lord

LIFE STORIES

The Almighty Creator Came to Me

STÉPHANE LANDEROIN'S MOUTH

WHEN I went to school, I didn’t enjoy school, and I didn’t do anything. I wanted to be alone and in my privacy. I never dreamed that God would pay attention to me. Why am I saying that?

I grew up in Paris, France. There, many people did not believe in God, so I did not. Instead, I believed that the world and everything in it came about by chance. I learned this in school, and like many others, I believed it to be true. It made sense to me, so I didn’t do any research.

My parents were not religious. They argued that if God existed, there would be no suffering and injustice in the world. I too, seeing the hypocrisy in religion, felt that it was unreasonable to believe in God. I even ridiculed those who believed in God.

But now I am convinced that there is a Creator who cares about me despite my sometimes low self-esteem. What changed my mind, and what helped me change my life, let me break you down.

At the age of 19, I was forced into military service. I was then sent to French Guiana, South America, for a year. It was beautiful but not very close to my hometown. Little did I know that later that place would change my life forever.

At the age of 20, I returned to Paris. When I arrived, I worked hard every week from Thursday to Friday; on Mondays and Sundays, too, dinner after dinner, drink after drink. But I wasn’t very happy, because any happiness I had soon faded. I must say that my life was a mess. I saw that corruption and injustice, discrimination, and poverty were rampant in the world. The wood-

I grew up in Paris, France. My family did not believe in God.

26 THE WATCHTOWER

roof is destroying the environmental heritage. So I longed to return to South America.

I LOOKED FOR A HAPPY LIFE IN THE FOREST

I returned to French Guiana, where I controlled-the fire to a village. I thought that if I-lived somewhere in the woods and smoked marijuana, I would be very happy in life. But it didn’t stop and I went back to my old life. So I worked from Wednesday to Friday; on Mondays and Sundays, I would go eat and cut some.

Right then someone gave me a Bible. I started reading; i thought i would get some good advice from it to help me live my life better. But I didn’t understand what I was reading.

I had some friends who also wanted to know what we came into the world to do. They had gone to their village in the forest and named it Union. So they asked me to stay with them.

In the forest, life was not easy; we could do whatever we wanted because we were not bound by any rules. We sleep until the sun comes up before we get up, and we go to bed as soon as the sun goes down. We grew our own crops, played music, and smoked marijuana. We took good care of the war-making property around us; and what each had, he gave to his neighbor. We didn’t eat meat because we didn’t want to kill the animals that were there. We did not respect the laws of the land; if we-see that some of the laws do not help us or if we break them and are not punished, we do not obey them.

As we lived together in the forest, that perfection was what we wanted the world to be. There was no subordination in our village, and everyone respected each other regardless of where they came from. However, I learned that each of us was selfish and made mistakes. So some of the problems that people were facing in the world had emerged in our group. Some come to the group and stay for a few days in the village, others for a few weeks or months. But I was over two years old.

While in the forest, I saw that the earth provides us with everything we need. One day, I tried to count the seeds in a grapefruit. It was too much so I stopped first. I asked myself, “Why does the earth provide us with so much of what we need?” When you look at the earth, It’s like a home

A. A hut we created in our village, and we called the village Union

B. When I lived in the forest

THAT

B

one that has been deliberately decorated in anticipation of a wash. This made me realize that things were not in vain; it was almost certainly created by someone. But I had no idea who he was.

I kept reading the Bible. But this time I wanted to know what God wanted me to do. I began to pray, making the sign of the cross without knowing what it meant. I also wanted to know if the Creator's name was Yah, since that name appeared in some of the songs our group sang.

I SAW MY LOVELY FATHER

Looking back, when I started praying, I think the Creator saw that I wanted to know Him. A female friend of mine from our group in the village met Jehovah's Witnesses and accepted a copy of the book You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth* When I started reading, I was amazed at what I found. When I learned that the earth would become a paradise and that I could live there forever, I was thrilled. Just what I was looking for; that is, to live in a beautiful place, and to live in peace with my loved ones without death. He helped-

* Published by Jehovah's Witnesses but now discontinued.

the kind one who wants us to have this better future, and I want to be his friend.

I realized that I needed to make changes in my life, but I needed help. So I told another friend we were with, I wanted to see Michel. Michel was a missionary, and he studied with that friend.

The very day I met Michel, he invited me to a meeting in Matoury; near the state capital Cayenne. It was 240 kilometers or 155 miles from where we were to Cayenne. I wore a colorful shirt and a shirt that was bigger than my bam. But the brothers did not look after my dress, but they helped me to attend the convention, fed me, and gave me a place to sleep. The love and kindness of the Witnesses convinced me that I had found the truth.

At that meeting, a brother explained 1 Timothy 5:8 in his talk. That scripture shows that every good father will provide for his family. I learned that Jehovah applies this principle, so he will see to it that his family has what they need. So I said to myself, that

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIDANCE

NEW CALEDONIA

I learned the truth in French Guiana, got baptized in France, and now serve with my wife in New Caledonia

Our wedding day

I am giving a talk to a Chinese class, 2006

if I put Jehovah’s will first in my life, I don’t have to worry because he will take care of me. As I looked at Michel’s life, I found this to be true for myself. His only goal was to do Jehovah’s will, but he was secure and happy.

As I continued to study the Bible, I realized that I needed to make changes. I decided to quit smoking and marijuana. After making that decision, I burned all the tobacco and marijuana I had left, and I never smoked again. Then I started going to class. One day at the study, I asked a brother to cut my hair, which he did at the Kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, I left the group in French Guiana and returned to France. I found a Kingdom Hall and went there, arranging for someone to continue my Bible study. Although my life had changed, my family was amazed at how much I had changed. This time, I had stopped smoking and marijuana, stopped drinking, and no longer went to noisy parties. But they didn’t like the way I witnessed to them with my frankness. I later realized that when witnessing to them, I had to be tactful and respectful.

I was baptized in 1996. I prayed to Jehovah that I wanted to be a missionary like Michel. I found that to be the best way to show my appreciation for what Jehovah had done for me.

I RECEIVED MANY BLESSINGS FROM MY HEAVENLY FATHER

In my congregation, there was a beautiful sister named Claudine. I saw that she was diligent in the ministry and that her comments at the meetings showed how much she loved Jehovah. I decided to propose, but first I wanted to see if Claudine was interested in the mission. She loved it, so in April 2000 we got married.

The following year, we both began pioneering. Later, we decided to learn Mandarin to help a Chinese-language group near our congregation. Learning the language was very difficult for me. First, I had to try to think like Chinese. I also had to find a way to appeal to the Chinese. The truth is, I never mastered Mandarin. I did my best. The joy of working alongside the Chinese-speaking brothers will never be forgotten. Jehovah richly blessed us. The training we received was also a source of inspiration for us in the future.

SOME PROBLEMS I ENCOUNTERED

Things didn’t always go my way. For example, I felt uncomfortable trying to do my best for Jehovah and my brothers. So when I was going to give a talk, I spent a lot of time preparing it.

AUGUST 2026 | 29

We are now in the circuit work in New Caledonia

But I will usually end the talk and be disappointed, because it doesn’t go the way I expect it to. (Eccl. 7:16) I needed to understand that Jehovah is a loving Father who does not expect perfection from us. Rather, he appreciates it when we do our best.

While in Paris, I was appointed as the district superintendent’s deputy. I felt like I was learning, and I didn’t have the experience to do this job. But I learned that Jehovah's holy spirit can make us more than we can be.

My other problem is that I have had a disease since childhood that causes me to sweat a lot. My hands are very swollen. If I am giving a talk at a convention or a convention and I feel a little bad, then it is bad. But when I pray to Jehovah for peace, it makes it easier. The problem is not gone, but relying on Jehovah helps me to speak more slowly and not sweat much.

In 2011, Jehovah gave us something we had been praying for for so long. We went as missionaries to New Caledonia. It is a group of islands in the southwest Pacific. The distance from Paris is very short; over 16,000 kilometers or 10,000 miles. This new assignment, too, carried its problems. We had to learn to eat new foods; some include beans, brobes and bayer. Also, if you were asleep you would hear chickens barking, or dogs barking, so it often ruined our sleep. It took a while to get used to it. Also the way the locals conversed was very different; when you ask someone a question, instead of opening their mouths to answer, they sometimes respond with the back of their eyes.

Whenever we have a new assignment, Jehovah helps us to succeed. We served as missionaries and for a few years at Bethel. We have attended the Kingdom Ministry School and are now in the circuit work. Every assignment we received saw the help of Jehovah's holy spirit. Jehovah has shown me that having a weakness does not mean that he is using us for a failure. So I often pray to him from the bottom of my heart to help me do my best. Although I stand in front of a crowd with a heart attack, Jehovah helps me to be able to provide encouragement and guidance for the shepherds we visit.

Throughout the changes in our lives Claudine has been with me. He is very patient with me. She is very interested in our work and is ready to witness to people at every opportunity. He does not complain about the summer here and the problems we face in the circuit work.

At my first convention, I learned that the Almighty Creator always cares for his servants. When I put his service first in my life, he has blessed me so much. Jehovah has taught me to respect authority and to obey the law. I also have to be humble. I passed by those with whom I associated in the world so that I could live by Jehovah's laws. The good friendships Jehovah has given me also far outweigh any loss. Jehovah has blessed me with a wonderful wife, and I look forward to everlasting life in the future, to which Jehovah will bless us abundantly.—Mark 10:29, 30; 10:29,

30 THE WATCHTOWER

DO YOU KNOW?

In ancient times, what happened at the city gates?

IN ANCIENT times, city gates were more than just entrances to a city. It was a very busy place, with a lot of people walking around all the time. City gates appear in the Bible many times, and the Bible describes what happened there.

People gathered at the city gates. The Hebrew word for “gate” does not simply mean a gate at the entrance to a city. It also shows the part of the city gate where people could build a hut. In some places, entering the city gate was a flat area where crowds could gather.—Neh. 8:1

People sold at the city gates. The gates of Jerusalem had names on them; and they are called the Fish Gate and the Sheep Gate. The name may have been given by the trade there.—Zeph. 1:10; Yoh. 5:2

People traded at the city gates, and some went there to do business. Both Abraham and Boaz made legal arrangements with others before witnesses at the city gate. (Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Also, if travelers got tired and found no one to sleep in a city, they could sleep in the city square near the city gate. (Judg. 19:15-21) In addition, people would gather at the city gates to hear what was happening.—2 Sam. 18:24,

Judges tried at the city gates. If a case fell before them, it was heard in public, so that everyone could hear the testimony of the witnesses and the verdict. (Deut. 21:18-20) Such a public hearing ensured justice for the judges. After a trial, the judges had officials who enforced the verdict immediately. (Deut. 25:2) The judges at the city gate were

The city gates were a busy place

everyone expects justice to be done. They also expected to treat everyone fairly, and the people were encouraged to do the same.—Deut. 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-1

Men who served Jehovah faithfully went to the city gates to encourage the Israelites there to trust in Jehovah. Since people often gathered at the city gates, prophets and others often went there to announce messages. (1 Ki. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu stood at the city gate and told the people that Jehovah had fulfilled his word against the house of Ahab. (2 Ki. 10:8-10) King Hezekiah, too, gathered his generals at the city gate and encouraged them to trust in Jehovah.—2 Ki. 32:6-8

The Bible says that “wisdom” cries out, raising her voice “at the city gates.” (Prov. 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, faithful men gave counsel and administered justice at the city gates. Today, Jehovah's wisdom is found in the Bible, and his servants around the world are helping people to find it by searching the Bible.

AUGUST

THE WATCHTOWER August 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 8 ENGLISH

CONTENTS OF THIS WATCH

Study Article October 5-11 | 2 Resist Satan's Deceptions—Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

Study Article October 12-18 | 8 You Can Win!

Study Article October 19-25 | 14 ‘I Ask You With Love’

Study Case October 26–November 1 | 20 Cherish Your “Privilege of Serving Jehovah.”

LIFE STORIES | 26 The Almighty Creator Came to Me

DO YOU KNOW? | 31 In ancient times, what happened at city gates?

A BIBLE TRUTH

The Tree that Wakes Up Early in the Morning

Some 30 trees mentioned in the Bible include the white sycamore tree. Trees that bloom just after winter are included. By the end of January, some of its beautiful red or white flowers have already appeared. The name of the tree literally means “awakening one” in Hebrew. Do you think this tree can tell us anything about the Creator?

Looking at Jeremiah 7:25, the footnote describes Jehovah as getting up early in the morning. The March 15, 2011, issue of The Watchtower states: “Just as the fig tree (the white sensation tree) ‘awakens’ early, so Jehovah seemed to ‘rise up early’ . . . to warn his people of the consequences of their disobedience. until the word that he has spoken comes true.”—Jer. 1:11,

The Bible sometimes likens the white flower of white emotions to the anxiety of old age. (Eccl. 12:5) Also, the lampstand in the tabernacle had bowls on its branches for pouring oil. The beauty of the chestnut flower may have been the reason why Jehovah told Bezalel to make the vessels in the shape of the chestnut flower.—Ex. 37:17-2

This book, we don’t sell. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People voluntarily donate to support the project. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Visit the jw.org website in English, or scan this icon with your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.08-E