SEPTEMBER

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

STUDY DATE: NOVEMBER 2–DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOVEMBER 2-8,

PSALM 3 Our Strength, Our Hope and Our Confidence

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

Why we can be sure that Jehovah will protect us today and in the future.

Be Assured of Jehovah's Protection

“You have said: 'Jehovah is my refuge.'”—PS. 91:9

WE ARE living in the time of the end, and the end of this world is near. Very soon, some great events will happen and shake the world. Jehovah will put his “counsel” into the hearts of the nations to give “their kingdom to the wild beast,” representing the United Nations.* (Rev. 17:17) This empowered wild beast will then unite with all the governments of the world; the worldwide false religion will be attacked and wiped out. (Rev. 17:16) That will be the beginning of the great tribulation. What will happen after that?

2 Other great events will follow. The nations of the world will unite to attack Jehovah’s people. (Ezek. 38:14-16) Why? The book True Worship—Jehovah Has Restored It! explains: “Satan will continue to pressure the nations, and they will set their sights on destroying Jehovah’s servants and wiping out true worship from the face of the earth.” That will lead to the unprecedented war of Armageddon. The heavenly armies, along with the 144,000 at the head of Jesus, will destroy this wicked system of things and usher us into the new world.—Rev. 16:14-16; 19:11-2

3 This world is where Jesus and the heavenly armies will come to destroy

* See “Questions From Readers” in the November 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

1-2 What big events will soon shake the world?

3. What will we consider in this study?

2

Should Armageddon frighten us? No! Why is it so? Because Jehovah has promised to protect us. That promise is found at Psalm 91:7 It says: “A thousand will fall at your very side, and ten thousand at your right hand; Let us take a closer look at Psalm 91 and answer the following questions: What protection does Psalm 91 offer? How does Jehovah protect us today? And how will he protect us in the future? Before answering those questions, let us first take a closer look at Psalm

A SONGS OF CONFIDENCE IN JEHOVAH'S PROTECTION

4 The words of Psalm 91 are summarized as follows: We can be confident of God’s protection. The 1st and 2nd verses show that the 1st and 2nd verses show that the 1st and 2nd verses are not the same as the 1st and 2nd verses. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Imagine that you are secure under the wings of the Almighty, the Most High. What’s better than this? (Ruth 2:12; Ps. 17:8) The words “refuge” and “fortress” remind us of the ancient city walls that protected the city and its inhabitants. Those who lived in the countryside also fled to the city for protection when attacked by enemies. In the following verses, the psalmist also uses examples to help us visualize how Jehovah protects his people.—Ps. 91:3-1

5 The last words of Psalm 91,

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 assure us of Jehovah’s protection?

5-6 What promise does Jehovah make at Psalm 91:14-16, and what assurance does it give us?

it is very comforting. There, the psalmist is not talking about how Jehovah will protect us. Rather, Jehovah himself is promising protection for his servants. (Read Psalm 91:14-16.) Also, note the following phrases: “I will rescue him,” “I will protect him,” “I will rescue him,” “I will stand by him,” “I will satisfy him with sleep.” Jehovah has promised to save his people because they trust in him, know his name, and call upon him. We can trust this promise of Jehovah. (Josh. 23:14) Jehovah's promises to protect his people are not mere words or lip service, for he is the One who is doing the work!—Num. 23:1

6 Jehovah had the words of Psalm 91 recorded because he knows that they can help us to have confidence in his protection. (Rom. 15:4) So we can echo the psalmist's words: “You are my refuge and my stronghold.” (Ps. 91:2) What protection can we expect from Jehovah?

WHAT SECURITY DOES PSALM 91 SAY JEHOVAH WILL PROVIDE FOR US?

7 Our publications have explained that Psalm 91 is Jehovah's promise of spiritual protection. We can be confident that Jehovah will provide us with everything we need to maintain our friendship with him. But is this song just about spiritual protection? No. This Psalm also shows us that if our enemies attack us, Jehovah will never allow all of his servants to be destroyed. Instead, he will protect us physically, and give us peace. Why are we saying that?

7. What protection does Psalm 91 foretell?

SEPTEMBER

3

8 Quoting Psalm 91:11, 12, Satan tempted Jesus by saying that if he threw himself off the temple battlement, Jehovah would send angels to protect him from harm. When he said that, let’s see how Jesus responded. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.) Jesus did not say: 'Satan, you are helping me! Those scriptures don't mean that Jehovah will protect me from harm or injury. Instead, Jesus said: "Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God." What can we learn from Jesus’ response to Satan?

9 Jesus knew that Jehovah sometimes raises up angels to protect God's people when they want to harm them. (2 Ki. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) Jesus knew that he could not expect angelic protection from Jehovah if he risked his life. Satan's quotation of Psalm 91 to show that Jehovah protects his servants physically is certainly true. However, it was completely wrong for him to ask Jesus to risk his life to test Jehovah.* Jesus' response to Satan helps us to understand Psalm 91 that Jehovah will protect his people from enemies. Besides, he will give us everything we need to keep our relationship with him, and he will give us peace.

10 Jehovah's promise in Psalm

* In the past, our publications have said that Psalm 91 is about Jehovah's promise of spiritual protection. It also explained that Satan supported the claim that Psalm 91 is a promise by Jehovah to protect his servants from harm or harm. See The Watchtower, Decem-ber 1, 1974, p. 722.

8-9 How did Jesus respond to Satan’s temptations, and what can we learn from Jesus’ response? (Matthew 4:5-7)

10. What confidence do we have?

it increases our trust in him. There are many ways to get away from these things, but the most important thing is to be able to do it yourself. Therefore, we need not be afraid of the big events that will soon shake the world. Let us consider how Jehovah protects us today, and how he will protect us in the future.

HOW DOES JEHOVAH PROTECT US TODAY?

11 Jehovah provides spiritual protection. This means that he helps us to fight anything that could damage our relationship with him. For example, we always need to fight against the sin inside us. Jehovah knows all about how sin can afflict us. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) Let us consider some of the ways in which Jehovah helps us to fight against sin.

12 Jehovah has given us his Word, the Bible. The Bible warns us against wrong desires, and it also shows us what we can do to fight them. Take, for example, Jesus’ words found at Matthew 5:28, (Read.) There Jesus said: "Whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart." What do we learn from this story?

13 Pornography can arouse wrong desires. Then when we face temptation to commit adultery, it will be easier to get rid of it. (Jas. 1:14, 15) To fight such wrong desires, we must be quick to apply Jesus' counsel, "if your right eye causes you to stumble, pluck it out and throw it away from you." One Bible scholar explained that it is like having surgery to remove a malignant disease

11. How does Jehovah protect us spiritually?

12-1 What will help us fight against wrong desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

THE WATCHTOWER

Through his organization, Jehovah provides us with books, videos, and other resources to help us stay spiritually strong (See paragraph 15)

in the 19th century. So we need to get rid of pornography, as if we were eradicating a terrible disease. (Col. 3:5) Applying this counsel protects us spiritually.

14 Jehovah gives us his holy spirit. Jehovah also uses his holy spirit to help us fight against sin. If we keep asking him for holy spirit, he will give it to us. (Luke 11:9-13) How does the holy spirit help us? “Keep walking by spirit and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all,” said the apostle Paul. (Gal. 5:16) The Bible study aid on this verse explains: “A person who walks by spirit seeks the guidance of God’s holy spirit, allowing it to influence his thoughts and actions. Jehovah's spirit does not eliminate wrong desires, but it can give us the strength to do what is right and to resist wrong desires. That will keep us in touch with Jehovah.

15 Jehovah helps us through his congregation. Through his organization, Jehovah provides us with timely publications, videos, and other material. This helps us to maintain a good relationship with him. Because of our imperfection and sinful nature, sometimes a sin is past

14. How does the holy spirit help us?

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (See also the photo.)

SEPTEMBER

power tormented us. Sometimes we can feel like no one cares about us. There are also times when anxiety can overwhelm us. Satan, “the Tempter,” will then use this method to make us feel that serving Jehovah is too difficult for us to give up. (Matt. 4:3; 6:13) Jehovah's organization has provided an abundance of spiritual food that assures us of Jehovah's forgiveness, of our value, and of his promise to provide for us. (Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Can you recall a time when you read something in a publication or watched a video that moved you to say, 'This is what they did for me'? Remember, Jehovah provides these information at the right time, so that we do not lose our relationship with him.

16 Jehovah protects his servants from the enemies who destroy us. However, Jehovah sometimes allows enemies to oppose us, even killing some of us, in order to prove Satan a liar. (Rev. 2:10; 6:9) But the few of our brothers whom Satan has caused to be killed by his enemies are few to him. His anger is no small matter, and he wishes that all of Jehovah's faithful servants would be destroyed. (Matt. 24:9; Rev. 12:9-12) But that will never happen! We are confident that Jehovah uses his angels to protect us from enemies so that we can continue to render sacred service to him.—Heb. 1:7,

17 Jehovah does not shield us from all calamity that befalls us as individuals. Applying Bible principles protects us from many potential harms and helps us cope with some of the problems we face. (Prov. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) In the meantime, however, we do not expect Jehovah to deliver us from every predicament. Because Satan has claimed that we serve Jehovah for his protection. So if Jehovah cuts us off from any calamity, it will convince humans and angels that Satan's lies are true. (Job 1:10, 11) Jehovah has been “slow to anger” against those who cause trouble for his servants, for he wants to sanctify his name and prove Satan a liar. (Rom. 9:22) But it is not long in its year; soon, Jehovah will intervene to end all suffering. Until then, Jehovah will give us the strength to endure and to maintain our relationship with him.—1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:1

HOW WILL JEHOVAH PROTECT US IN THE FUTURE?

18 After the great tribulation breaks out, Jehovah will continue to protect his people spiritually. Will he protect us physically? When the nations come together to attack Jehovah's servants, he will not hesitate to destroy us. (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Instead, he will use Jesus Christ and his heavenly armies to destroy our enemies. That will lead to the battle of Armageddon. (Rev. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah protect his people at Armageddon?

19 The destruction that will come upon Jehovah's enemies at Armageddon need not frighten us. Why is it so? For, we have made Jehovah our refuge and our stronghold. So we can

16. (a) What trials does Jehovah allow some of his servants to go through? (b) What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

The 17-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

18. How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

19-2 The destruction of Jehovah's enemies at Armageddon should not frighten us. (See also cover photo.)

6

THE WATCHTOWER

When Jesus and his heavenly armies destroy this world at Armageddon, not one of God's enemies will survive. But then, because we lie in Jehovah’s heart, he will not allow our enemies to kill any of us

have full confidence that when Jesus and his heavenly armies destroy this world at Armageddon, not one of God’s enemies will survive. (Jer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) But then, because we trust in Jehovah, he will not allow our enemies, whether demonic or human, to cause the death of any of us.—Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9

20 At Armageddon, the psalmist's words may be fulfilled before our eyes. “A thousand will fall at your side, and ten thousand at your right hand; but it will not come near you. You will see with your own eyes and see the retribution of the wicked. (Ps. 91:7-9) When the battle of Armageddon begins, we are confident that Jehovah will provide spiritual and physical protection and peace for each of us. Because you say: “Jehovah is my refuge,” Jehovah promises you, “it will not be near you.” So let us not fear what lies ahead. Even if we continue to rely on Jehovah and it turns out to be a stone, he will protect us.

COVER SUBJECT Front: At Armageddon, Jehovah will protect us from harm or harm, and he will give us peace.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What protection does Psalm 91 say Jehovah will provide?

■ How does Jehovah protect us today?

■ How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

PSALM 8 Jehovah Is Our Refuge

NOVEMBER 9-15,

PSALM 36 We Guard Our Heart

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

The ability to listen to the Lord with all your heart.

How to Listen to Jehovah Wholeheartedly

“Become obedient from the heart.”—ROM. 6:1

SOME people obey an elder or a ruler for the sake of getting it from him. Others, when they saw that people were watching, or that they were being treated by the law, were obedient. The religious leaders of Jesus’ day were like this, pretending to obey God’s laws in order to gain publicity. Some do the same today. (Matt. 23:5) For us, though, we obey Jehovah for one reason: his direction benefits us in all three ways. (Isa. 48:17, 18) But there is another fundamental reason why we obey Jehovah.

2 The primary reason we obey Jehovah is that we love him deeply. (Matt. 22:37, 38) Love moves us to “obey him wholeheartedly.” (Rom. 6:17) So whether we are alive or not, whether we are being watched or not, we obey Jehovah because we love him. But the reality is that our heart is treacherous, so it is not always easy for us to follow Jehovah’s guidance. In this article, we will consider two Bible examples that will help us to always obey Jehovah from the heart. First, we will consider the Israelites’ reaction to Jehovah’s deliverance from Egypt. Then we will look at a beautiful example of King Jehoshaphat of Judah.

THEY OBEYED BUT LATER DISOBEYED

3 Before Jehovah delivered the Israelites from Egypt, he gave them some otherwise difficult instructions

1. What makes some people obey elders or authorities?

2. What is the main reason for obeying Jehovah?

3. Why might the Israelites have found it difficult to obey the command to splash the blood of animals on their doorposts? (See also the photo.)

8

Despite the possible anger of the Egyptians, the Israelites obeyed Jehovah’s command (See paragraph 3)

they will be obeyed. To avoid the tenth plague, they had to sacrifice a sheep or a goat and splash its blood on their doorways. (Ex. 12:5, 7) If any Israelite obeyed that command, Jehovah would not kill the firstborn of any human or animal in his household. But the Israelites could have said that they feared that the Egyptians would do something to them if they obeyed that command. Why is it so? Because the Egyptians worshiped sheep. (Ex. 8:25-27) But the Israelites were not watching, they saw the need to obey Jehovah, so they “did just so.” (Ex. 12:28) Because of their obedience, Jehovah also spared the firstborn of each of them.

4 That very night, the Israelites left Egypt. Jehovah first told them to camp somewhere north of the Red Sea. Then he gave them a vague instruction. He told them to turn south and encamp between the Red Sea and the mountains. There, too, if Pharaoh and his army were to attack, they would have nowhere to go, for they would be caught between Pharaoh and his army and the Red Sea. Once again, the Israelites obeyed what Jehovah told them to do through Moses. (Ex. 14:1-4) But when the Israelites saw the Egyptians pursuing them, they “became frightened,” and they accused Moses of rescuing them from death. (Ex. 14:5-11) Why were they now repenting of their original obedience? How did Jehovah view their actions?

5 When the Israelites reached the Red Sea, they did not “understand the wonderful works of Jehovah,” or appreciate them, and “speak” of his unfailing love. (Read Psalm 106:7.) When Jehovah brought the tenth plague on the Egyptians, he protected the firstborn of the Israelites and their livestock before the Israelites could see it. But as much as Jehovah loved them, they did not see it that way, so they did not have faith in Jehovah’s ability to rescue them again. Jehovah saw that they had a wicked heart, so he viewed it as rebellion. As a result, Jehovah said, “they rebelled at the Red Sea.” Even after they followed Moses across the Red Sea, they did not change their attitude; they continued to disobey Jehovah.

4. What meaningless instructions did Jehovah give the Israelites after their Exodus from Egypt?

5. Why did Jehovah reject the Israelites? (Psalm 106:7)

SEPTEMBER

Eventually, Jehovah rejected all disobedient Israelites, not allowing any of them to enter the Promised Land. (Ps. 106:21, 24-26) What can we learn from their example?

LEARN FROM THE DISOBEDIENCE OF THE ISRAELITES

6 When Jehovah or those taking the lead give us direction, we might ask ourselves: 'Do I obey the direction because it is reasonable and beneficial? Some Israelites may have sprinkled the blood of a lamb on their doorposts simply to protect their firstborn from death. Also, we can ask ourselves, do we listen to Jehovah on the basis of what others do? On the night of the Passover, Jehovah gave the Israelites “the favor of the Egyptians,” making it easier for them to obey Jehovah and leave Egypt. (Ex. 12:36) Later, however, when the Egyptians pursued them to death, they did not put faith in Jehovah's ability to deliver them, so they rebelled. (Ex. 14:10-12) We do not want to imitate the Israelites. When Jehovah, or those taking the lead, give us direction, we will trust and obey them. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) Even if we feel that the counsel is unreasonable or if we follow it to the point of irritating our enemies, we will humbly obey. How can we be obedient and not make the same mistake as the Israelites?

7 Strengthen your love for Jehovah. When Jehovah's organization gives us direction that we do not understand, do not see how it will help us, or follow it with confusion,

it can be difficult to control. When that happens, we need to remember that we obey Jehovah out of deep love and trust in him. (1 John 5:3) Love for Jehovah helps us to wait patiently for clarity. In the end, we will see the value of obedience.—Eccl. 7:8; Micah 7:7

8 Today, we likewise humbly follow direction when we do not understand it or see how it will help us. For example, when COVID-19 hit, the keys were instructed to study on the phone or zoom. “When the new guidelines came out, I felt that our community was not doing enough,” said an elder in Peru. He was skeptical about the direction, but he was determined to obey God and trust in Him. (Prov. 3:5, 6) What was the result? “I have seen that Jehovah blesses obedience,” she says. “The faith of our congregation was strengthened, and it drew us closer together.” Let’s look at another example. Towards the end of 2020, the Board of Directors introduced a new plan. They said that groups and groups that study in a foreign language should not be disbanded and that some should not be added to other groups. A sister in Japan would also be affected. “I want to be obedient, and I don’t want to criticize the direction.

9 Be prepared for opposition. Today is the time to exert ourselves vigorously in the preaching work. Even if we do so in the future and people oppose us, we will not stop saying. In many lands, we are able to preach the good news without being harassed. It

6. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? (Jeremiah 23:4)

The 7-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

8. What did two brothers do to show that they wanted to listen to Jehovah?

9. What is the best way to prepare for opposition? (See also the photo.)

10 THE WATCHTOWER

even so, we need courage to preach the good news of the Kingdom, for we also often say that God will soon destroy this wicked world. If Armageddon is just around the corner, then we will stop preaching. (Matt. 24:14) Moreover, during the great tribulation, our message may be intense, not slow. This will give people the opportunity to show whether they will support human governments or God's Kingdom. Those who hate Jehovah will reject our message completely, for it will be like a great “trouble.”* (Rev. 16:21) They will become as angry with Jehovah and his people as Pharaoh was with the Israelites at the Red Sea. So no matter what people say, we must obey Jehovah and keep preaching the good news now. If we do, we are preparing for opposition.

IMITATE THE OBEDIENCE OF KING JEHOSHAPHAT

10 There are many examples of obedience in the Bible. One of them is

* See “Questions From Readers” in the August 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

10. How did King Jehoshaphat feel when other nations came together to fight against Judah?

King Jehoshaphat of Judah. In his day, three nations came together to fight against Judah. If you were Jehoshaphat, would you be afraid? So if Jehoshaphat and his people were rightly afraid. (2 Ki. 20:1-3) But the king was not intimidated; he let Jehovah tell him what to do. Let us see how Jehoshaphat trusted in Jehovah and what we can learn from him.

11. Be determined to seek and follow Jehovah’s guidance. When Jehoshaphat became afraid, “he set his face to search for Jehovah.” (2 Ki. 20:3) Jehoshaphat had always been in the habit of seeking Jehovah's guidance in all matters. (2 Ki. 19:3) So when the nations came together to attack Judah, David saw the need to seek Jehovah and obey whatever direction he gave him. Therefore, he prayed fervently to Jehovah. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) We too can pray for Jehovah's guidance and learn from him when we face problems. There is also a need to trust in his support. In this way, we are imitating Jehoshaphat.—Ps. 119:1

11. When Jehoshaphat was afraid, what did he do? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

By being an obedient voice, we are preparing for future opposition (See paragraph 9)

11

Elders obey Jehovah, the congregation, and their fellow elders (See paragraph 16)

12 Strive to study the Bible. Jehoshaphat's prayer reveals that he was well-versed in God's Word. Jehovah promised Abraham that the promised land would be given to his descendants. Jehoshaphat knew how that promise came true. (Gen. 12:7) Jehoshaphat's prayer was similar in content to Solomon's prayer at the dedication of the temple. (2 Ki. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) Jehoshaphat's knowledge helped him to trust in Jehovah and to be determined to obey him. We, too, have to keep learning more about the knowledge we have. (Matt. 13:52) Then, no matter what challenges we face, we will be determined to obey Jehovah.

13 Humble yourself. Jehoshaphat's prayer also reveals his humility. He was a king with a large army, so he could have confidently said that he did not need Jehovah's help. But he humbled himself and prayed before all the people, asking the Lord to help them, for they did not know what to do. (2 Ki. 20:12) Because of his humility, Jehoshaphat was quick to act on Jehovah's direction. We too will obey Jehovah under all circumstances if we are humble.—Phil. 2:5,

The 12-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

The 13-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

14 Be obedient, and others will watch and learn. Jehovah answered Jehoshaphat's prayer through the prophet Jahaziel. He gave Jehoshaphat clear instructions not to fight the people. The prophet Jahaziel told them: “Stand still and see the salvation of Jehovah in your behalf.” The Bible says that Jehoshaphat immediately “bowed down with his face to the earth.” When he did, the whole crowd also “bowed down . . . and worshiped Jehovah.” The next day Jehoshaphat and his people went out to meet the enemy. “Have faith in Jehovah” and “in his prophets,” he told the people.—2 Ki. 20:14-2

15 With great faith, Jehoshaphat “took counsel with the people,” appointing men to sing “at the head of the fighting force.” (2 Ki. 20:21) Notice, too, that he consulted the people before making that decision. His actions encouraged his people to trust in Jehovah and to obey him. With Jehovah's blessing, too, the enemies turned around and killed one another.—2 Ki. 20:22-2

14. How did Jehoshaphat react to Jehovah’s direction, and how did it affect the people?

15. What is the greatest faith of Jehoshaphat?

12 THE WATCHTOWER

16 Elders, parents, and those taking the lead can imitate Jehoshaphat. His heartfelt obedience helped his people to be obedient as well. His reaction is comparable to that of King Solomon. While Solomon was serving Jehovah, he asked Jehovah to give him a humble heart so that he could rule his people well. He wanted to judge the nation according to Jehovah’s wisdom. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Jehoshaphat too humbly listened to God's prophet. Then he consulted with his people before making a very important decision, and he encouraged them to follow Jehovah’s direction. Elders also imitate Jehoshaphat. So before making any decision that affects the congregation, they consult God's Word, the Bible, and congregation publications for Jehovah's guidance. They also listen to the opinions of other adults-

mean. (Prov. 15:22) By their words and deeds, they encourage God's people to listen to Jehovah from the heart. Parents, too, need to remember that their children will look after them and learn from them, so if they obey Jehovah, it will be easier for their children to obey him.—Prov. 1:8; 14:1

17 Wherever the course may lead us, we must rely on Jehovah, seek his guidance, and obey him. If we do, he won’t let us down either. Just as he did for his people in ancient times, he provides direction for his servants today through the Governing Body and congregation elders. We should obey the direction, even if we do not understand it or see how it will help us. Let us remember that Jehovah’s ways and power are far superior to ours. (Isa. 55:9) So let us continue to obey Jehovah with all our heart.

16. How can parents and leaders imitate Jehoshaphat? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also photo.)

The 17-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What can we learn from the disobedience of the Israelites on the Exodus from Egypt?

■ How did Jehoshaphat show that he was “lowly in heart”?

■ How can we imitate Jehoshaphat?

PSALM 88 Teach Me Your Ways

NOVEMBER 16-22,

Preaching the Good News in “All the Languages ​​of the Nations.”

SONGS 84 We Will Support the Work

CONTENTS OF THIS STUDY We will see how Jehovah's Witnesses have fulfilled the prophecy of Zechariah 8:2

“Ten men out of all the languages ​​of the nations will grab hold of the skirt of a Jew.”—ZECH. 8:2

WHEN the rebels were building the tower of Babel, Jehovah confused their language, causing the project to collapse. As a result, people were scattered all over the earth, each speaking a different language. (Gen. 11:6-9) But Jehovah has promised to gather “a great crowd, which no man is able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues” to pass through the great tribulation into the new world. (Rev. 7:9, footnote, 10, 14) How will all these tongues put faith in Jehovah for deliverance during the great tribulation? Except that we now strive to preach the good news to them in their native tongue. (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) What a privilege it is to share in this lifesaving work!

2 Centuries before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, Jehovah had the prophet Zechariah foretell that “many nations will actually join themselves to Jehovah, and they will actually become his people.” (Zech. 2:11) clothes saying: “We want to go with you, because

1. Why is it so important to preach the gospel in many languages? (Romans 10:13, 14)

2. What prophecy did Jehovah inspire the prophet Zechariah to utter?

14

for we have heard that God is with you people.”’” (Zech. 8:23) Today, this prophecy is being fulfilled. Let us see what each of us can do to fulfill the prophecy.

PREACHING THE GOSPEL TO “TEN PEOPLE OF ALL THE LANGUAGES”

3 The “Jew” mentioned in Zechariah's prophecy represents those anointed with holy spirit. They are also the ones the Bible calls “the Israel of God.” (Gal. 6:16) These have the heavenly hope. (Heb. 3:1) Who are the “ten men” mentioned in the prophecy? They are the meek ones whose hope is to live forever on earth in Paradise. They come from different countries, and each speaks a different language.

4 When Christ appointed “the faithful and discreet slave” in 1919, the need for a greater work was recognized. To accomplish this task, the Bible's message needed to be translated into many languages. (Matt. 24:45) The Bible Students had begun to produce a video about creation in many countries. The video was called the “Photo-Drama of Creation.” But the faithful slave saw the need to expand their boundaries. In 1921, for example, the Bible study aid The Harp of God was released. Later, it was translated into more than 36 languages. In 1935 the faithful slave discerned that a “great crowd” would live on earth forever. These people are like “ten men out of all the languages ​​of the nations.” This made the leaders of the day realize that they needed to work hard to reach as many people as possible. So arrangements were made to preach the good news throughout the earth. That would fulfill Zechariah's prophecy.

“YOUR COUNTRY WILL BE COMPLETELY DEDICATED”

5 As they diligently preached the good news, they found many honesthearted people of all languages. As Isaiah prophesied, many people from all nations wanted to come to Jehovah’s feet for instruction. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) As a result, God’s people have “offered themselves willingly” to teach these sincere people. Our work includes translating, publishing, and making Bible literature available to everyone. (Ps. 68:11; 110:3) In addition, we have developed the jw.org website, as well as the JW Library® app. This helps more people to hear the good news in their native tongue.

6 The spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave class benefits people of many nations and language groups. One way to show our appreciation for the faithful slave is by making voluntary contributions to the worldwide preaching work. Thanks to such contributions, as well as the efforts of our brothers, we have been able to produce Bible literature in over 1,100 languages. As a result, thousands are baptized each year.

7 Today, although the world says

3. Who today are represented by “a Jew” and “ten men” in Zechariah’s prophecy?

4. When Christ appointed “the faithful and discreet slave” in 1919, what did they recognize?

5-6 How is Isaiah 2:2-4 being fulfilled today? (See also the photo.)

7. How does the fulfillment of the prophecies of Zechariah and John affect us? (Revelation 14:6)

SEPTEMBER

The spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave class benefits people of many nations and languages ​​(See paragraphs 5-6)

many languages, but that is not a road-side for us. Because Jehovah's organization has made arrangements to preach the good news in every language. The angels help us to preach the “everlasting good news” to “every nation and tribe and tongue and people.” (Read Revelation 14:6.) The prophecies of Zechariah and John are being fulfilled today. They also inspire confidence in God’s organization through which he is proclaiming the gospel.

power again to make all people speak the same language. He gave Jesus' disciples the ability to speak in tongues that they had never spoken before. (Acts 2:4-10) Why? Because, he wanted the disciples to tell the crowds “the magnificent things of God” in their own language. (Acts 2:11) Today, we have a wide variety of translated publications and videos. So in a way, it’s like we’re teaching them in their anka-sa native language.

9 It is vital that people hear the good news in their own language. Let’s look at this comparison. Imagine that you have traveled abroad and have a serious illness that requires medical attention. Unfortunately, you do not understand the doctor's language, so you will need someone to interpret it. That is exactly what many people are in today; for what they are going through, they need it

THE MIRACLES OF JEHOVAH PERFORMING IN OUR TIME

8 At Pentecost 33 CE, Jehovah miraculously showed us that just as he confused the language of all mankind at Babel, he would

8. What miracle did Jehovah perform at Pentecost 33 CE?

9. How to witness to people who do not speak our language?

16 THE WATCHTOWER

comfort and hope. The solution to their problem is in the Bible. So even when we meet someone who speaks a different language, we can use the Bible to help him find comfort and hope. To help us do this, we have books, videos, and more in many languages.

How can we make better use of our publications and the JW Library app? Consider the experience of Robert, who speaks English. Once while witnessing in a harbor, he met a man from Türkiye who was working in a hyep. The man did not speak much English, so Robert gave him the Good News From God! brochure in Türkiye. Robert was very familiar with the booklet, so he was able to show him sections he could read. The man asked some questions about the world, and Robert helped him find answers in Türkiye using the JW Library app. “Well, this is because you hear my native tongue!” the man exclaimed, surprised. “We talked for about an hour,” says Robert. “At the end of the conversation, he realized that the Bible is a valuable book and that he could apply its teachings in his life.” It is a great privilege to help people understand the Bible in their own language.

11 You may be surprised at the benefits that can come from handing someone a tract, or showing him something to read on jw.org in his own language. So you can set a goal to witness to someone who does not understand your language.

10-11. What do we learn from the experience of Robert? What do we also learn from Youa’s experience in the box “He Struggled With Happiness but Found Hope”?

And Neej huam tshab Qab Ntut Tshiab thiab Fasting

He Had Struggled With Happiness But He Found Hope

Youa was a woman who had come from her hometown to the United States, and life was not going well for her. He did not speak English; He spoke only Hmong. Her husband would not allow her to read any books, not even the Bible. “I was down with happiness and peace,” he says. One day, an English-speaking sister sent him a tract entitled Life in a Peaceful New World in Hmong. The Bible text he read in the pamphlet had never heard of anything like it. Its contents touched his heart; it gave him hope for a better future. He kept the tract in his possessions for many years. She often read, but she did not let her husband see the background. One of her daughters soon learned the truth, and she took Youa to a Hmong-language class. A Bible study was arranged. A tract in her native tongue helped her to come to know Jehovah, and she began to serve him.

SEPTEMBER

WE HELP PEOPLE EVERYWHERE TO KNOW JEHOVAH'S NAME

12 Translation of the Bible did not begin today.* The translators worked hard to make it available to as many people as possible in their own language. That is why today, we are all able to learn the word of God in our native tongue. In recent years, one publication that has helped to unite Jehovah's people worldwide is the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures. Consider what an elder in Nepal said about this translation. “Every time I read this Bible in my native tongue, it makes me feel like Jehovah is talking to me personally. We have translated the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, in whole or in part, into over 300 languages. Because Jehovah's servants around the world use this translation, we all agree. And despite the different languages ​​we each speak, we all teach the same Bible message. Because the translation of the Bible we use is accurate and clear. (1 Cor. 1:10) However, there are many other features of this translation that also give it a day.

13 Not all Bible translations contain the divine name, Jehovah. However, the New World Translation

* About 150 years before Christ, the entire Hebrew Scriptures were translated into Greek; it is called the Greek Septuagint. That was the first translation of the Bible.

12. How has the New World Translation helped Jehovah’s people?

13. Why is God’s name not in many Bible translations?

what you will find to be true. 100 years ago, Jehovah's name was readily available in Bible translations, especially in the Hebrew Scriptures. But the clergy of Christendom, who claim to represent God, do not pronounce God’s name, Jehovah. Also, they don’t want people to see it, let alone play it. The Catholic Church has thus removed God's name from all its Bibles and publications.* Many churches have done the same. The New World Translation, however, has restored God's name, Jehovah, wherever it appears, regardless of the language in which it is translated. Why is it important for people to know God’s name? Let’s take a look.

14 The Bible highlights the importance of knowing and using God's name. For example, the book of Psalms says that we should “praise the name of Jehovah.” (Ps. 135:1) Jesus, too, when teaching his disciples how to pray to Jehovah, said: “Let your name be sanctified.” On another occasion, he prayed: “I have made your name known.” (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) The apostle Paul also quoted the prophet Joel: “Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved.” (Rom. 10:13) But how can those who use Bible translations that have omitted God's name comply with this command?

15 Most of the Jehovah’s Witnesses in

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI decreed in the Catholic Church that “the name of God should not be used in liturgy, hymns or prayers.” See the October 1, 1997, issue of The Watchtower, p. 16-18, p. 4-8 the same.

14. Why is it important for people to know and use the name of God?

15. How do we feel about the name Jehovah?

18 THE WATCHTOWER

the world today has a better translation of the Bible in their native tongue. This enables us to praise God's great name and to see the need to trust in him. How grateful we are to know God's name and what it stands for!—Prov. 18:10; Yes, it is. 56:6

16 The Bible foretells that soon Jehovah will have a confrontation with “the kings of the entire inhabited earth.” Why? (Rev. 16:14) Then, the Lord will protect those who know and trust in Him. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3.) But those who do not acknowledge Jehovah as their Father and God will come to realize that Jehovah is the Almighty when the time comes for him to act. Jehovah has foretold: “I shall certainly magnify myself and sanctify my name and make myself known before the eyes of many nations, and they will have to know that I am Jehovah.” (Ezek. 38:23) How happy Jehovah's servants will be at that time, knowing that Jehovah is their Friend who will act to deliver them!—Mal. 3:1

16. Why is this especially important for people to know Jehovah? (John 17:3)

17 What a privilege it is to help fulfill the prophecy recorded at Zechariah 8:2 We have the privilege of working with not only our brothers but also the angelic hosts in heaven. Through them, Jehovah helps us to reach people of all languages ​​everywhere on earth. Jehovah has also given us everything we need to preach the good news to people of all nations, tribes, and tongues. So let’s try to make the most of these things. That will help us to help more people to come to serve our merciful, patient, and impartial God, Jehovah. Until Jehovah's name is sanctified, let us zealously preach the good news and make it known to all mankind.—Luke 11:2

17. What is the opportunity for the

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ Who are represented by “a man of Judah” and “ten men” mentioned at Zechariah 8:23?

■ What has made it possible for people of all languages ​​to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why is it important for people to know and use Jehovah’s name?

PSALM 57 We Preach the Good News to All Men

NOVEMBER 23-29,

PSALM 107 A Pattern of Love

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

The priesthood arrangement of Yeho-wa, how it helps us draw close to him.

The Priesthood Is a Revelation of Jehovah's Love

“Every high priest taken from among men is appointed in behalf of men.”—HEB. 5:1

MAN needs help! Whether we like it or not, we all need help. Why is it so? Because we are all sinners. Because of inherited sin, mankind is alienated from God. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) Because of sin, it seems that a chasm has been created between us and God, and without help we cannot cross it on our own. Without Jehovah in our lives, we will have no good happiness in life. Moreover, we will have no hope, and we will shake our heads. What does Jehovah do to help us?

2 Jehovah has provided a means of deliverance from sin; that is the order of the priesthood. This arrangement helped the ancient Israelites, and it benefited the early Christians. This arrangement is still valid today. In this article, we will consider how faithful men and women of old benefited from the priesthood. We will also look at how the priesthood system helps us today, and how it will help us in the future. Finally, we will see how the priesthood is an expression of Jehovah’s great love for us.

1. Why do all humans desperately need help?

2. What will we consider in this study?

20

Sin created a great gulf between us and Jehovah; the priesthood system has become a breeze to approach (See paragraph 3)

HOW THE PRIESTS HELPED THE ANCIENT ISRAELITES

3 The apostle Paul explained why Jehovah appointed Israel as High Priest. (Read Hebrews 5:1.) Jehovah wanted the Israelites to draw close to him. The High Priest was one who "performed the ministry of God on behalf of men." So for those who wanted to serve Jehovah, the High Priest and the priests had become like a bridge to Jehovah.

4 The priesthood helped the Israelites to worship Jehovah acceptably in two basic ways. First, the priests represented God in teaching the people. How was it done? Malachi 2:7 says: "For the lips of a priest should keep knowledge, and they should seek the law at his mouth: for he is the messenger of the LORD of hosts." Therefore, the priests were responsible for explaining the Mosaic Law to the nation of Israel so that they could understand it and apply it. In the days of Nehemiah, for example, 13 Levites assisted Ezra the priest in explaining the Law to the people. They explained it clearly, and helped the people understand what they read. This helped the Israelites to apply God's laws and to draw close to him.—Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8

5 Second, the priests helped the people to become reconciled to Jehovah. How was it done? Animal sacrifices were offered to atone for the sins of the nation. The Israelites knew that they were always making mistakes, so they would need forgiveness. (Ps. 51:9) That is why Jehovah gave them a priesthood with animal sacrifices. How happy the sincere Israelites must have been to experience Jehovah's forgiveness! So the priesthood system is a sign of Jehovah’s presence

3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how did the priesthood help the Israelites to draw close to Jehovah? (See also the photo.)

4. What did the priests do on behalf of God for the Israelites?

5. How did the priests in Israel help the people to become reconciled to Jehovah? What does this tell us about Jehovah?

SEPTEMBER

love, compassion, concern for his servants, and ultimately the desire for them to live forever.

HOW JEHOVAH USED PRIESTS IN THE PAST, HOW HE USES THEM TODAY, AND HOW HE WILL USE THEM IN THE FUTURE

6 Jehovah's heart is set on peace among his servants. So in ancient times, long before Israel became a nation, family heads often made sacrifices for themselves and their families. For example, when Noah came out of the ark, he offered sacrifices to thank Jehovah. (Gen. 8:20) Abraham also built altars and offered sacrifices to Jehovah. (Gen. 12:7, 8) Job also offered burnt offerings to his children. (Job 1:5) That is why, according to the Bible, some were called priests long before the Levites became priests in Israel. Jehovah told the Israelites that “the priests or the heads of the paternal houses who come near before Jehovah regularly must sanctify themselves, that Jehovah may not put them to death.” (Ex. 19:2

7 The first man to be called a priest in the Bible was Melchizedek. (Gen. 14:18) He was also a king. Jehovah promised that the Messiah would be king and priest in the manner of Melchizedek, and mankind would benefit from his rule forever.—Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:1

8 As noted earlier, when Jehovah organized the Israelites into his nation, he gave them a priesthood and the Mosaic Law. The Law specified the duties of the priests. Jehovah appointed Moses’ brother, Aaron, as High Priest, and said that anyone who served as High Priest or priest must be a descendant of Aaron. (Ex. 40:12-15) The High Priest offered sacrifices on behalf of the nation, and other Levites assisted the priests in offering sacrifices on behalf of individuals. Jehovah gave specific instructions about the types of sacrifices, the purpose, and the manner in which they were to be offered. This plan, was a preview of something to come.

9 At his baptism, Jesus became High Priest of Jehovah's great spiritual temple. (Heb. 8:1) Later, Jesus offered up his perfect human life once for all time. The animal sacrifices offered by the priests to the Israelites were nowhere near as good as Jesus' sacrifice. Jesus is still the High Priest, and he has gone to serve as a bridge to God. (Heb. 9:24) Along with our High Priest, Jesus, the 144,000 anointed ones will serve as priests and kings in God's Kingdom. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) After their resurrection to heaven, they will share with God and Christ in helping faithful humans to reach perfection and transforming the earth into a paradise. We are looking forward to the completion of that project in time!

10 Throughout history, Jehovah has used the priesthood to enable his worshipers to draw close to him and enjoy a peaceful relationship with him. The sacrifices offered by the priests made the Israelites aware of their need for redemption. During Christ's Millennial Reign, Jesus and the 144,000 will continue to serve as priests until he helps to restore all mankind to perfection. How does this arrangement help us draw closer to Jehovah? Let’s take a look at some of them.

6. In ancient times, what role did family heads play that was similar to that of the priests?

7. Who is Melchizedek, and how is he like the Messiah?

8. What was the priesthood arrangement in the Mosaic Law?

9-10. Who will rule with Jesus during the Millennial Reign?

22 THE WATCHTOWER

HOW THE PRIESTHOOD DRAWS US CLOSE TO JEHOVAH

11 The priesthood arrangement shows that Jehovah wants us to draw close to him and have a close relationship with him. Although sin has separated us from Jehovah, he is eager to restore us to him. Jehovah wants us to be close to him, to have his approval, to have a friendship with him, and to have everlasting life. (2 Cor. 5:18) He knows that we are not sinners of our own free will; it has been passed down to us by our ancestor Adam. He has compassion for us, and he wants to help each of us to repair our relationship with him. When we think about all of this, it moves our hearts to love Jehovah more.

12 Jesus too wants us to have a close relationship with Jehovah. As High Priest, Jesus acts as “helper with the Father” in our behalf. (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25.) What factors might Jesus consider when he prays for you? He may look at your background, upbringing, health, and problems you may have experienced. He may also look at your good conduct, and your faithfulness to Jehovah. Since Jesus sees the heart, surely he sees all our prayers for forgiveness. Also, he notices our efforts to do what is right, and he may look after that too in our behalf. So we can be sure that when Jesus intercedes for us, Jehovah will hear, for he is merciful and ready to forgive. (Ps. 86:5) In fact, Jehovah provided Jesus as our Savior.

13 The priesthood system reveals,

11. How does the priesthood arrangement show that Jehovah wants us to draw close to him and have a relationship with him?

12. How is it comforting to know that Jesus is High Priest and intercedes for us? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also picture.)

13. According to Hebrews 4:16, what other benefits does the priesthood provide?

When our High Priest Jesus intercedes for us, he looks at our good conduct, our faithfulness to Jehovah, our prayers for forgiveness, and our efforts to do what is right (See paragraph 12)

Jehovah wants us to speak to him from our heart. (Read Hebrews 4:16.) As High Priest, Jesus can approach Jehovah in heartfelt prayer at any time. Jehovah is pleased when he sees that we are speaking to him from our heart. We are a sign of faith and trust in him. Sometimes grief can just overwhelm us and we don’t know how to express ourselves to him. (Rom. 8:26) All in all, Jehovah understands us and listens to our requests. So when we are going through a problem, we should never hesitate to pour out our heart to our heavenly Father. Because he loves us, and our word is his word.

14 The priesthood is a sign of Jehovah's will for us to live forever. (Ezek. 33:11) The animal sacrifices offered by God's people in ancient times could not provide complete atonement for their sins. (Heb. 7:19) Rather, it was a shadow of the perfect sacrifice that Christ Jesus would provide in the future. Because of Jesus’ sacrifice, God can forgive our sins completely. It also gives us the hope of eternal life if we serve Jehovah faithfully. How grateful we are that Jehovah will use this priesthood to give us everlasting life! 4:1

15 The appointment of Jesus as a priesthood is a testimony to Jehovah's love for us. Just as Jesus was faithful to death, so the anointed must be faithful to death. (Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) They must strive to be faithful to Jehovah under all circumstances. Because of the faithfulness of Jesus and the 144,000, we can be confident that during Christ's Millennial Reign, we will be progressively raised to perfection. By the end of the Millennium, sin, imperfection, and sickness will all be gone. They will also work with Jesus to make the whole earth a paradise and to fulfill all of Jehovah's promises. All of this will be made possible by means of Jesus' ransom sacrifice.—Rev. 22:1,

16 Our High Priest, Jesus, understands whatever trials we may face, for he himself experienced them while on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed? Remember, Jesus felt the same way. (John 4:6) Have you ever been so hungry, so thirsty, that your whole mouth is dry? Again, Jesus knows what it is like. (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28) Have you ever been opposed or rejected because you are one of Jehovah's Witnesses? Jesus was treated the same way. (Isa. 50:6; John 15:20) Or have you lost a loved one in death? Jesus has also been satisfied; he lost his friend Lazarus, and his father, Joseph, likely died. No matter what you are going through or what has happened to you, you can be sure that our High Priest, Jesus, understands and cares for you.

17 The 144,000, who will join Jesus in helping mankind to perfection, will also understand us. Why is it so? Because they were once men and women with sins and imperfections just like us. So, they understand how we make mistakes that our conscience can torment. Also, whether sickness, grief, or anxiety-

14. What is the value of the sacrifice of Jesus?

15. What does it mean that Jehovah has appointed a priesthood with Jesus? Explain the value.

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 show that Jesus is the most qualified High Priest?

17. How do we know that the anointed will understand us?

24 THE WATCHTOWER

thought or torture, they have experienced it all. Each comes from a different background, culture, time period, and experience. So whatever you are going through, it is likely that someone of the 144,000 has gone through it.

18 The priesthood arrangement we have considered is a testimony to Jehovah's love, mercy, and understanding. Satan constantly accuses us, but Jehovah trusts us. (Rev. 12:10) This study has helped us to see what Jehovah has done to help us draw close to him and develop a close friendship with him. This is a great indication of Jehovah's love and willingness to forgive. So we too should do our best to become his friend.

19 This article has helped us to see that if we at times feel unworthy because of our sins, we can be sure that Jehovah understands us. This is because he knows that we are dust. (Ps. 103:14) But Jehovah looks beyond our faults and looks for the good in us, the good that we can accomplish in the future. So if we feel unworthy because of our mistakes, let us remember that Jehovah “is greater than our hearts and knows all things.”—1 John 5:1 3:2

20 We have seen that the heart of Jehovah is to use the priesthood to worship him acceptably. We are so grateful to Jehovah for the priesthood. Because that arrangement has become like a breezy approach. So let’s apply the counsel of Hebrews 4:1 It says: “Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.”

18. What qualities of Jehovah has the priesthood revealed, and how does that make you feel?

19. How do we know that Jehovah understands us?

20. Why are you so grateful to Jehovah for the priesthood arrangement, and what are you determined to do?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ How does the priesthood system help us to serve God acceptably?

■ How has Jehovah used the priesthood from ancient times to the present?

■ How does the priesthood help you draw closer to Jehovah?

PSALM 16 Praise Jehovah For His Anointed One

NOVEMBER 30-DECEMBER 6,

PSALM 22 The Kingdom Rules—Let It Come!

WHAT THIS ARTICLE WILL CONTENT We will consider how we can resist three things that can slowly erode our relationship with Jehovah.

Beware of Being Deceived by “the Spirit of the World.”

“All that is in the world . . . does not originate with the Father.”—1 JOHN 17:2 2:1

THE Bible reveals that Satan rules this world. (John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) Christ’s followers are his main target. (Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) This does not mean, however, that Satan is everywhere. The fact is, whether good angels or bad angels, the Bible does not say that some of them can be here, again somewhere else at the same time. But Satan works with the demonic forces. (Rev. 12:9) Moreover, the world's spirit, promoted by Satan, is pervasive, influencing most people without their even realizing it. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) Even those who do not believe in Satan are influenced by the spirit of the world. In a sense, it is as if “they have been seized by the Devil.”—2 Tim. 2:2

2 Many of us were once influenced by the spirit of the world. But once we discovered who was behind that spirit, what did we do? Wanting to be guided by Jehovah's spirit, we applied the Bible's counsel to “abstain from fornication and from worldly desires.” (Titus 2:11, 12) Despite Satan's vast power and his

1. How does Satan get people today? (1 John 2:15, 16) 2-3 (a) What also distinguishes those who love Jehovah from those who are influenced by “the spirit of the world”? (b) 100% cotton fabric.

26

The spirit of the world is like a bad breath, and it is very easy to breathe in (See paragraph 5)

the spirit is everywhere, we still apply this Bible counsel. That means we don’t want to be separated from God. (Jas. 4:7, 8) How commendable it is that Jehovah's servants are determined to resist the spirit of the world!

3 But because we are born in sin, we fall into sin, so we must be careful. Otherwise, we can be slowly robbed by the evils of the world. Sadly, some who initially resisted the spirit of the world have later succumbed to it. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) This article will help us to see how we can avoid that outcome. First, though, let us consider this: What does the Bible mean by “the spirit of the world”?—1 Cor. 2:1

WHAT IS “THE SPIRIT OF THE WORLD”?

4 The Bible calls the thinking and actions of the ungodly “the spirit of the world.” Those who are influenced by the spirit of the world are selfish. They often ignore God’s laws. They are not ashamed to do things that God condemns. They have nothing to do with what God wants; instead, they follow “the desires of the nations.”—1 Pet. 4:3

5 One of Satan's principal means of “misleading the entire inhabited earth” is the spirit of the world

4. What is “the spirit of the world,” and what are its influences?

5. How is the world's spirit like “the wind,” and why must we be on guard against breathing it? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also picture.)

SEPTEMBER

that spirit is like “the wind.” (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) Is that not a fitting comparison? Air is everywhere, but breathing bad air can make us sick. The spirit of the world is also like a bad wind; breathing it in can damage our relationship with Jehovah. In this article, we will look at what can cause us to breathe some of this air when we are not awake. We will also see how we can avoid such a situation.

BUT KASAFI

6 The Bible foretold that during the time of the end, people would be “lovers of themselves, lovers of money, For example, sometimes when two people are discussing something, you may look at it as nothing, but it can turn into an argument or a fight; we often hear reports of such events on TV or radio. And if you go to some families, it’s just noise; you will see the husband suffer for his wife, and the wife for her husband. So do the kids. Today, whether you meet an adult or a child, there is only judgment and gossip. (Eph. 5:3, 4) If this is not the spirit of the world, what is it?

7 As Christians, we should always use gracious speech, whether we are speaking on the telephone or face-to-face. (Jas. 1:26, 27) To examine our speech, we might ask ourselves: 'When I am with others, especially those who do not know that I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses, do I use harsh words? And when I am talking to brothers, do I tend to say hurtful or kind things? What about my family, do I send them some? What would they say if I asked them what my mouth was like?'

8 What should we do if we detect that the spirit of the world is taking a toll on our speech? We need to be quick to make changes. However, it is not just our mouth that needs to be watched. Why is it so? “The things proceeding out of the mouth come out of the heart, and those things defile a man,” said Jesus. (Matt. 15:18) Jesus' words show that what comes out of our mouth reveals what is in our heart. That’s why the Bible says that “slander” is associated with anger, bitterness, and hatred. (Eph. 4:31) If you find that any of these traits are taking a toll on you, pray to Jehovah for help to put on “the new personality.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) You can also do research in our publications. Gradually, be determined not to allow the spirit of the world to corrupt your conduct or speech.—Eph. 4:2

STAY AWAY FROM IMMORTALITY

9 Today, the world's spirit, influenced by the spirit of the world, reflects what Jehovah hates. Abortion, homosexuality, and rape are said to be harmless. (Isa. 5:20) So if we are not careful, the spirit of the world will gradually infect us with the things that Jehovah hates

6. How does the world’s spirit influence people to speak?

7. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

8. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. What has the world's spirit fostered in people regarding what Jehovah hates?

28 THE WATCHTOWER

has made us interested. (2 Cor. 11:3) We might even come to the conclusion that those who do so are open-minded and that the Bible is outdated. But it’s all a hoax! Whatever Jehovah asks of us, it is for our own good. Jehovah's ways are higher than our ways, and his word never fails. "Yes. 48:17, 18; 55:9

10. If we want to please Jehovah, we must hate what he hates. (Ps. 97:10) To help us do that, we might ask ourselves: 'Do I feel that I am too restricted by Jehovah's laws to live my own life? Do I choose to entertain myself with things that Jehovah hates? I wish he had changed some of Jehovah's laws, so that I could do what I wanted?'

11 Do you ever find yourself tempted to do what Jehovah hates? If so, do not hastily conclude that you will never be able to live by Jehovah's laws. Remember, no one is free; we all fall into sin. (Ps. 51:5; 103:14) But if you wanted to, you could follow your desires and sin. (Eph. 2:3) Also, do not allow wrong desires to dominate your thinking. Sometimes if you decide to do something that Jehovah hates, immediately get rid of it from your mind and heart. If you also catch sight of something that Jehovah hates, remove it immediately. (Gen. 39:9, 12) Meditating on the consequences of giving in to wrong desires will strengthen your resolve to avoid them. (Eph. 5:5) Be assured that Jehovah will also help you to resist sin.

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100% and the value is 100%.

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

AVOID THE DANGERS OF THE INTERNET

12 For many of us, the Internet plays a very important role in our daily lives. Some of the things we do in our religion, too, the same Internet. But much of what is available on the Internet is posted by those who are influenced by the spirit of the world. For example, pornography is rampant on the Internet, and it is easily accessible to both adults and children. Pornography is often used by people, especially young people. Also, many of the information on the Internet is false and deceptive. Others have been spilled or blindfolded and left. Moreover, photos and videos of people's lives and accomplishments are posted on social media. Looking at such pictures and videos can make us feel that it doesn’t matter if we push our religion aside, to have more fun and even travel. —Heb. 10:24,

13 Anything on the Internet that can consume a lot of our time, or distract us, we need to be careful about. To help us do that, we might ask ourselves, 'How much time do I spend surfing the Internet when I am not going for a specific reason?' If I see something inappropriate there, do I quickly turn my eyes away?” (Ps. 119:37) “Whatever I see or read on it, I almost believe, or sing

12. How is the world's spirit manifested on the Internet?

13. How to determine the appropriateness of your use of the Internet?

SEPTEMBER

do I patiently search for the truth?'—Prov. 14:1

14 To resist the spirit of the world, we need to control the amount of time we spend online. Also, we should not look at anything unchristian. Besides, parents should be very careful about what their children watch on social media. (Eph. 6:4) Research shows that youths who spend too much time online are more likely to become lonely or depressed. By applying Bible counsel, you can avoid the dangers of the Internet.

14. How to avoid the dangers of the Internet?

YOU CAN WIN!

15 If you sense that you are being influenced by the spirit of the world, take immediate action. Consider Gloria.* When she learned the truth at an early age, she was deceived by worldly prominence and the desire for money. “I wanted to be rich, so I started skipping classes, and soon I stopped serving Jehovah,” she says. At some point, Gloria realized that the world's spirit had influenced her goals. What did he do about it? “I started spending more time in private study, and I started praying more,” she says.

* Names in this study have been changed.

15. What do you learn from Gloria’s experience? (See also the photo.)

How can you resist the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15)

30 THE WATCHTOWER

I also cut off my association with those who did not serve Jehovah. Now I am happy, because I have a good relationship with Jehovah. I am happy that I have been freed from the spirit of the world, and that Jehovah is guiding me instead.”

16 Consider also Robert's experience. While in school, he didn’t make good friends. He also enjoyed improper entertainment. Eventually, he took drugs, drank, and had sex. “I felt that I could do whatever made me happy,” she says. But he realized that this was, not a freedom, but a slave to the world. (2 Pet. 2:19) What did he do about it? “Now I have only those who love Jehovah as my friends,” says Robert. “I have changed my lifestyle; How does Robert feel now? “When I wake up each morning and realize that my lifestyle now pleases Jehovah, it gives me peace of mind, and the joy I feel is beyond compare.

17 What has this study helped us to discover? We have come to realize that we must resist the spirit of the world. There are many ways to get around this, but the most important thing is to be polite, avoid immorality, and be cautious when online. Although the spirit of the world is strong, that should not intimidate us, for we can resist it. The reason for this is that the power of Satan and his wicked world is insignificant when compared with that of Jehovah. (Read 1 John 4:4.) In addition, Jehovah will give you his holy spirit so that you will not succumb to any of the world's traps. (Luke 11:13) May all of us be determined to resist the spirit of the world and instead be guided by Jehovah's holy spirit!—Gal. 5:1

16. What do you learn from Robert’s experience?

17. Why can you be sure that you can resist the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ How can we avoid being deceived by “the spirit of the world” in our speech?

■ How can we avoid being pushed by “the spirit of the world” into immorality?

■ How can we avoid being ensnared by “the spirit of the world” when using the Internet?

PSALM 124 We Will Be Faithful Forever

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

September 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 10 ENGLISH

CONTENTS OF THIS WATCH

Study Article November 2-8 | 2

Be Assured of Jehovah's Protection

Study Article November 9-15 | 8

How to Listen to Jehovah Wholeheartedly

Study Article November 16-22 | 14

Preaching the Good News in “All the Languages ​​of the Nations.”

Study Article November 23-29 | 20

The Priesthood Is a Revelation of Jehovah's Love

Study article November 30–December 6 | 26

Beware of Being Deceived by “the Spirit of the World.”

A BIBLE STATEMENT

“Let the Peace of the Christ Reign in Your Hearts”

Colossians chapter 3 verse 15 speaks of “the peace of the Christ”. What kind of peace is it? It is the satisfaction of being a disciple of Christ. The key to that satisfaction is knowing that Jehovah and his Son, Jesus, love him.—John 3:16; 14:23,

The apostle Paul encouraged the brothers in the Colossian congregation to let this peace control or reign in their hearts. How would they do it? The Greek word Paul used is similar to the word used to describe a referee in a match. Just as a referee has authority over a game, we must let “the peace of the Christ” control our minds and hearts.

For example, if we have a difference with a fellow Christian, we should let “the peace of the Christ” guide us. Letting “the peace of the Christ” control in our hearts will help us to maintain peace and unity with our brothers. There are many ways to do this, but the most important thing is to put aside your own desires and feelings. We thus allow the peace of the Christ to control in our hearts.—Col. 3:12-1

This book, we don’t sell. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People voluntarily donate to support the project. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Visit the jw.org website in English, or scan this icon with your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.09-E