JANUARY

THE WATCHTOWER

IT ANNOUNCES THE KINGDOM OF JEHOVAH

YEAR 2026:

“Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need.”—MATT. 5:3

STUDY DATE: MARCH 2-APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8,

SONGS



WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

We will see what it takes to continue to be guided by Jehovah to be happy.

Let God Continue to Guide You

YEAR 2026:

“Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need.”—MATT. 5:3

YEHOWA nim sɛ, nneɛma bi wɔ hɔ a, sɛ nnipa annya a, wɔrentumi ntena nkwa mu. Ebi ne nea yebedi, nea yɛbɛhyɛ, ne baabi a yɛde yɛn ti bɛto. Sɛ saa nneɛma yi mu baako koraa bɔ yɛn a, ebetumi ama asetena mu ayɛ den paa ama yɛn, anaa ebetumi ama yɛahwere yɛn nkwa mpo. Saa asetenam nneɛma a nnipa hia yi da nkyɛn a, yehia biribi foforo nso; that is God's guidance. (Kenkan Mateo 5:3.) Sɛ yɛpɛ sɛ yɛn ani gye a, ɛsɛ sɛ yegye tom sɛ yehia Onyankopɔn akwankyerɛ, na yɛkɔ so de yɛn ho to no so.

2 The Greek word translated “those conscious of their spiritual need” conveys the idea of ​​someone in need who is asking for help. Wo de, hwɛ sɛ obi te kwan ho baabi resrɛsrɛ ade; ne ntaade a ɛhyɛ no nyinaa ayɛ fĩ, na onni aduan a obedi. As a result, he has lost all his strength. Awia bɔ a, ɛhye no saa, edu anadwo nso a na awɔw rekum no. Sɛnea ne ho ayɛ nti, nkurɔfo mpɛ sɛ wɔbɛbɛn no, wei nti n’ani nnye. Saa nipa a ɔsrɛsrɛ ade yi nim sɛ, sɛ obenya ahoɔden atena nkwa mu a, gye sɛ obi boa no. Obi a onim sɛ ohia Onyankopɔn akwankyerɛ nso, yebetumi de no atoto onipa a ɔsrɛsrɛ ade yi ho. He knows he needs God’s help in his life, so he too prays earnestly for God’s help, and he accepts whatever help God gives him.



1. What are the needs of Jehovah? (Matthew 5:3)

2. What is the illustration of a person “recognizing his need for divine guidance”?

3. What will we consider in this study?

2

The Phoenician woman humbled herself, kept asking Jesus for help, and put faith in Jesus (See verse 5)

in the case of his. This woman’s story will show that there are three qualities that those who recognize the need for divine guidance need to cultivate. Then we will also see what we can learn from the apostle Peter, the apostle Paul, and King David; all these men let God guide them.

LEARN FROM THE EXAMPLE OF THE PHOENICIAN WOMAN

4 A Phoenician woman once came to Jesus. Her daughter was “badly demonized.” (Matt. 15:21-28) So she fell at Jesus' feet and begged him for help. Let us consider three examples that we can imitate.

5 The Phoenician woman was humble. Why can we say that? Because when Jesus compared him to a little dog, he did not get angry. A puppy was a common animal in the homes of non-Jews. If you were the one Jesus compared to a puppy, what would you do? Would you say that Jesus has insulted you and you no longer need his help and turn away? The Phoenician woman did not. Instead, he showed humility. Besides, he also did something else. He kept asking Jesus for help; you didn’t give up. What made him do that? Because of his faith in Jesus. In fact, Jesus saw the woman’s outstanding faith and was moved to help her. Although Jesus had earlier said that he came only for “the lost sheep of Israel,” Jesus expelled the demons from the woman's daughter.

6 If we want Jehovah to guide us, we need to imitate the Phoenician woman. Therefore, we must be humble, and keep asking the Lord for help. Also, Jesus Christ is the one through whom he teaches

4. What did a Phoenician woman want Jesus to do for her?

5. What did Jesus do for the woman, and why? (See also the photo.)

6. What do we learn from the story of the Phoenician woman?

JANUARY

the way of his followers, we should have greater faith in them. (Matt. 24:45-47) Our faith, humility, and constant requests for help bring great joy to Jehovah and Jesus. They will help and guide us. (Compare James 1:5-7.) Then, let us consider what we can learn from the apostle Peter, the apostle Paul, and King David. It will show you how Jehovah guides and helps us to be happy, and what we do to benefit from that arrangement.

IMITATE PETER—STUDY GOD’S WORD CAREFULLY

7 Consider the apostle Peter. Peter was among the first Jews to recognize Jesus as the Messiah. He recognized that Jesus was the means by which Jehovah was providing “sayings of everlasting life,” or spiritual food, to his people. (John 6:66-68) Before his ascension to heaven, Jesus entrusted Peter with the responsibility to “feed his little sheep.” (John 21:17) Peter accepted that assignment, and he did it perfectly. Jehovah even had him write two letters that are now part of the Bible. But all in all, Peter himself needed to feed spiritually, or study God’s Word. So the letters that God inspired the apostle Paul to write like this, Peter patiently studied. He acknowledged that some of Paul’s writings were “hard to understand.” (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) But Peter did not give up. He was confident that Paul would understand and apply the “solid food” that Jehovah had inspired him to write in his letters.—Read Hebrews 5:14–6:1

7. What was the responsibility of Jesus to Peter, and what did he have to do himself? (Hebrews 5:14–6:1)

8 Jehovah gave Peter a direction, and Peter obeyed it with faith in Jehovah. One day, while Peter was in Joppa, he had a vision. In the vision, God’s angel told Peter to kill and eat animals forbidden by the Mosaic Law. Being a Jew, Peter had been familiar with the Mosaic Law from childhood, so the angel's words did not go beyond his mind. But Peter said, Not so, Lord: for I have never eaten any thing that is common or unclean. Then the angel said to him, "What God has cleansed, you must not call common. (Acts 10:9-15) Peter then understood the angel’s message and changed his mind. How do we know that? Soon after receiving the vision, three men approached him. They told him that their master Cornelius had sent for him and wanted to see him. Formerly, Peter would never have entered the home of a Gentile, for the Jews considered Gentiles unclean. (Acts 10:28, 29) But when Jehovah gave Peter further direction, he readily responded. (Prov. 4:18) So he preached the good news to Cornelius and his household, and they put faith in Jesus, received holy spirit, and were baptized.—Acts 10:44-4 10:44-4

9 Like Peter, we need to learn the simple truths of God's Word regularly. But solid spiritual food, or truth if

8. How did Peter respond to further direction from Jehovah through his angel?

9. In what two ways does solid spiritual food benefit us when we diligently study it?

4 THE WATCHTOWER

there is also the complexity of God’s word that we should be interested in learning. So we have to take the time and work hard to learn to understand. How does that help us? There are at least two ways to help us: First, to learn more about Jehovah, and to grow in our love and respect for him. Second, we will be deeply motivated to share our heavenly Father's beautiful personality with others. (Rom. 11:33; Rev. 4:11) Peter's words also teach us another lesson: We should be quick to accept and apply new understandings of God's Word. If we do, Jehovah will continue to guide us in our faithful service.

IMITATE PAUL—PUTT ON THE NEW PERSONALITY

10 Another way that Jehovah guides us is by revealing the kind of person he wants us to be. It is to strip off “the old personality” and put on “the new personality,” as the apostle Paul put it. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) Putting on the new personality is not a one-day process; it takes time and effort. Take the apostle Paul. From the time he was young, he tried to please God. (Gal. 1:14; Phil. 3:4, 5) But he did not have the perfect knowledge of God. Also, he was ignorant of the teachings of Christ, and he was proud, which made him “insolent.” As a result, his conduct is totally displeasing to God.—1 Tim. 1:1

The 100% cotton fabric is 100% cotton and is 100% cotton fabric.

11 Before becoming a Christian, Paul had just had a heart attack. Acts reveals that Paul was so enraged at Jesus’ disciples that he “threatened” them and wanted to “kill them.” (Acts 9:1) So when he became a Christian, he evidently worked hard to put away that old personality. (Eph. 4:22, 31) On one occasion, however, Paul and Barnabas had a disagreement that led to “a sharp burst of anger.” (Acts 15:37-39) Here Paul's character resurfaced, but he did not give up. He continued to “pummel his body,” that is, to work hard to control his weaknesses in order to please Jehovah.—1 Cor. 9:2

12 Paul was able to rid himself of the bad habits that plagued him and put on the new, for he did not rely on his own strength. (Phil. 4:13) Instead, like Peter, Paul relied on “the power beyond what is normal.” (1 Pet. 4:11) Still, Paul was prone to discouragement at times. At such times, he would reflect on the good things his heavenly Father had done for him, and this strengthened him to keep working hard to please Jehovah.—Rom. 7:21-2

13 Whether we have been serving Jehovah for a long time or not, we need to work at putting off our old personality and clothing ourselves with the new. This means that we must apply what Jehovah teaches us. We are imitating Paul. Occasionally, some of the old habits may resurface; maybe our price can

11. What negative traits did Paul have to fight against? Explain the value.

12. What helped Paul to rid himself of the habit that was plaguing him?

13. How can we imitate Paul?

JANUARY

We need to continue to study God’s Word diligently, put on the new personality, and allow Jehovah to protect us (See paragraph 18)

offended or even expressed our opinion. There is no need to be discouraged when that happens. Instead, we must continue to work on making any needed changes. (Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) As we do so, we need to keep this in mind: Clothing, if it is too large or too tight, requires some action. The new personality, on the other hand, requires that we instead make changes, living in harmony with Jehovah’s guidance in order to please him.

IMITATE DAVID—LET JEHOVAH PROTECT YOU

14 We have come to realize that to be happy, we need to learn about God’s Word and put on the new personality. But that’s not all; we also need God’s protection. Then, what are the ways that Jehovah protects us, and what do we need to do to receive his protection?

14-1 How does Jehovah protect his people today? (Psalm 27:5) (See also cover.)

15 King David was confident that Jehovah would sustain him even in difficult times. (Read Psalm 27:5.) How does Jehovah protect us today? For one thing, Jehovah protects us from anyone or anything that can destroy our faith. So no matter how much people oppose us, he has promised us that no weapon formed against us will succeed. (Ps. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Although Satan and his agents have power, they cannot harm us forever. Even if we die, Jehovah will bring us back to life. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Rev. 21:3, 4) Jehovah also helps us to cope with anxiety so that it does not damage our relationship with him. (Prov. 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) In addition, he has provided us with abundant support and encouragement from the elders. (Isa. 32:1, 2) Through our study, Jehovah also teaches us specific ways to enjoy his protection.—Heb. 10:24,

6 THE WATCHTOWER

16 Whenever David listened to Jehovah, he helped him to make good decisions, and David was happy. So Jehovah protected him in this way. (Compare Proverbs 5:1, 2.) But when David broke Jehovah's law, Jehovah did not shield him from the consequences. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) At times, David suffered persecution. In this case, David would pray to Jehovah from the heart. What did Jehovah do to protect him? He comforted David, assuring him of his deep love and care.—Ps. 23:1-6

17 When we prayerfully seek Jehovah's guidance in making decisions, we imitate David. But we must remember that if we disobey Jehovah and make bad decisions, we may suffer, and Jehovah will not save us. (Gal. 6:7, 8) Also, when we are persecuted, we can pour out our heart to Jehovah, confident that he will protect our mind and heart.—Phil. 4:6,

16. In what ways did Jehovah protect David?

17. How can we imitate David?

LET GOD CONTINUE TO GUIDE YOU

18 The yeartext for 2026 is: “Happy are those who recognize their need for divine guidance.” Today you see that statement as true. Why are we saying that? Because many people today do not recognize the need for God’s guidance. Others believe in God, but are guided by false religion or human wisdom. This makes them unhappy. We should not imitate them. So, what is the right thing to do? We need to continue to study God’s Word diligently, put on the new personality, and listen to Jehovah for protection.

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s, and is a veteran of the 2000s and 2001s. (See also the photo.)

COVER: A sister wants Jehovah's protection, so she gathers with her Christian brothers for a study. Page 6: The same sister is studying The Watchtower, showing kindness to others by putting on the new personality. She has also been encouraged by visits from the elders, and she has been listening. All of this means that he has allowed Jehovah to guide him.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ How can we imitate Peter and become better students of God’s Word?

■ How can we imitate Paul and put on the new personality?

■ How can we allow Jehovah to protect us, as David did?

SONGS

His Word Will Be My Food

MARCH 9-15,

SONG

My Heart's Thoughts

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

What to do when we are overwhelmed by sadness or anxiety.

What You Can Do When You Are Overwhelmed by Sadness or Anxiety

“I’M a pity!”—ROM. 7:2

WHEN you think of the apostle Paul, what comes to mind? You might say that he was a courageous missionary, a good teacher, or a prolific Bible writer. You say that without help. But he was a human being like us, so at times he could be sad, discouraged, or depressed.

2 Read Romans 7:21-2 In his letter to the Romans, Paul expressed his feelings at times. Many of us today can feel the same way. Although he was a devout and eager man, his imperfections made it difficult for him to do God’s will at all times. Besides, he was tormented by past sins. Also, he had a problem that made him sad.

3 Paul was sometimes sad or discouraged because of his own imperfections and past sins,* but he did not let them overwhelm him. In this article, we will answer the following questions: Why did Paul sometimes feel “sorry”? How did Paul avoid being overwhelmed by the things that made him sad or discouraged? What can we do when we are overwhelmed by sadness or anxiety?

* DISCLAIMER: This article is about people who sometimes feel sad or anxious, not people who have a mental illness that requires medical attention.

1-2 How did the apostle Paul feel at times, and why can his experience help us? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What questions will be answered in this study? (See also “A Case Study.”)

8

WHAT FACTORS WERE PAUL DISCOURAGED?

4 Past sins committed. Before becoming a Christian, Paul did many bad things that he later regretted. His name was Saul at the time. For example, he approved of the stoning of Stephen, who was being executed with his own eyes. (Acts 7:58; 8:1) Besides, he was actively involved in the hatred and persecution of the Christians of that time.—Acts 23:1 8:3; 26:9-1

5 When the apostle Paul became a Christian, he was at times overwhelmed by past sins. The intense hatred he inflicted on the Christians, day after day, must have been very disturbing to remember. For example, when he wrote his first letter to the Corinthians in 55 CE, he said: “I am not fit to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God.” (1 Cor. 15:9) Five years later, when writing to the Ephesians, he also described himself as “the least of all holy ones.” (Eph. 3:8) When Paul wrote to Timothy, he also said: (1 Tim. 1:13) Imagine Paul visiting a congregation and meeting some of these hated brothers or their relatives. Don’t you see how hard it could have been for him?

6 A thorn in the flesh. There was something else that was bothering Paul; he said it was a “thorn in the flesh”. (2 Cor. 12:7) Although Paul did not give the exact nature of his problem, the metaphor he used suggests that it was something that was deeply painful. It may have been an illness or a problem that had left him depressed.*

7 His shortcomings. Paul could make mistakes. (Read Romans 7:18, 19.) He had a strong desire to do what was right, but his sinful nature made it impossible for him to do so. He admitted that sometimes he does not do the good he wants to do but the bad he does not want to do. After all, he worked hard to do what was right. (1 Cor. 9:27) So when a bad habit that he had tried to break reappeared, it must have been very painful!

HOW DID PAUL RESPOND TO HIS DISAPPOINTMENT?

8 Paul often pondered how God's spirit could help him and his fellow Christians to overcome their imperfections and weaknesses. His letters show that. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul often spoke of wrong attitudes or desires that Christians must fight against. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) This suggests that he was concerned about his own weaknesses. So he studied the Scriptures for counsel to help him see what changes he needed to make, and how to do so. We can be sure that Paul's counsel

4. What was Paul’s source of sadness?

5. How did Paul feel about his past sins?

6. What else was Paul’s greatest concern? (See also footnote.)

* Paul's words reveal his concern. If so, it would be difficult for him to write letters to the wives and to carry out his ministry. (Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or perhaps he was troubled by the remarks of some false teachers. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) We do not know exactly what was troubling Paul, but we do know that it could have been depressing.

7. Why did Paul sometimes find it difficult to do what was right? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What do Paul’s letters reveal about his response to his weaknesses?

JANUARY

gave it to others, he used it himself.

9 Although Paul was sometimes discouraged, he had some reasons for joy. For example, he was greatly encouraged when fellow evangelizers reported on the good things that were happening in the congregations. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) The association with his Christian brothers also brought him joy. (2 Tim. 1:4) Furthermore, he was able to enjoy a close relationship with Jehovah and to serve him with “a good conscience.” (2 Tim. 1:3) Even while imprisoned in Rome, Paul urged his fellow Christians to “rejoice in the Lord.” (Phil. 4:4) From his words, there is no indication that he was overly concerned about his problems. This clearly shows that when Paul finds himself getting discouraged by his problems, he immediately turns his attention to the things that will make him happy.

10 When Paul was discouraged, another source of joy was his meditation on the ransom. She knew that Jehovah loved her so much that he gave his Son to die for her. (Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) He had strong faith that Jehovah had forgiven him on the basis of Jesus' sacrifice. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Despite his past sins and imperfections, Paul was happy that he could render “sacred service” to God.—Heb. 9:12-1

11 Like Paul, we may be trying to please Jehovah with our thoughts, actions, and words, but we have fallen away. So we might get discouraged and say, “I’m sorry!” Eliza,* a sister in her 20's, expresses her feelings: “When I think about Paul's story, it's so encouraging. It reminds me that Jehovah knows what his people are going through.” Paul had a good conscience, and even when he was discouraged, he was happy. So what can we do to imitate him?

WHAT CAN WE DO IF WE ARE STRESSED OR DISCOURAGED?

The 12-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s. There are a lot of nice guys out there who are able to help you out with your job. There are many ways to get a job in the UK, but the most important thing is to get a job in the UK. Eating well, exercising, and sleeping well helps us to feel better. The things that draw us closer to Jehovah also bring us joy when we do them regularly. These include reading God’s Word regularly, studying diligently before and after, and commenting. We will also do the preaching work. All of this will encourage us to focus on positive things rather than negative ones.—Rom. 12:11,

13 Take John’s case; doctors told her she had a terrible cancer. At the time, he was years old

* Some names have been changed.

9-10. When Paul was discouraged, what helped him to be happy? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also picture.)

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

The 12-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

13-1 How have some brothers benefited from continuing to engage in spiritual activities?

10 THE WATCHTOWER

Paul was deeply troubled by past sins, but meditating on the ransom helped him to find joy

(See paragraphs 9-10)

13 At first, it was confusing and anxious. “How does this disease affect a young man like me?” she asked herself, when her son was only three years old. So what helped John? Listen to her: “The illness was very tiring, but I made sure that my family and I kept up with our spiritual activities. So we never missed a study, we went out in the ministry every week, and we had family worship. Looking back, John says: “When we tell you that you have such a disease, it can be shocking at first.

14 Eliza, quoted earlier, says: “When I go to class, what I hear or learn reminds me that Jehovah listens to me and that he really loves me.

Let’s look at Nolan, too; he is a circuit overseer in Africa. He and his wife, Diane, say: “Even when we are discouraged, we keep doing what we are doing in Jehovah’s service. We often try to remember that Jehovah will help and bless us;

15 We have seen that when we are sad or discouraged, we need to keep doing what we are doing in Jehovah’s service. But besides that, we may need to do some more. Let’s say you have a backache. Walking every day may help. But for the pain to go away completely, you may need to do something else. To determine the cause of the pain, you may need to do something about it

15. When we are overwhelmed by sadness or discouragement, what may we need to do? Explain with an example.

JANUARY

If you are overwhelmed by anxiety, find specific helpful information and study it (See paragraph 17)

research and maybe even see a doctor. Similarly, if we are often overwhelmed by grief or anxiety, we may need to do research in the Bible and in congregation publications. We may even need to talk to an experienced brother or sister who can give us good advice. Let’s look at some other options.

16 Ask Jehovah to help you identify the exact cause of the grief or anxiety. King David knew that Jehovah knew him well, so he asked Jehovah to help him identify the cause of his “disquieting thoughts.” (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You too can ask Jehovah to help you identify the cause of your sadness or anxiety and to deal with it. You might also ask yourself: ‘What is my concern? What has the apple produced? Do I manage to get rid of the anxiety immediately when it comes to mind?'

17 Learn what will help you cope with your problem. Learn about Jehovah's qualities from time to time and you will benefit. The apostle Paul, for example, was greatly helped by meditating on the ransom and Jehovah's forgiveness. You can do the same thing. You can learn more about God’s mercy, forgiveness, and unfailing love. You can use the Research Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses, Watch Tower Publications

16. When you are overwhelmed by anxiety, what can help you to determine the cause? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

The 17-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (See also the photo.)

12 THE WATCHTOWER

The Index or any of our other publications in your language have done so. Write down whatever you find helpful. Write down any new ones you find. Then, play it where you find it, and learn some of it whenever you are overwhelmed by anxiety. Strive to apply what you learn.—Phil. 4:8

18 Eliza, mentioned earlier, studied Job in detail. “Like Job,” he said, “I faced a series of trials that were so painful that he did not even know where they came from. (Job 42:1-6) Diane, quoted earlier, says: “My husband and I are studying the book Draw Close to Jehovah.” Just as a potter molds clay into beautiful qualities, we appreciate that Jehovah molds us into beautiful qualities his friendship is strong.”—Isa. 64:8

18. What have some Christians thus learned?

BE CONFIDENT FOR BETTER TIMES

19 Even if we do all the things mentioned in this study, we should not expect the sadness or anxiety that plagues us to disappear. The sadness will come from time to time, but as long as Jehovah lives, he will help us to distract ourselves from the causes of anxiety and focus on positive things instead. So we can be sure that we will have a good conscience to serve Jehovah with joy.

20 Let us do our utmost not to be overwhelmed by negative feelings about past sins, problems, or shortcomings. Let us be confident that Jehovah will help us not to be overwhelmed by anxiety. (Ps. 143:10) One day, all suffering and anxiety will disappear. At that time, when we wake up in the morning, we will think only about good things. We will be happy to serve our loving God, Jehovah!

19. What is not to be expected, but what assurance can we have?

20. What are you determined to do?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

Why did Paul sometimes feel sorry for himself?

Although Paul was sometimes discouraged, what helped him to maintain a good conscience and find joy in serving Jehovah?

What can we do when we are overwhelmed by sadness or anxiety?

PSALM 34 I Will Walk in Integrity

MARCH 16-22,

SONG

You Gave Us Your Son

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

How the ransom can provide forgiveness of sins, how it can give us the hope of perfection, and how it can help us to have a relationship with Jehovah.

14

Why We Need the Ransom

“Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?”—ROM. 7:2

IMAGINE that a building has collapsed, and someone enters it unharmed but cannot get out. What do you think he can do? All he can do is scream for someone to get him out.

2 We too are in a situation that is like a collapsed building. Why are we saying that? Because when Adam disobeyed Jehovah, he became a sinner. Later, he passed on his sin to all his children. So the building of sin has collapsed on all mankind, and we begin to be unable to get out. In his letter to the Romans, the apostle Paul said that we are all “slaves” to sin. (Rom. 6:23) “Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?” he asked. We are in the same situation, so we need a rescuer.

3 Paul's question: “Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?” does it mean that he was hopeless? No. For after asking that question, he confidently said: “Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord!” (Rom. 7:25) Paul meant that Jehovah had redeemed us by means of Jesus' ransom sacrifice.

* DEFINITION: A ransom is the price paid to bring about the release of someone who has been injured. Jesus’ sacrificial death is also a ransom, for it frees obedient mankind from sin and death.

1-2 Why do we need a savior? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also photo.)

3. What is the value of the ransom?

Just as this building has collapsed on this man and he cannot get out, we too, it seems, are under the yoke of sin and imperfection and cannot get out, so we need a rescuer

(See paragraphs 1-2)

can receive forgiveness, (2) we can have the hope of perfection, and (3) we can also have a relationship with Jehovah. These are the topics that will be considered in this study, and will deepen our love for Jehovah, “the God who gives hope.” (Rom. 15:13) It will also deepen our appreciation for Jesus, “by means of whom we have obtained salvation.”—Col. 1:1

THE REDEMPTION PROVIDES FORGIVENESS

4 We need the ransom so that Jehovah can forgive our sins. We all sin in our speech and in our voice. (Read Ecclesiastes 7:20.) Some of our sins are many. Under the Mosaic Law, adultery or murder was punishable by death. (Lev. 20:10; Num. 35:30, 31) But some of the sins are not so serious. After all, every sin is a sin. For example, the psalmist David said: “I will guard my steps so that I do not sin with my tongue.” (Ps. 39:1) This means that even what we say can be sinful.—Jas. 3:2

5 Have you ever said or done something that you regret? We believe that none of us have done anything like that. The Bible helplessly states: “If we make the statement: 'We have no sin,' we are misleading ourselves and the truth is not in us.”—1 John 3:1 1:8

6 In view of Jehovah's justice, he had to take action to provide forgiveness. Therefore, the ransom is the basis for Jehovah’s forgiveness of sins. (Eph. 1:7) But that does not mean that he is indifferent to our sins. Jehovah does not approve of wickedness.—Isa. 59:2

7 Under the Mosaic Law, when the Israelites sinned, animal sacrifices were required to atone for their sins. (Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) Such sacrifices were a shadow of the greater sacrifice that Jesus would offer; Jesus’ sacrifice would bring many blessings to mankind. On that basis, Jehovah would forgive us. Paul knew it

4-5 Why do we each need the ransom? (Ecclesiastes 7:20)

6-7 On what basis does Jehovah forgive our sins? (See also the photo.)

JANUARY

the value of Jesus' sacrificial death, for he mentioned it in his letter to the Christians in Corinth. After mentioning their former sins, he told them: “But you have been washed clean, but you have been sanctified, but you have been declared righteous in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and with the spirit of our God.”—1 Cor. 6:9-1

8 Before you attend this year's Memorial, take time to reflect on how Jehovah's forgiveness has benefited you. For example, because of the ransom, you don’t have to let past sins that you have repented of continue to torment you. But you may find it hard to accept that Jehovah has forgiven you. In the meantime, you may even be saying to yourself, “I believe that Jehovah can forgive me, but I find it hard to see myself that way.” If you feel that way, please remember this fact: Jehovah forgives, and Jesus has the authority to judge. So whether Jehovah forgives or not is not up to you or anyone else. The Bible says: “If we are walking in the light as [Jehovah] himself is in the light, . . . the blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin.” (1 John 1:6, 7) We need to believe this as we believe other Bible teachings. The ransom is the means by which Jehovah can forgive our sins. The Bible also says that Jehovah is “ready to forgive.”—Ps. 86:5

THE REDEMPTION GIVES US THE HOPE OF PERFECTION

9 The Bible uses the word “sin” not only to refer to wrong actions but also to inherited imperfection. (Read Psalm 51:5, footnote.) Our imperfection not only causes us to do bad things but also causes us to get sick, grow old, and die

8. Before attending this year’s Memorial, what can you do?

9. What else can the Bible mean when it speaks of sin? (Psalm 51:5 and footnote)

The animal sacrifices were a shadow of Jesus' future sacrifice and the blessings it would bring to mankind (See verses 6-7)

16 THE WATCHTOWER

we die the. As a result, even innocent babies can get sick and die. Because of this same imperfection, we all suffer and die, whether we are good or bad. The fact is, because of the imperfection we inherited from Adam, we are all sinners.

10 Consider what happened to Adam and Eve when they sinned. When they violated God’s law “written in their hearts,” their consciences began to bother them deeply. (Rom. 2:15) They saw a change in them. As a result, they felt compelled to cover their nakedness and seek refuge from their Creator. (Gen. 3:7, 8) They felt guilty, confused, insecure, and ashamed. They had never experienced anything like it in their entire lives. Their situation, whether they liked it or not, would torment them to the point of death.—Gen. 3:16-1

11 Just as the sin of Adam and Eve afflicted them, so we today are afflicted by the sin in us. The depression and suffering we experience are all the result of our own imperfections. We may try to get separated, but no matter what we do, it won’t work. Why is it so? Because the Bible says that we are “subject to vanity.” (Rom. 8:20) This is true of individuals and people around the world. Yɛbɛyɛ nhwɛso a, ɛnnɛ, nnipa reyɛ nea wɔbetumi biara sɛ wɔbɛbɔ asaase no ho ban, wɔbɛko atia nsɛmmɔnedi, atu ohia ase, na wɔama akodi agyae. All their efforts are like carrying a basket to water. Thanks to the ransom, however, there is hope.

12 The ransom gives us the hope that “the creation itself also will be set free from enslavement to corruption.” (Rom. 8:21) This means that when we reach perfection in God's new world, we will no longer be plagued by sickness, sleeplessness, or anxiety. Moreover, we will feel secure in our conscience. Moreover, our efforts to take care of the earth and live on it in peace will end in victory. Why is it so? Because we will be ruled by the “King of Peace,” Jesus Christ, who gave his life as a ransom for us.—Isa. 9:6,

13 Imagine what life will be like without sin and imperfection. You will wake up each morning with a smile on your face; do not worry about what you will do with your loved ones, and do not fear getting sick or dying. “This hope, which is as an anchor for the soul, both sure and firm, if we hold fast that we may have it,” can bring us peace even today. (Heb. 6:18, 19) Just as an anchor keeps a ship afloat, your hope can strengthen your faith and help you to endure whatever trials you may encounter. In fact, you can be sure that Jehovah will bless you, for he “becomes the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him.” (Heb. 11:6) Your hope for the future and the comfort it gives you are made possible by the ransom.

10. What happened to Adam and Eve when they sinned?

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

12. What hope does the ransom offer?

13. Before attending this year’s Memorial, what might you consider?

JANUARY

Only on the basis of Jesus’ sacrifice can Jehovah forgive our sins and reconcile us to him (See paragraph 16)

THE REDEMPTION MAKES US ABLE TO HAVE FRIENDSHIP WITH GOD

14 Ever since Adam and Eve sinned, humans have been alienated from God. The Bible even says that all mankind is alienated from their Creator. (Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? For Jehovah is pure, and all his ways are justice, so he cannot tolerate evil. The Bible says of Jehovah: “Your eyes are too pure to look on evil, and you cannot look upon evil.” (Hab. 1:13) Thus, sin has become like a vast gulf between us and God. None of us can have fellowship with God unless there is a bridge over the valley, and we can go to God through it. The redemption has become like that breeze.

15 The Bible says that Jesus is “a propitiatory sacrifice for our sins.” (1 John 2:2) The Greek word translated “a propitiatory sacrifice” can refer to a process of reconciliation. How did Jesus’ sacrifice reconcile humans to Jehovah? We should not think that Jesus’ death pleased God. Rather, it was necessary so that God would not violate his own laws of justice. Jesus’ death provided the basis for God to make peace between us and Him. (Rom. 3:23-26) Thus, even those who served Jehovah faithfully before Christ could be “declared righteous” by Jehovah. (Gen. 15:1, 6) How? Because Jehovah knew that Jesus would pay the ransom, come what may. (Isa. 46:10) The ransom makes it possible for us to have a relationship with God again.

The 16-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. For example, you may be able to address Jehovah as “your Father,” as Jesus taught us. (Matt. 6:9) You may even call him “your Friend.” If we are to call Jehovah our “Father” or our “Friend,” we must be respectful and humble. Why is it so? Because we are sinners, and companionship

14. How did the sin of Adam and Eve affect our relationship with God, and why?

15. What is the benefit of Jesus’ sacrifice?

16. Before attending this year's Memorial, what else might you think about? (See also the photo.)

18 THE WATCHTOWER

whatever we have with Jehovah is not our own effort, but simply his grace; the ransom to make it possible. Jehovah has reconciled all other things to himself by making peace through the blood he shed on the torture stake.

THE RANSOM IS A MERCY

17 The ransom is a powerful testimony to Jehovah's “abundant mercies.” “Even when we were dead in trespasses he made us alive.” (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Those who are “rightly disposed for everlasting life” are like the man whose building collapsed on him. They feel that sin and imperfection are pressing hard on them, so they cry out for help. (Acts 13:48) Jehovah too hears the outcry of such ones by means of the Kingdom good news, so that they may come to know him and his Son, Jesus. (John 17:3) If Satan had intended to induce Adam and Eve to sin and thwart Jehovah's purpose, he would have failed miserably.

18 As we meditate on the ransom, we do well to keep in mind the real purpose of Jehovah's provision of the ransom. Although the ransom helps us in many ways, we must remember that our salvation is not the primary purpose of Jehovah's provision. Jehovah's primary purpose in providing the ransom was to answer the lies that Satan had raised about himself in the garden of Eden. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) By means of the ransom, Jehovah will clear his name of all reproach. The ransom is also a loving way to save us from sin and death. Besides, despite our sinfulness, Jehovah has graciously given us the opportunity to answer Satan's challenge. (Prov. 27:11) How, then, can you show your appreciation for the ransom? That question will be answered in the next article.

17. How does the ransom prove that Jehovah is merciful? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

18. What is the most important thing to keep in mind when contemplating the ransom?

HOW DOES THE RANSOM PROVIDE . . . . . . . .

■ forgiveness?

■ hope we can get to perfection?

■ assurance that we can have a relationship with Jehovah?

SONG

The Lord's Supper

MARCH 23-29,

SONG

The Ransom Is Precious to Us

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

What each of us can do to show our appreciation for the ransom.

How Can You Show Your Appreciation for the Ransom?

“The love the Christ has compels us.”—2 COR. 5:1

IMAGINE that you are in a room and it collapses on you. Right when you start, someone picks you up. That person, do you think you would have put him down? Even if he didn’t choose you alone, you’ll likely walk up to him yourself to thank him, letting the person know that you can never thank him enough for what he’s done for you.

2 As we saw in the preceding study, inherited sin is like a collapsed building. If no one comes to our rescue, we will be stuck in a chair. But thanks to the light of Jesus’ ransom sacrifice, we can be set free. How does it work? First, because of the ransom, Jehovah can forgive our sins. Second, it gives us hope of a completely free future. Third, it enables us to develop a close relationship with God. Therefore, we have the hope of living forever in the new world in the future. Let us say, the ransom has shown us that Jesus loves man; before he ever came to earth, we were in his heart. (Prov. 8:30, 31) “The love the Christ has compels us,” wrote the apostle Paul. (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) This means that Jesus' love should move us to show our appreciation for the ransom by doing something.

3 How can you show your appreciation for Jesus’ death? What you do may not be what asomasi will do. Let us illustrate why. Imagine that three people are traveling to a city. Each is in a different city, so they will not all go the same way. We, too, are different from each other-

1-2 What should Jesus’ ransom sacrifice move us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also picture.)

3. The way you show appreciation for the ransom may not be the same as someone else's. Why is it so?

20

If a building collapses on you and someone picks you up, that person never saw you building it down. Jehovah and Jesus have also delivered us from sin and death. Shouldn’t we be more grateful? (See paragraphs 1-2)

ra and Jehovah, so the way each person shows his appreciation for the ransom is unique. Therefore, in this study, we will consider what Bible students, baptized, and inactive ones can do to show their appreciation for the ransom.

BIBLE STUDENTS

4 When you are studying the Bible, remember that even accepting a Bible study is an indication that Jehovah is drawing you to himself. (John 6:44; Acts 13:48) The Bible says that “he is the examiner of hearts.” This means that Jehovah is pleased with every effort you make to learn about him and every change you make to obey his laws. (Prov. 17:3; 27:11) Thanks to the ransom, you can enjoy a close relationship with Jehovah. (Rom. 5:10, 11) Never forget this fact.

5 If you are studying with Jehovah's Witnesses, how can you show your appreciation for the ransom? One way is to heed the apostle Paul’s counsel to the Philippians. “To the extent we have made progress,” he told them, “let us go on walking orderly in this same routine.” (Phil. 3:16) Another Bible translation renders this verse: “Let us keep our eyes on the goal straight.” So, remember that you are on the road to life, so do not let anything slow you down.—Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:6

6 Have you recently learned something from the Bible that you did not understand? If so, do some research and pray to Jehovah to help you understand it better. (Ps. 86:11) If you still don’t understand, put it down first, but don’t stop studying the Bible. Or perhaps you have a bad habit that the Bible condemns and you have found it difficult to break. If so, remember that Jehovah does not expect us to do more than we can. So whatever he tells us to do, you can do. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) Jehovah is also the Creator of all things; he's promised to help you, so don't give up. (Isa. 41:10, 13; 1 Cor. 10:13) So don’t take what has been a problem for you for granted

4. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

5. How can Philippians 3:16 be applied to Bible students?

6. What can a Bible student do if he does not understand a Bible teaching or is having difficulty overcoming a bad habit? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also illustration.)

JANUARY

Jehovah does not expect us to do more than we can. Whatever he asks of us, he will help us to do it (See paragraph 6)

focus, not on the good things Jehovah has done for you. Some of them are the redemption. As your love for Jehovah grows, you will realize that “his commandments are not burdensome.”—1 John 5:3 5:3.*

7 What about you children who are being raised by your parents in Jehovah's service? You are also a Bible student. The fact is, of all the Bible students your parents have, you are the most important. “Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you,” says the Bible. (Jas. 4:8; 1 Ki. 28:9) So if you draw close to Jehovah, he will draw close to you. Don’t think that Jehovah loves you because your parents are Jehovah’s Witnesses, but that he really wants you to be his friend. What has Jehovah done that can draw you closer to him? It is Jesus who will die for you; never forget that it is a precious possession of Jehovah

* To help you apply what you are learning, see the “Keep This in Mind” section of You Can Be Happy Forever! book, do the assignment.

7. What can children who are being raised by their parents think about?

22 THE WATCHTOWER

grace us. (Rom. 5:1, 2) So this year, before you attend the Memorial, sit down and meditate on the blessings that Jesus' death will bring you. Let such reflection move you to set goals to show your appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you through his Son, Jesus.* <<<P

we’ll play some, we’ll go to classes, we’ll go out in the ministry too, but maybe we’re just doing some; it is not motivated by love for Jehovah. So what do we do when we find that the love we once had is fading?

10 The apostle Paul urged Timothy to “continue applying yourself” to Jehovah's service and to “continue considering” how he could improve in his service to Jehovah. 12:11) For example, you can study the material well before you leave so that you can follow it with your mind. Or if you are studying, you can find a quiet place to go and meditate. You will be able to get the most out of what you are learning. If you light a fire and want it to keep burning, you will continue to add wood. These are all things that you need to do to show your appreciation for Jehovah's provisions, including the ransom. Also, just a few weeks before the Memorial, you can reflect on the blessings that Jehovah pours out on his Witnesses. They are a great way to deepen your appreciation for the ransom, which opens the way for you to have a personal relationship with Jehovah.

11 Sometimes you find that your zeal for God has waned,

10

Ask yourself, “What steps can I take to ‘make peace’ with Jehovah?” (See paragraph 16)

Download JW.ORG

examine yourselves for what you really are.” So sometimes we have to sit down and examine our lives to see how things are going. We might ask ourselves, 'Does my life course show that I put spiritual things first in my life?' (Matt. 6:33) 'Does my choice of entertainment really show that I hate sin?' (Eph. 4:2, 3) The Memorial season is an excellent time to reflect on these questions. Jehovah and his Son, Jesus, have shown us love. Reflecting on what they have done for us will move us to love them in return. There are many ways to get away from these things, but the most important thing is to make sure that everything you do is pleasing to Jehovah and Christ.*

THEY HAVE LEFT THE SERVICE OF JEHOVAH

14 Meanwhile, some of our brothers have stopped serving Jehovah. Some of them have been serving Jehovah for years, while others started serving Jehovah and stopped after a few months. What is the cause of this? Some are overwhelmed by “the anxieties of life.” (Luke 21:34) Others have been touched by the words or actions of a fellow Christian. (Jas. 3:2) Others committed serious sins that warranted help, but they did not take any action. So, if you have stopped serving Jehovah for some reason, what can you do? What should Jehovah's love for you move you to do in giving his Son, Jesus, to die for you?

15 Do you think that Jehovah has rejected or angered those who have left him? Daabida! When someone leaves Jehovah, Jehovah is searching for him. When he finds her, he teaches her, and helps her come back to him. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Do you see Jehovah searching for you to return to him? Yes, it is! The whole point of this article you are reading is that you want to return to Jehovah. Jehovah saw something good in your heart, and that is why he drew you into the truth. He still sees something

* For more information on how to show appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you, see the study article “What Motivates You to Serve God?” In the June 15, 1995, issue of the Journal.

14. What is the most common cause of depression?

15. What is the value of the 15-point slip resistance? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

24 THE WATCHTOWER

there is something good in your heart, so he wants to draw you back to him.

16 The Return to Jehovah brochure contains a very encouraging statement. It says: "Be assured that if you return to Jehovah, he will save you. He will help you to cope with your anxiety, and remove any pain. Then you will have a good conscience and peace and contentment. That will move you to serve Jehovah again with your Christian brothers. Remember, too, that the elders are ready to help you. They can be like “a hiding place from the wind and a place of concealment from the rainstorm” for you. (Isa. 32:2) We know that you appreciate the ransom, so ask yourself, 'What steps can I take to “make peace” with Jehovah? You can also tell one of the elders that you want to return to Jehovah. He may arrange for a brief re-study. Remember, every step you take to return to Jehovah is an expression of your appreciation for the ransom, and Jehovah will bless it too.

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (See also the photo.)

WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?

17 Jesus said that Jehovah sent him to give his life “so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.” (John 3:16) By means of the ransom, Jehovah can free us from the effects of sin and death. What the ransom has done for us should never be forgotten. (Rom. 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) In the days leading up to the Memorial, take time to meditate on the love that Jehovah and Jesus have shown for us. Doing so will move you to take action to show your appreciation.

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. What you do may not be what asomasi will do. But remember, Jehovah’s servants around the world are striving to “live no longer for themselves, but for him who died for them.” So you too can be sure that Jehovah will bless your efforts. —2 Cor. 5:1

17-1 As the Memorial approaches this year, how can we make the most of our time?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ If you are a Bible student, what can you do to show your appreciation for the ransom?

■ If you are baptized, what can you do to show your appreciation for the ransom?

■ If you have stopped serving Jehovah, what can you do to show your appreciation for the ransom?

SONG

Praise Be to the New King of the Earth

MARCH 30–APRIL 5, 2026

SONGS

What a Happy News!

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

We will look at how to be honest, and how to present the truth of the Bible to appeal to people.

When Teaching the Truth, Be Gracious

“Jehovah, the true God.”—PS. 31:5

WHEN we meet and talk with a fellow Witness of Jehovah, the most common question we ask is, “How did you come to know the truth?” Some often say that they were raised in the truth by their parents. Others may say that they have only recently come into the truth. Whether we were raised in the truth or we are new in it, each of us is guided by the truth of God’s Word in everything we do. Because we know that if we live the truth, we will be accepted by Jehovah into his family. One way to live the truth is to be truthful and to be morally upright.—Ps. 15:1-3

2 Jesus was always truthful, and everyone knew that. Even his enemies acknowledged that he was telling the truth, but they did not like the truth. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus gave his disciples a sense of how people would react to the truths he taught. “I came to cause division, with a man against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a young wife against her sister-in-law,” he said. (Matt. 10:35) Jesus did not expect opposition to himself and his disciples, but he knew that his truthfulness would inevitably lead to that. (Matt. 23:37) He knew that his truth would divide the world; some would be interested, others would not.—2 Thess. 2:9-1

3 We too may be reproached for telling the truth, but we strive to be truthful at all times in imitation of Jesus. Also, the truth of the Bible that we teach-

The 1.0-liter V-8 is a 1.5-liter V-8 with a 1.5-liter V-6 engine.

2. (a) What was Jesus known for? (b) The truth that Jesus taught would have a negative effect on people.

3. What will we consider in this study?

26

ré, some don’t want to hear it at all, but we don’t keep our mouths shut. Do you think this means that we should not think about how and when to teach the truth? Daabida! This article will answer these questions: Where can we find the truth? Why should we be honest? How do we say it? When should we teach the truth? The answers to those questions will help us to determine how to cultivate the quality of our speech when teaching the truth and when it is appropriate to speak.

WHERE CAN WE FIND THE TRUTH?

4 The truth comes from Jehovah. So everything he says is true. For example, all of his rules are true. (Ps. 19:9; 119:142, 151) Moreover, he fulfills every prophecy he fulfills. (Isa. 55:10, 11) And he keeps his promises. (Num. 23:19) The truth is, Jehovah can never lie! (Heb. 6:18) All of this is why the Bible calls Jehovah “the God of truth.”—Ps. 31:5

5 Some say that it is difficult to find “the true God,” Jehovah, but that is not true. Because everything around us testifies to his existence. (Rom. 1:20) When speaking to some Greek intellectuals in Athens, the apostle Paul said that God wants us to “find him,” and that “he is not far off from each one of us.” (Read Acts 17:27.) In fact, Jehovah draws humble people who seek the truth.—John 17:3 6:4

4. Why can we say that the truth comes from Jehovah?

5. Why is it easy to find the “true God”? Explain the value. (Acts 17:27)

6 One way to get to know Jehovah is by studying the Bible. The men who wrote the Bible were inspired by God. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) So everything in the Bible is true, and we can trust it. For example, the Bible tells us that God created the heavens and the earth, as well as humans and animals. (Gen. 1:1, 26) It also explains why all humans are sinners and why there is so much suffering and death. (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) Moreover, it says that Jehovah will use his Son to undo all the harm that has been caused by Satan, “the father of the lie.” (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) The Bible also says that Jesus will destroy the wicked, resurrect the dead, cleanse the earth, and help us to be free from sin and imperfection. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) All of this is trustworthy. Jehovah has taught us the truth, and he has given us the opportunity to teach it to others. What a privilege that is!—Matt. 28:19,

WHY SHOULD WE BE HONEST?

7 As we have seen earlier, truthfulness is essential to being part of Jehovah’s family. But to be acceptable to Jehovah, not only must we speak the truth but the attitude with which we speak the truth matters to him. Consider what happened during Jesus' earthly ministry. (Read Mark 3:11, 12.) Once, while Jesus was preaching near the Sea of ​​Galilee, a crowd gathered

6. What are some of the truths of the Bible, and why are you thrilled to discover this truth?

7-8 Does the attitude toward the truth matter? Give an example. (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also illustration.)

JANUARY

When you teach the truth, who do you give credit to? (See paragraphs 7-8)

bet around him. Among the crowd were some demon-possessed men who fell down at Jesus' feet and cried out: “You are the Son of God.” Why did the demons say this fact about Jesus? They may have wanted to win the trust of those who heard them, and to use it to slowly draw such ones away from Jehovah. What the demons said was true, but they did not have the right attitude. Jesus, on the other hand, could not cast dust out of his eyes, for he already knew their thoughts. So he told the demons not to tell anyone about him.

8 What can we learn from this? That is, why we tell the truth matters to Jehovah. Therefore, the most important motivation for teaching the truth is love for Jehovah, and when others give us the glory, we should give it all to Jehovah!—Matt. 5:16; compare Acts 14:12-1

9 Let us consider something else in which we should not be proud. Suppose an elder confides in us, but we find out that we are telling others. Those to whom we tell, later when they find out the truth of what we said, may be interested in us, and have the impression that we know a lot of secrets. In that case, we may be given special respect, but it will not please Jehovah. (Prov. 11:13) Why? Because we have no right to reveal confidential information even if what we say is true. Besides, the memory is bad.

HOW DO WE TEACH THE TRUTH?

10 Read Colossians 4:6 The apostle Paul told the Christians in Colossae

The 9.0-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

10. What does the Bible mean when it says that our lips should be “sweet”? (Colossians 4:6)

28 THE WATCHTOWER

that they should keep their mouths “always sweet.” What does that mean? The Greek word used here means that when we speak, we should speak words that help people. Besides, we have to say it in a nice, heartwarming way.

11 Paul's counsel to keep our tongue free is appropriate when teaching others the truth. The Bible says that the truth of God’s Word is like a sharp knife that can pierce the soul and spirit. This means that God’s Word can reveal what is really inside us. (Heb. 4:12) But if we do not use the Bible properly, it can become offensive and lead to misunderstandings. How could such a thing happen?

11-1 Why should we be cautious when teaching the truth? Give an illustration. (See also the photo.)

12 Imagine that you are in the field service and you come across a father. He is a frequent idolater and celebrates Christmas and Easter with his family. Of course, we can show him from the Bible that it is wrong to pray to images and that Christmas and Easter are rooted in paganism. (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) But if we do that the very first day, we are telling him the truth, and we are not making good use of God’s Word.

13 Paul also said to let salt be in your tongue. He did not mean that if there is truth, we should not cover it up or distort it. Rather, he was encouraging us to cultivate the quality of our speech so that we could reach the hearts of others with the truth. (Job 12:11) But this can be difficult. If we cook, we probably can

13. How can we add salt to our speech?

How can you teach the truth effectively? (See paragraphs 11-12)

To imitate Jesus, we need to know the right time to teach the truth. Also, we should not pour everything on them at once

(See paragraph 15)

have come to the conclusion that the more salt we want in the food, the more everyone wants it. Also, when we talk, we might get the impression that everyone likes the way we talk, but that is not true. For example, if you go to some countries, people are frank; even if the person is older than they are, they speak the same way. In other countries, however, such bluntness is viewed as uncomfortable and can be very upsetting. Paul said that we need to know how to “give an answer to everyone.” This means that when we speak, we should speak with graciousness, not with flattery.

WHEN SHOULD WE TEACH THE TRUTH?

14 Jesus always spoke to his followers with graciousness, and he patiently taught them many things. (Mark 6:34) But they still had much to learn. Do you think Jesus poured out all he knew on them? No. He knew that some things were not yet understood. He even said that they could not bear the words he had to tell them. (John 16:12) What does this teach us?

15 Jesus' example shows that knowing the truth does not mean that we have to pour out everything we know at once. How, then, can we imitate Jesus? We need to understand people. Let’s look back at the father celebrating Christmas and Easter with his family. We know that these celebrations are rooted in paganism and are not approved by God. But suppose you started studying with your father a week or two before Christmas. If we show him what the Bible says about idolatry-

14. When Jesus was on earth, did he teach his disciples everything he knew? Explain the value.

15. Should we pour out everything we know to our Bible students at once? Explain the value. (Proverbs 25:11) (See also photo.)

30 THE WATCHTOWER

religious holidays and expect him to stop celebrating Christmas right away, do you think we can say we made our mouths sweet? Of course, some Bible students are quick to apply what they learn from the Bible. Others take time to make changes. To help our Bible students progress, we need to know what they need to know at the right time or at the right time.—Read Proverbs 25:1

16 The joy that comes from helping people learn the truth about Jehovah is beyond words. To help others “go on walking in the truth,” we must: Continue to set a good example for them. (3 John 3, 4) Demonstrate by your life course that you have real faith in the promises of God’s Word. If you are telling the truth, do so in good faith. When teaching the truth, always be gracious, and know when to say something. Also, when people praise you, give all the credit to Jehovah. They are a great way to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city.

16. How can we help our Bible students to “go on walking in the truth”?

CAPTION Page 29: In the first picture, a brother is in the ministry and sees a Christmas tree in a father's house; pointing to an article on jw.org that shows that Christmas is rooted in paganism. In the second picture, the brother is showing the father an article on jw.org that will help fathers. Which of these two methods do you think will work best?

WHAT HAVE YOU LEARNED FROM THE FOLLOWING SCRIPTURES?

■ Acts 17:27

■ Colossians 4:6

■ Proverbs 25:1

SONGS

“Good news”!

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

January 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 1 ENGLISH

CONTENTS OF THIS WATCH

Study Article March 2-8

Let God Continue to Guide You

Study Article March 9-1

What You Can Do When You Are Overwhelmed by Sadness or Anxiety

Study Article March 16-22 14

Why We Need the Ransom

Study Article March 23-2

How Can You Show Your Appreciation for the Ransom?

Study Article March 30–April 5 26

When Teaching the Truth, Be Gracious

STUDY SUGGESTIONS

Visualize the Bible Scenes

There are many events from the past recorded in the Bible, and we can learn a lot from them. If we read those words and want to understand them better, we need to visualize them. The following suggestions may help you to do so:

• Read it out of your mouth. Reading the Bible aloud will help you to visualize it more clearly. If you are reading the Bible with your family, you could have each family member read one of the characters. Doing so can give you a better visualization.

• Imagine what was going on. Try to understand what those you are reading about were thinking and feeling. You might ask yourself: ‘Why did the person say that, or why did he or she do what he or she did? What would I have thought, or how would I have felt, if that had happened to me?'

• You can drill. Picturing and drawing a Bible account can help you remember it better. Even if your drawing isn’t pretty, it can help.

This book, we don’t sell. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People voluntarily donate to support the project. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Visit the jw.org website in English, or scan this icon with your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.01-E