JULY

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

CLASSES: SEPTEMBER 7–OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13,

Learn From the Gibeonites

“The Gibeonites have concluded a covenant of peace with Israel, and they are dwelling with them.”—JOSH. 10:1

PSALM 88 Teach Me Your Ways

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

We will see what we can learn from the Gibeonites. We will also see what we can learn from Jehovah's dealings with them.

40 years after leaving Egypt, the Israelites arrived in the Promised Land. With Jehovah's help, they conquered such cities as Jericho and Ai. But then something completely unexpected happened. As it turned out, while there, they didn’t visit with a traveler’s face. Their whole point is that they have come from a distant land and want to make a peace treaty with the Israelites.

2 These travelers were Gibeonites. When they visited the Israelites, that is the first time the Bible mentions them. The Bible tells us that the Gibeonites lived with the Israelites for many years. The lives of the Gibeonites and the Israelites are full of lessons, and they also reveal some of the qualities of Jehovah God.

SHOW FAITH AND HUMILITY

3 When the Israelites entered the land of Canaan, there were seven nations to conquer. They were the fulfillment of nations that were “more numerous and mightier” than the Israelites. (Deut. 7:1) These seven nations included the Hivites, from whom the Gibeonites came. You look at the Gibeonites like this, the city they lived in was walled all around; the soldiers, too, had plenty for nothing. (Jos. 10:2) Nevertheless, the Gibeonites realized that if they followed the rest of the nations in battle against Israel, they would be defeated. Because they knew that Jehovah was fighting for the Israelites and had promised to drive all the Canaanites out of the land. (Ex. 34:11; Josh. 9:24) So when the Gibeonites heard that the Israelites had defeated Je-

1-2 Why should we care about what the Bible says about the Gibeonites?

3. (a) What were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did they want peace with the Israelites?

2

The Gibeonites tricked the Israelites into making a peace treaty with them

(See paragraph 4)

after the conquest of Rikoh and Ai, they immediately sent men* to Joshua at Gilgal, to implore him to show them mercy and to make a covenant of peace with them.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-1 The Gibeonites pretended to come from a distant land. They said that they had heard what Jehovah had done to all the kings of Egypt and the Amorites, Sihon and Og, by means of the Israelites. But the Gibeonites did not do as the Israelites had done to Jericho and Ai. Because these cities had recently been destroyed by the Israelites, it would have been difficult for someone from “a distant land” to hear about them so quickly. You can see that the Gibeonites were clever

paa. The elders of Israel, too, did not inquire of Jehovah on the matter at all; all the things that the Gibeonites showed them and the words that they spoke, they believed. (Jos. 9:14, 15) The Gibeonites' actions soon became clear. But because the elders of Israel had “sworn by the name of Jehovah,” they did not harm the Gibeonites. (Jos. 9:16-19) Instead, the Gibeonites were put to work in the fields. That is, they were to “give wood and water for the assembly and for the altar of Jehovah.”—Josh. 9:2

5 When the five Amorite kings heard that the Gibeonites had snuffed out the Israelites, they gathered together to tell the Gibeonites how to do it. The Gibeonites cried out to Joshua for help. (Jos. 10:3-7) So Joshua led the Israelites in a victory over the Gibeonites, and Jehovah intervened in their victory. As a result, Jehovah sent hail

* The men who went up to Joshua to speak to him were from Gibeon, Chephirah, Beeroth, and Kiriath Jearim.—Josh. 9:1

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites deceive the Israelites into making a peace treaty with them? (See also opening image.) (b) How did the Israelites react to the Gibeonites’ deception?

5. What did the Gibeonites do that showed their faith in Jehovah?

JULY

3

great rain fell from heaven and killed some of the Amorite soldiers, and he kept the sun standing still until the Israelites defeated the Amorites. (Jos. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites showed great faith in Jehovah. Why is it so? You see, they themselves went to ask the Israelites to make a peace treaty with them. Also, when they got caught in the trap, they cried out to Joshua for help. They are a strong example of the ability of the Lord to protect and deliver them.

6 What does this tell us about Jehovah? It shows that Jehovah is humble and merciful. The fact is, Jehovah had earlier told the Israelites to “drive out all the inhabitants of the land.” (Num. 33:51, 52) That people included the Gibeonites. But because of the Israelites’ promise to the Gibeonites, Jehovah spared them. Jehovah could have said that the Israelites did not consult him when they swore to the Gibeonites, so the Gibeonites must be destroyed anyway. Instead, Jehovah kept his promise to the Gibeonites and used his power to deliver them.—Josh. 9:26; 11:1

7 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? There is a need to strengthen our faith in Jehovah. In a sense, we know more about Jehovah than the Gibeonites did. So the basis for trust in Jehovah is overwhelming. (Ps. 40:4, 5) Another lesson we can learn from the Gibeonites is that we should be humble in doing what others may view as menial tasks in Jehovah's service. (Josh. 9:23, 27) A young brother named Luke recalls that he was surprised by the actions of an elder at Bethel. This brother had great responsibilities at Bethel. But he did something very humble. Once, a Kingdom Hall was being built, so some brothers were needed to keep watch at night. As soon as the brother heard about it, he volunteered to go on guard. “The brother’s example taught me that when we talk about true humility, it’s not with words, it’s with actions,” says Luke. So, like the Gibeonites, we too can show faith in Jehovah when we face adversity. Also, when we humbly accept whatever assignment we are given in Jehovah's organization, we imitate the Gibeonites.

IF SOMEONE DOES NOT TREAT YOU WELL, LEAVE IT TO JEHOVAH

8 Years later, the Gibeonites reappeared in the Bible. At that time, Saul was king of Israel, and he targeted the Gibeonites who lived in Israel. Saul was “keeping watch over Israel and Judah,” so he set out to destroy the Gibeonites.* He eventually killed some of them. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) How unfair that Saul was to the Gibeonites! The peace treaty that the Israelites had made with the Gibeonites years earlier is broken by Saul in one day.

9 Jehovah did not immediately respond to Saul's actions against the Gibeonites. He waited until David succeeded Saul before taking action. Jehovah caused a three-year white drought in Israel, which led to a great famine. David inquired of Jehovah why this had happened, and Jehovah told him that Saul and his household had been guilty of bloodguilt for years

* The Bible does not say exactly why Saul was “stirring up trouble for Israel and Judah.” Some scholars suggest that Saul may not have welcomed foreigners in his country.

6. What can we learn from Jehovah’s dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we imitate the faith and humility of the Gibeonites? (See also the photo.)

8. What did Saul do to the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah respond to Saul's attack on the Gibeonites?

4

THE WATCHTOWER

Humble yourself by doing small things that others consider menial, and imitate the Gibeonites

(See paragraph 7)

the Gibeonites were treated unfairly. Therefore, he will not be punished.—2 Sam. 21:1

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6 David asked the Gibeonites what he should do to atone for Saul's sin. Do you think the Gibeonites would say that David had been sitting on the matter for a long time without doing anything about it, so they would ask him to pay them a large sum of money? Consider what the Gibeonites said to David. “It’s not a matter of silver and gold,” they said. This statement of the Gibeonites shows that they were very familiar with God’s Law. For the law said, Whosoever shall kill shall be put to death; no amount of money can atone for it. (Num. 35:30, 31) The Gibeonites also knew that only the King had the right to order execution. So David tells the Gib ́e·on·ites that they can kill seven men from Saul's family. These men may have been among those who helped Saul kill the Gibeonites. Then the rains began to fall in Israel, and both the drought and the famine ended. This meant that Jehovah had now turned his anger away from the Israelites.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10,

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. It shows that Jehovah is unjust. (Ps. 37:28) Today, there are people who are not of the same race or background as you. But that is not what Jehovah wants us to do, he wants us to treat all people fairly. There are also some of Jehovah's servants who are treated very badly, and others who are hated for serving Jehovah. But Jehovah has promised that he will soon bring an end to all injustice. Another lesson is that just as Jehovah expected the Israelites to keep their promises to the Gibeonites, so he expects us to keep whatever promises we make.—Compare Amos 1:9

12 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? Even if we have been treated unfairly by a fellow Christian, we must wait on Jehovah. We must remember that Jehovah’s times are good, so when his time is right, he will deal with it. There are many ways to get away from these things, but the best way to do it is to trust in Jehovah to solve your problems for you.

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, what did the Gibeonites do to obey the Law of Jehovah?

The 11-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

12. How can we imitate the Gibeonites when we are treated unfairly?

JULY 2026 | 5

Take, for example, the case of Laura French. In 1926 he went to Bethel, and ten years later he suffered a tragedy. He was accused of associating with apostates. As a result, Sister French was dismissed from Bethel. Although the matter reached him, he did not announce it. Instead, he worked hard in the pioneer service for four years. Sister French was then invited to Bethel again in 1940; he was surprised and very happy. He continued to serve Jehovah faithfully at Bethel for 50 years until his death. Sister French's story shows that even if our brothers do not treat us well, we should not retaliate. Instead, we simply leave it in Jehovah's hands, and in due time he will see to it that things are done.—Isa. 26:3,

CONTINUE TO FOLLOW JEHOVAH'S SERVICE

13 Some 500 years after David's death, the Gibeonites reappeared in the Bible. The Jews went into exile in Babylon for 70 years, and in 537 BCE, some of them returned to Jerusalem with Governor Zerubbabel. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Then others came with the scribe Ezra in 468 BCE (Ezra 7:1-7) “The Nethinim” were among those who accompanied Governor Zerubbabel and the scribe Ezra to Jerusalem. (See footnotes on Ezra 2:58 and 7:7.) Who, then, were these Nethinim? They were “non-Israelite temple servants or temple servants,” many of whom were likely descendants of the Gibeonites.—See the Bible Dictionary, “Nethinim.”

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote. The “temple servants” were among the first to come to Jerusalem from Babylon. Their actions are a testament to their faith, for not even all the Jewish exiles in Babylon returned to Jerusalem. Some of the Jews may have made a fortune in Babylon, so it was difficult for them to leave behind a comfortable lifestyle to help rebuild Jerusalem. But some of the Jews showed great faith. Their hearts were set on returning to Jerusalem to rebuild the temple to Jehovah and worship him. Although the journey back to Jerusalem was not easy, they did not let anything get in the way. These people, likely included some of the descendants of the Gibeonites. The Jews had land in Israel, but the descendants of the Gibeonites had no land. But they did not use that as an excuse; they returned to resume work on the temple and helped to rebuild the walls of Jerusalem.—Neh. 3:2

15. What does this tell us about Jehovah? This story shows that when someone makes a sacrifice to Jehovah, Jehovah is completely indifferent to that person, and he will never let that person down! Why are we saying that? In view of the Amorite attack on the Gibeonites, Jehovah was not surprised; he cut them off. Besides, when the Babylonians destroyed Jerusalem, Jehovah protected the descendants of the Gibeonites. Moreover, after the Jews returned from Babylon, Jehovah did not forget the Gibeonites; he resumed the work on the temple. Some of the Gibeonites even lived near the temple. (Ezra 2:70; Neh. 11:21) Because of the temple service, they were tax-free.—Ezra 7:2

13. Who are “the Nethinim,” and what did the Jews do on their return from Babylon?

14. The Gibeonites showed their support for the worship of Jehovah. (1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote)

15. What does this account of the Gibeonites tell us about Jehovah?

6 THE WATCHTOWER

16 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? We, too, want to be active in the service of Jehovah, and help others come to know him. Because we love Jehovah and want to please him, we make whatever sacrifices are necessary to serve him fully. Alwin, from the Philippines, is an example. He worked for an oil company, and his salary was modest. But he wanted to devote more of his time to Jehovah. Each time the circuit overseer visited his congregation, he asked for time off from work so that he could spend more time in the ministry that week. When he does, the pleasure he gets is no small matter. At one point, Alwin wanted to quit his job and become a regular pioneer. So she often put it to Jehovah to help her find a job that would allow her to become a regular pioneer. He knew that his new job would pay nothing compared to his oil job. But that wasn’t quite what he was looking at. He just needed the pioneer job. Later, his wife also became a pioneer, and together they have been able to help 21 people to become Jehovah's Witnesses. What Alwin and his wife have done is something that Jehovah will never forget. Also, whatever sacrifices you have made in Jehovah's service, be assured that he will never forget you and will see to it that you have whatever you need.—Matt. 6:3

17 The account of the Gibeonites teaches us much about Jehovah. It has also shown us that Jehovah is humble, compassionate, just, and faithful. Moreover, he will never let his servants give up when they make sacrifices in his service. We have learned another lesson from the story of the Gibeonites that we can apply. For example, when we face problems or tragedies, we need to turn to Jehovah and put our trust in him. Also, we should humbly accept any assignment in Jehovah’s service. Not only that, when people don’t treat us right, we need to remember that Jehovah’s times are good times, so we need to leave everything in his hands. We have also come to realize that we need to be zealous and zealous in pursuing Jehovah’s service. So let’s do our best to imitate the Gibeonites.

16. What can we learn from the Gibeonites?

17. What is the lesson of the Gibeonites?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ How can we show faith and humility like those of the Gibeonites?

■ How can we imitate the Gibeonites when we are treated unfairly?

■ How can we pursue Jehovah’s service as the Gibeonites did?

PSALM 148 Jehovah Is the Deliverer

SEPTEMBER 14-20,

PSALM 41 Hear My Prayer

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

Bowing or forgetting and reading the book of Isaiah can be invigorating.

The Book of Isaiah Can Comfort You

“This is what Jehovah has said: . . . 'As a woman comforts her son, so I myself shall comfort you people.'”—Isa. 66:12,

IMAGINE that a child is crying, and you make up for it. Maybe the whole reason she’s crying is because she’s moving out with her parents. So he is sad to leave his friends. Or maybe he has made a mistake, and he is crying because he feels sorry for her. What would a loving father do in that case? She will hug her son and listen to why he is crying. Afterwards, she had assured her son that she was very dear to him.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah is like a loving, comforting father. “As a woman comforts her son, so I will comfort you people,” he says. (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah's love for us is greater than that of any parent for his child. (Isa. 49:15) Jehovah has provided abundant comfort in his Word, the Bible, so that when we are discouraged or depressed, we can be strengthened.—Rom. 15:4

3 Jehovah fills the book of Isaiah with comfort. (Isa. 40:1) At times, Jehovah's people in Judah were in a difficult situation. As a loving Father, Jehovah inspired Isaiah to write many words of encouragement. We too live in “critical times hard to deal with,” so we need comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let us, then, consider how some passages from the book of Isaiah can comfort and strengthen us in the following situations. First, when things change suddenly in our lives. Second, when we are tormented by past sins. Lastly, when we are grieving the loss of a loved one.

1-2 When we are discouraged or discouraged, what does Jehovah do to help us?

3. What will we consider in this study?

8

WHEN THINGS SUDDENLY CHANGE

4 Things can change all of a sudden in our lives. (Eccl. 9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) Perhaps we are struck by health problems, economic hardships, political upheavals, or organizational changes. Such changes can cause you to lose your sight and even your mind. In that case, you might ask; “So now, what do I do?” Joseph served at Bethel for 17 years and was later appointed as a regular pioneer. “It felt like a dream,” she says. “This thing, I had been at Bethel for a long time, so leaving to start a new life was not easy. When things change so suddenly, what assurance does Jehovah give us in the book of Isaiah that can help us?

5 Read Isaiah 42:1 When a person feels that his whole world is in darkness and he does not know where to go, Jehovah has promised to guide him and to turn the darkness into light. When our lives change suddenly and we do not know what lies ahead, it can be as if we are “blind,” as if we are walking in “a path we have never seen,” in “darkness,” or in “a winding place.” It may make us feel like we are walking through a forest without knowing where to turn. But Jehovah has assured us that no matter how far the course may go, he will guide us, and he will never leave us! He will lead us by the hand through the darkness, he will make our paths light, and where there is no place

4. How can sudden changes in our lives affect us?

5. What assurance does Jehovah give us in Isaiah 42:16? (See also the photo.)

Even if things change suddenly in your life, Jehovah will never leave you (See paragraph 5)

'If you walk down a path you have never walked before, I will not leave you.'

the valleys, he will make them lie down, and we will not tire out. How will he do it? He will give us sound counsel through his Word, the Bible, and his congregation. (Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) He will also provide help through our Christian brotherhood and others. So even when things are difficult and we do not know what lies ahead, we can be sure that Jehovah will guide us, for he loves us and knows what we are going through.—Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6,

6 Joseph, mentioned earlier, learns how Jehovah helped him and his wife after they left Bethel. “When we left Bethel,” she says, “we felt Jehovah's hand in our lives. He helped us through our brothers. Jehovah gave us everything we needed in life, and he gave us so much comfort. You too, if things change suddenly in your life and no matter how difficult, be assured that Jehovah will guide and strengthen you. (Isa. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph adds: “One of our songs touches my heart: 'I don't know what tomorrow will bring. Whatever happens, he is with me.

WHEN WE ARE TORTURED BY PAST SINS

7 If we have sinned seriously and confess it, the elders will love us and will help us. After that, we get tired

* The lyrics are from songs not in our songbook. We have named it “Jehovah Is With Me.”

6. What confidence can we have when things change suddenly in our lives?

7. How can past sins affect some?

about not repeating that sin. (Prov. 28:13; Jas. 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) But despite Jehovah's forgiveness, our conscience can still torment us. You may wonder, 'How can Jehovah forgive me for this sin?' (2 Cor. 2:7) Your feelings are understandable, for dwelling on past sins can be overwhelming and can be difficult to erase. “My bones faint because of my sin,” said King David when he sinned. “I am numb, and completely broken,” he added. (Ps. 38:3, 8) If you are still plagued by past sins, the book of Isaiah can be of great help to you.

8 Read Isaiah 1:1 Jehovah uses a beautiful illustration to show us how he forgives our sins completely. He says that even if our sins are “as scarlet,” he will make them “white as snow.” We know that koogyan is something hard to miss. But Jehovah assures us that when he forgives us, he forgives us completely; he will never remember it again!

9 Take, for example, King David. Although he committed adultery and murder, Jehovah forgave him and later described David as a man of integrity. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Ki. 9:4, 5) Jehovah focused on David's faithfulness, not on his past sins. We too, when we sin and are truly repentant, Jehovah forgives us and gives us a clean conscience to serve him. What more comfort is there in the book of Isaiah

8-9 How does Isaiah 1:18 show how Jehovah forgives?

10 THE WATCHTOWER

“You have thrown all my sins behind your back.”

Jehovah does not look at past sins (See paragraph 11)

can it help us when our conscience is tormenting us?

10 Read Isaiah 38:17 and footnote. The phrase, “you have thrown all my sins behind your back” can also be translated, “You have removed all my sins from your presence.” This illustration shows that when a sinner repents, Jehovah puts his sin behind him, so that Jehovah does not see it or remember it again. One reference work also suggests that this phrase can be translated: "You have made [my sin] as if I had done nothing wrong. So when Jehovah forgives our sins, it is as if we have never done anything wrong in his eyes; he will never bring it up again, nor will he punish us for it again. He wipes that sin away completely. “I will remember your sin no more,” he has promised. (Isa. 43:25) Is that not comforting? As Jehovah, the Supreme Judge

Never allow past sins to rob you of your joy in serving Jehovah

even the memory of past sins, then why should we let it torment us?

11 Whenever we are beset by past sins, we need to remember Jehovah's assurance. He has told us that when he forgives, he forgives. We are not ashamed of our past sins. Also, he is not like humans and has a grudge against us. (Isa. 57:16) Jehovah looks, not at past sins, but at our present conduct and efforts to please him. (Isa. 55:7)

10. What comfort does Isaiah 38:17 give?

11. Regardless of past sins, what does Jehovah look for in us? (See also the photo.)

JULY 2026 11

“Your dead will live.”

The hope of seeing our dead loved ones again will be fulfilled without fail (See paragraph 14)

The God we serve is truly a loving and forgiving God! Therefore, we should never allow past sins to rob us of our joy in serving Jehovah. Moreover, we should not let that cause us to stop serving Jehovah and deprive ourselves of future blessings.

WHEN WE ARE MOURNING THE DEATH OF A LOVED ONE

12 When a loved one dies, grief can overwhelm us, and the pain can last a long time. Sometimes we don’t understand that Jehovah caused our loved one to die. Consider Michael; a fire broke out in his parents’ house, burning them to death. “My heart broke,” she says, “and I was angry with Jehovah for seeing to it that they died. Perhaps you have felt that way. When we are so overwhelmed by grief, what comfort and hope does Jehovah offer?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8 Jehovah has promised to “swallow up death forever.” Imagine living in a world where death is no more. You will never have to grieve over the death of a loved one. (Isa. 35:10) Similarly, you will never see a loved one lying in a coffin being buried. Instead, you hope to live with your loved ones forever with determination. This promise is not a promise; God himself has spoken, for only he can bring it to pass.—Rev. 21:4,

14 Read Isaiah 26:1 Jehovah will not just remove death; he will bring our dead loved ones back to life. Consider what he says about the dead.

12. How can we feel when a loved one dies?

13. What promise does Jehovah make at Isaiah 25:8?

14. How does the contemplation of the resurrection make you feel? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also photo.)

12 THE WATCHTOWER

“My corpses will rise,” he says. This shows that they belong to Jehovah, and he remembers them all. So when the time comes, he will resurrect them. Just as the morning dew makes the plants blossom, so Jehovah, the Source of life, will bring our dead loved ones back to life. You just want to see us welcome them! Only joy!—Compare Mark 5:4

15 Although Jehovah's promise to resurrect our dead loved ones does not ease our grief, we can take comfort in knowing that Jehovah has not forgotten them. Michael, mentioned earlier, found comfort in this hope. “Isaiah 26:19 helped me to see that my parents are very dear to Jehovah, and I know that he has not forgotten them, that he will continue to remember them until he resurrects them in the future. Let us, too, keep thinking about the hope of seeing our dead loved ones again. There are a few things that you can do to ease the pain.

16 We have seen how some of the words of Isaiah can comfort us when we experience sudden changes in our life, when we are tormented by past sins, or when we are grieving over the death of a loved one. We are grateful that Jehovah comforts and soothes our hearts through his Word. (Ps. 94:19) When you are going through a difficult time, is there a specific proverb that comforts you? If so, then keep it in your head, you can even throw it away, or throw it away where you usually see it. We are confident that you will find comfort in the words of our loving heavenly Father, Jehovah.

15. How does the resurrection hope help us when a loved one dies?

16. When you are going through a difficult time, what specific scripture comforts you?

COVER Page 9: A Bethel couple move to a new congregation and are warmly welcomed. Page 11: A brother at the pioneer school, happy; he does not let past sins torment him.

WHAT COMFORT IS THERE . . . . . . . .

■ Isaiah 42:16?

■ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

SONG

Our Strength, Our Hope and Our Confidence

SEPTEMBER 21-27,

SONG

Almighty, Jehovah God

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

We will examine what it means to know or know Jehovah, why we need to know Jehovah better, and how to get to know him better.

Keep Getting to Know Jehovah Better

“Know the God of your father and serve him . . . with a complete heart.”—1 CHRON. 28:9

JEHOVAH’S knowledge and wisdom are many, and his wonderful works are many. When we think about the nature of the Creator, we are amazed. As a result, we may echo the words of the apostle Paul: “O the depth of God's riches and wisdom and knowledge! 11:33,

2 Although we cannot see everything about Jehovah, we can see what helps us to know what he is like. The reason for this is that King David told his son Solomon: “Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart. If you search for him, he will let himself be found by you.” (1 Ki. 28:9) Years later, the apostle John told his fellow Christians that “the only true one can come to know you.” (1 John 5:20) 11:2

3 We are dedicated to Jehovah and have already learned a lot about him. But we will never fully ‘see’ him, or fully learn about him. (John 17:3) For example, we can learn each day how to please Jehovah and how to build our trust in him. Whether we have been in the congregation for a long time or not, let us consider three questions. It will help us all get to know Jehovah better. That is: What does it mean to know Jehovah intimately? Why should we keep getting to know Jehovah better? How can we get to know him better?

1. How do we feel about Jehovah’s wisdom, knowledge, and wonderful works?

2. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

3. What will we consider in this study?

14

WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO KNOW JEHOVAH?

4 Jehovah's words about the Jews who would return from Babylon give us insight into our understanding of Jehovah. “I will give them a heart to know me,” said Jehovah. (Jer. 24:7) The Babylonians already knew a great deal about Jehovah. But to know Jehovah better, they had to seek him with all their heart and mind. “There is a big difference between saying that one knows about God,” explains one reference work, “and saying that one knows God well. It is not the fear of knowing that there is a God, and that his name is Jehovah. Instead, we need to get to know him better.

5 As we get to know Jehovah better, we learn what he likes and dislikes. Take King Josiah, for example. “In the eighth year of his reigning, while he was still a boy, he started to search for the God of David his forefather,” says the Bible. (2 Ki. 34:3) But he did more than learn about Jehovah. Through the prophet Jeremiah, Jehovah said that Josiah “exercised justice and righteousness,” defending the afflicted and poor. Then Jehovah said: “Is it not by that that someone knows me?”—Jer. 22:15,

6 Read Psalm 9:1 When we see Yeho-

wa well, it will increase our confidence in him. The apostle Paul found this to be true. “I am not ashamed,” he whispered in prison shortly before his death, “for I know the One in whom I have believed.” (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul's knowledge of Jehovah and his experience of God's help enabled him to put his complete trust in him. This shows that Paul was confident that Jehovah would not forget his faithful service and would resurrect him in the future.

WHY DO YOU NEED TO KNOW JEHOVAH BETTER?

7 When we first learned about Jehovah, we worked hard to get to know him better. But the longer we serve Jehovah, the more likely we are to view him as we have come to know him. Why is this possible? When reading the Bible at home or at a study, we will likely focus on how to apply what we learn and how to help others. And if we do, we have not sinned, for that is what the Bible tells us to do. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) However, the Bible also reveals much about Jehovah. (Ps. 25:8-10) Therefore, when reading the Bible, we should not be concerned only with helping ourselves and others. Instead, we should also ask ourselves: 'What does this tell me about Jehovah God?'*

8 Getting to know Jehovah better will help us to

* If you look at the New World Translation, the front cover has a section entitled “Contents.” See question 20th.

4. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah when it comes to getting to know Jehovah better?

6. How does Psalm 9:10 help us to know Jehovah better?

7. What can happen if we serve Jehovah for a long time?

8. How does knowing Jehovah better benefit our relationship with him? (Psalm 73:24-28)

JULY 2026 15

his friendship has grown stronger. For example, how do you feel when you read the Bible every day, watch the monthly Broadcasting program, or attend a meeting? We are the ones who feel closer to our heavenly Father. Why is it so? Since we have learned so much about him. That’s why it makes us praise him, and thank him. We feel as did the psalmist Asaph. “God is the rock of my heart and my portion forever,” he said, reflecting on Jehovah’s love for him. (Read Psalm 73:24-28.) The more we learn to know Jehovah, the more we will realize that our relationship with him is something we cannot take for granted.

9 The Bible tells us to “see” Jehovah. (Prov. 3:5, 6) This means that we need to meditate on what we have learned about Jehovah, keeping in mind that our conduct matters to him. There are a few things that you can do to help you make better decisions. For example, some brothers and sisters have a picture of their spouse on their desk, in their wallet, or on their cell phone. They are able to think about their partner more often. They also make sure that whatever they do makes their mate happy, not sad or upset. The more we meditate on Jehovah, the more we will be able to make decisions that please him.—Ps. 19:13,

10 Jehovah created us in his image, so we have the ability to imitate his personality. (Gen. 1:26) Continuing to learn about Jehovah will help

9. How does “seeing” Jehovah help us? Ma mfatohi.

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100% and the value is 100%.

we have been able to imitate him better. Jesus strongly condemned the hypocrites and Pharisees for not reflecting God's character. Although they took the lesser details of the Law for granted, they disregarded “the weightier matters of the Law, namely, justice and mercy and faithfulness.” Then we will be able to imitate Jehovah's personality.—1 John 5:3 4:8,

HOW DO WE GET TO KNOW JEHOVAH BETTER?

11. Who helped you to know Jehovah? Perhaps your parents raised you in the truth. Perhaps they shared with you Bible accounts that reveal Jehovah's personality, and you were shown that Jehovah's personality is also revealed in his creation. Or perhaps one of Jehovah's Witnesses called on you to study the Bible. As Jehovah's personality is revealed in the Bible and in creation, your student may offer You Can Be Happy Forever! the book helped you to think deeply.* (Neh. 8:8; Acts 14:17) In each case, let us consider how we can continue to learn about Jehovah.

The 12-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s

* See You Can Be Happy Forever! lesson 07 paragraphs 5-7

11. How did you come to know Jehovah?

12-1 What can we learn about Jehovah from reading the Bible? Give an example. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also cover.)

16 THE WATCHTOWER

Meditate on Jehovah’s creation, and you will come to know him better

(See paragraph 15)

study the Bible. The Bible sometimes deliberately describes a specific quality of Jehovah. (Ex. 34:6, 7) However, it often describes events and decisions. So when you read a Bible passage like this, be patient and see what it tells you about Jehovah.

13 Consider an example. Imagine that you are reading Jeremiah 38:6-13 and learn that Ebed-melech the Ethiopian acted in behalf of the prophet Jeremiah. What will probably come to your mind immediately is what you can learn from Ebed-melech; his devotion, his courage and his love. What about Jehovah’s personality, do you see in this account? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) What scriptures teach you about Jehovah's appreciation, impartiality, and justice? What other qualities of Jehovah do you see in this account? Each time you read a Bible passage, try to see Jehovah's qualities, and thank him for revealing them to you.

14 The second way that we can come to know Jehovah intimately is to meditate on his creation. (Ps. 145:9, 10) But creation is not the only way to know Jehovah intimately. Some have spent their lives studying nature, but they don’t believe in God let alone know his character. The apostle Paul said that God's “invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world's creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made.” (Rom. 1:20) One Bible translation renders this verse, “by meditating,” you can see God’s personality. By observing and meditating on Jehovah's creation, we can discern his personality.

15 Many of us live in the city

The 14-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

15. What did Patrick do to get to know Jehovah better, and what can you do to imitate him? (See also the photo.)

JULY 2026 17th

so we don’t see much of Jehovah’s creation. Even if you live in such a place, you can look at Jehovah’s creation and learn something about him. Consider Patrick, who lives in Brazzaville; it is a large city in the Republic of the Congo. “Every day I try to look at Jehovah’s creation. I often see bees and birds eagerly looking for food and shelter. Once, I saw some birds making their nests. But Patrick not only watched the birds, he also thought about the Creator. “I learned that Jehovah cares deeply about his creation;

16 The third way to get to know Jehovah better is to meditate on what he has done for us. Mary, the mother of Jesus, did this. In a sense, he already knew Jehovah well, and he had “favoured” in his eyes. that is, she would give birth to the Son of God. This was a daunting assignment, so Jehovah used the angel Gabriel and Mary's relative Elizabeth to encourage and comfort her. Mary, too, pondered the events of her life, and what the angel and Elizabeth had told her. It made him realize that Jehovah is sovereign, just,

16. What helped Jesus’ mother, Mary, to come to know Jehovah better, and what can we learn from her? (See also the photo.)

There are many ways to get to know Jehovah better

(See paragraph 16)

18 THE WATCHTOWER

and even those who are despised by men, Jehovah makes something. (Luke 1:46-55) Mary realized that Jehovah had done something for her, and she was grateful for his support. We too should appreciate Jehovah's “help at the right time.” (Heb. 4:16) When Jehovah does something for you, sit down and ask yourself: 'So what does this tell me about Jehovah? What does his character tell me?'

WE CAN NEVER LEARN ALL ABOUT JEHOVAH

17 As we enter the new world, there will be no shortage of things to learn about Jehovah. At that time, Jehovah will give us a scroll of what he likes and dislikes. (Rev. 20:12) There, whether you look to the left or to the right, all you can see is God’s creation. So it will teach us a lot about Jehovah. (Isa. 11:6-9) Imagine yourself in Paradise, sin slowly fading away from you with each passing day, and your dead loved ones being brought back to life. How much better that will get him to know Jehovah!

18 There is no end to the knowledge of Jehovah! He is eternal, so “we cannot fathom his understanding.” (Ps. 90:2; 147:5) In fact, “mankind will never find out the work that the true God has made from the start to the finish.” (Eccl. 3:11) So whether we have been in the congregation for a long time or we are only recently, let us all do our utmost to learn more about our loving Father.

17-1 Why can we say that we will never fully learn about Jehovah?

CAPTION Front: Ebed-melech rescuing Jeremiah from the cistern; his actions showed great courage. Page 18: A distressed brother reflects on how Jehovah helped him to cope with his assignment at the midweek study.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What does it mean to know Jehovah well?

■ 100% cotton fabric, 100% polyester.

■ How to get to know Jehovah better?

PSALM 28 Whom Jehovah Will Take as a Friend

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

Help Others Get to Know Jehovah Better

PSALM 79 Help Them Stand Firm

“This means everlasting life, their taking in knowledge of you, the only true God.”—JOHN 17:3 17:3

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

How to help your Bible student come to know Jehovah, his qualities, and his likes and dislikes.

HOW do you feel when a Bible student starts to attend the meeting, starts to comment, shares what he is learning with others, and makes the decision to get baptized? When that happens, it makes you happy! But we know that when a Bible student makes such progress, it is not in our own strength but with Jehovah's help. When we see someone grow in the truth, all credit goes to Jehovah.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John 3,

2 It is God's will that “all sorts of men should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth.” (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know him. Moreover, he wants people to know what he has in mind for mankind. (Jer. 9:24) There is nothing more important than a thorough knowledge of the truth. Let us ask, then, what does it mean to have an accurate knowledge of the truth? One Bible scholar explained that a perfect knowledge of the truth is not simply a knowledge of God, but a knowledge of God that guides one’s life. So when a Bible student comes to know Jehovah, the knowledge he gains changes his life, giving him the hope of “everlasting life.”—John 17:3 17:3

3 Jehovah has been very gracious to us; he has given us the opportunity to help others come to know him. In this article, we will consider these questions. First, why should Bible students get to know Jehovah better? Second, how can we help Bible students to see what Jehovah is like? Finally, how can we help them apply what they are learning?

1. How do you feel when you see a Bible student making progress?

2. What is the heart of Jehovah? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this study?

20

HELP THE STUDENT TO KNOW JEHOVAH BETTER

4 Jesus said that the greatest commandment is to love Jehovah with one's whole heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) To love Jehovah, a Bible student must first come to know him. Our Bible students, therefore, should be motivated by love for Jehovah to dedicate themselves to Jehovah, not simply because they are interested in some of our teachings or because they are interested in us. Therefore, the most important thing to keep in mind when conducting a Bible study is to help the student come to know and love Jehovah.

5 Love, therefore, is compatible with obedience; if you love someone you listen to them. So once your Bible student comes to know and love Jehovah, no one will tell him to listen to him. Jesus said: “But that the world may know that I love the Father, and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do.” (John 14:31) So do our Bible students; once they have loved Jehovah above all else in their lives, they will obey Jehovah, and they will not turn away from him completely.—1 John 5:3 5:3

6 When a Bible student comes to know Jehovah intimately, he will be more inclined to make decisions that are in harmony with his thinking. Let’s take an example. If someone wants to learn to drive, it is not enough to know the rules of driving or to watch someone drive. Instead, he has to sit behind the wheel and often drive

on. That will allow him to face a variety of situations, and he will know what to do in each one. Our Bible students, too, do more than just study the Bible with them. Rather, when they apply what we are learning in their lives and see the benefits, it will help them to come to know Jehovah better. They are able to continue to grow in knowledge of Jehovah and see how he is helping them in life.

7 In this sense, Joseph's knowledge of Jehovah helped him when Potiphar's wife tried to seduce him. As a child, Joseph had likely heard about Adam and Eve and Abraham and Sarah. (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) As a result, Joseph knew Jehovah's view of marriage and sex. Knowing Jehovah well, Joseph refused to have sexual relations with Potiphar's wife. Instead, Joseph said to him: “How could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?” (Gen. 39:7-9) Joseph knew Jehovah's will and dislikes; and if he knew what he was doing, it would hurt Jehovah. As a result, Joseph made the right decision. Similarly, we need to help our Bible students to get to know Jehovah better, and to see what he is like. They are able to make decisions that please Jehovah.

HELP YOUR BIBLE STUDENT TO UNDERSTAND WHAT JEHOVAH IS LIKE

8 How can you help your Bible student to see what Jehovah is like? When Jehovah wanted to reveal Himself to Job, He used questions. Jehovah asked Job more than 50 questions.

4. What is the value of the 12:30 value of Mark 12:30?

5. What will love for Jehovah move your Bible student to do?

6. How does getting to know Jehovah better help a Bible student? Explain with an example.

7. How did Joseph's knowledge of Jehovah help him?

8. How to Use You Can Be Happy Forever! has helped your Bible student to see what Jehovah is like?

JULY 2026 21st

Questions for Effective Teaching

Many questions in You Can Be Happy Forever! can help your Bible students to come to know Jehovah better. Some of them are:

“How does Jehovah view those who preach the good news?” (lesson 21)

“From what you have learned about Jehovah and Jesus, do you think there will be injustice or justice in the judgment? Why do you say that?” (lesson 33)

“How does listening to Jehovah and acting wisely make him feel? Why?” (lesson 34)

“How do you think Jehovah would feel if we married someone who doesn’t love him?” (lesson 42)

“What does this scripture say about the forgiveness of Jehovah?” he asked. (lesson 56)

“How does Jehovah deal with the wicked that shows that he is understanding, merciful, and loving?” (lesson 57)

We too need to use questions when conducting Bible studies. If you watch You Can Be Happy Forever! the book is designed to help Bible students learn more about Jehovah and his personality. (See the box “Questions for Effective Teaching.”) So when you study the book, use those questions. This will help your student to see what Jehovah is like.

9 When we start Bible studies, we should immediately encourage them to read the Bible daily.* How can we help them to get the most out of their Bible reading? We can show them that after reading a Bible passage, they can ask themselves, 'Why exactly did Jehovah have this passage in the Bible?' In describing Job, he not only mentioned how Job endured trials but also mentioned Jehovah’s personality. He said that Jehovah is compassionate and merciful.—Read James 5:1

The 10-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s, and is a veteran of the 2000s and 2001s. To illustrate: Imagine that a Bible student is watching You Can Be Happy Forever! in the book, the section entitled “Ken-

* See You Can Be Happy Forever! in lesson 05 of the book, the section entitled focuses on this. “Set a goal of reading the Bible daily,” it says, “and the ‘Read the Bible Daily’ section will help you do that if you follow it.”

9-10. (a) What is the best way to help our students get the most out of their Bible reading? (James 5:11) (b) Illustrate how a Bible account shows what Jehovah likes and dislikes.

22 THE WATCHTOWER

Help your Bible student to see that when he reads a Bible passage and does not understand it, he should meditate on what he already knows about Jehovah (See paragraphs 12-13)

read the Bible Daily.” Something like that, you might encourage him to think about such questions as: 'Why did Jehovah cut Daniel off? How does this account show me what pleases Jehovah?' what happened to them?’ What does this account reveal about Jehovah’s displeasure?” (Daniel 6:4, 5, 24)

11 When a Bible student shows that the Bible is helping him in his life, it is heartwarming. But we need to let him know that all he is learning comes from Jehovah, the Grand Instructor. (Isa. 30:20, 21) At times, a Bible student may commend us for the way we teach

11. How can we help a Bible student to see that what he is studying is from Jehovah?

the, he’s interested. Although man is worthy of praise, we must let him know that if he has any gratitude, it is Jehovah who deserves it.

HELP YOUR BIBLE STUDENT APPLY WHAT HE IS LEARNING

12 For your Bible student to see the value of what he is learning, he needs to put it into practice. How, then, can you help him to apply what he is learning? First, if he reads a Bible passage and does not understand it, what he already knows about Jehovah helps him to reason on it. For example, your student may have read something about Jehovah's judgments, wondering why some were destroyed by Jehovah and others were spared. If your Bible student faces a situation like this, how can you help him understand?

13 You can encourage him to meditate on what he already knows about Jehovah. He might ask himself, how about Jehovah

12-1 If your Bible student reads a Bible passage and does not understand it, how can you help him? (See also the photo.)

JULY 2026 23rd

value life? (2 Pet. 3:9) Despite our sinfulness, what has Jehovah done to save us? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Will Jehovah punish the innocent? Or, if someone deserves punishment, will he let the person go? (Ex. 34:6, 7) In some cases, the Bible does not specifically explain the reasons for Jehovah's decisions. But we don’t need any explanation. Because we know the God we serve, and we know that he always does what is right.

14 Consider a second way in which your student can apply what he is learning about Jehovah. Suppose your student is just starting to attend class and finds it difficult to draw close to a brother. Maybe the brother has done something for the aha. If so, help your student to see our Christian brothers as Jehovah sees them. He can ask himself

14. If a brother does something that upsets your student, how can you- help him?

Help your Bible student to make decisions that please Jehovah (See paragraphs 15-16)

that: ‘What has Jehovah sacrificed for these brothers because of his love for them? (John 3:16) How does Jehovah view our unity? (Ps. 133:1) How does Jehovah feel when he sees that we are doing our best to preserve the unity of the congregation?' If he does, it will please Jehovah.

15 The final step is to help your Bible student to make good decisions based on what he is learning. Lesson 35 of You Can Be Happy Forever! in the book, you can draw attention to it; is entitled “How to Make Good Decisions.” But suppose your student has prayed about the matter, done all the research he needs to do, but finds it difficult to make a decision. He may not know the specific Bible principles involved. Something like that, you can encourage him to look at what helped Jesus to make good decisions. What helped Jesus? He said: “I always do the things pleasing to him.” (Read John 8:29.) You might encourage your student to ask himself, 'In view of all that I have learned about Jehovah and this research, what decisions do I make that will please him?'

16 Consider the example of a woman who studied with the brothers in Chile; he had to make a big decision in his life. His family wanted him to go- to a lucrative career, but it would not allow him to attend classes regularly. “I let her know,” explained her Bible student, Marianne

15-1 (a) How can a Bible student imitate Jesus when faced with a weighty decision? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help her Bible student to make the right decision? (See also the photo.)

24 THE WATCHTOWER

the decision he makes can either make Jehovah happy or sad. So he doesn't think about it very carefully. I also encouraged her to throw her problem on Jehovah and see how Jehovah would answer her prayer. He decided not to do that, and soon found a job that would allow him to attend classes regularly.” Let us also note that Marianne did not tell her student to do this or that, but she helped her to reflect on what her student already knew about Jehovah. The result was a stronger relationship between the student and Marianne and a stronger relationship with Jehovah. Listen to what Marianne said about her student. “My student has come to realize that if we put Jehovah’s service first, Jehovah will take care of us too,” she said.

BLESSINGS FOR THOSE WHO KNOW JEHOVAH BETTER

17 When we study with people, we teach them a lot. These include basic Bible teachings, such as the condition of the dead, the ransom, and God's Kingdom. Do-

The 17-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

also show them the organization of the congregation. These include what happens at our meetings, the role of the elders, and the direction of the Governing Body. Aside from these things, the most important thing is to get to know Jehovah better.

18. We have a great privilege of helping others come to know Jehovah better. Even today, the joy of those who have come to know and serve Jehovah is beyond compare. (Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, too, those who “take in knowledge of Jehovah” will live forever. (1 John 5:20) But that is not all; The Bible also tells us that anyone who seeks to know and love Jehovah “knows him also.” (1 Cor. 8:3) The fact is, Almighty God truly knows us and views us as his friends. What a blessing it is to know the true God!

18. What are the benefits of knowing Jehovah intimately?

ILLUSTRATION Page 24: Demonstrate how Marianne's Bible student turned down a lucrative job.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ Why should a Bible student get to know Jehovah better?

■ How can you help your Bible student to see what Jehovah is like?

■ How can we help our Bible students apply what they are learning?

SONGS 84 We Will Support the Work

LIFE STORIES

Mama Jehovah Has Continued to Train Me

KEN KIUCHI'S MOUTH

THE first day I stepped foot in the printery at Brooklyn Bethel in New York, USA, I was thrilled. I will never forget what I saw there. I had never seen the printing presses rotate and make such a noise. The papers they were working on had caused dust to stand in the room, and oil was all over the room.

I saw many things there, but what impressed me most was the brothers who worked there. The work of the young men and women there was seen as laziness. Also, the hard work they did was rarely seen and given a wedding at all. But they enjoyed the work. These brothers gave me a real insight into what it means to be humble in serving Jehovah.

Over the years, Jehovah has continued to train me to serve him more fully. I was a Buddhist, but first let me tell you how I came to know the truth.

I SEEKED GOD IN MY CHILDHOOD

I was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, USA. My parents had four children, and I was the oldest. My parents moved from Japan to Chicago; they all thought that life would be better for them in America. They wanted their children to have a good education and a successful future.

My parents were devout Buddhists. The house where my mother was-raised had a Buddhist temple. His father and two brothers were priests in Buddhism. So in my childhood, Buddhism was taken very seriously. Every day after school, the first thing I did was burn incense to the Buddha statue in our house and give him potatoes and water. Then on Sundays, we went to the Buddhist temple to see an idol that looked like the one in our house, but it was bigger than ours, and it was all covered with gold.

When I was about seven, I remember one day looking quietly at the statue of our house and wondering, 'What will happen to me when I die?' It immediately occurred to me that one day my life would end. I may be a spiritual being, but I can no longer enjoy myself as humans do. I was so disappointed! Now, suddenly I am confused.

26 THE WATCHTOWER

When I was about 15, I found my Buddhist rituals pointless. I realized that something was wrong with my life. (Matt. 5:3) Deep down, I felt that there was a living, powerful God. I felt that the Bible could help me find answers to my questions, so I bought a Bible; it was the King James Version. And you know, I couldn’t find anywhere to buy it like at a Buddhist festival.

When I was 17, I was walking outside with my dog ​​one day when a brother with Wilson Bashou approached me. “Do you know what God will do for mankind in the future?” he asked. That question led to a deep Bible discussion. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 to me and asked, “What do you think the ‘many waters’ on which the harlot sits represent?” I didn’t know anything about it. So he showed me Revelation 17:15, which says that the waters represent people. I learned that Jehovah's Witnesses explain a scripture from the Bible itself. This touched my heart. After his conversation, Wilson gave me a copy of the book The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life. That booklet changed my life.

Ten days later, I attended my first class at the Kingdom Hall. I will never forget the warm welcome I received. Since that day, I have never missed a class. After that, Wilson started studying with me. I loved my Bible study so much that we sometimes studied for eight hours. My parents were upset that I was studying the Bible, so they hated me very much. But each time I finished studying, I knew for sure that this was the truth. I was baptized in

I LEFT UNIVERSITY TO BECOME A REGULAR PIONEER

When I was baptized, I was attending a prestigious university and studying to become a doctor. My parents had made many sacrifices so that I could become a doctor. I could have continued my studies at the university, but I wanted to serve Jehovah full-time and do my best in his service.

“If you don’t know and leave the university, then you won’t be passing here at home!” my dad told me. I was sad and confused. I loved my parents, and I didn’t want to hurt them. So I used to go to school at night to find a place outside and cry out to Jehovah: “Please help me make the right decision.” Eventually, I decided to quit university, so my father told me to leave home. I called Wilson and told him everything that had happened, and he asked me to stay with him. I changed all my belongings into one bag and took the bus to Wilson's house. Suddenly, I felt very calm. I realized I had made the right decision.

I was like a bird released from its nest. I was now able to serve Jehovah full-time. So in 1984 I started pioneering.

While I was a regular pioneer, Jehovah helped me to develop many good qualities; some of them are animia. One day, I was frustrated because I wouldn’t have anyone to go out with in the afternoon, so I didn’t want to go. But I squeezed my eyes out. About two hours later, I went into a house; it was

I am Wilson Bashou who introduced me to the truth

JULY

27

Some are coming to see Brooklyn Bethel, and I am showing them what happens in the printery

I am Michiko Oda and her husband

above, and I was about to close as soon as I left. I was tired of this, and I was lonely. Also, if there was water, it would rain. So I didn’t know whether to continue or stop. I just climbed the stairs and saw a young man from the Philippines standing there. I just thought to myself, “This is if he doesn’t listen.” This wasn’t the case at all! I started studying with him, and amazingly, my brother became one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.

I LEARNED A LOT AT BROOKLYN BETHEL

After two years with Wilson, I was invited to work at Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As I begin, I was assigned to work in a sewing shop. One day, while using the title-pasting machine, I made a mistake that damaged several bookcases. My coworkers told me to tell the brother in charge of the department what had happened. I went and explained everything, but there was one thing I didn’t do. “If you do something wrong, remember to apologize,” the brother in charge politely told me. That day I learned that when I make a mistake, I have to admit it and apologize.

I learned from the faithfulness of older members of the Bethel family who built other religions. One afternoon at dinner, I was sitting at the same table as Milton Henschel of the Governing Body. The room was packed that day, and the brothers who were sharing the food were just walking around. Our young men at the table were arguing with our noses that the brothers sharing the food were not here. Brother Henschel said nothing; all we saw was that he had stood up and followed the brothers who were sharing the food, and he was sharing water, bread, and butter. Brother Henschel's humble service to his brothers has stayed with me to this day; it reminds me of how Jesus also served his apostles.—John 13:35. 13:3-5

28 THE WATCHTOWER

“YOU HAVE TO LEARN JAPANESE!”

In 1987, I visited Japan and was impressed by the zeal, enthusiasm, and humility of the brothers there. I wanted to help them, but my problem was that I didn’t speak Japanese. “You need to learn Japanese!” a Bethel sister named Michiko Oda looked me in the eye and said bluntly. And that’s exactly what I did. Little did I know that the sister’s advice would change my life.

A few months later, I attended a Japanese-speaking congregation in New York. Learning Ja-pan gave me many opportunities to serve Jehovah God. In 1989, I-attended a conference in Los Angeles, California. That was my first meeting in Japanese. The drama at the convention featured a pioneer sister named Miwako Onami, whom I fell in love with.

Miwako and I were married in 1992, and we had the privilege of serving together at Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako is very caring, and always wants to do something to help others. His good manners have helped me to learn how to get along with others. Miwako, on the other hand, has been forgiven by Yeho-wa, always making me happy and satisfied.

WE WENT TO JAPAN BETHEL, AND LATER SERVED AS SPECIAL PIONEERS

Years later, Miwako's parents, who lived in Japan, became seriously ill. So the brothers at Brooklyn Bethel suggested that we move to Ja-pan Bethel, so that we could be closer to Miwako's parents and care for them. So we moved there in

When we visited the Japan Bethel, we were soon impressed by the brothers and sisters there. The brothers in Japan were kind and open. That really touched me, so I imitated them. When it comes to their performance, they don’t take it lightly either. They are also working together. The reason for this is that Japanese culture teaches that it is more beneficial for a group of people to work together than for one person to work alone for self-glory. Their good example really taught me to be humble and cooperative. It also made me realize that whatever little I can do contributes to Jehovah’s purpose.

The day we met the bride

But because of my different upbringing, I sometimes disagreed with them on how they did things. So I had to learn to-be patient with things. So at some point, I made up my mind. I learned that Jehovah can bless any decision we make; all that is needed is to obey the direction of the congregation. This thing, anything we do, without the hand of Jehovah, it will not succeed.

I daily compare my Bethel upbringing to that of the prophet Moses. Moses spent 40 years as a shepherd, all the while helping Jehovah to cultivate humility. My case has been like that of Moses; because of the few universities I went to, I became confident and proud. But Bethel taught me to be humble and rely on Jehovah. Just as Jehovah was patient with and trained Moses, Jehovah has been patient with and trained me over the years.

JULY 2026 29th

We cared for Miwako’s parents for about 24 years until they died. We did a lot of coal, we went around the hospital, and sometimes just compassion. Miwako's mother, Masako, became so ill that she could hardly even get up and walk. Masako found it difficult to attend classes and go out in the ministry. Even a few weeks before his death, he was in a wheelchair. But despite all this trouble, his love for Jehovah never wavered. Every time he talks about the truth, you can tell he is happy. Masako was a very appreciative person. Also, despite the hardships, he continued to serve Jehovah with joy. This is something I want to learn.

The year 2024 marked a turning point in our lives. We had served at Bethel for over 30 years, and the congregation invited us to serve as special pioneers. So now, we are serving on the island of Okinawa, and have had the privilege of witnessing to families living in a nearby military camp. The training we received at Bethel was very helpful, so when we were invited to serve as special pioneers, we did not give up. We try to be well organized and manage our time, so that we can be active in the ministry. Jehovah has blessed us with a family of Bible students. Now, we have come to realize that the most important thing is to love people. Every day Miwako and I thank Jehovah for such a project.

I AM DETERMINED TO CONTINUE TO BE TRAINED BY JEHOVAH

Although my family is no longer opposed, none of them have joined me in the truth. Jesus said that anyone who leaves his family to become his disciple will have 100 times as much even now. I cannot even count the brothers and sisters I have had in different countries who have made me their family, and who love and care for me.

The true book Wilson gave me is still there. Every time I look at that book, it reminds me of how Jehovah helped me to find him. (1 Ki. 28:9) I am determined to continue to be trained by Jehovah and to help others come to a knowledge of the truth and gain everlasting life.

I am serving at the Japan Bethel

Miwako and I are in the ministry in Okinawa

30 THE WATCHTOWER

Hurry Up and Make Your Peace With Your Brother!

HAVE you been hurt by one of Jehovah's Witnesses, causing a breakup? If so, don’t sit around at all; be reconciled to thy brother, and make peace.*

For example, if a person has a broken bone, he or she needs to see a doctor for a forward motion so that the person’s bones can slowly recover. If the person sits around and doesn’t see a doctor, the pain won’t go away, and the bone may never be able to heal.

Just as a broken bone requires immediate medical attention, we need to settle disputes with fellow Christians as soon as possible. Otherwise, the pain will not go away, and we may harbor resentment toward him and end up in a complete breakdown with him. Jesus counseled us to “be about settling matters quickly with the father.” (Matt. 5:25) So if you have a problem with a brother, approach him and talk it over calmly. But this is not easy. Let’s look at two reasons for that.

First, you probably don’t want to go and bring up what happened let alone fix it. So you’d have to ignore it.# Consider Euodia and Syntyche; there must have been some misunderstanding

* If we have minor differences with a brother, we should talk to him privately, freely forgiving him completely. (Matt. 5:23, 24) However, if he has committed a serious sin, we may need to seek the help of the elders in the congregation. (Matt. 18: 17) There is no doubt that the 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s. If that doesn’t work, then we can seek help from the elders.

# If a fellow Christian does something that upsets you, and it is not a serious matter, you can ignore it.—Prov. 26:2

their unsettled relationship. The dispute must have lasted a long time, for even the apostle Paul, who was in Rome, heard about it. He encouraged them to try to reconcile and reunite. (Phil. 4:2) The restoration of friendship required humility, open communication, and forgiveness.

Second, you may feel that your brother is instead guilty and should apologize. But it’s not the sweetness that matters, it’s the reconciliation. The doctor treating a fracture is more concerned with the bone continuity, not the cause of the fracture. So when you are going to talk to your brother, you are not now going to decide who is guilty or who is righteous. Instead, remember how precious your friendship with your brother is, and do whatever you need to do to restore it.

If you have been hurt by a fellow Christian, why not settle the matter face-to-face? “Let the sun not set with you in a provoked state,” says the Bible. (Eph. 4:26) By doing your best to make peace with your brother, you will help to preserve “the uniting bond of peace.”—Eph. 4:1-3

JULY 2026 31

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

July 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 7 ENGLISH

CONTENTS OF THIS WATCH

Study Article September 7-13 | 2 Learn From the Gibeonites

Study Article September 14-20 | 8 The Book of Isaiah Can Comfort You

Study Article September 21-27 | 14 Keep Getting to Know Jehovah

Study Article September 28–October 4 | 20 Help Others Know Jehovah Better

LIFE STORIES | 26 I Have Let Jehovah Continue to Train Me

Hurry Up and Make Your Peace With Your Brother! | 31

STUDY SUGGESTIONS

Help Us to Give Encouraging Responses

When we attend class, each of us has the opportunity to comment to encourage our brothers. (Heb. 10:24, 25) What will help us to give encouraging comments?

• Pray to Jehovah. Ask him to help you give comments that honor him and encourage others.—Ps. 35:1

• Make it a goal not to read the answer directly from the book. Commenting in your own words will strengthen others and show your faith in Jehovah.

• Keep your answers brief. When you attend a study and give brief, clear comments, it touches the hearts of others. It also gives more people the opportunity to talk.—Prov. 10:1

• Make your comments encouraging. When you comment, do not use it to counsel or criticize.

Even if you raise your hand and we don’t call you, you can encourage others. How will you do it? Listen to the comments and later commend them.—Prov. 10:2

This book, we don’t sell. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People voluntarily donate to support the project. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Visit the jw.org website in English, or scan this icon with your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.07-E