JUNE 2026

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

STUDY ARTICLES FOR: AUGUST 10-SEPTEMBER 6,

AUGUST 10-16,

HADZIDZI 122

Stand Firm, Unwavering!

THE GOAL

This article will assure us that no matter what test of faith we may face, we can remain faithful to Jehovah.

How to Remain Faithful in Tests of Faith

“Lord, whom shall we go away to? You have sayings of everlasting life.”—JOHN 6:6 6:6

ONE day Jesus was teaching in Capernaum and said: “Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in yourselves.” He added: “He that feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood has everlasting life, and I shall resurrect him at the last day.” (John 6:53, 54) Many of Jesus' disciples were offended, saying: “This is a hard saying; 6:6

2 Many of his disciples were offended at this and turned away from him. Does this mean that they do not believe in Jesus at all? No, for many of these disciples were so impressed with what Jesus had done earlier that they said: “This is for a certainty the Prophet that was to come into the world.” (John 6:14) Clearly, these disciples had a measure of faith in Jesus. But when Jesus said something they did not understand, they turned away from him and became unfaithful.

3 The apostles, on the other hand, remained loyal to Jesus. When Jesus asked if they also wanted to leave, Peter replied: "Lord, whom shall we go away to? You have the words of eternal life. We have believed and come to know that you are the Holy One of God. (John 6:68, 69) Notice that Peter did not say that he and the other apostles fully understood Jesus' words about eating his flesh and drinking his blood. Regardless of how they understood Jesus' words, they chose to

1-2 What happens one day while Jesus is teaching in Capernaum?

3. How did the apostles of Jesus react, and why? (See also the picture.)

2

Although many disciples left Jesus, Peter and the other apostles stuck with him (See paragraph 3)

they will be completely devoted to it. What is the reason? Because-convinced them that Jesus was “the Christ of God,” and they based their faith on this fact.—Luke 9:20,

4 There are various tests of our loyalty to Jehovah. For example, how do we react when the organization makes adjustments in our understanding of a Bible teaching or in our approach to the preaching work? Or have you been in a difficult situation and found it hard to understand why Jehovah allowed it? It may also be that you have been hurt by a fellow Christian or by someone you respect in the congregation. All of this can test your faith.

5 We must have a solid foundation of faith. To illustrate: In earthquake-prone areas, builders make sure that the foundation is strong enough to prevent the building from collapsing in the event of an earthquake. Similarly, we-need to have strong faith so that when we face pit-trials like the ones mentioned in the previous paragraph, we can stand firm. Therefore, it is vital to build our faith on a solid foundation so that we can remain faithful to Jehovah when under trial.—1 Cor. 15:58; read Colossians 1:2

6 What enabled the apostles to remain loyal to Jesus despite the apostasy? The apostles were convinced that they should worship Jehovah because he created all things. They are convinced that Jesus is the Son of God, who has “sayings of everlasting life.” They are also confident that Jehovah is fully behind Jesus. In this article, we will-consider three truths that will help us to remain faithful to Jehovah in any kind of trial. Consist:

4. What are the tests of our faith?

5. Illustrate why we should build our faith on a solid foundation. (Colossians 1:23)

6. What helped the apostles to remain loyal to Jesus?

JUNE

(1) Jehovah is the Creator of all things. (2) The Bible was inspired by Jehovah. (3) Jehovah God is using Jehovah's Witnesses today. Complete confidence in these truths will help us to remain faithful when tests of faith come upon us.

THE LORD IS THE CREATOR OF ALL THINGS

7 Read Revelation 4:1 This scripture assures us that Jehovah is the Creator of all things. This fact makes him worthy of our worship. Contemplating his mighty power will give us confidence that he can deliver us from all our troubles. However, Satan has spread lies in this world that have caused many to disbelieve in God. So it is no wonder that some scientists even claim that life evolved. Therefore, we need to be absolutely convinced that Jehovah is the Creator and that he loves us deeply. Otherwise, we would begin to doubt whether he really exists to deliver us from difficult situations.—Heb. 11:6

8 If you are beginning to lose confidence in Jehovah's creation, you need to act quickly. Dig deep into our publications for evidence that Jehovah is the Creator. You can find much faith-strengthening evidence in the brochures Was Life Created? (Was Life Created? or Was Life Created?) and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking or Five Questions Worth Asking. You can find more evidence in various books and videos entitled “Was It Designed?” on jw.org. Jessica, a young sister in the United States, says: “After doing research in our publications, I became convinced that there is an intelligent Creator who made all things

7. (a) What assurance is found at Revelation 4:11? (b) What can happen when we are faced with tests of faith?

8-9 What if you are not convinced that Jehovah is the Creator? (See also photo.)

You may have read one of our publications that prove that there is a Creator. But why not read it again?

(See paragraph 8)

Space (Nebula): IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; fish and ou: Mercedes-Benz USA; black: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

already but the research dispelled any doubts.” Also, the book Enjoy Life Forever! fe lessons 6 and 7 have been very helpful. You may have learned it before, but why not learn it again?

9 In your next study, you can examine the evidence that convinces you that God exists. This will not only help you to be convinced that Jehovah exists but also help you to learn more about his appealing qualities. (Rom. 1:20) You can also use what you learn to help those who are not convinced that God exists. In fact, the vast array of creation around us testifies to Jehovah's existence.

THE BIBLE WAS INSPIRED BY JEHOVAH'S HOLY SPIRIT

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. The Bible is a message from Jehovah to mankind. It answers life's big questions and gives us insight into Jehovah's will and requirements. We are convinced that Jehovah is the Author of the Bible, so the Bible is the most important book in life for us. It is vital that we understand God's Word and strive to apply it.

11 What convinces us that Jehovah inspired the Bible? There are many reasons. For example, the Bible's account of the past is a lie. (Luke 3:1, 2) His description of the heavens and the earth and the things in them is accurate. (Job 26:7) Despite Satan's best efforts

to condemn the Bible, he could not. Today, the Bible is the most widely printed book in the world. The Bible was written by some 40 men, and it cost over 1,600 dollars to write, yet it is harmonious. Though written centuries ago, its counsel has not disappeared, continuing to benefit millions today. (Prov. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) And the Bible has been fulfilled in many ways. (Josh. 23:14) Yes, the Bible is clearly inspired of God!

12 What if you have lost confidence in the Bible as a book from God? You need to pray to Jehovah about your feelings for help and investigate. For example, a youth named Jordan, whose parents are Witnesses, says: "I don't just believe everything I'm told. I meditate myself to make sure. By continuing to do what is convinced that the Bible is inspired of God, we will be strengthened and remain firm in the faith.—1 Cor. 3:12,

JEHOVAH'S WITNESSES ARE USED BY JEHOVAH GOD TODAY

13 If you find it hard to believe that Jehovah’s Witnesses are the organization that uses me

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100%. (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. What convinces you that the Bible is inspired of God?

The 12-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

13. What if you are not sure that the Jehovah’s Witnesses are the organization that Jehovah God is using today?

JUNE 2026 | 5

The love and unity of his people worldwide are due to Jehovah (See paragraph 16)

With Jehovah God today, you need to take immediate action to dispel that doubt. To do this, ask yourself: ‘Who are the people who are trying hard to live by the Bible’s standards? What organization bases all its beliefs on the Bible?” (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) “Who are doing Jehovah’s will today?”—Matt. 7:20,

14 To identify those who are doing God's will today, ask yourself, 'Who are the preaching work that Jesus foretold would be done in the last days?' Jehovah God is using his people, his Witnesses, to accomplish this preaching work. We, Jehovah's Witnesses, are the only ones preaching the good news of God's Kingdom in more than 240 lands. We have been doing this work for over a century, and the King of God's Kingdom is with us. Yes, we keep focused on the all-important work of preaching and teaching.—Matt. 28:19,

14. What is the value of Matthew 24:14 in the present day?

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:1 Today most people don’t know that God’s name is Jehovah. But it is a great honor for us as Jehovah's Witnesses to bear this name, and as a result, it is now widely known. Also, although God's name appears over seven thousand times in the original text of the Bible, it has been removed from many translations. In the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, however, we have restored the name to its rightful place.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. The world today is disunited and hated. Jehovah's people, on the other hand, are loving and united. Despite our diverse nationalities, cultures, and personalities, we strive to be at peace with one another and to love our brothers. Have you ever traveled and attended a meeting in another congregation? If so, you probably noticed

15. How are Jehovah’s Witnesses sanctifying God’s name today? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Why can we say that the command of John 13:34, 35 is being obeyed by Jehovah’s Witnesses? (See also photo.)

6 PROTECTION

the love and unity of our brothers everywhere. This makes it half-clear that Jehovah is using Jehovah’s Witnesses today to accomplish his purposes. Keeping this in mind will help you to remain faithful to Jehovah when you face tests of faith.

NEVER FORGET JEHOVAH

17 We are living in the last days, so things will not be easy for any of us. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) We may face difficult circumstances that cause us anxiety. Jehovah's organization may make adjustments or give direction that we do not fully understand. And a brother may do something that upsets us. We may not know what to do, and we may not understand why those things are happening.

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. What will help us? That is, to believe that Jehovah is the Creator, that the Bible was inspired by him, and that Jehovah’s Witnesses are his people today. Then, as Peter answered Jesus, we can confidently say to Jehovah: “To whom shall we go away? You have sayings of everlasting life.”

COVER Page 6: A mother and her son are excited as they ride a bus and see some Witnesses engaged in public witnessing.

17-1 What difficult circumstances may we face, but what can we be sure of?

HOW CAN THESE THREE FAITH HELP US WHEN WE FACE TESTS OF FAITH?

■ Jehovah is the Creator

■ The Bible was inspired by God

■ Jehovah is with his people today

HADZIDZI 123

Loyal Submission to Theocratic Order

AUGUST 17-23,

SONGS 90 Encourage One Another

PURPOSE Certain circumstances may make it difficult for us to make friends with some brothers. This article will help us to see what we can do to be friends forever.

How to Maintain Friendship With Christian Brothers

“Clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, lowliness of mind, mildness, and long-suffering.”—COL. 3:1

“THE last days are hard, life is not easy. God knows we need comforting friends.” Do you find these opening words to the poem entitled “True Friend” appropriate? What a blessing it is to have true friends among Jehovah's people! (Ps. 119:63) We are a large, loving family of Jehovah's servants.

2 We want to do more than just get to know our brothers and sisters. As Jehovah’s servants, we love Jehovah and Jesus and are bound together by this love. (John 13:35) Our friendship does not come about by chance; Because we are imperfect, there are challenges that can make it difficult for us to maintain close friendships.

3 In fact, some people are closer to us than others. The reason is that we may have the same interests as them, or they may have played the same way of thinking and acting. But it can be hard to be friends with other brothers. Sometimes, too, we can have misunderstandings with our brothers and if we are not careful, they can damage our friendships. Perhaps because they think and act so differently from us, it is difficult to cooperate with them. And sometimes, when our brothers are sick or depressed, it can be hard to maintain close friendships. In this article, we will see how Jesus' example can help us to be with

1. Where can we find true friends?

2. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

3. What are the factors that can make it difficult to maintain a close relationship with your brothers?

8

to remain close to our brothers when problems arise. But first, let’s-see the Christian qualities that will help us stay friends.

GOOD CHRISTIAN QUALITIES WILL ALWAYS HELP US BE FRIENDS

4 Focusing on the positive qualities of our brothers and sisters will strengthen our friendships with them. Interacting with our brothers and sisters together will keep us remembering their good mother-qualities. The apostle Paul longed to be among the brethren. “We made every effort to see you again,” he told the Thessalonians. (1 Thess. 2:17) Many have found that their friendships with their brothers and sisters grow stronger when they take the time to talk face-to-face. And we have many opportunities to-communicate in the field service, at the meetings, assemblies, and conventions. However, when conflicts arise, we may need to do more than go out in the ministry and attend meetings with them.

5 Christian qualities will help us to resolve differences and maintain friendships. (Read Colossians 3:12.) If we are humble, patient, kind, and gentle, we will be more likely to resolve differences and maintain friendships. Just as oil can keep a machine running smoothly, so good Christian qualities help us to maintain good friendships. Let us now consider three factors that can make it difficult for us to draw close to our brothers. In each case, we will see how Jesus' humility, patience, kindness, and compassion can help us to maintain true friendship with one another.

IF YOU AND A BROTHER DIFFER OF OPINION ON SOMETHING

6 Why might this be a problem? When two people disagree on something, each of them thinks that he has played the right mind. Suppose two brothers are planning to work their field service in the field, but they have different ideas about the best way. Each of them is convinced that playing mind is the best. Don’t you see that little issue could turn into a big issue that would ruin their friendship? If they-are not careful, pride can cause them to become more concerned with each other than with the good relationship. If the issue is not discussed and resolved, they will become angry with each other. Gradually, they will lose their sight of each other, and eventually their friendship may be ruined for that little reason.

7 Imitate Jesus’ humility. Jesus taught his followers an important lesson that will help them avoid conflict. It is humility. For some time his disciples had been arguing about who was the greatest. They are so concerned about this, that to help them change their thinking, Jesus tells them that they should view others as greater than themselves. (Matt. 20:25-28) Jesus thus taught them a lesson in humility. Even on the night before his death, Jesus “set the pattern”

4. What are the factors that will make the friend-building stronger?

5. What is the best way to maintain friendships even when disagreements arise? (Colossians 3:12)

6. What can happen when two people disagree on a matter?

7. How did Jesus teach his followers the need for humility in order to resolve differences?

JUNE 2026

9

Humility can help you overlook minor issues and forgive freely

(See paragraph 8)

for you. He humbly washed their feet, a service performed by servants. (John 13:3-5, 12-16) This example gave them a glimpse of how to maintain close friendships. If disciples view others as superior, they will be more likely to accept each other's opinions, even when they differ. And this will keep them good friends.

8 What do you do to keep friendships? Humility can help you overlook minor issues and forgive freely. (Read Colossians 3:13.) If you are humble, you will not lose your temper when you disagree with someone, and you will remain a good friend. (Ps. 4:4) Even if the other person says something that hurts you, remember that we all say things that we later regret. (Eccl. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself, 'Is insisting on my opinion more important than our friendship?' If you do this and don’t come up with it later, you will find peace.

9 If you have a difference with a brother, humility will help you to resolve it. Don’t insist that playing mind is the best. (Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Make your relationship with him the most important thing. Many brothers did this which kept them friends; they approached the person and discussed the matter in a calm manner. (Ps. 34:14) You too can approach your brother for a conversation. You might say: 'We don't know each other today. Please I want to talk about what happened.” Admit your part and apologize for how upset the whole thing was. And if your brother also forgives you, forgive him. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember, the most important thing is to remain friends, not to be right or wrong.—Prov. 18:2

8. How can humility keep you close to your brothers even when you disagree? (Colossians 3:13) (See also photos.)

9. How can humility help you when you have a difference with a brother? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 GΒΕΤΑΚΡΧ

IF YOU AND YOUR FRIEND HAVE DIFFERENT PERSONALITIES

Why might this be a problem? We may find it difficult to make friends and develop close relationships with brothers and sisters whose personalities differ from ours. You probably like to talk but the other person is shy and isolated. Some people may have qualities that we may not like. Some people don’t know how to interact, perhaps because of past mistreatment. For the sake of where some people also grew up, they keep quiet. Others, because of their background, are able to recover socially. These differences can make it difficult to make friends.

11 Imitate the patience of Jesus. Jesus made and continued to be friends with people of different backgrounds. For example, the apostles James and John asked Jesus for special positions in the Kingdom; that is a self-centered attitude. (Mark 10:35-37) Jesus, however, was not like that. Despite his high position in heaven, he humbled himself and left it to come to earth. (Phil. 2:5-8) Think about it. The attitude of Jesus was very different from that of James and John! Yet, Jesus was patient with them and the other disciples.

12 Jesus did not always expect his friends to do what was right. Jesus knew that not only James and John but also the other disciples were ambitious. (Mark 9:34) Because Jesus and his disciples grew up in the same area

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100% and the value is 100%.

11. What helped Jesus to remain friendly to people of different backgrounds?

12. What helped Jesus to be patient with his friends?

he knew how the religious leaders of the day encouraged ambition. This gave Jesus insight into the situation of his disciples. He was patient with them and gave them the opportunity to gradually make changes, to rid themselves of their childhood tendency toward ambition.—Mark 10:42-4

13 What do you do to keep friendships forever? If you are upset with a brother, keep being patient with him. (Prov. 14:29) The fact is, we all have different personalities and traits that some may not like, but they are not wrong. So we like it when people are patient with us. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) It is important for us to love people who are different from us. For example, it may take a lot of effort for a shy person to communicate, so we need to be patient with him. Similarly, we need to be patient with someone who is talkative and social. While we may be closer to some people than others, we must remember that even people with different personalities can be close friends.

14. The more patient we are, the more we will notice the good in our brothers. If we focus on the positive qualities, our differences will not be a problem, but we will be free to befriend each other. For example, although James and John were seeking prominence for themselves, God's Kingdom was clearly real to them. Jesus recognized and appreciated their faith.

13. How can long-suffering help us to maintain lasting friendships? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. What does long-suffering help us to recognize in our brothers?

JUNE 2026 11

True friends are comforting, playful, and kind

(See paragraph 19)

When we too strive to see the good in our friends, we are imitating Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 Another important thing to do is to pray for Jehovah’s help to maintain friendships with people who have a different personality. Anticipate potential conflicts and pray to Jehovah to help you be patient when they arise. Remember, our Creator, Jehovah, knows the challenges that can arise because of our diversity, so be assured that he will hear your prayers and give you what you need to endure. And if you are struggling to be patient, ask Jehovah for the help of his holy spirit to exercise self-control.—Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22,

WHEN OUR BROTHERS ARE IN DIFFICULT SITUATIONS

16 Why might this be a problem? When our brothers are suffering or depressed

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

played words and actions can hurt us. For example, they may isolate themselves, stop talking to us, become irritable or even act surprisingly. They will likely say or do something that upsets us. (Job 6:2, 3) Perhaps a brother is not doing as well as you expected because of a difficult situation that you are unaware of. So don’t blame him.

17 Imitate Jesus’ kindness and compassion. Jesus was compassionate and kind to the deeply distressed, tog screen common that he had never even met some of them. Consider, for example, his dealings with two blind men. One of them was named Bartimaeus. When she heard that Jesus was passing by, she kept crying out so that Jesus could see her. Some snorted at him to keep quiet. But he desperately wanted Jesus to heal him, so he cried out even louder. Bartimaeus was obviously offended by some. Jesus, however, was not moved with pity, but “moved with pity” for Bartimaeus. This means that Jesus felt compassion for him and

17. What do you learn from the way Jesus dealt with Bartimaeus?

12 PROTECTION

he was eager to help her. (Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus spoke kindly to Bartimaeus, commended him for his faith, and miraculously restored his sight.

18 What do you do to keep friendships forever? Be compassionate and kind. These positive qualities will help you to be calm and to “speak consolingly” to brothers who are suffering or who are grieving. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember, a true friend is always there for you, especially when there is “distress.” (Prov. 17:17) Such friends not only sympathize with those who are suffering but also do their best to comfort, encourage, and help them in various ways.

19 What practical steps can we take to be kind and compassionate? The truth is, you can’t completely eliminate your friend’s pain. But you can sympathize and understand. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) Listen carefully as he shares his experiences.

Depending on the situation, say something kind to comfort him. (Prov. 12:25) Be careful not to give the impression that you know everything about the situation. (Prov. 18:13) Be patient with him and do not expect perfection.—Eph. 4:3

20 We all cherish the friendships we have with our Christian brothers. But because you are imperfect and we have gone through a variety of difficult situations in life, we-sometimes say or do things that hurt our brothers. So we are very happy when our brothers and sisters are humble, patient, kind and compassionate with the intention of maintaining lasting friendships. May we continue to display these qualities, so that we too can be good friends with them.

20. What kind of friend do you want to be?

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. How can we show kindness and compassion-return? (See also photos.)

COVER Page 10: An older brother and a younger brother have different ideas about how to organize their congregation's land distribution. They then understood each other and are both enjoying the field together.

HOW CAN YOU BE ALWAYS FRIENDS WITH YOUR CHRISTIAN BROTHERS . . . . . . . .

■ when you disagree on a matter?

■ if you have different personalities?

■ when under difficult circumstances?

SONG 124 We Will Always Be Faithful

AUGUST 24-30,

SONGS 65 Forward!

PURPOSE This article will provide an overview of the benefits of the field father arrangement.

Make the Field Breastfeeding Program Beneficial

“I will laud Jehovah with all my heart among the fathers of the righteous ones.”—PS. 111:1

DO YOU remember the day you were approved to become an unbaptized publisher of the good news? You were thrilled that day, for you became part of the great crowd of declaring and praising Jehovah's name. (Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) You may also have become part of a small group called field service, which includes some brothers. The field service arrangement helps us to fulfill Jesus' commission to preach the good news of the Kingdom “in all the inhabited earth.”—Matt. 24:1

2 How are you benefiting from this fieldwork program? “The field service program has benefited me in many ways,” says Wendy.* “It has given me new preaching and teaching methods from others, helped me to set and reach spiritual goals, and made many good friends.” Brother Rich also said: “Being a field service overseer is a serious responsibility. The overseer's job is to help the publishers in his group to progress spiritually and to remain firm in the faith even after baptism.” “The field service arrangement is wonderful! My group members have become my family,” says Dinah.

* Some names have been changed.

1-2 How do many brothers feel about the field service arrangement?

14

3 In this article, we will look at the role of the wild-father and his assistant, and how they help their foster-father members. Then we will see what each of us can do to help the father in the field. Finally, we will see how we can benefit from this wonderful arrangement.

THE FIELD OFFICER AND HIS ASSISTANT

4 A field service overseer is an elder* assigned by the congregation to help a father publisher to progress spiritually. How does he do this? First, he cares deeply about each member of the foe-father. (Prov. 27:23) He gets to know his father's family well, and he regularly communicates with them to find out what they are going through. This enables him to use the Scriptures to encourage and build them up when they are downhearted, as well as to help them in other ways. (Prov. 12:25; Isa. 32:2; Jas. 2:15-17) Second, he helps all publishers in his womb to have a full share in the ministry. He regularly took the lead in the preaching work, especially on the weekends. He works with each publisher in the ministry so that he can encourage and train them. If he is sometimes unable to go out in the ministry, he arranges for his mate or another brother to escape

* If necessary, a qualified ministerial servant may take the lead in the father until an elder takes his place. The minister who represents a father is called a father minister. She is working under the direction of the elders to help care for her father.

3. What will we discuss in this article?

4. (a) What are the basic responsibilities of a field service overseer? (b) What suggestions will help the field service overseer to accomplish his assignment? (See the box "Helpful Tips for Foster Carers.")

Practical Tips for Foster Caregivers

• Keep the meeting for field service brief, no more than seven minutes, so that publishers can get started quickly.

• Try to work with as many publishers in your area as possible. This includes those whose circumstances do not allow them to attend meetings for field service regularly. You can arrange to work with them on other days or in the evenings.

• Visit all members of the family regularly. These visits may be made in the homes of publishers, at the Kingdom Hall, or at another convenient location. You can also do this by phone or by letter.

• Train brothers to reach out for congregation responsibilities.

• Even if the whole congregation meets for a field trip, keep an eye on your father’s family.

let the salt take precedence. Third, it helps baptized brothers to qualify for responsibility. (1 Tim. 3:1) He gives them heartfelt commendation, Scriptural counsel, and training to become better people

JUNE 2026 15

ministerial servants and elders. Since the stewardship is an important assignment, the body of elders should select the most qualified elders for this assignment.

5 Many factors can make it difficult for a stepparent to care for her stepfamily. Consider Jörg, a father in Germany. He has various responsibilities in the congregation, as do many elders. “It’s not easy to balance when you have a lot of work to do in the congregation,” she says. Abel, a 70-year-old elder in Uganda, says: “There are not enough elders and ministerial servants in our congregation, but there are many publishers. And Obed, an elder in Suriname, says: "I enjoy training. But training takes time and effort, and the videos are not immediately visible. I have many other responsibilities that keep me from training the brothers. What can help elders in such situations?

6 If possible, it is good to have only a few visitors with each field service father so that the father-in-law can get to know each one better and help them stay close to Jehovah. What if there are only a few elders in the congregation? If there are too many people in the foster home, the foster caregiver cannot do her job

A father's caregiver may ask a ministerial servant in his father's household to conduct a meeting for field service to train him

(See paragraph 7)

not well. Therefore, the body of elders may assign a ministerial servant to care for one of the fathers. The presence of the stepfather’s family enables the stepfather to take better care of them and helps them remain faithful to Jehovah and endure difficult circumstances.

7 If you are a father in a congregation where there are not enough elders, make it your goal to train your assistant to help you shepherd the flock of God. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Delegate tasks to help him. For example, you might occasionally have him take the lead when you meet for field service. Prayerfully discuss with him how the father's family is doing in the ministry and what you can do to help them move forward. Visit the father's family regularly with him. Before visiting the

5. What challenges do some foster parents face?

6. How does the presence of those in the field fathers benefit the father's caregiver?

7. In congregations where there are no elders, what can a stepfather do to care for all in his father’s household? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also photo.)

16 PROTECTION

each and every time, offer suggestions and commendation. In time, he too will qualify as a guardian. (2 Tim. 2:2) You can involve other mature members of the father's family in the training. For example, pioneers and experienced publishers may work with new publishers. And experienced publishers can help those in need to start conversations with playmates, and they can conduct return visits and Bible studies. Let us now consider three ways in which each of us can help the field service father.

HOW PUBLISHERS CAN SUPPORT THEIR FIELD PERFORMANCE

8 Attend meetings for field service. We “encourage one another” when we share in the ministry with our brothers. (Read Romans 1:12.) Associating with our brothers in the preaching work will help them to feel secure and confident. If your job prevents you from sharing in the ministry with your stepfather, why not ask your employer to adjust your schedule? You may even be surprised at how he will respond. (Neh. 2:4-6) If health or advancing age makes it difficult for you to attend meetings for field service, tell your stepfather. He may arrange for you to witness by letter or telephone. Are you a healthy young person who is finding it difficult to be regular in the ministry? If so, it would be a good idea to schedule a weekly schedule to share in the ministry with the brothers in your pregnancy. You may need to re-examine your submissions

8. How can you help your field father? (Romans 1:12)

priorities and how you spend your time. (Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) Your efforts will benefit the entire fatherhood. Pray to Jehovah about it. He can “give you both the desire and the power” to do what pleases him.—Phil. 2:1

9 Be kind to your father’s family. When we treat each other kindly and hospitably, it creates love and joy in the field father. (Read Romans 12:13.) Could you arrange for a publisher to meet in your home? In some congregations, field service fathers are able to arrange to entertain an invited speaker for a meal. Even if it is up to a father to welcome an invited speaker, when the speaker cannot come to dinner with them, the members of the pregnant woman gather together for a meal and encourage one another. “I get nervous about being hospitable,” says Sarah, a special pioneer, “so I just keep things simple. I focus on getting to know the brothers better, not on setting a small table or tasting the food.” Showing hospitality and cooperating with one another as a family draws us closer to Jehovah and to our brothers.—Neh. 8:10; Some. 20:3

10. Take steps to improve your service skills. The better your preaching and teaching skills, the more you will enjoy the ministry with your father. Would you like to become more proficient in the ministry?

The 9.0-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (Romans 12:13)

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100% and the value is 100%. (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also photo.)

JUNE 2026 17th

The small number of field service fathers allows us to get to know one another better and to work together in the ministry (See paragraph 10)

paid a share? But ask an experienced pioneer or publisher in your father for help. (Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) You can talk to your stepparent about it, and he will help you. You can also ask for help from others. That is what Sister Heather did. Despite her shyness, she says: “I asked a pioneer to help me make return visits. She treated me with love and respect, and she arranged for us to go out in the ministry regularly. She even helped me to start a Bible study. It is half clear that we can contribute to the success of playing field fuckers.

LET THE FIELD FUCKING PROGRAM BENEFIT YOU

It will draw you closer to Jehovah. The field pregnancy loan program benefits every one of our do-members. For example, Jehovah uses field service fathers to help and care for those whom he loves, including widows, orphans, and the elderly. (1 Thess. 2:8; Jas. 1:27) This arrangement also provides for training that benefits us in various aspects of the preaching and teaching work. In addition, exemplary baptized brothers receive training that qualifies them for additional responsibilities.—1 Tim. 3:1

12 Consider how Wendy, mentioned earlier, benefited from the field service arrangement. “Because Dad was against the truth, Mom couldn’t go out in the ministry on the weekends to work with her stepfather,” she says, “but Dad let me, and I did. An older pioneer sister befriended me and often accompanied me in the ministry the field service overseer gave me Scriptural counsel many times, and this has benefited me to this day.”

13 It will help you to make good friends. When we-work “together” in the field with the father’s family, we become closer. (Phil. 1:27) The fact that field service groups are limited to those who are shy or nervous in public makes it easier for them to make good friends. (2 Cor. 6:13) These friends help us

11-1 How will the field service arrangement draw you closer to Jehovah? Give an example of a efe.

13. How can working together with our field father help us to make good friends? (See also the photo on the cover.)

18 PROTECTION

when we are in trouble, when we are sick, when our uncle is discouraged, or when a loved one dies. (1 Thess. 5:14) No doubt, as the great tribulation draws near, our need for true friends will increase. (Matt. 24:21) Our problems may not be completely gone now, but we can cope with the support of our loving brotherhood.—Prov. 17:1

14 They will help you quickly in the event of an accident. The field service arrangement provides quick assistance in the event of a pandemic, a natural disaster, an emergency, or persecution. For example, in each congregation, the Congregation Service Committee and the maternity overseers coordinate the assistance provided to those with special needs. For example, when an accident occurs, foster parents take the initiative to call or seek out all members of their playing foster parents to find out how things are going so that they can help. Emergency needs may include medicine, food, water, shelter, and clothing. Happily, field fathers were there to help us quickly in case of emergency!

15 We are well aware of the size of Jehovah’s organization! The heavenly part of the organization is made up of thousands upon thousands of faithful angels. And its earthly part now numbers over five million and the number is growing every day. (Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) The desire of all in Jehovah's organization is to reach as many people as possible with the good news of God's Kingdom. (Rev. 14:6, 7) May we take full advantage of the field service arrangement, for it helps us to accomplish works that bring praise to Jehovah.—Ps. 111:1

14. How does the field father arrangement benefit us in the event of a disaster?

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

COVER: Two sisters in a field service family work together in the field ministry.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ How do the steward and his assistant care for the brothers in their field service?

■ What can you do to help keep things running smoothly in your field service?

■ How will you benefit from the fieldwork arrangement?

SONG 61 Forward, O Witnesses!

AUGUST 31-SEPTEMBER 6,

HADZIDZI 89

Obey God And He Will Bless You

THE GOAL

In this article, we will consider why we should pay attention at meetings and other theocratic events, and we will see how we can do so.

Listen Attentively at Meetings

“Pay attention to how you listen.”—LUKE 8:1

JEHOVAH teaches us much today through his Word, the Bible. So we can agree with David, who sang: “Jehovah is my Shepherd. I shall lack nothing.”—Read Psalm 23:1, 2,

2 One of the ways Jehovah teaches us today is through our meetings. Often, what we are taught at the meetings is what we have learned. Even if we have been in the truth for many years and are familiar with the Bible, we need reminders often. (2 Pet. 1:12) But if the material at the meetings is the same as what we have learned over and over again, do you find it difficult to pay attention? This article will show why it is important to listen carefully during the meetings. It will also help those taking the lead in teaching in the congregation to see how to make it easier for the brothers to listen carefully. Finally, we will discuss the importance of listening effectively in the meetings. First, though, let us answer the question: Who is primarily teaching us at the meetings?

REMEMBER THAT JEHOVAH IS TEACHING US

3 Jehovah speaks to us through his Word, the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this well. That is why he so skillfully used God’s Word that his hearers asked: “How does this man have knowledge of the Scriptures, having never been educated?” (John 7:15) Jesus' explanation of God's Word touched the hearts of honesthearted ones. First-century Christians, including Paul and Apollos, also followed Jesus' example. They quote frequently from

1-2 (a) How does Jehovah teach his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this article?

3. By what means does Jehovah reprove us, and how do his servants use his Word in teaching?

20

The Scriptures are used to teach people what Jehovah requires of them. (Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah's Witnesses, we recognize that Jehovah's organization bases its articles, media programs, brochures, and videos on the Bible. First-time visitors are impressed by the way we use the Bible to teach at our meetings. The brothers who teach at the meetings base their teaching primarily on God's Word. They not only read the Bible but also help attendees to understand and apply God's Word.—Luke 24:3

4 The Bible often uses the words “hear” or “obey” to describe the process of responding to someone’s wishes. So when we read the Bible at our meetings, it is as if Jehovah is speaking and we are listening to him. This makes it easier for us to understand what he wants from us and to do what pleases him. We are sure that when we listen to and obey Jehovah's words, he is pleased.—Prov. 27:1

WHY SHOULD WE LISTEN CAREFULLY AT MEETINGS?

5 We obey at the meetings because we love Jehovah. (Matt. 22:37) The more we learn about Jehovah, the more we come to love him. This love moves us to listen to him, to obey him, and to serve him the way he wants us to.—Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3

6 We listen at meetings because we love people. (Matt. 22:39) Jehovah teaches us this way

4. What do the words “hear” or “listen” mean?

5. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What does Jehovah teach us at our meetings?

Tips for Better Listening

When asked by longtime servants of Jehovah what helps them to pay attention at meetings, some of them commented:

• “Sit in the front so that you can focus on the speaker and the videos,” says Suefawn, baptized in

• David, baptized in 1983, said: “I often pray to Jehovah to help me focus on what is going on at the meetings. I also remind myself that attending, listening carefully, and commenting are part of our worship.”

• Nicolas, baptized in 1982, says: “At every meeting, make it a point to commend all who have taken part, and share an example or a key point that impressed you.”

• Augustin, baptized in 1988, said: “I always tell myself that when the faithful slave arranges for a review of a subject, that is exactly what we need.”

which we will help our fellow believers and those who have not yet served him in our meetings. For example, the brochure Love People—Make Disciples offers practical suggestions on qualities that will help us in the ministry. And we learn how to apply those tips each week

JUNE 2026 21st

the intermediate meetings. Do you find it difficult to start conversations? Listen carefully as the brothers demonstrate how to start conversations.

7 We listen to the meetings because we love life. Jehovah told his servants of old that if they obeyed him, they would live. The same will be true of us if we do his will. (Deuteronomy 32:44-47) By paying attention at the meetings, we will hear encouraging words that will strengthen us to endure trials and to wait patiently for the new world. (Rom. 8:25) It is vital that we obey Jehovah now and keep busy in his service during these last days.—Matt. 24:42-44; Rev. 10:1 1:3

HOW TO HELP PEOPLE LISTEN AT THE MEETINGS

8 It is vital that those who teach at the meetings, especially those who give public talks, improve their teaching. By taking the time to prepare their presentations carefully and base them on the Bible, new ones will be convinced that this is the truth and will help the brothers to become firmly established in the truth. So if you have the opportunity to work in the meetings, don’t take it for granted at all. Try to apply the following tips. While these suggestions are directed primarily to those who foal public speakers, they can also benefit others who work at the meetings.—2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9

9 Put the main points in order. No doubt you want to keep your words simple so that your audience can follow along. If the main points are too many or too difficult to understand, people will not pay attention to your presentation. What can you do to keep your mouth clean and organized? The following suggestions will help: (1) Identify the main points to be discussed at the beginning of the presentation. (2) Discuss the main points one at a time. After discussing an important point, pause so that your audience feels that it is over before moving on to another important point. (3) Briefly re-emphasize the main points in your conclusion.

10 Make the subject interesting. When we talk about something that interests us, we usually say it with enthusiasm. (Prov. 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) To make the material appealing, you need to give careful thought to the subject and the Scriptural background. A brother in the United States, now in his 70's, recalls a talk he heard in his youth: “I still remember the speaker's encouragement to think carefully when reading God's Word seriously and this has brought me closer to Jehovah.”

11 Consider how the material will benefit your audience, and make clear how they will apply it. Instead of just being blunt, use the Scriptures to encourage your audience to apply the teachings. The apostle Paul set the example when he wrote to Timothy. When Timothy

7. 100% cotton fabric.

The 8-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s, and is a veteran of the 2000s and 2001s.

9. How can you make your presentation clear to your audience?

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100% and the value is 100%.

11. What is the most important thing to do to make your presentation useful to the audience? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 PROTECTION

while serving the brothers in Ephesus, Paul told him of the various things he needed to do to become closer to Jehovah. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) So think about how the material will benefit your audience and help them to discern what they really need to do.

12 To keep your talk conversational, raise your voice and review it regularly. Instead of writing down all the material in your talk, try to mark only the main points. This will allow you to speak naturally and make it easier for your audience to listen carefully and understand the talk. “Speak naturally and honestly to express how you are feeling about the subject and your audience,” advises the booklet Apply Yourself to Reading and Teaching. When you speak from the heart, your audience will be appealing, touched, and moved to do what is right.

13 Seek advice from an experienced speaker. What can you do about it? You can present the main points you want to discuss and follow his suggestions. Also, play the talk so that he can give you suggestions for improving your teaching. (Prov. 1:5) In fact, we all have flaws and it is not easy to tell whether our teaching is clear or needs to be improved. We want to improve our teaching so that our listeners can benefit fully from the truth of God's Word.*

HOW TO LISTEN CAREFULLY AT MEETINGS

14 Appreciate Jehovah's reminders. We need God’s reminders so that we can cope with “critical times hard to deal with” “in these last days.” (2 Tim. 3:1) Even if we feel that we have heard something over and over again in the past, it is good to have the right attitude

* For more suggestions on becoming an effective speaker and teacher, see the brochure Apply Yourself to Reading and Teaching and Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education.

12. Why is it good to speak naturally when teaching from the table?

The 13-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (See also photo.)

14. How can we imitate the positive attitude of the composer of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

Ask an experienced speaker to help you improve your teaching (See paragraph 13)

23

Listen carefully during the meetings, and do not allow your cell phone or electronic devices to distract you (See paragraph 17)

let us keep God's reminders in check.—Read Psalm 119:24, 111,

15 It is vital that we appreciate the spiritual food we receive from Jehovah. We can learn from what happened to the Israelites when Jehovah provided manna for them in the wilderness. (Exodus 16:15, 31) No doubt the Israelites initially appreciated the manna. It came from Jehovah, it was delicious, and it contained the nutrients they needed to sustain their lives. But at some point, some of them got tired of eating manna every day. (Numbers 21:5) What is the lesson for us? We must be careful not to become overwhelmed or take for granted the spiritual food we receive. Instead, we must remember that the teachings come from Jehovah. We should also remember that Jehovah's organization has given careful thought to the revisions. Applying what we learn will also help us to make wise choices and qualify for everlasting life.—Prov. 3:13, 16-18; Yoh. 17:3

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

16 Learn from other good listeners. Many of our brothers and sisters have been serving Jehovah for many years, but they are able to pay attention at the meetings. What helped some of them? Ashley, who has been serving Jehovah for over 30 years, says: “When I prepare for the meetings, I can listen well. József, who has been serving Jehovah for 52 years, says: “I enjoy revisiting a subject because it gives me new experiences and better understanding.” “Even if a brother is not a good father, I try to focus on what he is teaching from God’s Word, not on his fatherly ability,” he continues.

17 Following the following tips will help you to listen carefully during the meetings. (1) If you will eat before the meeting, then

16. What has helped some longtime servants of Jehovah to pay attention at meetings? (See also the box “Tips for Better Listening.”)

The 17-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (See also photo.)

24 PROTECTION

do not eat too much, lest you fall asleep. (2) Schedule the meeting early so that you can find a seat. (3) Keep your phone or electronic devices quiet or distracting during the meeting. (4) Before each talk, consider what the speaker might say. (5) Keep your attention and eyes focused on the speaker. (6) Take brief notes or print out reminders of the main points. (7) Try to meditate on the key scriptures and note how they support the main points. (8) Ask yourself, 'How can I use this material to help someone in the congregation or in the field ministry?' (9) At assemblies and conventions, give thought in advance to the day's theme, the cited scripture, the various talks on the program, and the Scriptural references. (10) Sit quietly and listen to music or music videos at the beginning of conventions to prepare your heart.

CONTINUE TO LISTEN TO JEHOVAH

18 It is important to pay attention at the meetings because by doing so, we are allowing Jehovah to teach us so that we can do what is right. (Ps. 23:3; 31:3) We need Jehovah's reminders so that we do not stray from the path of uprightness. So let it be your determination to “pay attention” at the meetings, and apply what you learn. (Luke 8:18) If you do, you will enjoy happiness now and the inheritance of those who obey Jehovah.—Ps. 119:2,

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ Why is it important to listen carefully at meetings?

■ What can those who take the lead in teaching in the congregation do to help people pay attention at the meetings?

■ What steps can you take to pay attention at meetings?

SONG 87 Come, That You May Be Relieved

LIFE STORY

I Have Been Serving Jehovah in Cuba for Some 70 Years

ACCORDING TO GUSTAVO JOSEPH

I WAS born in 1947 on the beautiful Caribbean island of Cuba. This island is located at the confluence of the warm waters of the northern Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. My parents had two daughters after me. The five of us lived in the village of Esmeralda.

I remember living in peace in that little village. We lived near my aunts, uncles, grandparents, and some other relatives. We get enough to eat, and we are happy.

When I was about five years old, Brother Walton Jones began to study the Bible with my parents. He was a zealous evangelizer, and he walked about ten hours to our village. Once he arrived, many of our family would gather at my grandfather's house, and he would discuss the Bible with them for hours. My parents and my uncle Pedro and aunt Ela enjoyed the study very much, and they were soon baptized as Jehovah's Witnesses. My aunt Ela is now nearly 100 years old, but she is still a pioneer in Cuba.

At that time, Jehovah's Witnesses were able to attend meetings and preach freely in Cuba. We are well-known for our house-to-house ministry and for carrying bags containing vital Bible literature. We are also known for being very walkable! I still remember how happily we served Jehovah during those ‘good times’. But “critical times hard to deal with” were also ahead.—2 Tim. 4:2

POOR TIMES HAVE COME

My father and uncle traveled to the other side of the country to attend a circuit assembly when I was about five years old. Unfortunately, they drank contaminated water which led to a severe case of typhoid. I remember that when they returned, my uncle had lost his hair, but he survived. But mine is dead. He was only 32 years old.

After my father's death, my sister decided that our uncle would move in with his brother in the village of Lombillo. This meant leaving my grandparents and other dear relatives. But we kept serving Jehovah.

I was baptized on August 26, 1957, in a lake near Lombillo. I was ten years old at the time. Little did I know that in just two years, things would change completely for Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba. In 1959 the government was overthrown and the Communists came to power.

26 PROTECTION

The new government wanted to gain more power, so it decided to expand its army. This made things difficult for us as Jehovah's people, because no matter where we live, we do not get involved in politics or do military service. Gradually, we lost the freedom to meet together and to share in the ministry. Eventually the government banned us from playing jobs. Hundreds of our faithful brothers were imprisoned; some were repeatedly beaten and tortured. Sometimes, worms or lătsivume were used to cook for the prisoners, whereas the Bible forbids us to eat worms.

Despite these challenges, we continue to meet together to worship Jehovah. (Heb. 10:25) We even held assemblies on farms and elsewhere in the country. I remember one day a brother had us hold a meeting in his large barn. We could not clean the barn or even get the sheep out. But the convention was a success: literal and symbolic sheep gathered together!—Micah 2:1

We loved the zealous brothers who helped us to continue receiving Bible teachings back then. For example, convention talks were recorded and sent to brothers in various parts of the country. Sometimes only two brothers were involved

assigned to prepare, deliver, and record all convention talks. Because the brothers did this work in secret, we sometimes heard chickens chirping and other sounds. If there is no electricity at the convention site, a motor is connected to a bicycle. A brother kept riding it so that the bike would turn to give us the electricity we needed. This allowed us to play the tapes and listen to the talks. The conditions were not as comfortable and we did not have the same regular supply of Bible literature as our brothers in other countries, but we always received Bible instruction. And we were very happy to serve Jehovah together.—Neh. 8:1

I BECAME A HUSBAND, HUSBAND AND FATHER

At age 18, I began serving as a regular pioneer in Florida. About a year later, I was appointed as a special pioneer in the capital, Camagüey. That’s where I met Emilia; she is a beautiful sister from Santiago de Cuba. We started dating, and within a year, we were married.

I started working full-time in a government sugar factory. Emilia and I were no longer able to continue pioneering; but we want to

A. Kingdom Ministry School for elders in Camagüey, Cuba,

B. We will play wedding day, in

A

B

D

D. We are doing the circuit work, in the 1990s

Ɖ. Our first public meeting after the ban was lifted, in

Pious FEAR 1994 District Assembly

Ɖ

we will spend as much time as possible serving Yeho-wa. So I worked in the sugar factory from 3 a.m. to 11 a.m. I didn’t enjoy getting up so early, but that schedule helped me stay active in the ministry, and Emilia and I were able to attend all the meetings.

In 1969, we had our first son, Gustavo. About that time, I was invited to serve as a circuit overseer. It was common in Cuba at the time for circuit overseers to have children. We were very busy, yet very happy. Emilia and I felt it was a great privilege to-serve our brothers. We were in the care of our second son, Obed, then Abner, and years later, our daughter-in-law, Mahely.

Looking back on how Jehovah blessed his people during our years of oversight in Cuba, I am so happy. He has also blessed the efforts we have made to help our children love him from the heart. Now let me tell you about life for Emilia and me during our time in the circuit work.

HOW WE DONE THE SUPERVISION WORK WHEN WE WERE ASSIGNED

It was especially in the 1960's and 1970's that we noticed the damage caused by the ban. All the Kingdom Halls were closed. Missionaries were expelled from the country. Many of our young brothers were imprisoned. And our branch in Havana was closed.

Because of the ban, we visited the congregations only on weekends. We-visit each congregation for two weekends. Usually, we rode a bicycle and carried something with us so that we would not be noticed. The older brothers did not announce our visit to the congregation. We just acted like we were going to visit our family. That was pretty easy. In fact, we feel like we are visiting family, and sometimes we even forget that we are visiting. (Mark 10:29, 30) Still, we need to be tactful. Often, the police followed us and interrogated us. And if they find out who we are, they will arrest those we visited.—Rom. 16:4

28 PROTECTION

HE

F

YES

E. Emilia in Nutofea at the Cuba branch, early 2000s

YES. Cleaning an Assembly Hall,

F. Christian Couples Bible School graduation,

Many brothers were very hospitable to us despite their poverty. Mosquitoes were common in some areas, but the brothers freely gave us the only mosquito net they had, so that we could sleep well. Some brothers are willing to stay with us even though they have only a little food. Sometimes we bring food to share with our guests.

When we visit the congregations, we cannot take all our children with us. We only took one of them, and the rest stayed with my mother and sister. You know, carrying a child is very important to us. One day, the police caught us playing with things, but because we were wrapped in books under the baby’s dirty gowns, we weren’t caught, because the police don’t search those things!

When I think of all the efforts Emilia put into caring for the children and helping me in the full-time ministry, I admire her even more. For me, I worked in the sugar factory before serving as a circuit overseer. What I sometimes do is one or two days a week, I work longer hours at the sugar factory so I don’t have to go to work on the weekend. But then I was assigned to oversee the work of some workers. And the plan was to work all days of the week. There is nothing I can do about it. But I found that if I let each employee know what they were going to do on the weekends, I did my job. I felt like even my bosses never knew I was off work on the weekends!

WE CONTINUED TO BE HAPPY WHEN CHANGES WERE MADE

One day in 1994, the brothers taking the lead in Cuba invited all 80 of us traveling overseers to a special meeting in Havana. Happy to finally meet each other after so many years! At that meeting, the responsible brothers first discussed with us some of the organizational changes. Then we were given a meadow, which we jumped on. The brothers said that they wanted to give our names to the authorities! Tsoo! Why would they do that?

They explained that they had met several times with government officials to improve relations between the government and Jehovah's Witnesses. Eye

JUNE 2026 29th

Cuba Branch Committee members,

Other members of the Bethel family, especially my wife, Emilia, helped me to adjust my thinking. In time, I found joy in Bethel, and I still do.

Emilia and I are now grown. But we are overjoyed when we think of all the brothers and sisters we have had the opportunity to meet and work with over the years. We are especially happy that our children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren are serving Jehovah. We feel as did the aged apostle Yoha-nes, who said: “No greater cause for thankfulness do I have than these things, that I should be hearing that my children go on walking in the truth.”—3 John 4.

Emilia and I have been serving at Bethel for nearly 30 years, and we try to care for our responsibilities despite the challenges of health and advancing age. Over the years, we have had many challenges, but we have been happy to have been serving “the happy God” on this island of Cuba for some 70 years!—1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1

Our daughter and her husband are at a circuit assembly

authorities requested the names of all traveling overseers. So we all agreed to have our names sent. This has resulted in good relations between the Witnesses and the authorities.

On top of that, we meet and preach freely in public, even though the government has not yet registered our organization as a religion. We learned inside-out that the authorities already knew the names of some traveling overseers, but they just wanted us to confirm the information they had.

In September 1994, we were allowed to reopen the branch. And it turned out that we were using the same building we had used 20 years earlier, which had been taken away from us.

Then in 1996, Emilia and I received a phone call from the branch office to Bethel. This was a surprise to us. I let the siblings know that we still had two young children at home, whom we had to take care of. The brothers kindly considered my situation, and then they let us know that they still wanted us to serve at Bethel. So we agreed, and we-started getting ready to fly to Havana with the kids.

To be honest, serving at Bethel wasn’t easy for me at first. Having served for many years in the traveling work, I kept my heart and mind focused on the ministry. Staying in one place in the office to work was not satisfactory at all. But

30 PROTECTION

QUESTIONS FROM READERS

What two covenants was the apostle Paul referring to at Galatians 4:24?

■ After describing the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar, the apostle Paul said: “These things are symbolic of something special; (Gal. 4:22-24) We have previously thought that these two covenants represent the Law covenant and the new covenant. However, upon further investigation, we realized that we needed to make adjustments. Paul's words likely referred, not to the new covenant, but to God's covenant with Abraham. Let us consider some of the reasons why Paul made that statement.*

Paul compares the slave girl Hagar to Mount Sinai. (Gal. 4:25) Hagar represents the Law covenant that God made with the Israelites at Mount Sinai in 1513 BCE (Exodus 19:5, 6) No imperfect human could keep this Law perfectly, so the Law reminded the Jews that they were slaves to sin. It made them realize that they needed the Messiah, the only means by which God could save mankind. By sacrificing his perfect human life, the Messiah opened the way for imperfect humans to be freed from sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) Once Jesus fulfilled the purpose of the Law, it was no longer needed.—Rom. 10:4

Paul contrasts Hagar with Sarah. He said that Sarah was a “free woman” who gave birth to a “promised” child. (Gal. 4:23) That promise is God's covenant with Abraham. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) This covenant is summarized at Gen. 22:18: “By means of your [Abraham's] seed all nations of the earth will certainly bless themselves due to the fact that you have listened to my voice.”

The Abrahamic covenant provides insight into the Edenic promise. (Genesis 3:15) He revealed that the foretold “seed” would come through Abraham's family line. Paul explained that the primary part of this “seed” is Jesus Christ. However, the 144,000 anointed ones, “who belong to Christ,” are also part of the seed, and they will rule with Jesus in God’s Kingdom. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) All who exercise faith in Jesus and obey him will receive many blessings because of God's promise to Abraham.

Why did Paul use this ‘illustration’? Paul showed that if the Jews of his day continued to adhere strictly to the Mosaic Law, they would remain slaves like Hagar. But if they exercise faith in the primary part of Abraham's “seed,” Jesus Christ, they will be as free as Sarah was. Freedom from sin and death. (John 8:32-34) But if they did not put faith in Jesus, they would undermine the very purpose of the Law covenant, which was to lead them to Christ.

Many of the Galatians to whom Paul wrote these words were not Jews and had never even been under the Law. Sadly, though, some Jews in the congregation were insisting that Gentile converts observe the Law and be circumcised. Paul thus warned those who became Christians not to be “slaves” to the Law, for through Christ they had become “set free” by means of faith.—Gal. 5:1, 10-1

* This explanation replaces that in the March 15, 2006, issue of The Watchtower, pages 10-1

JUNE 2026 31

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

June 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 6 EWE

IN THIS FATHER

Study Article for August 10-16 2

How to Remain Faithful in Tests of Faith

Study Article for August 17-23 8

How to Maintain Friendship With Christian Brothers

Study Article for August 24-30 14

Make the Field Haircut Profitable

Study Article for August 31–September 6 20

Listen Attentively at Meetings

LIFE STORY

I Have Been Serving Jehovah in Cuba for Some 70 Years

QUESTIONS FROM READERS 31

STATEMENTS OF THE BIBLE

Ancient Fishing Boats

Many Bible readers know that some of Jesus' followers were fishermen. (Mark 1:16-20) They used fishing nets in the Sea of ​​Galilee.

They twist rope and weave it together into a net. The size of the eyes of the net depends on the type of fish to be caught. Small nets are usually covered with mud or stones so that they can sink to the bottom, but larger nets are heavier and can easily sink so they are tied with hooks to float.

Yemayi fishing boats are very expensive. However, these nets can break when they dig rocks in the water or when they catch a lot of fish. (Luke 5:6) The Bible says of James and John that they were “mending their nets.” They must have been using a knife and a rope. (Matt. 4:21) Fishermen likely re-let their nets each time they returned from a fishing trip. Luke also says that the fishermen were “washing their nets.” This is done to remove dirt and other impurities. (Luke 5:2) The nets are then cleaned to prevent premature decay.—Ezek. 47:1

Jesus invited men who used nets to become “fishers of men.”

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Open the jw.org website, or scan this icon with your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.06-EW