JULY 2026

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

INFORMATION FROM: SEPTEMBER 7-OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

PSALM 88 Make Me Know Your Name

WHAT WE WILL LEARN We will learn from the account of the Gibeonites and from Jehovah's dealings with them.

What We Can Learn From the Account of the Gibeonites

“The Gibeonites proceeded to conclude a covenant of peace with Israel and to dwell with them.”—JOSH. 10:1.

IT HAS been 40 years since the Israelites left Egypt. Now they went to the Promised Land, and they conquered the cities of Jericho and Ai. Some people in other parts of the land of Ca ́naan have heard about what the Israelites have done. Some of these people came to make a peace treaty with the Israelites. They refused to pretend that they were from a distant land and wanted to be friends with God's people rather than to fight against them.

2 The people who came to Israel were called Gibeonites. It is in that account that the Gibeonites are first mentioned in the Bible. They are mentioned many times in the Bible. The Bible shows that they lived with the Israelites for many years. The Gibeonites displayed many fine qualities that we can imitate. We can also learn about Jehovah's qualities from what happened to them.

TRUST IN JEHOVAH AND BE HUMBLE

3 When the Israelites entered the Promised Land, there were seven nations called Canaanites living in the land, and they had to fight against the Canaanites and defeat them. These nations were much more populous than the Israelites, and their armies were much larger than the Israelites. (Deut. 7:1) One of these nations was the Hivites; The Gibeonites were among the Hivites. The Gibeonites lived in a city called Gibeon. This city is fortified and heavily armed.

1-2. Why is it good for us to meditate on what the Bible says about the Gibeonites?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did they plead with the Israelites not to destroy them?

2

The Gibeonites tricked Joshua into making a peace treaty with them (See verse 4)

(Josh. 10:2) The other Canaanites wanted to fight against Israel, but the Gibeonites did not want to do so because they saw that they could never defeat Israel. Why did they come to that conclusion? Because they realized that Jehovah was helping the Israelites to win the battle. They knew that Jehovah had promised to give the land of Caʹnaan to the Israelites. (Ex. 34:11; Josh. 9:24) So when they learned that the Israelites had conquered Jericho and Ai, they sent men to Joshua at Gilgal to beg him not to destroy them.*

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeonites deceived Joshua into thinking that they were from a distant land. They said

* The men sent to Israel came from Gibeon and from three other Hivite cities, Chephirah, Beeroth, and Kiriath-jearim.—Josh. 9:17.

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites trick the Israelites into making peace with them? (See also opening image.) (b) How did the Israelites react when they learned that the Gibeonites had deceived them?

They had heard that Jehovah had destroyed the Egyptian army and had given the Israelites victory over two Amorite kings, Sihon and Og. But they did something that showed they were smart. The Israelites had just conquered Jericho and Ai, but they did not mention it because it would take time for people “in a distant land” to hear about it. If they had mentioned it, the Israelites would have realized that it was not true that they had come from a distant land. Joshua and the men of Israel believed what the Gibeonites said. So they promised the Gibeonites that they would not destroy them. But they did not ask Jehovah before making a promise to the Gibeonites. (Josh. 9:14, 15) The Israelites soon learned that the Gibeonites had deceived them. But because the Israelites had sworn by Jehovah, they kept their promise. (Josh. 9:16-19) The Israelites assured them that they would be allowed to live with them. But they told them that they would become “liars and slanderers for the people and for Jehovah's altar.”—Josh. 9:27.

JULY 2026 3

5 The five Amorite kings heard that the Gibeonites had not made peace with Israel. So they joined forces to fight against the Gibeonites. The Gibeonites were afraid and asked Joshua to help them fight the Amorites. (Josh. 10:3-7) Joshua and his army went to Gibeon to help them, and Jehovah gave them the victory. Jehovah even caused heavy hailstones to fall from the sky on the Amorites, causing it to be very late in the morning so that the Israelites could completely defeat the Amorites. (Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites showed faith in Jehovah. What did they do to show that? First, they made a peace treaty with the Israelites. Also, when the Amorites tried to attack them, they asked the Israelites for help. The Gibeonites had strong faith that Jehovah would protect them and fulfill his promise to the Israelites.

6 What do we learn about Jehovah from the way he dealt with the Gibeonites? Jehovah is humble and merciful. Jehovah told the Israelites to destroy all the Canaanites, including the Gibeonites. (Num. 33:51, 52) But when the Israelites made peace with the Gibeonites, Jehovah showed mercy to the Gibeonites and spared them. Jehovah did that for the Israelites before they entered into the covenant of peace. Later, Jehovah helped the Israelites to keep their promise to the Gibeonites, and he protected them. —Josh. 9:26; 11:19.

7 How can we imitate the Gibeonites? First, we must take steps to strengthen our faith in Jehovah. We know far more about Jehovah than the Gibeonites did. So we have many reasons to have strong faith in Jehovah. (Psalm 40:4, 5) Second, when we willingly perform services that are often lowly to Jehovah, we imitate the Gibeonites. (Josh. 9:23, 27) A young Bethelite named Luke recalls an occasion when an older brother who also serves at Bethel showed great humility. This elderly brother has many responsibilities at Bethel. However, on one occasion when a Kingdom Hall was being built, he willingly attended a meeting to care for the Kingdom Hall and its construction materials. Luke says: “I learned that humility is not just a matter of how a person feels, but it must also be seen in his actions.” So if we each day trust in Jehovah to help us cope with our problems, we are imitating the Gibeonites. And we show that we are imitating them when we humbly accept whatever assignment is needed in Jehovah's organization.

IF YOU HAVE BEEN TREATED, KEEP TRUSTING JEHOVAH

8 The Bible tells us what happened to the Gibeonites during the reign of King Saul of Israel. King Saul tried to kill all the Gibeonites in Israel “because of his jealousy against Israel and Judah.”* This resulted in the death of some of the Gibeonites. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) How wrong that was! Saul broke the long-standing peace treaty between Israel and the Gibeonites.

5. How did the Gibeonites show that they trusted in Jehovah?

6. What do we learn about Jehovah from the way he dealt with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we imitate the Gibeonites? (See also picture.)

* The Bible does not say exactly why Saul did this bad thing. Some scholars believe that Saul did this because he did not want foreigners to live in Israel.

8. What bad thing did King Saul do to the Gibeonites?

4

THE WATCHTOWER

Be humble like the Gibeonites, and do work that is often menial

(See paragraph 7)

9 In time, Jehovah executed judgment on the Gibeonites. Jehovah did that when David became king. How did he do that? It did not rain for three years, and this caused a famine in Israel. David asked Jehovah why there was a famine in the land. Jehovah told him that Saul and his household were bloodguilty because they had treated the Gibeonites badly years earlier.—2 Sam. 21:1.

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. David called the Gibeonites to him and asked what he could do for them because of the bad things that Saul had done to them. The Gibeonites did not ask David for more money. Why? They knew that the Law said that if a person killed someone unintentionally, “no ransom should be given for his life,” but he was to be put to death anyway. (Num. 35:30, 31) But they also knew that they could not kill anyone unless the king gave them permission to do so. So David gave the Gibeonites permission to kill seven men of Saul's family. These men may have helped Saul to kill the Gibeonites. After a while, the rain started falling again and the drought was over. This shows that Jehovah's anger against the Israelites because of the bad things they had done to the Gibeonites had subsided.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

11 What do we learn about Jehovah from the way he dealt with the Gibeonites? His dealings with them show that he is just. (Psalm 37:28) People often treat people of another nationality or who are different from them well. But Jehovah wants all people to be treated fairly. Moreover, God's people are persecuted and mistreated. But Jehovah promises that in the future he will bless them and make them suffer again. Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites also show that he expected the Israelites to keep their covenant of peace with the Gibeonites, and he expects us to keep our word.—Compare Amos 1:9.

12 How can we imitate the Gibeonites? Sometimes our brothers may treat us badly. But if that happens, we need to wait patiently for Jehovah to act

9. When did Jehovah show that he was displeased with the treatment of the Gibeonites?

10. How did the Gibeonites show that they wanted to obey God's Law? (2 Samuel 21:3-6)

11. What do we learn about Jehovah from the way he dealt with the Gibeonites?

12. How can we imitate the Gibeonites?

JULY 2026 5

problem solving. If we do so, we show that we trust that Jehovah will set matters straight in his due time. Here is a story that shows that. Laura French, an anointed sister, began serving at Canada Bethel in 1926. Ten years later, she received a terrible sentence. Some accused him of joining a group of Bethelites who had become apostates. Although the charges against him were false, he was dismissed from Bethel. How did he react to the charges against him? He was deeply hurt, but he did not say anything bad about the congregation or the brothers. Instead, she courageously served as a pioneer for four years. Then, in 1940, he was surprised and thrilled to be invited back to Bethel. He remained faithful to Jehovah and served at Bethel for 50 years until his death. Like Sister French, we can continue to do what is right and wait on Jehovah to act in his due time.—Isa. 26:3, 4.

KEEP SERVING JEHOVAH FAITHFULLY

13 The Bible tells us that some 500 years after King David died, something happened to the Gibeonites. The Jews had been in Babylon for about 70 years and had been freed from Babylon. So Governor Zerubbabel and some of the Jews returned to Jerusalem. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Some 70 years later, Ezra the secretary and other Jews left Babylon and returned to Jerusalem. (Ezra 7:1-7) Those who left with Zerubbabel were few in number. And so it was with those who went with Ezra. But in each of these two groups, the Bible says that there were also those called “Nethinim.” (See footnotes on Ezra 2:58 and 7:7.) The Nethinim were “non-Israelite temple servants,” most of whom were descendants of the Gibeonites.—See Bible Glossary, “Nethinim.”

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote. “The ministers of the temple” were among the first group to return to Jerusalem. Their actions showed great faith because not all Jews returned. At that time, many Jews had beautiful homes in Babylon and were making a lot of money there. So they did not want to leave their comfortable life and return to Jerusalem to support the work there. But some descendants of the Gibeonites and some faithful Jews were eager to build a new temple for Jehovah to worship him there. So they returned to Israel, although they did not find it easy. The Jews had land in Israel, but the descendants of the Gibeonites had no land there. Nevertheless, they returned to Israel to help with the work on Jehovah's temple and even to help repair Jerusalem's walls.—Neh. 3:26.

15 What do we learn about Jehovah from the way he dealt with the Gibeonites? His dealings with them show that he cares for his loyal worshipers and that he always cares for them. After Jehovah delivered the Gibeonites in the days of Joshua, he continued to bless them. When the Babylonians destroyed Jerusalem, Jehovah saved the descendants of the Gibeonites. And when they returned from Babylon, he had them continue to serve at the temple. Some of them seem to have even lived near the temple. (Ezra 2:70; Neh. 11:21) And because they served at the temple

13. Who were called “the Nethinim”? And what did they do when the Jews were freed from Babylon?

14. How did the Gibeonites show their loyalty to Jehovah? (1 Chronicles 9:2 emphasis added)

15. What do we learn about Jehovah from the way he dealt with the Gibeonites?

6 | THE WATCHTOWER

so the Persian king exempted them from paying the various taxes imposed in his empire.—Ezra 4:1-10. 7:24.

16 How can we imitate the Gibeonites? We should serve Jehovah to the best of our ability and help others to do the same. Sometimes this will require that we make some adjustments. Alwin, a brother in the Philippines, set a fine example in this regard. He was working a high-paying job. But he wanted to do more in Jehovah's service. So each time the circuit overseer visits their congregation, he asks for time off from work so that he can have a full share in the ministry that week, and this makes him very happy. So Alwin prayed to Jehovah to help him find another job that would allow him to pioneer. Alwin knew that if he changed his job, his income would decrease. However, he quit his job and later found another one that enabled him to pioneer. His wife joined him in the pioneer work, and they were able to help 21 people learn the truth. No doubt Jehovah deeply appreciates the efforts of this brother and his wife. If we serve Jehovah to the best of our ability, we too can be confident that he notices and appreciates us and that he will continue to care for us.—Matt. 6:33.

17 Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites reveal some of his beautiful qualities. They are humble, merciful, just, and faithful. He blesses all who worship him faithfully. We can also learn from the way the Gibeonites reacted. Like the Gibeonites, we need to strengthen our faith in Jehovah and trust in him even when we face severe trials. We must also be humble and willing to do whatever Jehovah asks of us in his service. In addition, when we are treated unfairly, we need to be patient and trust that Jehovah will correct matters in his due time and bless us. Finally, we must serve Jehovah to the best of our ability and be loyal to him. If we do, we will learn a powerful lesson from the Gibeonites.

16. How can we imitate the Gibeonites?

17. What have we learned from the account of the Gibeonites?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ How can we imitate the faith and humility of the Gibeonites?

■ If we are treated unfairly, how can we imitate the Gibeonites?

■ How can we continue to serve Jehovah faithfully, as the Gibeonites did?

PSALM 148 Jehovah Is Our Provider

SEPTEMBER 14-20, 2026

The Scriptures in the Book of Isaiah Can Comfort You

“This is what Jehovah has said: . . . ‘Like a man whom a mother keeps comforting, so I myself shall keep comforting you people.’” —ISA. 66:12, 13.

PSALM 41 Please Hear My Prayer

WHAT WE WILL LEARN We will see how reading and meditating on certain scriptures in the book of Isaiah can comfort us when we are anxious or depressed.

IMAGINE that a child is very sad and crying. Why is she sad and crying? Maybe, they are moving away and so she will leave her friends and never see them again. Or maybe he did something wrong and that made him feel bad. What would a loving mother do in such a situation? He would hug his son, ask him what was wrong, and let him know how much he loved him.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah likens himself to a loving mother who comforts her children. He said: “Like a man whom his own mother keeps comforting, so I myself shall keep comforting you people.” (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah loves us even more than we love our parents. (Isa. 49:15) He has had his Word, the Bible, recorded so that it can comfort and encourage us when we are sad or anxious.—Rom. 15:4.

3 The book of Isaiah contains many of Jehovah's words that can comfort us. (Isa. 40:1) At one time, Jehovah's people in the land of Judah experienced many difficult situations. So Jehovah had Isaiah write a letter to comfort them. Today, we too live in “critical times hard to deal with,” and we need comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) In this article, we will consider some scriptures from the book of Isaiah. These scriptures can comfort and strengthen us when (1) our circumstances change unexpectedly, (2) our conscience bothers us because of past sins, and (3) when we lose a loved one in death.

1-2. How does Jehovah help us when we are discouraged or depressed? 3. What will we consider in this lesson?

8

WHEN OUR LIFE CHANGE UNEXPECTED

4 Our circumstances may change unexpectedly. (Eccl. 9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) We may be beset by illness, illness, violence, or a change in our assignment in Jehovah's service. When that happens, we may become discouraged or depressed. We might ask ourselves, 'What will I do?' After serving at Bethel for some 17 years, a brother named Joseph was invited to serve as a pioneer. “I was confused,” she says. “I didn’t know where to start or what would happen to me, since I had served at Bethel for so many years.” If our circumstances change unexpectedly, what message did Jehovah have recorded in the book of Isaiah that can comfort us?

4. If our circumstances change unexpectedly, how might we feel?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. Jehovah has promised to lead those who are in some way blind in ways that they have never walked before, and to turn their darkness into light. When our circumstances change unexpectedly, we may feel like “blind men” who are walking on “a dark road with mountains and valleys and valleys that they have never traveled before.” We may also feel as if we are walking through a dense forest and cannot find our way. But Jehovah promises that no matter what happens, he will not abandon us and will guide us. He will take us by the hand and lead us through the darkness, lighting our path. It will also smooth out the uphill and downhill and downhill road we were walking on. How will he do this? He will give us sound counsel through his Word and his organization.

5. According to Isaiah 42:16, what does Jehovah promise to do for us? (See also picture.)

Even if your circumstances change unexpectedly, Jehovah will never abandon you (See paragraph 5)

If you ‘walk in unfamiliar paths, I will not leave you’

(Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) In addition, he will help us through our brotherhood. So even if our circumstances change unexpectedly and we do not know the way to go or it seems difficult to walk, we can be confident that Jehovah will help us. Why? Because he loves us and understands how we feel. —Yes. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 Joseph, mentioned in paragraph 4, spoke of how Jehovah showed his love for him and his wife and how He helped them when they left Bethel. He says: “When we left Bethel, we felt Jehovah's love and support. He used our wonderful brothers to help us. He gave us what we needed and comforted us at the right time, and he continues to do so.” Similarly, if your circumstances change unexpectedly, be assured that Jehovah will strengthen and guide you, even if the change seems overwhelming. (Isa. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph also says: “I love one of the other songs of the congregation. One of the lyrics says, 'No one knows the future. But God is with me; my heart will not be troubled.'* Jehovah will not leave us!”

IF OUR CONSCIENCE IS TROUBLED BECAUSE OF A PAST SIN

7 If we report a serious sin to the elders, they will help us

* It is part of one of the congregation’s songs, “I Know That God Is With Me.”

6. If our circumstances change unexpectedly, what should we never forget?

7. How do some who have sinned in the past feel?

because they love us. Then we do all we can to avoid repeating that sin. (Prov. 28:13; Jas. 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) If Jehovah forgives our sins, we may still feel guilty. We might reason, 'Jehovah will never forgive me for what I have done.' (2 Cor. 2:7) It is not wrong for us to feel that way, for past sins can be very difficult to forget, and our conscience may be troubled for a long time. King David went through a similar situation; he said: “My bones have been refreshed because of my sin.” “I’m completely exhausted and broken,” she added. (Psalm 38:3, 8) If you ever feel that way, you may find comfort in some of the scriptures found in the book of Isaiah.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. When Jehovah forgives our sins, he does so completely and forgets them. He illustrates this with an example in the book of Isaiah. He says that even if our sins are “as scarlet,” he will make them “as white as snow.” If there is a blood stain on our white clothes, it is not easy to remove. However, Jehovah says that even if our sins are like scarlet, they will be made white just like snow; he will blot out our sins completely, and it will be as if we had never sinned.

9 Jehovah's dealings with King David when he made mistakes illustrate this truth. Although King David committed adultery and murder, Jehovah forgave him when he repented. He later said that David worshiped him with a complete heart. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Ki. 9:4, 5) When David came to Jehovah's attention, he focused on his loyalty, not on his mistakes

8-9. What does Isaiah 1:18 reveal about Jehovah's forgiveness?

10 THE WATCHTOWER

“You have cast all my sins behind your back”

Jehovah looks at what we are now, not what we were in the past (See verse 11)

the. Similarly, if we sin but are repentant, Jehovah forgives us and helps us to continue serving him with a clean conscience. What else is said in the book of Isaiah that can comfort us if our conscience is troubled by past sins?

10 Read Isaiah 38:17 and footnote. The expression “you have thrown all my sins behind your back” can also be rendered, “you have wiped out all my sins from before your face.” In this verse, we see that when a sinner repents, Jehovah throws his sins beyond his sight or mind. One reference work renders this expression: “You have made it seem that I have done nothing wrong.” This means that when Jehovah forgives, he views us as if we had not sinned. So he didn’t punish us for it because

Do not let past mistakes rob you of your joy

he no longer remembered. He promises that he will “remember our sins no more.” (Isa. 43:25) Is that not comforting? If Jehovah, the Supreme Judge, does not remember our sins, how much more so should we remember them and not let our conscience bother us.

11 If we are troubled by a guilty conscience because of past sins, we need to remember Jehovah's promise. When he forgives us, he forgives us completely. Jehovah does not view us as worthless because of past sins, nor does he view us as imperfect humans who cannot be forgiven. (Isa. 57:16) Jehovah is interested, not in our past appearance, but in our

10. What comforting assurance can we find at Isaiah 38:17?

11. What does Jehovah focus on regarding past sins? (See also picture.)

JULY 2026 11

“Your dead ones will live”

In any case, we will see our dead loved ones again (See verse 14)

how we are now and what people we are trying to become in the future. (Isa. 55:7) Jehovah loves us very much, and he wants to forgive us when we make mistakes. Let us, then, remember how much Jehovah loves us and not allow past mistakes to rob us of joy or cause us to stop serving Jehovah and thus lose out on everlasting life.

WHEN SOMEONE WE LOVE DIES

12 When someone we love dies, we are deeply grieved, and we may feel that way for a long time. At times, we may wonder, 'Why did Jehovah allow him to die?' A brother named Michael felt that way when his parents died in a fire. “I was devastated,” she says, “and I was very angry with Jehovah for allowing them to die.

12. How might we feel when someone we love dies?

I know he didn't cause their deaths, but he didn't deserve it either.” Perhaps you have felt as he did. What has Jehovah done to comfort us and give us hope when we lose a loved one in death?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah has promised that “he will actually swallow up death forever.” Imagine yourself in the new world where no one will ever die again. At that time, you will be saddened by the death of a loved one. (Isa. 35:10) It is unlikely that you will ever see a loved one put in a coffin and be buried and be deeply grieved. Instead, you will have the hope that your loved ones will enjoy good health and that you will be with them forever. This is not a lawsuit. It is something that will come true, for Jehovah has promised it

13. What assurance does Jehovah give us at Isaiah 25:8?

12 THE WATCHTOWER

and he alone can make it happen.—Rev. 21:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Not only will Jehovah undo death but he will also bring back to life our loved ones who have died. Here is what he said about the dead. He said: “My dead ones will rise.” This means that Jehovah views them as his people, that he will not forget them, and that in his due time he will bring them back to life. Just as water brings dead trees back to life, Jehovah, the Source of all life, will bring back to life our dead loved ones. How happy we will be when we welcome them back!—Compare Mark 5:42.

15 Although we believe God's promise to resurrect the dead, we are deeply saddened when someone we love dies. But we know that Jehovah has not forgotten them, and that is very comforting. This hope comforted Michael, mentioned in paragraph 12. She says: “Isaiah 26:19 helped me to see that Jehovah does not forget my parents. He will not forget them, and he will resurrect them in the future. This gives me strength and comfort.” It is good, then, to visualize the resurrection from time to time. If we do, we will be comforted.

16 In this article, we have considered a few scriptures in the book of Isaiah that can comfort us when our circumstances change unexpectedly, when we are troubled by past sins, or when we lose a loved one in death. How grateful we are that Jehovah comforts us by means of the Bible! (Psalm 94:19) Do you have a scripture that you have found comforting when you are anxious? If so, write it down in your head or on a piece of paper and stick it somewhere easy to find. May these words from our loving heavenly Father, Jehovah, continue to comfort you.

14. How does the resurrection make you feel? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also picture.)

15. When a loved one dies, how does Jehovah's promise of a resurrection comfort us?

16. When you are in a difficult situation, what scripture do you find comforting?

WHAT WE SEE IN THE PICTURES Page 9: A brother and his wife who left Bethel are welcomed by their new congregation. Page 11: A brother has overcome past mistakes and has enjoyed attending the Pioneer Service School.

HOW DO THE FOLLOWING SCRIPTURES COMFORT YOU?

■ Isaiah 42:16.

■ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17.

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19.

LALA 3

Jehovah—Our Strength, Our Hope; We Trust in You

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

PSALM 12 Jehovah Is the Almighty God

WHAT WE WILL LEARN In this article, we will answer the following questions: What does it mean to know Jehovah? Why should we continue to learn about him? And how can we get to know him better?

14

Continue to Learn About Jehovah to Know Him Better

“Get to know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart.” —1 CRO. 28:9.

JEHOVAH, our God, is all-knowing, all-wise, and all-powerful. When we think about all of this, we are amazed. The apostle Paul wrote: “O the depth of God’s riches and wisdom and knowledge! How unsearchable his judgments are and past tracing out his ways are!” Perhaps you feel as did Paul.—Rom. 11:33, 34.

2 Although we cannot know everything about Jehovah, we can learn about him. What does that mean? King David told his son Solomon: "Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart . . . If you search for him, he will let himself be found by you." (1 Chron. 28:9) Centuries later, the apostle John told his brothers that they could have “the accurate knowledge of the true one.” (1 John 5:20) Jesus himself said that he would help people to “take in knowledge of the Father.”—Matt. 11:27.

3 All who serve Jehovah today have already learned much about him. After all, there is always more to learn about Jehovah. (John 17:3; see footnote.) For example, we can learn about him so that we can see what makes him happy and what will strengthen our faith in him.

1. How do we feel about Jehovah's all-knowing and wonderful works?

2. What shows that we can know Jehovah?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

In this article, we will consider three questions. They will help all of us, regardless of how long we have been serving Jehovah, to get to know him better. The questions are: What does it mean to know Jehovah? Why should we keep trying to get to know him better than we do? And how can we get to know him better?

WHAT PROVES THAT SOMEONE KNOWS JEHOVAH?

4 What is one way we can come to know Jehovah? Jehovah promised the Jewish exiles in Babylon who would return to Israel: “I will give them a heart to know me, that I am Jehovah.” (Jer. 24:7) The Jews who returned to Israel from Babylon already knew much about Jehovah. But when they returned from Babylon, they needed to have a close relationship with Jehovah. One scholar observed: “Getting to know God is very different from getting to know him well enough to have a close relationship with him. We can compare it to the difference between reading about a romantic relationship and falling in love with someone.” It is not enough just to know that Jehovah has a voice and that he is God. We also need to know his beautiful qualities.

5 Another way to know Jehovah is to learn what he likes and dislikes. King Josiah's example illustrates this. The Bible says: “In the eighth year of his reigning, while he was still a boy, he started to search for the God of David his father.” (2 Chron. 34:3) Josiah learned much about Jehovah from the Scriptures, but he did more. He applied what he learned. Ebɛ naakpɛɛ akɛ, Yehowa hã gbalɔ Yeremia ŋma akɛ, Yosia ye “jalɛ sane ni efee jalɛ nii, ni eye mɔ ni naa nɔ kɛ ohiafo sane ehã lɛ” lɛ. Then Jehovah added: “Is this not the sign that someone knows me?”—Jer. 22:15, 16.

6 Read Psalm 9:10. The more we learn about Jehovah, the stronger our faith in him becomes. That was true of the apostle Paul. When he was in prison for the last time and was about to die, he showed why he was not ashamed to suffer as a Christian. He wrote: "I am not ashamed. For I know whom I have believed." (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul's faith in Jehovah was strong because he had learned about Jehovah and had seen how Jehovah had helped him in many ways. He was confident that Jehovah would remember him and resurrect him because he had been faithful to Him.

WHY SHOULD WE CONTINUE TO GET TO KNOW JEHOVAH BETTER THAN WE ALREADY KNOW HIM?

7 When we first learned about Jehovah, we studied hard to learn as much as we could about him. But if we have been serving Jehovah for many years, we may not try to get to know him better than we do. Why? Because when we read the Bible at home or at a congregation meeting, we often think about how we will benefit from what we read and how it will benefit us or others. It is good for us to do so, for that is what the Bible encourages us to do. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) But the Bible also reveals who Jehovah is, and that is the most important thing we should consider. (Psalm 25:8-10) Therefore, when reading the Bible, we should not think about how we or others will benefit from what we read

4. What is one way we can come to know Jehovah?

5. What does King Josiah's example teach us about what it means to know Jehovah?

6. As we come to know Jehovah better, what else will we do? (Psalm 9:10)

7. If we have been serving Jehovah for many years, what might we do?

JULY 2026 15

only for the sake of the benefits. We should also ask ourselves, 'What does this teach me about Jehovah?'*

8 As we grow in knowledge of Jehovah, our friendship with him becomes stronger. For example, how do you feel about Jehovah when you read the Bible daily, watch one of the monthly programs on JW Broadcasting, or attend an assembly or a convention? We often feel that our friendship with our heavenly Father is stronger than ever. Why? Because we learn more about him in addition to what we already know, and we are moved to praise and thank him. Asaph reflected on Jehovah's great love for him and said: “God is my stronghold and my share to time indefinite.” (Read Psalm 73:24-28.) We feel the same way. The more we learn about Jehovah, the more we realize that he is a wonderful Friend, and the more we appreciate our friendship with him.

9 The Bible tells us to meditate on Jehovah. (Proverbs 3:5, 6) What does that mean? This means that we should meditate on what we learn about him and how he feels about our actions. Doing so will help us to make good decisions. Here is an illustration: Many brothers and sisters often keep pictures of their mates on their desk in their office or in their wallets or purses. This helps them to think of their mate regularly and to remind them that they are loved. And so they make decisions that will make their husbands or wives happy and not hurt them. Similarly, if we keep Jehovah in mind, we will be more inclined to make decisions that please him.—Psalm 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah created us in his image, so we can imitate him. (Gen. 1:26) As we continue to learn about Jehovah's qualities, we will see how we can imitate him more fully. This is something that the scribes and Pharisees did not do. They knew the details of the Law. But Jesus said that they “disregarded the weightier matters of the Law, namely, justice and mercy and faithfulness.” (Matt. 23:23) We should not be like them. Instead, we should focus on what the laws and principles we learn from the Bible reveal about Jehovah. Doing so will help us to imitate Jehovah.—1 John 4:8. 4:8, 11.

HOW CAN WE KNOW JEHOVAH BETTER?

11 Who taught you about Jehovah? If your parents taught you about Jehovah, they may have shared with you Bible accounts or pointed out some of his creation that helped you to see his qualities. And if one of Jehovah's Witnesses is studying the Bible with you, he may have studied Life—Forever! the book. It has helped you to meditate on Bible accounts and on Jehovah's creation, thus helping you to see his beautiful qualities.* (Neh. 8:8; Acts 14:17) What we have come to

* See question 20, “Insight into God's Word,” in the New World Translation.

8. How do we feel when we learn about Jehovah and get to know him better? (Psalm 73:24-28)

9. If we often think about Jehovah, what will we be determined to do? Explain with an example.

* Enjoy Life Forever! book lesson 07 paragraphs 5-7.

10. As we continue to learn about Jehovah, what will we be moved to do?

11. Who taught you about Jehovah?

16 THE WATCHTOWER

Meditating on the things Jehovah has made can help us to know him better (See paragraph 15)

In this article, we will discuss how we can continue to learn about Jehovah.

12 First, we can learn more about Jehovah by studying his Word. The Bible sometimes mentions Jehovah's qualities. (Ex. 34:6, 7) However, the Bible often refers to individuals and the decisions they made. When you read such accounts, meditate on them so that you can learn something about Jehovah.

13 Take, for example, the account at Jeremiah 38:6-13. This account tells us that the Ethiopian Ebed-melech had the prophet Jeremiah rescued from a cistern. No doubt, as you read this account, you will see Ebed-melech's self-sacrificing spirit, courage, and love for Jehovah's worshippers, and you will want to imitate him. But do you see some of Jehovah's qualities in Ebed-melech's example? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) For example, what does Jeremiah 39:15-18 show that Jehovah appreciates what we do for him, that he is just, or that he is impartial? What other qualities of Jehovah does this account reveal to you? Each time you read an account in God's Word, look for Jehovah's qualities that you see in that account, thank him, and commend him for those qualities.

14 Second, meditating on the things Jehovah has made can help us to learn about him. (Psalm 145:9, 10) So we need to do more than just look at the things Jehovah has made. We need to meditate on them. People spend years studying animals, plants, and other things in nature, but they fail to see that there is a God who created these things and has beautiful qualities. The apostle Paul wrote that God’s invisible qualities “are clearly seen from the world’s creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made.” (Rom. 1:20) One Bible translation renders this verse: “The one who thinks clearly can see the qualities of God.”

12-13. What can we learn about Jehovah from reading the Bible? Explain with an example. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also opening image.)

14. Why should we take time to meditate on Jehovah's creation?

JULY 2026 17

That is why we need to take time to meditate on Jehovah's wonderful works and see what they reveal about him.

15 Most of us live in cities where there are not many plants and animals. If you live in such a country, how can you use creation to learn about Jehovah? Patrick, a brother in Brazzaville, a large city in the Republic of the Congo, says: “Every day, I try to observe something that Jehovah has made. They look for suitable properties in the community and buy a house for their young children.” But Patrick doesn’t just watch these birds; he thought deeply about the Creator. “I saw that Jehovah cares about even the smallest of his creatures,” she says.

16 Third, meditating on how Jehovah has helped us will help us to know him better. That is what Jesus' mother, Mary, did. By then, she had come to know Jehovah intimately and had “found favor in the eyes of Jehovah.” (Luke 1:30) But on one occasion, Jehovah asked her to become the mother of his Son. This is a very important step and it is not easy to do. Through the angel Gabriel, Jehovah assured Mary's relative Elizabeth that he had faith in her

15. What does Patrick do to get to know Jehovah better? And how can you do something similar? (See also picture.)

16. What helped Jesus' mother, Mary, to come to know Jehovah intimately? And how can we imitate him? (See also picture.)

We will come to know Jehovah better if we meditate on how he has helped us

(See paragraph 16)

18 THE WATCHTOWER

helped him. Later, Mary meditated on these things that Jehovah had done for her and on what she knew about him. (Luke 1:46-55) Mary was grateful for what Jehovah had done for her. Each time Jehovah helps us, he does so “at the right time,” and we are grateful. (Heb. 4:16) As Jehovah helps you, ask yourself, 'What qualities has Jehovah displayed in me in this regard?'

WE WILL CONTINUE TO LEARN ABOUT JEHOVAH

17 In the new world, we will learn even more about Jehovah. He will give us new books that will show us how he wants us to live. (Rev. 20:12) Moreover, we will be able to learn more about him by associating with his creation. (Isa. 11:6-9) We will also learn about him.

For example, we will see when he resurrects our friends and family. In addition, we will see how it can help us to be perfect.

18 There is always more to learn about Jehovah. He has existed forever, so “his understanding is unsearchable.” (Psalm 90:2; 147:5) We cannot fathom “the work of the true God from beginning to end.” (Eccl. 3:11) So no matter how long we have been in the truth, we need to keep learning about our loving Father.

17-18. Why is there always more to learn about Jehovah?

WHAT YOU SEE IN THE PICTURES Cover: Jeremiah was thrown into a cistern, but Ebed-melech courageously rescued him. Page 18: One brother who was nervous about giving an assignment recalls how Jehovah helped him to handle an assignment at the midweek meeting.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What shows that a person knows Jehovah?

■ Why should we continue to get to know him better than we do?

■ How can we get to know him better?

PSALM 28 How to Become Jehovah's Friend

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

Help the Student to Come to Know Jehovah

“This means everlasting life, their taking in knowledge of you, the only true God.” —JOH. 17:3.

PSALM 79 Teach Them, Make Them Stand Firm

WHAT WE WILL STUDY We will see how we can help our Bible students to learn about Jehovah and his qualities, what pleases him and what displeases him.

HOW would you feel if a Bible student began attending meetings, commenting, sharing in the ministry, and later got baptized? No doubt you will be very happy! In fact, Jehovah helped him to do these things, and we thank Jehovah for that.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John. 3, 4.

2 God wants “all sorts of men to be saved” and to “come to an accurate knowledge of truth.” (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) So Jehovah wants people to know him well. He also wants people to know about all the wonderful things he has done and will do in the future. (Jer. 9:24) Only by gaining accurate knowledge can they come to know Jehovah and his purposes accurately. What is pure knowledge? It goes beyond just learning about God. One Bible scholar explains that a person who has acquired pure knowledge strives to do all he can to cultivate a close relationship with God. When a Bible student comes to know Jehovah well, he changes his attitude. And if he makes these changes, he has the prospect of receiving “everlasting life.”—John 3:16. 17:3.

3 Jehovah has given us a wonderful work to do. That is, we helped people get to know them. In this article, we will answer the following questions: Why should Bible students get to know Jehovah well? How can we help them to see what pleases Jehovah and what displeases him? And how can we help them

1. How do you feel when you see a Bible student begin to worship Jehovah?

2. What does Jehovah expect of those with whom he studies the Bible? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What questions will we answer in this study?

20

apply in their lives what they learn about Jehovah?

HELP YOUR STUDENT TO GET TO KNOW JEHOVAH BETTER

4 Jesus said that the greatest commandment is to love Jehovah with our whole heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) A Bible student must come to know Jehovah in order to love him. Your Bible student should dedicate himself to Jehovah, not to you, to any religion, or to any organization. Therefore, when conducting a Bible study, your objective should be to help the student come to know and love Jehovah.

5 As your Bible student comes to know and love Jehovah, he will be moved to obey him. Something Jesus said shows that. He said: “In order for the world to know that I love the Father, I am doing just as the Father has commanded me to do.” (John 14:31) Therefore, like Jesus, if your student truly loves Jehovah, he will be moved to obey him faithfully.—1 John 4:8. 5:3.

6 When a Bible student comes to know Jehovah well, he is more likely to make good decisions. For example: To get to know a cyclist, it is not enough for someone who knows how to look at him or to buy a video to see him. Instead, he has to ride the bike himself and do it over and over again until he gets used to it. As he learns to ride, he learns how to ride in different terrain, such as when walking on rocky terrain or on hills and valleys. Similarly, to come to know Jehovah well, a Bible student needs to do more than learn what he learns. He needs to base his decisions on what he learns from the Bible. As he continues to do so and sees his life improve, he will come to know Jehovah better. And as he gets to know Jehovah better and sees how he helps him, he will learn how to make good decisions based on whatever situation he faces.

7 A Bible account illustrates this. On one occasion, the wife of Joseph's master, Potiphar, tried to seduce him, but Joseph refused. What helped Joseph to do so? He knows Jehovah well. No doubt, as a young man, he was told that when Jehovah created Adam, He gave him a wife, Eve. And he was evidently told what happened when a man tried to take Abraham's wife, Sarah. (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) This helped him to see Jehovah's view of marriage and sexual relations. Joseph knew Jehovah so well that when Potiphar's wife repeatedly tried to seduce him, he refused. On one occasion, he even said to her: “How could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?” (Gen. 39:7-9) Joseph knew what Jehovah liked and disliked. He knew that his actions would displease Jehovah, and that helped him to make the right decision. Therefore, if we help our students to come to know Jehovah intimately and to discern what pleases him and what displeases him, they will be more likely to make decisions that please him.

HELP HIM TO SEEN WHAT IS PLEASE TO JEHOVAH AND WHAT IS NOT

8 How can you help your student to learn what pleases Jehovah and what

4. When conducting a Bible study, what should be your objective? (Mark 12:30)

5. If your Bible student truly loves Jehovah, what will he want to do?

6. In addition to learning about Jehovah, what else will help a person to know him well? How will that help him make a good decision?

7. When Potiphar's wife tried to seduce Joseph, how did Joseph's intimate knowledge of Jehovah help him to make the right decision?

8. How can you Live Forever with Your Head! book to help your student come to know Jehovah?

JULY 2026 21

Challenging Teaching Questions

The questions in You Can Live Forever! book is designed to help the student gradually come to know Jehovah better. Here are some of these questions:

“How does Jehovah view those who preach the good news?” (lesson 21)

“What have you learned about Jehovah and Jesus that convince you that they will do what is right [at Armageddon]?” (lesson 33)

“How does Jehovah feel when you obey him? Why does he feel that way?” (lesson 34)

“How does Jehovah feel when we try to be truthful, even when it is difficult to do so?” (lesson 36)

“How do you think Jehovah would feel if we married someone who does not love Jehovah?” (article 42)

“How does Jehovah's dealings with wrongdoers show that he is reasonable, merciful, and loving?” (article 57)

and not please him? You need to ask questions that will help him to think about Jehovah. Why do we say that? On one occasion, Jehovah asked Job more than 50 questions, which helped Job to know Jehovah better. (Job 38:1–41:34) The questions in You Can Live Forever! The book is designed to help the student gradually learn what pleases Jehovah and what displeases him. (See the box “Questions That Help Us to Teach.”) Therefore, you can ask these questions to help your student come to know Jehovah.

9 When we start a Bible study, we encourage the student to read the Bible daily.* How can we help the student to see how he can come to know Jehovah better as he reads the Bible? We might suggest that each time he reads something in the Bible, he should think about why Jehovah had it included and what it reveals about Jehovah's qualities. James did something similar. When discussing the case of Job, he did more than focus on Job's endurance. Rather, he said that Job's experience teaches us that Jehovah is very merciful and compassionate.—Read James 5:11.

10 Our goal is that each time the student reads a Bible account, that account will help him to see what pleases Jehovah and what displeases him. For example, your student tells you that he has seen the box “Start Reading the Bible” in the book You Can Live Forever! book, and would like to try-

* If You Die, You Will Live Forever! book 05, the student is told: “Look at the section entitled 'Start Reading the Bible' in this book so that you can read the Bible daily.”

9-10. (a) What will help our students to see how they can come to know Jehovah better as they read the Bible? (James 5:11) (b) If your student chooses to read Daniel's account, what questions might he ask himself to determine what pleases Jehovah and what displeases him?

Help your student to remember how he came to know Jehovah when he reads something in the Bible that he finds difficult to understand.—See paragraphs 12-1

see the story of Daniel in the lions pit. If he says so, you might encourage him to reason on the matter by asking the following questions: 'Why did Jehovah save Daniel? What does this account teach me about what pleases Jehovah?’ (Dan. 6:10, 22) He might also ask himself: ‘What happened to Daniel’s accusers? What does this account teach me about what displeases Jehovah?’ (Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) You might also encourage him to consider what else he can learn about Jehovah from this account.—Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 When we see that a Bible student is benefiting from what he is learning, we are very happy. But we need to help him to see that what he is learning comes from Jehovah, the Grand Instructor. (Isa. 30:20, 21) He may thank you for what he is learning and may commend you for your teaching ability. If he does, he is not wrong. But you should always remind him that Jehovah is the one who should thank him for what he is learning because he is the one who taught him all of that.

HELP HIM TO APPLY WHAT HE LEARNED

12 The student must benefit from what he learns about Jehovah. How, then, can you help him to apply what he learns? One way is by helping him to remember how he knows Jehovah when he reads something in the Bible that he finds difficult to understand. For example, when he reads about some of Jehovah's actions in the past, he may be surprised that Jehovah destroyed some people but preserved others alive. If so, how can you help him to draw the right conclusion?

13 You can encourage your student to meditate on what he already knows about Jehovah

11. How can we help our student to see that he is being taught by Jehovah?

12-13. How can knowing Jehovah well help your student if he reads something in the Bible that he finds difficult to understand? (See also picture.)

JULY 2026

23

on. For example, he might ask himself, 'How does Jehovah view our life? (2 Pet. 3:9) Although we are imperfect, what did Jehovah give in order to save us? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Does Jehovah punish the innocent? But what if someone does something that deserves punishment? Does he ignore it?’ (Ex. 34:6, 7) Sometimes the Bible does not give us enough details to help us understand Jehovah's view of the matter. But we do not need to know the details because we know our God, and we know that he always does what is right.

14 Consider another way you can help your student to apply what he is learning about Jehovah. Suppose he attends congregation meetings but is upset by a brother in the congregation. Perhaps the brother has done something wrong

14. If a brother in the congregation is upset with a Bible student, how can you help him?

Help your student to learn how to make decisions that please Jehovah (See paragraphs 15-16)

he was very upset. You need to encourage him to think about how Jehovah views his brothers. For example, he might ask himself, 'What sacrifices did Jehovah make to show his love for us? (John 3:16) How does Jehovah feel about the unity of his servants? (Ps. 133:1) How does he feel when we work hard to preserve this unity?’ (2 Cor. 13:11) Help him to see that Jehovah is pleased when we focus on the good in others rather than on their faults.

15 Consider another way you can help your student to apply what he is learning about Jehovah. Imagine that you are about to make an important decision. How can you help him? You might direct attention to Live Forever! lesson 35, “How to Make Good Decisions.” But what if he prays and does research but still cannot make a decision? Perhaps he has seen so many Bible principles that he does not see which ones apply to the matter. You might ask him to think about how Jesus reacted. What guided Jesus when he made a decision? He said: “I always do the things pleasing to [my Father].” (Read John 8:29.) Encourage him to ask himself, 'In view of what I have learned about Jehovah and what I have learned, what decision will please him?' Reassure him that any decision that pleases Jehovah is a good one.

16 On one occasion, a woman in Chile with whom she was studying the Bible had to make an important decision. His family pressured him to take a well-paying job. But there is a problem with the project. When he holds it, he will-

15-16. (a) If a student has to make an important decision, how can he imitate Jesus? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help her student to make a good decision? (See also picture.)

24 THE WATCHTOWER

cancel congregation meetings. Marianne, who studied with the woman, says: “I encouraged her to think about how Jehovah would feel about her decision; would it make her happy or sad? I also encouraged her to pray to Jehovah about the matter and see how he would answer it.” What decision did he make? Marianne continues: “He explained the work, and soon he found a job that would allow him to miss congregation meetings.” Notice that Marianne did not tell the woman what to do, but she helped her to reason on what she already knew about Jehovah. This strengthened the woman's relationship with Jehovah. Marianne says of her Bible student: “She learned that Jehovah cares about those who do not give up their faith.”

JEHOVAH WILL BLESS THOSE WHO KNOW HIM WELL

17 When we study the Bible with people, they learn many important things. For example, they learn what happens at death, why Jesus died for us, and what God's Kingdom will do.

17. What is the most important thing that Bible students need to know?

They also learn about the congregation, such as how our meetings are conducted, the work of the elders, and the work of the Governing Body. But this is not the only information they need to know. It is vital that they get to know Jehovah well.

18 It is a great privilege to help people come to know Jehovah. Today, people find great happiness in life when they come to know and serve Jehovah. (Psalm 25:12-15) And in the future, all who take in knowledge of Jehovah, “the very knowledge of the loyal one,” will be happy and will live forever. (1 John 5:20) But these are not the only blessings they will receive. The Bible assures us that all who strive to know and love Jehovah are “known by him.” (1 Cor. 8:3) Yes, Almighty God cares for us and views us as his friends. What a blessing that is for those who come to know the only true God!

18. What blessings come to those who know Jehovah?

WHAT WE SEE IN THE PICTURE Page 24: This picture helps us to picture Marianne's student refusing the job.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

Why should your student get to know Jehovah well?

How can you help your student to see what pleases Jehovah and what displeases him?

How can you help your student to apply what he learns about Jehovah?

PSALM 84 We Offer Ourselves

BIOGRAPHY

I Allowed Jehovah to Train Me

NARRATED BY KEN KIUCHI

I WILL NEVER forget the first day I started working in the printery at Brooklyn Bethel in New York, U.S.A. When I walked into the printing area, I was amazed at how the printing machine worked and how it sounded. The papers filled the air with dust, and the place was covered in grease.

I saw a lot of things there, but what really caught my attention were the people who worked. I saw young brothers and sisters doing jobs that were not easy to do. Although their work was not seen, they were nonetheless grateful and happy for the work they were doing. Their example taught me how to serve Jehovah humbly.

Over the years, Jehovah has continued to train me to serve him more fully. But before I continue, let me tell you how I wanted to find the truth while I was in Buddhism.

I SEARCHED FOR JEHOVAH WHEN I WAS A YOUNG MAN

I was born in Chicago, Illinois, USA I have three brothers, and I am the eldest. My parents used to live in Japan, but they thought that the United States would give them a better life, so they moved there. They also want their children to go to good schools and succeed in life.

My parents didn’t play with Buddhism at all. For example, the house where my mom grew up, there was a Buddhist temple. Two of his brothers and his father served as Buddhist monks. So, when I was growing up, I didn't play with Buddhism at all. When I come home from school, the first thing I do is burn incense to our Buddha statue and offer it rice and water. On Sundays, we go to a Buddhist temple and worship the statue. This statue is larger than ours and is covered all over with gold.

I remember standing in front of the Buddha statue in our living room when I was about seven years old and asking myself, 'Where will I go when I die?' I learned that at death I would become a spirit and live in a spirit world. This made me realize that my life as a human would come to an end and that even if I became a spirit, I would no longer be able to do any of the things that humans do. This made me feel very sad and helpless about my situation.

When I was about 15, I felt that my Buddhist rituals were pointless. I realized I was missing something. (Matt. 5:3) I believed in a powerful God, and I wanted to know him. I told myself, the Bible will-

26 THE WATCHTOWER

please answer my questions about God, life, and death. So I bought an old King James Version Bible. Do you know where I bought it? I bought it at a Buddhist ceremony; I never expected a Bible to be sold in such a place.

When I was 17, I remember one day I was walking my dog ​​on the side of the road when a man approached me. This guy's name is Wilson Bashou. He asked me, “Do you know what God has promised to do in the future?” This question led us to consider some scriptures. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 and asked me, “What do the ‘many waters’ on which the great harlot sits represent?” But I couldn’t show him. Then he read verse 15 to me. It is said that the waters represent people. I was impressed by the fact that when Jehovah's Witnesses read a scripture that is difficult to understand, they explain it with other scriptures. After the conversation, Wilson gave me a book, The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life. That little blue book changed my life forever.

Ten days later, I attended my first congregation meeting at the Kingdom Hall. I will never forget the warm welcome I received from the brothers. Since that day I have never looked back. Later, Wilson began to study the Bible with me. I enjoyed studying the Bible so much that we sometimes studied for eight hours. This upset my parents, and they tried to stop me from studying. But the more I studied, the more I became convinced that this was the truth. So in 1983, I got baptized.

I DROPPED FROM UNIVERSITY TO PURSUE THE MINISTRY JOB

When I was baptized, I was attending a prestigious university to become a doctor. My parents made many sacrifices for me to attend this school. I could have gone to the end, but I wanted to serve Jehovah with all my strength and time.

My father once told me, “If you quit university, I will throw you out of the house!” This made me worried and confused. I love my parents very much, and I don't want to do anything to break their heart. So often in the morning, I would go out into the schoolyard and pray to Jehovah, “Jehovah, please help me to know what to do.” When I decided not to go to university, my father threw me out of the house. I called Brother Bashou and told him what had happened. He told me I could move in with him. I packed all my stuff into one suitcase and drove to his place. I felt like a huge weight had been lifted off me. I think I made the right decision.

I felt like a bird out of a cage! Now I can serve Jehovah full-time without distraction. So in 1984, I began pioneering.

As I served as a pioneer, Jehovah helped me to develop many good qualities. For example, it has helped me not to be easily discouraged when things go wrong. On one occasion, I had no one to go out in the ministry with, so I decided to find a place to sit, but I kept going. After preaching for almost two hours, I thought to myself, I'll go to one of the corners and then

Me and Wilson Bashou, the one who taught me the truth

JULY 2026 27

I am showing some who have visited Brooklyn Bethel what is done in the printery

Me and Michiko Oda and her husband

after that, I stopped. I was tired, groggy, and looked like it was going to rain. I asked myself, 'Did I give up?' As I climbed the stairs to the roof, I met a young man from the Philippines. I thought to myself, 'I didn't expect him to like it.' But of course, that wasn't the case! I started studying the Bible with her, and she eventually came into the truth.

I LEARNED SOME VALUABLE THINGS AT BROOKLYN BETHEL

After two years with Wilson, I was invited to serve at Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As mentioned earlier, I was assigned to the printery. Once, while working on a machine, I did something I shouldn't have done. This caused thousands of postcards to be damaged and had to be discarded. Nyɛmimɛi lɛ kɛɛ miyakɛɛ wɔnɔkwɛlɔ lɛ nɔ ni eba lɛ. I went to explain to him what had happened, but I had no choice. So our supervisor kindly reminded me, “It’s always good to apologize.” So, right away, I learned that when I make a mistake, I need to admit it and apologize.

Also, the example of the older brothers and sisters at Bethel taught me how to serve others effectively. One day, Brother Milton Henschel, a member of the Governing Body, sat at our table for lunch. That day, more people came to the meal than the brothers had expected, and the food distribution service had room. We, the young men sitting at the table, began to complain about the delay in the meal. When we met, Brother Henschel had taken his leave and had joined the food distribution team. I will never forget his humility and service. This reminded me of how Jesus ministered to his apostles.—John 13:16. 13:3-5.

“YOU HAVE TO LEARN JAPANESE!”

In 1987, I traveled to Japan. I was impressed by the courage and humility of the brothers. I wanted to help them preach, but the problem was, I didn't understand Japanese. Michiko Oda, a sister at Bethel, took care of me

28 THE WATCHTOWER

and he said, “You have to learn Japanese!” And that's exactly what I did. But you know what, I'm not going around thinking that his advice will help me in the future.

A few months later, I moved to a Japanese-speaking congregation in New York. Learning Japanese has enabled me to serve Jehovah in many ways. In 1989, I attended a Japanese-language convention in Los Angeles, California. It was my first Japanese-language convention. I was impressed by a pioneer sister named Miwako Onami, who was one of the producers of the drama.

I married Miwako in 1992, and she was assigned to serve with me at Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako is very caring, warm and always takes the opportunity to help people. I learned how to treat people well from him. I view it as a gift from Jehovah, and it always makes me happy.

THE JAPAN BRANCH AND THE SPECIAL ASSIGNMENT

In time, Miwako's parents, who were living in Japan, became seriously ill. So we were assigned to the Japan branch so that we could be closer to them and care for them. We are very grateful for the love shown to us. We moved there in 1999.

The Bethel family in Japan welcomed us, and we gradually became accustomed to life there. The brothers in Japan have many fine qualities. For example, they are very generous and hospitable, and I have learned from them. They work hard, and they don't let anything distract them. They also know how to work together. Do you know why I say that? The Japanese believe that it is better to work together than to work alone. Their fine example taught me that it is good to be humble and cooperative and to appreciate what little I can do to help accomplish Jehovah's purpose.

However, because of my different background, I sometimes did not understand the way they handled certain matters. I had to be patient and not give in to any of their actions

The day we got married

made me happy. In time, I changed my view of some of their actions and came to realize that if we work together to follow the direction Jehovah provides through his organization, we will make every decision successful. The fact is, Jehovah is the one who makes all our work successful.

I often compare the training I received at Bethel to that of Moses. Moses worked as a shepherd for 40 years, and Jehovah helped him to be humble. He and I both studied further. Because of my advanced education, I became proud and confident. But Bethel taught me that I needed to be humble and rely on Jehovah. Jehovah patiently trained Moses, and he has done the same for me over the years.

We spent nearly 24 years caring for Miwako's parents until they died. When we see them, we usually call them with the doctors who care for them. Sometimes their circumstances change, and that makes us anxious.

JULY 2026 29

Also, we go to the hospital briefly. Masako, Miwako's mother, became so sick that she could barely walk. This made it very difficult for her to attend congregation meetings and to go out in the ministry. A few weeks before he died, he began to use a wheelchair. Through all of this, his love for Jehovah never wavered. Whenever he spoke the truth, it was with a certain enthusiasm. No matter what happens to Masako, she never gives up and loses her joy, which is very encouraging to me.

In 2024, our lives change dramatically. After serving at Bethel for over 30 years, we were invited to serve as special pioneers. Today, we serve as special pioneers on the island of Okinawa, witnessing to families in a nearby military camp. The training we received at Bethel helped us to adjust well to our new circumstances. We planned our time well. And to make the most of our time, we give more attention to the preaching work and do it more fully. Jehovah has blessed us with Bible students who have become like family to us. We know that it is very important to love people. But now, the situation we are describing makes this truth even clearer. Miwako and I always thank Jehovah for this wonderful privilege of service.

I AM DETERMINED TO CONTINUE TO BE TRAINED BY JEHOVAH

My family no longer opposed me, but they did not become worshipers of Jehovah either. But Jesus promised that those who left their relatives to become his disciples would gain 100 million fellow disciples who would become like family to them. (Mark 10:29, 30) This has proved true in my case. I cannot count all the families in places around the world who have shown me love and treated me like family.

I still have the Truth book that Wilson gave me in my books. That blue book reminds me of how Jehovah has treated me and helped me to come to know him. (1 Chron. 28:9) I was determined to allow Jehovah to continue to train me. I was also determined to help people learn the truth that leads to everlasting life.

I am serving at the Japan branch

Miwako and I were preaching in Okinawa

30 THE WATCHTOWER

Get Ready Quickly!

HAVE you ever been hurt by a brother who hurt you so much that you are now at odds with him? So, you need to take immediate action to repair the relationship, and you need to do so with the right motive.*

A broken relationship can be compared to a broken husband. If a broken bone is taken to the hospital promptly and treated, it will gradually reduce the pain. But if it is not taken early, it will continue to affect the person. And worst of all, it can lead to addiction.

Just as a broken husband needs to be healed quickly, a problem between friends needs to be resolved quickly. Otherwise, the problem will get worse, and the friends will become so angry that they will break up. Jesus said: “Be about settling matters quickly with the one complaining against you.” (Matt. 5:25) So calmly talk to your friend, and tell him how you feel. But you may not find it easy to do so. Why? Here are two reasons why you might not find it easy to do so.

At first, you may not do anything about the problem, for it is embarrassing to talk about it.# That was true of two Christian women named Euodia and Syntyche. They lived in the time of Jesus' apostles. It seems that the conflict between them was prolonged because the apostle Paul, who was still in Rome

* If a brother or a sister has done something that hurts your feelings but is not serious, you should talk to him about it and forgive him. (Matt. 5:23, 24) However, if the wrongdoing is serious, you can ask the elders for help. (Matt. 18:17) However, unless you apply the counsel found at Matthew 18:15, 16, you will not be able to make peace with the elders.

# If a brother or a sister has hurt you but you have not damaged your relationship, you should simply let it go.—Proverbs 26:20.

even felt it. So he encouraged them to make amends. (Phil. 4:2) What will help them to make peace? If they are humble, talk about the matter calmly, and forgive each other, they will be able to rebuild their friendship.

Second, you may feel that your friend has done something wrong and that he or she should come to you and apologize. But when problems arise between friends, what matters is, not who is right and who is wrong, but the survival of the friendship. When a person breaks a bone and is taken to the hospital, the doctor does not want to know all the details of what happened to the bone, but he does everything he can to heal the bone. So if you have a problem with a friend and you are talking about it, do not focus on the one who caused the problem. Instead, focus on not gambling on your friendship and how you can be friends again.

So if you have a problem with a friend, do you think it would be best to go to him right away and make peace? The Bible says: “Let the sun not set with you in a provoked state.” (Eph. 4:26) Doing so will show that you are striving to preserve “the uniting bond of peace.”—Eph. 4:1-3.

JULY 2026 31

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM July 2026 | Vol. 147, no. 7 GA

INFORMATION IN THIS MAGAZINE

Study for September 7-13 | 2

What We Can Learn From the Account of the Gibeonites

Study for September 14-20 | 8

The Scriptures in the Book of Isaiah Can Comfort You

Study for September 21-27 | 14

Continue to Learn About Jehovah to Know Him Better

Study for September 28–October 4 | 20

Help the Student to Come to Know Jehovah

BIOGRAPHY | 26

I Allowed Jehovah to Train Me

Get Ready Quickly! | 31

LEARNING POSSIBILITY

What Will Help You to Give Effective Answers?

Each time we attend a congregation meeting, we have the opportunity to encourage our brothers by commenting. (Heb. 10:24, 25) What will help us to give upbuilding comments?

• Pray to Jehovah. Ask him to help you give an answer that will honor him and encourage your brothers.—Psalm 35:18.

• Try not to read the answer directly from the book. If you comment from the point of view of the material, your brothers will sense your faith in Jehovah and will benefit.

• Keep your answer brief. A simple, concise answer is often very helpful. Also, if we do not say everything that is being discussed, others will have the opportunity to do so.—Proverbs 10:19.

• Make your comments constructive. When commenting, endeavor not to be critical or critical of your brothers.

Even if you are not invited, you can still encourage your brothers. You can listen carefully as they speak, and then let them know what you appreciate about their comments.—Proverbs 10:21.

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit jw.org, or scan this code

JW.ORG ®

w26.07-GA