SEPTEMBER 2026

THE SUN PROMISES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

INFORMATION FROM: NOVEMBER 2–DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOVEMBER 2-8, 2026

PSALM 3 Jehovah—Our Strength, Our Hope; We Trust in You

WHAT WE WILL LEARN We can be confident that Jehovah will protect us now and in the future.

You Can Be Sure of Jehovah's Protection

“You have said: ‘Jehovah is my refuge.’” —PSALM 91:9.

WE LIVE in the last days of the last days. Soon, events will take place that will change the world forever. Jehovah will put “his thought” into the hearts of the nations to “give their kingdom to the wild beast,” the United Nations.* (Rev. 17:17) Thereafter, the United Nations and all the governments that support it will unite to destroy all false religion. (Rev. 17:16) This event will signal the start of the great tribulation. What will happen next?

2 The governments of the world will attack Jehovah's people. (Ezek. 38:14-16) Why would they do so? It is explained in the book Jehovah's Pure Worship Restored Now! “Satan will incite the nations to do everything in their power to wipe out true worshipers and pure worship from the earth.” Then the most important action will take place; The war of Armageddon will begin. Jesus and the 144,000 will join the angels in protecting God's people and destroying the wicked. This will bring an end to Satan's wicked system of things and usher in a new world.—Rev. 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

* See “Questions From Readers” in the November 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

1-2. What events will soon change the world forever?

2

3 We have seen that Jesus and his armies will soon destroy Satan's world at Armageddon. But should we fear this outcome? Not at all! Why? Because Jehovah has promised to protect us. This promise is recorded at Psalm 91:7. It says: “A thousand will fall at your side and ten thousand at your right hand, but it will not come near to you.” Let us now consider Psalm 91 and answer the following questions: How does Jehovah promise to protect us? How does it protect us today? How will it protect us in the future? First, though, let us consider Psalm 91.

PSALM 91 ASSURES US THAT JEHOVAH WILL PROTECT US

4 The words of Psalm 91 show that Jehovah protects those who trust in him. Verses one and two make this clear. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Jehovah is the Most High. So we can be absolutely sure that if we trust in him, he will protect us. (Ruth 2:12; Psalm 17:8) The words “refuge” and “hiding place” call to mind ancient walled cities. The surrounding walls protected the inhabitants of the city. Also, those living near walled cities could flee to these cities for refuge. The composer of Psalm 91 used other word pictures to help us be confident that Jehovah can protect us when we are in dangerous situations.—Psalm 91:3-13.

5 How comforting it is to read Psalm 91:14-16! Why do we say that? In these verses, it is no longer the psalmist who tells us how Jehovah can protect us, but Jehovah himself who commends us, his servants. (Read Psalm 91:14-16.) In these verses, he repeatedly promises to protect his servants because they trust in him, know his name, and obey him in prayer. We can trust in Jehovah with all our heart because he never lies. So, no matter what happens, he will keep his promises!—Num. 23:19; Josh. 23:14.

6 Jehovah inspired the psalmist to write this song because he wants us to feel secure and to trust in him. (Rom. 15:4) Hence, we too can confidently say to Jehovah: “You are my refuge and my stronghold.” (Psalm 91:2) But how does Jehovah promise to protect us?

HOW DOES JEHOVAH PROMISE TO PROTECT US?

7 In our publications, we have discussed how Jehovah promises in Psalm 91 that he will safeguard our friendship with him. We can be confident that Jehovah will always help us to obey him and to maintain a close relationship with him. But this psalm also shows that Jehovah promises to protect us in other ways. In Psalm 91, Jehovah also promises that he will never allow his servants to be destroyed by their enemies. Moreover, he promises to keep his servants calm even when they are suffering. Why do we say that?

8 One reason we say that is the answer

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. What does Psalm 91 reveal about Jehovah? (Psalm 91:1, 2)

5-6. (a) What promise does Jehovah make at Psalm 91:14-16? (b) Why can we be confident that he will keep this promise?

7. In Psalm 91, how does Jehovah promise to protect his servants?

8-9. In one of Satan's temptations, how did Jesus respond? And what does that tell us? (Matthew 4:5-7)

SEPTEMBER 2026

3

and Jesus gave it to Satan when he tempted him to quote the words of Psalm 91. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.) In this temptation, Satan offered Jesus to throw himself off the battlement of the temple so that angels could protect him from harm, just as God had promised at Psalm 91:11, 12. Notice that when Jesus answered him, he did not say: ‘You are wrong, Satan! In this Psalm, God does not promise to protect me from harm.’ Instead, Jesus told him: “You must not put Jehovah your God to the test.” What do Jesus' words teach us?

⁹ Jesus knew that in the past, when Jehovah's enemies tried to harm his servants, Jehovah used angels to protect his servants. (2 Ki. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) But Jesus knew that if he acted presumptuously, he should not expect Jehovah to protect him. So while Satan was not wrong to quote Psalm 91 to show that Jehovah would protect His worshippers from harm, he was wrong to accuse Jesus of acting unwisely and expecting Jehovah to protect him.* Jesus' answer to Satan helps us to understand Psalm 91. Jehovah promises to protect his servants in every way. This means that he will protect their friendship with him. It will also protect their lives and keep them calm even when they are suffering.

¹⁰ Jehovah's promise recorded in Psalm 91 gives us confidence in him. Jehovah is like a refuge, and we can be confident that he will protect those who trust in him. Therefore, it is not appropriate

* In the past, we have discussed in our publications that Jehovah promises in Psalm 91 that he will preserve our relationship with him, not that he will protect us from harm, so Satan's use of that psalm was wrong.

10. Of what can we be absolutely sure?

that we are afraid of what will happen when Satan's world is destroyed. Instead, we will discuss how Jehovah protects us now and how he will protect us in the future.

HOW DOES JEHOVAH PROTECT US TODAY?

11 Today, Jehovah safeguards our relationship with him. He knows that we are imperfect and that it is not easy for us to love what he loves and hate what he hates. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) Hence, he has given us tools to help us obey him and remain in his friendship. Let us consider some of these.

12 Jehovah has given us the Bible. In the Bible, Jehovah tells us what is bad and how to avoid it. For example, note what Jesus said, as recorded at Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.) Jesus was speaking of a man who “keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her.” Jesus said that if a person does that, he or she is “committed adultery” in her heart. What does this tell us?

13 If we continue to view pornography, we may be tempted to engage in sexual immorality. If these feelings are strong, we are more likely to be tempted to engage in immoral conduct in the future. (Jas. 1:14, 15) If we are to develop such negative feelings, we must act decisively on Jesus' counsel. We need to see images that can arouse sexual feelings in us, such as

11. What does Jehovah do to protect our friendship with him?

12-13. How can we avoid bad things? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4 THE WATCHTOWER

Jehovah's organization produces publications and videos that help us to safeguard our relationship with Jehovah.—See paragraph 15.

cancer. One Bible scholar says that Jesus' words recorded at Matthew 5:29 mean that we must, in a sense, perform surgery to remove them from our lives. (Col. 3:5) If we apply Jesus' counsel, we will safeguard our relationship with Jehovah.

14 Jehovah has given us his holy spirit. Jehovah also uses his holy spirit to help us remain faithful to him. If we keep on praying for his holy spirit, he will give it to us. (Luke 11:9-13) How does holy spirit protect us? The apostle Paul wrote: “Keep walking by spirit and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all.” (Gal. 5:16) A person who is walking by spirit does all he can to obey God and live by his guidance. Jehovah helps this person by means of his holy spirit. Its spirit can move a person to think clearly and to act in a positive way. If that happens, holy spirit will quickly help the person to rid himself of wrong desires. So Jehovah does not give us his spirit to help us desire bad things. Rather, it gives us the desire to do what is right, the strength to do what is right, and the strength to avoid what is bad. This helps us to safeguard our friendship with him.

14. How does holy spirit protect us?

SEPTEMBER 2026

5

15 Jehovah has given us his organization. Jehovah's organization produces publications and videos that help us to safeguard our relationship with Jehovah. For example, because we are imperfect, we may at times become discouraged because of our mistakes, feel that no one cares about us, or be overwhelmed by anxiety. If we feel that way, Satan, “the Tempter,” may make us feel that we cannot serve Jehovah anymore, causing us to become very sad or depressed. (Matt. 4:3; 6:13) But Jehovah's organization has provided publications and videos that remind us that Jehovah forgives, never abandons us, and promises to care for our needs. (Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Have you ever read an article in a congregation publication that dealt with a specific problem that you are facing? This means that Jehovah's organization provides timely publications and videos to help us safeguard our relationship with Jehovah.

16 Jehovah will not allow his servants to be wiped out by their enemies. True, some of Jehovah's servants have been persecuted and even killed. Sometimes Jehovah allows this to happen in order to prove Satan a liar. (Rev. 2:10; 6:9) However, Satan is not pleased that out of the millions of Jehovah's servants earth wide, only a relatively small number have been able to be destroyed by their enemies. So Satan is very angry because he wants Jehovah's servants to be killed by their enemies. (Matt. 24:9; Rev. 12:9-12) But Jehovah will never allow that to happen! We can be confident that Jehovah will use his angels to protect us so that we can continue to serve him and preach the good news.—Heb. 1:7, 14.

17 Jehovah gives us counsel through the pages of the Bible. If we heed this counsel, it protects us from many things that can harm us. (Prov. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) Today, however, we do not expect Jehovah to shield all his servants from harm. If he did, he would give people the opportunity to believe Satan's lie that God's servants serve Him only because He does not allow anything to harm them. (Job 1:10, 11) But when we are persecuted and continue to serve Jehovah, we prove Satan a liar and that we serve Jehovah out of love and knowledge that he is the true God. (Rom. 9:22) Soon, Jehovah will no longer allow his servants to suffer. But until Jehovah destroys all his enemies, he will help us to obey him and to safeguard our friendship with him.—1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

HOW WILL JEHOVAH PROTECT US IN THE FUTURE?

18 During the great tribulation, Jehovah will continue to help us to safeguard our relationship with him. But it will also protect us in another way. When the nations attack Jehovah's people, he will not allow them to be wiped out. (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) He will send Jesus and his armies to protect his people on earth. And that will lead to the war of Armageddon. Jesus and his armies will fight against all of God's enemies. (Rev. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) During the war of Armageddon, how will Jehovah protect his people?

15. How does Jehovah's organization help us to safeguard our relationship with him? (See also photos.)

16. What has Jehovah allowed to happen to some of his servants? And what can we believe?

17. Why should we not expect Jehovah to protect his servants from any harm today?

18. How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

6 THE WATCHTOWER

Jesus and his armies will destroy all of God's enemies at the war of Armageddon. God's enemies will not kill any of his servants in this war

19 We need not fear when Jesus and his armies destroy God's enemies at the war of Armageddon. Why? Because we trust in Jehovah and know that he will protect us. So we can be absolutely sure that Jesus and his armies will destroy all humans who are God's enemies at the war of Armageddon. (Jer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) And we can be absolutely sure that God's enemies will not kill any of his servants in this war.—Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

19-20. Why should we not be afraid when Jesus and his armies destroy God's enemies at the war of Armageddon? (See also cover photo.)

20 During the war of Armageddon, the psalmist's words may come true: “A thousand will fall at your side and ten thousand at your right hand, but you will not come near. The Most High has become your dwelling place.” (Psalm 91:7-9) Once the war of Armageddon begins, we can expect Jehovah to protect each one of us from anything that could harm us. Therefore, we need not fear the future. We can be absolutely sure that if we continue to trust in Jehovah, he will protect us.

WHAT YOU SEE IN THE PICTURE Cover: During the war of Armageddon, Jehovah will protect us from harm and will keep us calm.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ In Psalm 91, how does Jehovah promise to protect us?

■ How does Jehovah protect us today?

■ How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

PSALM 8 Jehovah Is Our Refuge

NOVEMBER 9-15, 2026

What You Can Do to Obey Jehovah Always

PSALM 36 We Guard Our Hearts

WHAT WE WILL LEARN We will learn how to obey Jehovah from the heart.

“Give your servant an obedient heart.”—1 KINGS. 3:9.

MANY people obey laws and regulations because they know that they are being watched or because they fear that they will be punished if they do not. Others obey commands and laws to please others. For example, the religious leaders of Jesus' day claimed to obey God's laws, but in reality they were completely wrong. All they care about is being seen as doing the right thing. (Matt. 23:5) But why do we obey Jehovah? We listen to him because we know that if we do what he tells us, we will benefit ourselves. (Isa. 48:17, 18) This is not the only reason why we obey Jehovah. Consider another important reason why we obey Jehovah.

2 We love Jehovah with our whole heart, and this is an important reason why we obey him. (Matt. 22:37, 38) This love moves us to do what is pleasing to him at all times. (Rom. 6:17) Hence, whether others are watching us or not, whether we see the benefits or not, we obey Jehovah. Because we are imperfect, we may at times feel that it is a little difficult to do what Jehovah asks of us. In this article, we will consider two Bible accounts that can help us to obey Jehovah at all times. First, we will consider how the Israelites reacted when Jehovah delivered them from Egypt. Then we will discuss what we can learn from the good example of King Jehoshaphat.

1. Why do many people obey the laws and regulations? 2. What is the most important reason why we obey Jehovah?

8

The Israelites obeyed Jehovah, even though doing so might have angered the Egyptians (See verse 3)

HOW THE ISRAELITES RESPONDED TO JEHOVAH'S INSTRUCTIONS

3 In the middle of the night before Jehovah delivered the Israelites from Egypt, he brought the tenth plague on the Egyptians. Because Jehovah wanted to protect the Israelites, he told them to do something very important before he brought this plague on the Egyptians. He told them to take a lamb or a goat and kill it and splash some of its blood on their doorposts. (Ex. 12:5, 7) If the angel whom Jehovah sent to execute the firstborn of humans and animals saw a house with blood on the doorposts, he did not kill the firstborn in that house. But the Israelites may have been a little afraid to do what Jehovah told them to do. The fact is, the Egyptians had a special honor for sheep. So the Israelites might have thought that if the Egyptians saw them slaughtering these animals, they would become angry and even kill them. (Ex. 8:25-27) But the Israelites saw the importance of obeying Jehovah and “proceeded to do according to all that Jehovah had commanded.” (Ex. 12:28) Jehovah blessed them too; he did not allow the angel to kill their firstborn.

3. Why might the Israelites have been a little afraid to do what Jehovah told them to do? (See also photo.)

4 That night the Israelites left Egypt. At first, Jehovah told them to travel north of the Red Sea. But then he tells them to do something that seems unwise. He told them to go back and camp somewhere between the mountains and the Red Sea. Pharaoh and his army were coming after them, and the Red Sea was standing in front of them. The Israelites may have felt that if they camped where Jehovah had directed them, they would be safe from the Egyptians. Still, the Israelites listened to what Jehovah told them through Moses. (Ex. 14:1-4) But when they saw the Egyptians approaching, they “became afraid.” They were very angry with Moses and told him that he had brought them here to be killed! (Ex. 14:5-11) The Israelites felt that they should not have obeyed Jehovah. Let us see why they did what they did and how Jehovah viewed their actions.

5 While at the Red Sea, the Israelites showed by their actions that they appreciated Jehovah's wonderful works in Egypt and his loyal love. (Read Psalm 106:7, footnote

4. After the Israelites left Egypt, what did Jehovah tell them to do? And why does it seem unwise from a human standpoint?

5. Why was Jehovah displeased with what the Israelites did at the Red Sea? (Psalm 106:7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 9

For example, they saw how Jehovah protected their firstborn from being killed. But they did not see that Jehovah's actions were an expression of his great love for them, and they did not believe that he could deliver them once again. Jehovah saw that they did not believe in him. The Bible says that “they rebelled . . . at the Red Sea.” Although they followed Moses through the Red Sea, they continued to disobey Jehovah. Later, Jehovah said that he would not let the disobedient Israelites enter the Promised Land. (Psalm 106:21, 24-26) What can we learn from their example?

WHAT WE LEARN FROM THE BAD EXAMPLE OF THE ISRAELITES

6 The Israelites' experience teaches us that we need to examine ourselves to see why we really obey Jehovah and those he has appointed to take the lead among us. For example, we might ask ourselves, “When Jehovah gives me counsel, do I need to see that it is in my best interests to apply it?” Some Israelites may have splashed the blood on their doorposts to protect their firstborn, not out of love for Jehovah. We might also ask ourselves, 'Do I obey Jehovah even if others do not or if they are angry with me? When the Israelites left Egypt, Jehovah gave them “honor in the eyes of the Egyptians,” and the Egyptians gave them many things. (Ex. 14:10-12) Instead, we should trust Jehovah and those he has appointed to take the lead among his people. What will help us to avoid being like the Israelites and to obey Jehovah from the heart and always trust in him?

7 We do well to remember that our love for Jehovah moves us to obey him. If we do not see the value of a certain direction from Jehovah's organization or if we find it difficult to apply, we may at times feel that it is difficult to apply. If we ever feel that way, we need to remember that we love Jehovah and trust in him, and that is the primary reason why we obey him. (1 John 5:3) Because we love Jehovah, we listen to what he tells us, recognizing that even if we do not see how we can benefit from what he tells us now, we will see it in the future. —Jaj. 7:8; Micah 7:7.

8 Today, many of our brothers and sisters set a fine example in this regard. They follow the direction they are given even if at first they do not see how it will benefit them. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Governing Body directed that our meetings for clergy be held by videoconferencing. “At first,” says an elder in Peru, “I thought that it would be impossible to hold congregation meetings by videoconferencing.” Although he did not understand the direction he was given, he was determined to listen to Jehovah and to trust in him. (Abɛi 3:5, 6) Mɛni jɛ mli kɛba? “One thing I learned,” she says, “is that when we obey Jehovah, he blesses us. The friendship between the brothers and their faith in Jehovah grew.” Naa niiashikpamɔ kroko hu. In 2020, the congregation made some adjustments in foreign-language congregations or groups

6. If we truly trust in Jehovah, what will we do? (Jeremiah 23:4)

7. If we love Jehovah very much, what will we do?

8. How did two brothers show that they wanted to obey Jehovah?

10 THE WATCHTOWER

bought. A sister in Japan who belongs to a foreign-language group explains how she felt when she was asked to leave the group. He says: “I wanted to obey Jehovah's direction. So I never wanted to go against it. I knew that this change would bring good results.”

9 Prepare for opposition. We need to be prepared to continue preaching despite opposition. Today, in many lands where we preach, the governments do not oppose us. However, since preaching the good news also involves telling people that the end of this wicked world is near, we need courage. We will continue to preach this message until the war of Armageddon begins. (Matt. 24:14) Moreover, during the great tribulation, the message we preach will be even more intense, and people will have to decide whether they will support God's Kingdom or human governments. Those who hate Jehovah will not like the message we preach. It will be like a calamity “very great” for them.* (Rev. 16:21) No doubt, they will be as angry with Jehovah and his people as Pharaoh was with the Israelites at the Red Sea. If we obey the command to preach and keep on preaching no matter how people view us, we will be prepared for future opposition.

LISTEN TO JEHOVAH AS JEHOSPHATH DID

10 The Bible contains many examples of men and women who obeyed Jehovah. One of them was King Jehoshaphat. He was the leader of Judah when three nations came together to attack it. Jehoshaphat and his people were very afraid, and we can understand them. (2 Chron. 20:1-3) Despite his fears, he made good decisions. Let us see how Jehoshaphat showed that he trusted in Jehovah and obeyed him and how we can imitate him.

11 Be determined to ask Jehovah for help and to listen to him. When Jehoshaphat became afraid, “he set his heart to search for Jehovah.” (2 Chron. 20:3) Before Jehoshaphat and life

* See “Questions From Readers” in the August 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

9. What will help us to obey Jehovah even when we are opposed? (See also picture.)

10. How did Jehoshaphat react when three nations came together to attack Judah?

11. What did Jehoshaphat do when he was afraid? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

When we obey Jehovah, he helps us to endure opposition (See paragraph 9)

11

Wise elders listen to Jehovah, to the congregation, and to other elders.—See paragraph 16.

Even before that meeting, he had asked Jehovah for guidance in certain situations. (2 Chron. 19:3) So when the three nations came up against Judah, Jehoshaphat knew that he had to ask Jehovah for help. He was determined to ask Jehovah for guidance and to do whatever Jehovah told him. So he prayed to Jehovah for help. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) If we are discouraged, let us imitate Jehoshaphat. We must be determined to obey Jehovah, to ask for his guidance through prayer and Bible study, and to trust in his help.—Ps. 119:112.

12 Continue to study the Bible. Jehoshaphat's words in prayer clearly show that he was aware of Jehovah's past dealings. He knew that Jehovah had kept His promise to Abraham to give the Promised Land to his descendants. (Gen. 12:7) Moreover, his words in prayer are similar to those of Solomon when he prayed at the inauguration of the temple. (2 Chron. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) What Jehoshaphat learned about Jehovah moved him to trust in him with all his heart and to obey him. We too need to keep learning new Bible truths in addition to what we already know, adding to our “treasure store,” as it were. (Matt. 13:52) As we do so, we will be determined to obey Jehovah in all situations.

13 Remain humble. Jehoshaphat's prayer also reveals his humility. Jehoshaphat was a king with a large army, but he did not leave Jehovah to fight against his enemies. Instead, when praying before the crowd, he showed great humility. He said that he did not know what to do, and he asked Jehovah to help them. (2 Chron. 20:12) Because Jehoshaphat was humble, he acted quickly when Jehovah gave him direction. If we are humble, we too will want to obey Jehovah at all times.—Phil. 2:5, 8.

14 Your actions can have a powerful effect on others. Jehovah listened to Jehoshaphat. He sent the prophet Jahaziel to give Jehoshaphat instructions. Jahaziel said that they would not have to fight against their enemies. The angel said to them: “Assemble yourselves, and stand still and see the salvation of Jehovah in your behalf.” How did Jehoshaphat react to this direction? The Bible says that Jehoshaphat “proceeded to bow down with his face to the ground.” All the people “fell upon their faces . . . to worship Jehovah.” The next day, Jehoshaphat led the people to meet their enemy.

12. What will help us to be determined to obey Jehovah?

13. If we are humble, what will we do?

14. How did Jehoshaphat respond to Jehovah's direction? And how did his actions affect the people?

12 THE WATCHTOWER

and encouraged them to “have faith in Jehovah and in his prophets.”—2 Chron. 20:14-20.

15 Jehoshaphat had strong faith that Jehovah would fulfill His promise and fight for His people. And he encouraged the people to trust in Jehovah and obey him. After he assembled the people, they all decided to choose men to lead the army and sing praises to Jehovah. (2 Chron. 20:21) This shows that they trusted in Jehovah. Because they trusted in Jehovah and obeyed him, he gave them victory over their enemies. He caused their enemies to be scattered.—2 Chron. 20:22-24.

16 If you are an elder, a parent, or an overseer, you can imitate the fine example that Jehoshaphat set for his people. He was determined to obey Jehovah, and his good example helped the people to do the same. Jehoshaphat also humbly listened to God's prophet. When faced with an important decision, he consulted the people before making it. Jehoshaphat followed the example of his forefather Solomon. Solomon wanted to obey Jehovah and take good care of his people. So he prayed to Jehovah for help. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Elders too need to rely on Jehovah for help to care for the congregation. When making decisions that affect the congregation, they should do research in the Bible and in congregation publications and seek the opinion of other elders. This will show that they are humble. (Proverbs 15:22) When the congregation gives direction, they are quick to accept it and apply it, thus encouraging the brothers to do the same. Similarly, when parents sincerely apply Jehovah's guidance, their children will be helped to do the same.—Proverbs 1:8; 14:1.

17 If we choose to obey Jehovah, we can be confident that he will care for us and teach us what to do no matter what happens. Jehovah uses men on earth to lead his people, as he did in the past. Today, Jehovah uses the Governing Body and the elders to guide his people. When we listen to their direction, we are listening to Jehovah. At times, we may not understand some of Jehovah's direction, but we should not be discouraged. Jehovah knows far better than we do, and there is nothing he cannot do. (Isa. 55:9) By all means, then, let us be determined to obey Jehovah with all our heart.

15. How did Jehoshaphat show that he had strong faith in Jehovah?

16. What can elders, parents, and overseers learn from Jehoshaphat's example? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also opening image.)

17. Why should we be determined to obey Jehovah at all times?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What do we learn from the bad example of the Israelites after they left Egypt?

■ How did Jehoshaphat show that he trusted in Jehovah and obeyed him?

■ What do we learn from Jehoshaphat's example?

LALA 88

Let Me Know Your Name

NOVEMBER 16-22, 2026

We Preach the Good News in “All the Tongues of the Nations”

“Ten men out of all the languages ​​of the nations will grab hold of the skirt of a Jew.”—ZECH. 8:23.

PSALM 84 We Offer Ourselves

WHAT WE WILL LEARN We will see how Zechariah 8:23 is being fulfilled and what Jehovah's people are doing to preach to people in every language.

IN THE book of Genesis, we read that humans once rebelled against Jehovah and tried to build a huge tower. But Jehovah caused them to speak different languages ​​so that they would stop building the tower. When one speaks, another does not understand, and when another speaks, this one does not understand. So they separated from people who did not understand their language and settled in other places, and the people spread out over the earth. (Gen. 11:6-9) Years later, however, Jehovah foretold that he would gather “a great crowd . . . out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues” and survive the great tribulation into the new world. (Rev. 7:9, 10, 14) This great crowd will be able to call on Jehovah's name during the great tribulation because the good news of the Kingdom is being preached to them in a language that they can understand. (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) What a privilege we have to preach to others so that they can be saved!

2 Centuries before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, Jehovah inspired the prophet Zechariah to foretell that

1. Why is it vital that we preach to people in their own language? (Romans 10:13, 14) 2. What did Jehovah's spirit inspire Zechariah to foretell?

14

“Many nations will certainly become joined to Jehovah, and they will certainly become his people.” (Zech. 2:11) Moreover, Zechariah wrote in his book: “This is what Jehovah of armies has said, ‘In those days ten men out of all the languages of the nations will grab hold of the skirt of a man who is a Jew, yes, they will grab hold of him, saying: “We will go with you people, for God is with you people.” 8:23) This prophecy is being fulfilled today. In this article, we will learn what each of us can do to preach the good news to people in every language.

“THE TEN MEN OF ALL THE LANGUAGES” WILL BE PREACHED

3 “The Jew” mentioned in Zechariah's prophecy represents Christians who are anointed with holy spirit. The Bible also calls them “the Israel of God.” (Gal. 6:16) These have “the heavenly calling.” (Heb. 3:1) The “ten men” represent humble ones who hope to live forever in Paradise on earth. These people come from different countries and speak different languages.

4 In 1919, Jesus Christ appointed a small group of anointed men to serve as “the faithful and discreet slave.” These brothers saw the need to translate the Bible's message into many languages. (Matt. 24:45) Before 1919, however, God's people were using videos about creation to spread the good news. They translated this video into many languages, but they realized that they had to do more. Later, in 1921, they released a Bible study aid called The Harp of God. This book has been translated into 36 languages. Then, in 1935, “the faithful and discreet slave” discerned that “a great crowd” out of all nations would serve Jehovah forever on earth. This helped them to see the need to preach to people in many lands around the world and in many languages. Hence, anointed Christians back then worked hard to organize the preaching of the good news in all the inhabited earth in fulfillment of Zechariah's prophecy.

“YOUR PEOPLE WILL SURRENDER”

5 God's people continued to preach the good news worldwide. As Isaiah foretold, millions of people from all over the world are eager to learn about Jehovah and to worship him. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) To help these people learn about Jehovah, God's people work hard to preach, translate theocratic publications into many languages, and print and ship them worldwide. (Psalm 68:11; 110:3) In addition, many brothers and sisters have worked hard to make jw.org and JW Library® available. These tools have helped many people who speak different languages ​​to learn about the Bible.

6 Another way that Jehovah's people support the preaching work is by making donations. Thanks to their donations, literature and videos have been produced in over 1,100 languages. As a result, each year thousands of Bible studies are started and thousands join Jehovah's people in worshiping him.

3. Today, whom does “the Jew” represent? And who do the “ten men” represent?

4. What happened when Jesus appointed “the faithful and discreet slave” in 1919?

5-6. What shows that the prophecy recorded at Isaiah 2:2-4 is being fulfilled today? (See also picture.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 | 15

People from many lands and languages ​​are benefiting from the publications and videos produced by the faithful and discreet slave

(See paragraphs 5-6)

7 Although God's people speak many languages, they are united in preaching the good news to people everywhere. Angels help them to accomplish this work. (Read Revelation 14:6.) When we see the fulfillment of such prophecies as those recorded in the books of Zechariah and Revelation, we are convinced that other prophecies will also be fulfilled. And we are determined to be loyal to Jehovah's organization, which is clearly using it to spread the good news worldwide.

JEHOVAH IS DOING WONDERFUL THINGS TODAY

8 On the day of Pentecost 33 CE, Jehovah performed a miracle. When Jesus' disciples were gathered in Jerusalem, they suddenly began speaking in many different languages. (Acts 2:4-10) Why did he perform this miracle? Because people had come from many places to Jerusalem to worship at the temple. And Jehovah wants them to hear the good news in their own language. (Acts 2:11) Today, we too can reach interested ones who speak other languages ​​because we have literature and videos in many languages.

9 It is vital that people hear the good news in a language that they can understand. To illustrate: Imagine that a person traveling abroad suffers from a serious illness and goes to see a doctor who cures him. But the doctor does not understand his language, and so he will need someone to interpret the doctor's language for him. In the same way, people

7. How do we feel about the fulfillment of the prophecies of John and Zechariah? (Revelation 14:6)

8. What miracle did Jehovah perform on the day of Pentecost 33 CE?

9. What can we do to preach the good news to those who do not listen to us?

16 THE WATCHTOWER

many are depressed and discouraged, but translating the Bible's message into a language they can understand can give them comfort and hope. So if we meet someone who does not understand our language, we can still use the Bible to help him solve his problems. For example, we might offer literature in his language or show him a video in his language.

10 Let us see how we can use our publications and the JW Library app to witness to someone in another language. Consider the experience of an English-speaking brother named Robert. While preaching in a port, he met a man from Türkiye who worked on a ship. The man did not speak much English, so Robert gave him the brochure Good News From God! in Türkiye language. Robert was familiar with the material in this brochure, so he asked the man to read specific paragraphs from the brochure in Türkiye. The man from Türkiye asked questions about world events. So Robert used the JW Library app to answer the questions from the Bible in Türkiye. The man said to Robert: “It is amazing that you answer all my questions in my own language when you do not understand my language!” Robert says: “By the end of our conversation, the man had a better understanding of the Bible and that it is a very important book.” How happy we are to be able to help people in their own language to come to know Jehovah and to understand the Bible!

10-11. What have you learned from Robert's experience and from the box “A Refugee Learns About Jehovah”?

Lub Neej hoow Ntshab Qab Ntoj Tshiab Buab Tassayeeb

A Refugee Learned About Jehovah

A young man named Youa did not find life easy. He had to leave his homeland and go to the United States to seek refuge. He had not understood English. He speaks Hmong. Also, her husband would not allow her to read any books, including the Bible. “I have no peace, and I am not happy,” she says. One day, an English-speaking Witness of Jehovah gave her the tract Life in a Peaceful New World in Hmong. Youa learned about the wonderful things that God has promised in the Bible for the future. He had never heard these promises before. What he learned in the tract made him very happy. It gave him hope that his future would improve. He kept the tray in a drawer for many years. From time to time, he would sit down and read the tract. In time, one of Youa's daughters became one of Jehovah's Witnesses and took Youa to a meeting in Hmong. Then a Bible study was started with Youa. The tract in his talk no doubt helped him to learn about Jehovah and to worship him.

SEPTEMBER 2026 | 17

11 Showing a tract or an article on jw.org in their own language can help people. You might prepare to witness in this way to someone who does not understand your language.

WE ARE HELPING PEOPLE WORLDWIDE TO LEARN JEHOVAH'S NAME

12 Our generation did not begin translating the Bible.* Bible translation is no small task. Those who translate the Bible do so because they want all people to read God's Word in their own language. As a result, each of us can read the Bible in a language that we can understand. For example, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has been translated into many languages, helping God's people around the world to learn the truths of God's Word. A brother who serves as an elder in Nepal said of the New World Translation: “When I read this translation in my own language, I feel as if Jehovah were speaking directly to me. This has strengthened my relationship with Jehovah and my faith.” The New World Translation has been translated, in whole or in part, into over 300 languages. The New World Translation is accurate and easy to understand, and it conveys the truth about Jehovah. Thus, Jehovah's people around the world are united in faith and preach the same message to people of all languages. (1 Cor. 1:10) But the New World Translation is also valuable for other reasons. Let's see.

* Some 2,200 years ago, the Hebrew Scriptures were translated into Greek. This was the first time that a portion of the Bible had been translated into another language.

12. How have God's people benefited from the New World Translation?

13 God's name does not appear in many modern Bible translations. But it appears thousands of times in the New World Translation. About a century ago, the name Jehovah appeared in many Bible translations. They often find this name in the Hebrew Scriptures. But most clergymen today do not want to use the name Jehovah, nor do they want people to know God's name. For example, the Catholic clergy have removed God's name from their Bibles and other publications.* Other religions have also removed God's name from their Bibles. In the New World Translation, however, God's name has been restored wherever it appears. It is vital that people know God's name. Let's see why.

14 The Bible shows that it is very important for us to know and use God's name. For example, the book of Psalms tells us to “laud the name of Jehovah.” (Psalm 135:1) When teaching his disciples to pray, Jesus said: “Let your name be sanctified.” And on another occasion in prayer, he said: “I have made your name known to them.” (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) Both the prophet Joel and the apostle Paul wrote: “Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved.” (Rom. 10:13) Because many Bible translators have removed God's name from the Bible, many people do not realize that they need to know and use it.

15 Many of Jehovah's Witnesses can read the New World Translation on their own

* In 2008, the head of the Catholic Church ordered Catholics not to use God's name, Jehovah, in their worship, singing, or praying. See also The Watchtower, October 1, 1997, pages 13-14, paragraphs 4-8.

13. Why has God's name not appeared in many modern Bibles?

14. What Bible accounts show the importance of knowing and using God's name?

15. How does the New World Translation help us?

18 THE WATCHTOWER

in their language. The New World Translation helps them to know the truth about Jehovah, to love and trust in him, and to praise his name.—Proverbs 18:10; Yes. 56:6.

16 The Bible foretells that Jehovah will soon wage war against “the kings of the entire inhabited earth.” (Rev. 16:14) At that time, Jehovah will protect those who know him, obey him, and honor his name. (Psalm 9:10; read John 17:3) But those who do not exercise faith in him and obey him will know that he is Almighty God when he fights against them. Jehovah said: “I shall certainly magnify myself and sanctify myself and make myself known before the eyes of many nations, and they will have to know that I am Jehovah.” (Ezek. 38:23) At that time, how thrilled Jehovah's people will be to have Jehovah as their Friend, not their enemy!—Mal. 3:16.

16. Why is it vital that we get to know Jehovah now? (John 17:3)

17 What a privilege we have to preach the good news worldwide in fulfillment of the prophecy recorded at Zechariah 8:23! It is also a great privilege to work along with our brothers and the angels in preaching the good news to people in many languages. Jehovah gives us everything we need to preach to people of all nations, tribes, and tongues. Let us, then, continue to make good use of these tools to help people become Jehovah's friends. We can help them to see that Jehovah is very merciful, patient, and loving toward all. It is our privilege to continue preaching until everyone on earth knows Jehovah's name and the truth about him.—Luke 11:2.

17. What privilege do each of us have?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ Who are represented by “the man of Judah” and the “ten men” mentioned at Zechariah 8:23?

■ What has moved people of many languages ​​around the world to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why is it vital that people know and use Jehovah's name?

PSALM 57 We Preach to All Sorts of People

NOVEMBER 23-29, 2026

PSALM 107 God Teaches Us to Love People

WHAT WE WILL LEARN We will see how Jehovah's gift of the priesthood draws us closer to him.

Priests, Jehovah's Loving Gift to Mankind

“Every high priest taken from among men is appointed in behalf of men.”—HEB. 5:1.

HUMANS, whether they realize it or not, are in desperate need of help. Why do we say that? Because Adam and Eve disobeyed God, all humans are born in sin and thus cannot have a relationship with God. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) In a sense, sin has separated humans from God, and they can never approach him without help. But only if they draw close to God can they find true happiness in life and hope. So Jehovah wants to help people. Reaction?

2 Although humans are imperfect, Jehovah has made provision for humans to have a relationship with him. He gave the Israelites priests and high priests. Later, he appointed Jesus as High Priest of the Christian congregation, and Jesus remains High Priest to this day. In this article, we will discuss how priests helped people in ancient times. Then we will see how our High Priest helps us today and how he and the 144,000, the other priests, will help us in the future. Finally, we will see how Jehovah's arrangement for humans to have a priesthood is an expression of his great love for us.

HOW THE HIGH PRIEST AND THE PRIESTS HELPED THE ISRAELITES

3 The apostle Paul explained why Jehovah provided a high priest for the Israelites. (Read Hebrews 5:1.) Jehovah wanted to help the Israelites to be close to him. That is why he appointed a high priest to help them with “the things pertaining to God

1. Why do humans need help so much?

2. What will we consider in this lesson?

3. What did the high priest and the priests enable the Israelites to do? (Hebrews 5:1; see also picture.)

20

Because of sin, there is a great gulf between mankind and God; the priests are like a bridge through which we can approach Jehovah

(See paragraph 3)

Thus, they could worship Jehovah even though they were sinners. Thus, the high priest and the priests became like a bridge through which those who loved Jehovah could approach him.

4 Although the Israelites were imperfect, how did the priests help them to approach Jehovah and serve him? They helped them in two main ways. First, the priests were God's representatives before the Israelites because they served as teachers. Why do we say that? Malachi 2:7 states: “The lips of a priest should teach wisdom, and from his lips people should look for law, for he is the servant of Jehovah of armies.” Thus, one of the duties of the priests was to teach the Israelites the Mosaic Law, to help them understand it, and to obey it. For example, on one occasion Ezra, a priest, read the Mosaic Law to the people, and he and 13 other Levites helped the people to understand what was read. They broke it down in a very easy-to-understand way for the public to understand. This helped the people to do what Jehovah wanted them to do, and it drew them closer to him.—Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Second, the priests represented the Israelites before God because they offered sacrifices for the people so that Jehovah could forgive their sins. The Israelites knew that every day they made many mistakes. So they knew that they would need help to receive Jehovah's forgiveness. (Psalm 51:9) So Jehovah provided priests to offer sacrifices to them. The repentant Israelites were no doubt grateful that Jehovah had forgiven them. This arrangement shows that Jehovah loves his people and wants to help them to be happy and to be his friends forever.

THE DIFFERENT PRIESTS MENTIONED IN THE BIBLE

6 Long before Jehovah arranged for the Israelites to have a priesthood, family heads who worshiped Jehovah offered sacrifices for themselves and their families. Jehovah is pleased with these sacrifices

4. What did the priests do as God's representatives in Israel?

5. What did the priests do as human representatives before God? And what does that teach us about God?

6. Why did Jehovah call certain men to be priests before he arranged for the Israelites to have a priesthood?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

happy because they make these sacrifices in order to have a good relationship with him. Moreover, Jehovah wants to be with humans who serve him at all times. For example, when Noah came out of the ark, he offered sacrifices to thank Jehovah. (Gen. 8:20) Abraham built altars to offer sacrifices to Jehovah. (Gen. 12:7, 8) Job also repeatedly offered up sacrifices in behalf of his children, thinking that it was a sign of forgiveness for their sins against Jehovah. (Job 1:5) That is why Jehovah called certain men to be priests before he arranged for the Israelites to have a priesthood. He said: “Let the men of the priesthood [or, family heads] who are constantly approaching Jehovah sanctify themselves, that Jehovah may not strike them.”—Ex. 19:22.

7 The first person mentioned as a priest in the Bible was Melchizedek. (Gen. 14:18) He was not just a priest; he is also a king. Years later, Jehovah promised that the Messiah would be a king and priest like Melchizedek. He also promised that mankind would benefit forever from all the good that the Messiah would do as King and Priest.—Psalm 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 As we have seen, when Jehovah made the Israelites his people and gave them the Law through Moses, he also gave them a priesthood. Also, in the Law, he specified what he wanted the priests and the high priest to do. Jehovah chose Moses' brother, Aaron, to serve as high priest, and he appointed Aaron's sons to serve as priests. From then on, only the descendants of Aaron served as priests. (Ex. 40:12-15) Jehovah commissioned the priests to offer sacrifices. The high priest offered sacrifices for the entire nation, but when an Israelite came to offer a sacrifice, the other priests offered it for him. Other men from the tribe of Levi assisted the priests.

Jehovah also specified the types of sacrifices to be offered, why they were to be offered, and how they were to be offered. Jehovah's actions against the high priest and the priests showed that he would help mankind in a wonderful way in the future.

9 When Jesus was baptized, two important events took place. (1) The figurative temple came into existence. (2) Jesus became High Priest in this temple. (Heb. 8:1) Later, Jesus gave his perfect human life as a sacrifice to cover the sins of mankind. His sacrifice was far superior to the animal sacrifices offered by the priests in Israel. Why? Because animal sacrifices could not take away sins completely, but Jesus' sacrifice did. Today, Jesus continues to serve as our High Priest, like a bridge to Jehovah. (Heb. 9:24) When Jesus, our High Priest and King, rules over the entire earth, the 144,000 will share with him in ruling as kings and priests. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) At that time, Jehovah, Jesus, and the 144,000 will help all humans who want to obey Jehovah to become perfect and to make the earth a paradise. We are very much looking forward to this season!

10 As we have seen, Jehovah has long arranged for humans to have a priesthood so that they can have a relationship with him. The many sacrifices that the Israelites offered made them realize that they needed a better sacrifice—Jesus' human life. During his Thousand Year Reign, Jesus and the 144,000 will serve as priests until mankind is brought to perfection. Then there would be no separation between humans and Jehovah, and there would be no need for priests. What can we learn from Jehovah's arrangement for humans to have a priesthood?

7. Who was Melchizedek? And in what ways is he like the Messiah? 8. Who served as priests in Israel, and what did they do?

9-10. Who will serve as priests with Jesus during the Thousand Year Reign?

22 THE WATCHTOWER

were they able to approach him? That is what we will discuss now.

HOW JEHOVAH'S ARRANGEMENT FOR THE PRIESTHOOD STRIPS US TOGETHER

11 Jehovah wants each one of us to have a close relationship with him. Ever since Adam and Eve sinned, there has been a huge gap between humans and God. But God is eager to remove this possibility altogether. Jehovah wants us to approach him in prayer, to have his approval, and to enjoy a close relationship with him. He also wants us to be freed from sin and live forever. (2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are born in sin, not Adam and Eve. He felt sorry for us, so he made arrangements to bridge the gap between us and him so that we could become his friends. This makes us love him even more, doesn't it?

12 Jesus too wants us to have a close relationship with Jehovah. The Bible tells us that “we have a helper with the Father,” Jesus Christ, our High Priest. When we make mistakes, he forgives us. (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25.) What are some factors that Jesus might consider before making an apology for you? He may look at your upbringing, your health, your anxieties, or other problems. He may also look for your good qualities, all the good things you do, and how faithful you are to Jehovah. Moreover, since Jesus sees what is in your heart, he will take into account how often you have prayed for Jehovah's forgiveness and how hard you are trying to do what is right. Because Jehovah is good

11. What is one reason why Jehovah arranged for humans to have a priesthood?

12. What does Jesus look for before he intercedes for us? Why is this so comforting? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also picture.)

Jesus, our High Priest, notices our good attitude, our good deeds, our prayers for forgiveness, and our efforts to do what is right (See verse 12)

he is willing to forgive, so we can be sure that he will listen to Jesus' prayers and forgive us. (Psalm 86:5) In fact, Jehovah himself chose Jesus to intercede for us.

13 Jehovah wants us to be able to approach him freely. (Read Hebrews 4:16.) This is another reason why he has given Jesus to serve as our High Priest. Jehovah wants to listen to our prayers. Doing so shows that we trust in him and trust in him. Sometimes when we pray, we do not know how to express our feelings. We must have been so worried that we didn't know what to say. (Rom. 8:26) But Jehovah knows this, understands us, and takes action to help us. We can approach Jehovah at any time because he is our loving, caring Father.

14 Jehovah wants us to live forever. (Ezek. 33:11) Animal sacrifices in ancient times did not completely take away the sins of Jehovah's righteous ones. (Heb. 7:19) But by means of these sacrifices, Jehovah made it clear to his servants that they needed a better sacrifice. This sacrifice is the perfect human life of Jesus Christ. Because of that sacrifice, Jehovah can give everlasting life to anyone who obeys him. How thankful we can be that Jehovah has made such a provision so that we can live forever!—1 John 4:8. 4:10.

15 Jehovah's choice of high priest and of those who serve as priests are proof of his love for us. As in the case of Jesus, the 144,000 must be faithful to-

13. What is another reason why Jehovah has provided Jesus to serve as our High Priest? And how do you benefit from this? (Hebrews 4:16.)

14. How did Jehovah show that he wants humans to live forever?

15. Why can we say that Jehovah's appointment of the high priest and of those who serve as priests is an expression of his love for us?

but they will die. (Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) Their faithfulness must be evident to Jehovah. So we can be sure that during the Thousand Year Reign, Jesus and the 144,000 will lovingly help us to do what is right and to become perfect. They will also help us to rid ourselves of the sin we inherited from Adam and Eve. It is because of the ransom that they can do all these good things. By the end of the Thousand Year Reign, all humans on earth will have been brought to perfection, just as Jehovah originally purposed.—Rev. 22:1, 2.

16 Jesus, our High Priest, knows our problems and feelings because he lived as a human on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Do you sometimes feel discouraged? Jesus too felt the pain. (John 4:6) Do you sometimes feel hungry or thirsty? Jesus was hungry and thirsty too. (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28) Do you face ridicule or opposition because of your faith? Jesus was treated the same way. (Isa. 50:6; John 15:20) Have you lost a loved one in death? When Jesus was on earth, his friend Lazarus died, and likely his adoptive son Joseph. Therefore, we can be sure that Jesus, our High Priest, understands us and knows what to do to help us because he has gone through what we are going through today.

17 During the Thousand Year Reign, 144,000 others will also understand and treat us kindly. Before they went to heaven, they were imperfect and sinful humans like us. So they know how we feel when we make mistakes. Also, when they are on earth

16. Why can we say that Jesus is the best High Priest we could have? (Hebrews 4:15)

17. Why can we be sure that the 144,000 will understand and treat us well during the Thousand Year Reign?

24 THE WATCHTOWER

they are sick and sometimes depressed. So they know what it's like to be sick and to be depressed. Also, they did not all live at the same time. In addition, they lived in different places, came from different families, and had different backgrounds. So no matter what you are going through, there is always someone among the 144,000 who will understand you.

18 So far, we have seen that Jehovah loves us, understands our feelings, forgives us, and helps us. Satan is always looking for the bad in us, but Jehovah is not like that. (Rev. 12:10) This article has helped us to see that Jehovah has done much to help us draw close to him, to be confident that we can please him, and to be his friends. How does this make you feel about Jehovah? Does he make you feel loved and eager to forgive you?

19 At times, we may feel that we do not deserve Jehovah's love. But this study has helped us to be convinced that Jehovah understands us and knows that we feel that way because we are imperfect. He knows we are dust. (Psalm 103:14) After all, he focuses, not on our shortcomings, but on the good in us, the kind of person we want to be, and the kind of person we will become when we are perfect. If we see the good in ourselves but see our faults, we need to remember that Jehovah “is greater than our hearts and knows all things.”—1 John 4:8. 3:20.

20 As we have seen, Jehovah has arranged for us to have a priesthood so that we can serve him as imperfect humans. We see that he did so because because of our sin, there was a gap between us and him. But because he really wants us to draw close to him, he has made this arrangement that is like a bridge through which we can draw close to him. We should show our appreciation for what he did and do what Hebrews 4:16 tells us to do. It says: “Let us, therefore, approach with freeness of speech to the throne of undeserved kindness, that we may obtain mercy and find undeserved kindness for help at the right time.”

18. What have we learned about Jehovah in this study? And how does that make you feel?

19. Even if we make many mistakes, how does Jehovah view us?

20. Why are we grateful for Jehovah's arrangement for the priesthood? What are we determined to do?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ How does God's arrangement for the priesthood enable us to serve him despite our sinful state?

■ Who were the various priests mentioned in the Bible?

■ How does Jehovah's arrangement for the priesthood enable us to have a close relationship with him?

PSALM 16 Praise Jehovah For His Anointed Son

NOVEMBER 30-DECEMBER 6, 2026

Guard Against “The Spirit of the World.”

“Everything in the world . . . does not originate with the Father.”—1 JOHN 3:16. 2:16.

PSALM 22 Christ's Kingdom Is Born—Let It Come to the Earth!

WHAT WE WILL LEARN We will consider three areas in which we need to guard against being influenced by the spirit of the world.

SATAN is the ruler of this world. (John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) Those who have been especially targeted are Christ's followers. (Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) But this does not mean that Satan himself is everywhere and that he is always fighting against us. In fact, there is no indication in the Bible that an angel, good or bad, can be anywhere at any time. But Satan has many demons who work with him. (Rev. 12:9) Moreover, Satan has something that he can use at any time, and it is everywhere. That is the spirit of the world. Many people, whether they realize it or not, are influenced by this spirit. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) Some people do not believe that Satan exists, but if they allow themselves to be influenced by the spirit of the world, they are doing Satan's will. In a sense, he has “molded them to do his will.”—2 Tim. 2:26.

2 Many of us were once influenced by the spirit of the world. But when we learned what the spirit of the world is and who is behind it, what did we do? We have heeded the Bible’s warning to “reject ungodliness and worldly desires.” (Titus 2:11, 12) Although Satan is very powerful and influences many in the world, we do not allow him to influence us, and we show that we want to resist him, and Jehovah is helping us. (Jas. 4:7, 8) All of us can be sure that Jehovah is pleased with us because we have resisted the spirit of the world!

1. What does Satan use to influence people today? (1 John 2:15, 16) 2-3. (a) How do Jehovah's people differ from those who allow themselves to be influenced by “the spirit of the world”? (b) Against what must we be on guard?

26

It is all too easy to be influenced by the spirit of the world

(See paragraph 5)



WHAT IS “THE SPIRIT OF THE WORLD”?

4 In the Bible, “the spirit of the world” refers to the thinking and attitudes of those who do not have God's friendship. How do those who are influenced by “the spirit of the world” think and act? They often cut their own. Moreover, they often fail to live by Jehovah's standards of right and wrong. For example, many today think that it is all right to say bad things or to engage in immoral conduct. These things are “the desires of the nations,” not the will of the Creator.—1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The spirit of the world is one of the most effective ways that Satan is misleading “the entire inhabited earth.” (Rev. 12:9) The apostle Paul rightly likened the spirit of the world to “the air.” (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) Air is everywhere, and we breathe it every day. But the spirit of the world is like a bad air that can harm us if we breathe it. Currently,

4. What is “the spirit of the world”? And how do those who are led by that spirit react?

5. How is the spirit of the world like “the air”? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also opening image.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

we will discuss how we can breathe this dead air without even being conscious and how to prevent it.

AVOID UNAPPROPRIATE LANGUAGE

6 The Bible foretold that during the last days, people would be “lovers of themselves, lovers of money, self-assuming, haughty.” (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Today, people's speech often reveals some of these negative traits. For example, sometimes it is reported on TV or on the radio or in the newspapers that some people are arguing and then they start fighting. Also, in many families, husbands and wives speak inappropriately, wives speak inappropriately to their husbands, and parents speak inappropriately to their children. In addition, both children and adults speak ya-kayaka. (Eph. 5:3, 4) Clearly, those who are influenced by the spirit of the world speak in that way.

7 As Christians, we should always use the right words, whether we are speaking face-to-face or in writing. (Jas. 1:26, 27) Hence, you might ask yourself: 'How do I speak? When I am angry or when I am talking to people who do not know that I am a Witness, do I use bad language? And when I speak to my fellow Witnesses, do I speak harshly or sarcastically? Do I talk to my family members inappropriately? What will they say about the way I speak?'

8 If we discern that we are adopting the spirit of the world, what can we do? We need to change the way we talk

6. How do those who are influenced by the spirit of the world speak?

7. What questions might we ask ourselves about the way we speak?

8. How can we avoid improper speech? (Colossians 3:8-10)

we give it, but that's not all we have to do. Why? Something Jesus once said helps us to understand why. He said: “The things proceeding out of the mouth come out of the heart, and those things defile a man.” (Matt. 15:18) Jesus' words show that our speech reveals what we think and feel. That is why the Bible lists “envy” among such negative traits as “envy,” “wrath,” and “wrath.” (Eph. 4:31) If you discern that you have any of these traits in your heart, pray for Jehovah's help to overcome them and to put on “the new personality.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) You can also look up publications that discuss these qualities and how we can cultivate them. Be determined not to allow the spirit of the world to influence your thinking and speech.—Eph. 4:29.

STAY AWAY FROM THINGS JEHOVAH HATES

9 Another trait of those who are influenced by the spirit of the world is that they ignore Jehovah's standards of right and wrong. Many of them think that there is nothing wrong with abortion, homosexuality, or premarital sex. (Isa. 5:20) If we are not careful, we could begin to think as they do, and we could begin to see no problem in these practices. (2 Cor. 11:3) We might even conclude that the world's thinking is unreasonable and that the Bible's counsel is out-of-date. But this is not true at all! Everything Jehovah tells us is always for our good. He knows far more than we do, and whatever he tells us always works.—Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

9. How do those who are influenced by the spirit of the world react to Jehovah's standards of right and wrong?

28 THE WATCHTOWER

10 Those who want to please Jehovah must hate what he hates. (Psalm 97:10) So you might ask yourself: 'Although I understand that Jehovah says that premarital sex is not permitted and that homosexuality is not permitted, do I sometimes feel the urge to do so? Do I enjoy watching videos or playing video games that feature things that Jehovah hates? Do I want Jehovah to change what he says is wrong so that I can do what I want him to do?’

11 If you discern that you are developing a desire for something that Jehovah hates, what can you do? Do not hastily conclude that you cannot do Jehovah's will. Remember, we are all imperfect, and at times we may be tempted to do things that are not right. (Psalm 51:5; 103:14) But you can choose to do what is right, not to do “the desire of the flesh.” (Eph. 2:3) Also, you can choose not to dwell on wrong desires. If you begin to develop a desire to do something wrong, you must immediately turn your eyes or your mind away from things that Jehovah hates. (Gen. 39:9, 12) And think of how such things can damage your relationship with Jehovah and with others. Be determined never to let that happen. (Eph. 5:5) Jehovah can help you to overcome negative feelings.

USE THE INTERNET CONNECTIVELY

12 Most of us use the Internet at work or at school. Also, when we study the Bible, attend a congregation meeting, or go out in the ministry, we can go to jw.org. But much of what is available on the Internet is posted by people who are influenced by the spirit of the world. For example, there is a lot of pornography on the Internet, and it is easy for people, both adults and children, to find it. In addition, many people, especially young people, use the Internet to send immoral messages, pictures, and videos of sexually explicit material. In addition, many of the information posted online is inaccurate or exaggerated. And on social media, people often post only pictures and videos that show them doing things that make them happy or places they have traveled. When we see what others have posted on social media, it can make us feel that we are missing out. This may move us to miss congregation meetings or to reduce the amount of time we spend in the ministry in order to pursue these goals.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 We need to be careful about what is posted on the Internet that could waste our time or attention. Therefore, we might ask ourselves, 'How much time do I spend looking at what others have posted on the Internet?' (Eph. 5:15, 16) 'What do I watch on the Internet? If I see something unwholesome on the Internet, how long does it take me to stop viewing it?’ (Psalm 119:37) ‘Do I believe everything I read on the Internet or check it to see if it is accurate?’—Proverbs 14:15.



10. What questions might we ask ourselves about the things that Jehovah hates?

11. What will help us to hate what Jehovah hates?

12. What are many of the articles on the Internet about?

13. What questions might we ask ourselves about our use of the Internet?

14. What will help us to use the Internet wisely?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

things that Christians should not watch. Parents should also be aware of how much time their children spend on social media and what they do on it. (Eph. 6:4) Researchers have found that youths who spend a lot of time on social media are more likely to be depressed, anxious, and depressed than those who do not. If you apply the Bible's wise counsel, you will be able to use the Internet wisely.

YOU CAN RESIST THE SPIRIT OF THE WORLD!



15. What do you learn from Gloria's experience? (See also photo.)

A sister named Gloria* faced a similar situation. He learned about Jehovah when he was young, but he was influenced by others. He says: “I wanted to be rich and famous. So I started missing congregation meetings. I didn't want to be a Witness anymore.” In time, Gloria came to realize that the spirit of the world had caused her to desire material things and prominence. So what did he do? He says: “I studied the Bible more diligently, prayed more, and associated with those who served Jehovah. Although I now have little materially, I am rich toward Jehovah.

* The names mentioned in this article are not real names.

What can you do to resist the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15)

30 THE WATCHTOWER

Jehovah is guiding me, not Satan's world.”

16 We can also learn from the example of a brother named Robert. Because of bad associations at school and unwholesome entertainment, Robert became involved in smoking, drinking, and having sex. “I felt free because I could do whatever I wanted,” she says. In time, though, Robert found that he was no longer free, but a slave to the world. (2 Pet. 2:19) What adjustments did Robert make? He says: “I made friends only with people who loved Jehovah. I changed my attitude, my attitude, and my speech.” How does Robert feel now? “Every day I wake up,” she says, “I am happy to be back in my life. My life is very different from what I used to be. It makes me very happy.”

16. What have you learned from Robert's experience?

17 What have we learned in this study? We must be careful not to be influenced by the spirit of the world. This will require that we avoid speech that is unclean and that Jehovah hates, and that we be on guard against harmful things on the Internet. The spirit of the world is powerful, but you need not fear it. You can choose to do what is right, for Jehovah is far more powerful than Satan and his wicked world. (Read 1 John 4:4.) Jehovah will also give you his holy spirit, the most powerful force in the universe, and it will help you to resist the spirit of the world. (Luke 11:13) By all means, then, let us be determined to keep on “walking by spirit” and resisting the spirit of the world!—Gal. 5:16.

17. Why can you be sure that you can resist the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

HOW CAN WE AVOID “THE SPIRIT OF THE WORLD”:

■ how we speak?

■ how we view what Jehovah hates?

■ how we use the Internet?

PSALM 124 Be Faithful Forever!

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

September 2026 | Vol. 147, no. 10 GA

INFORMATION IN THIS MAGAZINE

Study for November 2-8 | 2

You Can Be Sure of Jehovah's Protection

Study for November 9-15 | 8

What You Can Do to Obey Jehovah Always

Study for November 16-22 | 14

We Preach the Good News in “All the Tongues of the Nations”

Study for November 23-29 | 20

Priests, Jehovah's Loving Gift to Mankind

Study for November 30–December 6 | 26

Guard Against “The Spirit of the World.”

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

A BIBLE STORY

“Let the Peace of the Christ Rule in Your Hearts”

The expression “the peace of the Christ” is mentioned at Colossians 3:15. What is “the peace of the Christ”? When a person becomes a disciple of Christ, he becomes calm and at peace. If so, he will experience “the peace of the Christ.” This peace comes from knowing that Jehovah and his Son love us very much. —John. 14:23, 27.

The apostle Paul encouraged Christians in the congregation in Colossae to let the peace we are discussing prevail in their hearts, or inner person. How can they do that? In ancient Greece, a judge was appointed to make sure that the athletes complied with the rules of the game and to reward the winners. This judge is a form of the Greek word Paul used and is translated “rule over” in Ga. This shows that just as athletes should be guided by what the referee says in a race, so we should let “the peace of the Christ” govern our lives.

For example, if we have a personal difference with a fellow Christian, we should let “the peace of the Christ” “judge” the matter. When we experience “the peace of the Christ,” it is easier to see what we need to do to promote peace and unity with our brothers. To do this, we may sometimes have to sacrifice our own desires or forgive others. But doing so shows that we are letting “the peace of the Christ” control in our hearts. —Col. 3:12-14.

Visit jw.org, or scan this code

JW.ORG ®

w26.09-GA