JANUARY

PROTECTION

PREACHING THE KINGDOM OF JEHOVAH

THE YEAR 2026:

“Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need.”—MATT. 5:3

STUDY ARTICLES FOR: MARCH 2–APRIL 5,

MARCH 2-8,

CHAPTER 97

We Live By God's Word

THE GOAL

In this article, we will explore the provisions of these for happiness, and how to keep these things beneficial.

Keep Satisfying Your “Spiritual Need.”

THE YEAR 2026:

“Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need.”—MATT. 5:3

WE ALL need some basic things in life. That is how Jehovah made us. For example, to survive, we need food, clothing, and shelter. Without any of these essentials, even for a short time, life will be difficult. While these basic material things are necessary in life, Jehovah knows that we also need spiritual things. (Read Matthew 5:3.) To be truly happy in life, we must recognize this need and satisfy it.

2 What does it mean to be “conscious of your spiritual need”? This Greek word refers to one who is asking for the spirit. This refers to a poor man who is begging. He is ragged, hungry and sitting on the corner of the road, with no one to explain. With no shelter, he is exposed to the sun during the day and the cold at night. This person is well aware that to be successful in life, he needs help, so he is asking for help. The same is true of someone who is conscious of his spiritual need or who is begging for the spirit. Such people will be willing to accept and use whatever Jehovah has provided to help those who love him.

3 In this article, we will first consider the lessons learned

1. What are some of the basic human needs? (Matthew 5:3)

2. Illustrate what it means to be concerned about one’s ‘spiritual needs’.

3. What will we discuss in this article?

2

The Phoenician woman who wanted Jesus to help her was humble, did not give up, and showed faith

(See paragraph 5)

To the Phoenician woman who pleaded with Jesus for help. That incident highlights three basic qualities that those who are conscious of their spiritual need must cultivate. Then we will learn from others who are also concerned about their spiritual needs. They are the apostle Peter, the apostle Paul, and King David.

AN EXAMPLE OF HUMILITY, DEDICATION, AND FAITH

4 A Phoenician woman approached Jesus. “Her daughter is severely demonized.” (Matt. 15:21-28) So she fell at Jesus' feet, begging him to help her. This Phoenician woman who came to Jesus displayed some important qualities. Let’s take a look at some of them.

5 The Phoenician woman was truly humble. Why do we say that? Because Jesus gave an illustration in which he compared the woman to a dog, an important pet for non-Jews. The woman was not offended that Jesus compared her to a puppy. If you were, would you be angry? Would you assume that Jesus rebuked you and therefore stopped seeking his help? The Phoenician woman did not. Not only was he humble, but he didn’t give up. This is partially evident in his continued request for Jesus’ help. What happened to him that he didn’t give up? He played faith. This woman had strong faith in Jesus, so that although Jesus had earlier said that she was sent only to “the lost sheep of the house of Israel,” Jesus helped her. This Gentile woman’s faith moved Jesus to cast the unclean spirit out of her daughter.

6 To satisfy our spiritual need, it is vital that we cultivate the same vital qualities. It must be

4. What did the Phoenician woman want Jesus to do for her?

5. What important qualities did the woman display, and how did Jesus help her? (See also the picture.)

6. What do we learn from the story of the Phoenician woman?

JANUARY

we must be humble, have strong faith, and not give up. Only the humble will continue to ask for God’s help without ceasing. We also need to have strong faith in Christ Jesus and trust in those he is using to lead his followers. (Matt. 24:45-47) Jehovah and his Son are pleased to help those who display these vital qualities. (Compare James 1:5-7.) We will now consider how Jehovah feeds us spiritually, helps us to put on the new personality, and protects us. The examples of Peter, Paul, and King David will also help us to see what we need to do to benefit from what Jehovah does for us.

STUDY GOD'S WORD LIKE PETER

7 Consider the example of the apostle Peter. He was among the first Jews to recognize Jesus as the Messiah. They saw him as the one through whom Jehovah had “sayings of everlasting life.” (John 6:66-68) Before his resurrection to heaven, Jesus commissioned Peter: “Feed my little sheep.” (John 21:17) Peter faithfully carried out that assignment and was used by Jehovah God to write two letters that became part of the Bible. But Peter himself needed to take in spiritual food, or to study God's Word thoroughly. For example, he thoroughly studied the inspired Bible books of Paul. Peter admitted that some of what Paul wrote was “hard to understand.” (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) Clearly, though, Peter did not give up. He believed that Jehovah would help him to take in, or understand, and apply the “solid food” in Paul's letters.—Read Hebrews 5:14–6:1

8 With strong faith in Jehovah, Peter obediently followed instructions. For example, while in Joppa, he had a vision in which an angel told him to kill and eat some animals that the Jews were not allowed to eat under the Mosaic Law. Peter, a Jew, must have thought that direction was completely wrong. At first Peter replied: “Not at all, Lord, for I have never eaten anything common or unclean.” “Stop calling defiled the things God has cleansed,” the angel told him. (Acts 10:9-15) Peter agreed and changed his mind. How did we know? Shortly after the vision, three men approached Peter. They were sent by Cornelius, a Gentile, to call Peter to his house. Otherwise, Peter would never have entered a Gentile's home because the Jews considered them unclean. (Acts 10:28, 29) But when Jehovah shed light on Peter's desire for all to hear the good news, Peter obeyed Jehovah and made immediate changes. (Prov. 4:18) He went to preach to Cornelius and his household and was thrilled when they accepted the good news, received the outpouring of holy spirit, and were baptized.—Acts 10:44-4 10:44-4

9 Like Peter, we need to be regular in our study of God's Word. We often enjoy reading the simple portions of God’s Word. But it is also important to regularly study the deeper things of God’s Word. We have to find time

7. What was Peter’s assignment, but what did he need to do himself? Explain it. (Hebrews 5:14–6:1)

8. How did Peter react to new instructions from God through his angel?

9. In what two ways does the study of the deeper truths of God’s Word benefit us?

4 PROTECTION

will endeavor to dig deeper into God’s Word so that we can better understand things that we did not previously understand. Why is this important? It will benefit us in at least two ways. First, we will come to know more about Jehovah so that we will love and respect him more. And second, we will be moved to share with others the wonderful things we have learned about our heavenly Father. (Rom. 11:33; Rev. 4:11) There is another lesson we can learn from Peter's example. That is, when Jehovah's organization makes changes in our understanding of a portion of God's Word, we should immediately accept them and adjust our thinking and actions. These are the basics that will help you to continue to serve Jehovah faithfully and to continue to be used by him.

imitate PAUL AND PUTT ON THE NEW PERSONALITY

10 To play pleasing to God, we must put on the new personality. What does that mean? “Put away the old personality . . . and clothe yourselves with the new personality,” said the apostle Paul. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) It takes time and effort to put on the new personality in order to please God. Consider Paul himself. In his youth he worked hard to please God. (Gal. 1:14; Phil. 3:4, 5) But he did not know the best way to serve God acceptably. He didn’t know the facts about Jesus. Pride also made his actions displeasing to God. He himself described himself as “a man of no account.”—1 Tim. 1:1

11 Before becoming a Christian, Paul was violently angry. The book of Acts confesses that Paul was so angry with Jesus’ disciples that he “began to breathe out threats and murder.” (Acts 9:1) Undoubtedly, when Paul became a Christian, he worked to control his temper and became more patient and kind. (Eph. 4:22, 31) However, when a disagreement arose between Paul and Barnabas, “there occurred a sharp burst of anger.” (Acts 15:37-39) In that instance, Paul did not act in a way that pleased God. But he didn’t give up. He continued to fight hard to overcome those weaknesses to please Jehovah.—1 Cor. 9:2

12 What helped Paul to put away his personality and put on the new personality was a lack of self-reliance. (Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul relied on “the power that belongs to God.” (1 Pet. 4:11) Yet, Paul's mistakes sometimes caused his father to become discouraged. But when that happens, he reflects on the good things Jehovah has done for him. This strengthens his resolve to keep doing what pleases him.—Rom. 7:21-2

13 No matter how long we have been serving Jehovah, we need to imitate Paul and continue to strive to put away the old personality and clothe ourselves with the new personality from God. A previous situation may recur. For example, if we happen to be angry or smile at someone properly, we should not feel like a failure. Instead, we will be determined to make changes in our thinking and actions. (Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) But when we are

The 100% cotton fabric is 100% cotton and is 100% cotton fabric.

11. What weakness did Paul have to fight hard to overcome? Into.

12. What helped Paul to overcome his weaknesses?

13. How can we imitate Paul?

JANUARY

We must continue to study God’s Word for Jehovah’s guidance, to display qualities that please him, and to obey him for his protection

(See paragraph 18)

in doing so, we must remember this important fact: If we want to improve our character, we need to become familiar with and live by Jehovah’s requirements.

IMITATE DAVID AND LET JEHOVAH PROTECT YOU

14 To be truly happy, we must do more than study God's Word and put on the new personality. We also need Jehovah’s protection. In what ways does Jehovah protect us, and what can we do to receive his protection?

15 King David was confident that Jehovah would sustain him through difficult times. (Read Psalm 27:5.) How does Jehovah protect his servants today? Jehovah protects his people from anything that could completely destroy their faith. He promised that no weapon formed against them would succeed. (Ps. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Satan, the demons, and our persecutors are all powerful, but Jehovah is far more powerful than they are. Even if we are killed, Jehovah will resurrect us. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Rev. 21:3, 4) Even when we are discouraged and anxious, Jehovah gives us the strength to endure. (Prov. 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) Our loving Father has provided our brothers and sisters to encourage and support us during difficult times. He has also provided us with elders to teach us and help us grow in faith. (Isa. 32:1, 2) And at the meetings, we learn how to receive Jehovah's help and protection.—Heb. 10:24,

16 When David obeyed Jehovah, Jehovah protected him by helping him to make wise decisions that brought him happiness. (Compare Proverbs 5:1, 2.) But if he does not meet Jehovah’s requirements, He-

14-1 In what ways does Jehovah protect his people? (Psalm 27:5) (See also accompanying photo.)

16. In what ways did Jehovah protect David?

6 PROTECTION

howa does not protect him and sees the consequences of his actions. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) What about the times when David suffered because of the actions of others? When this happened, David poured out his heart to Jehovah in prayer, and Jehovah comforted him and assured him of His love and care.—Ps. 23:1-6

17 We can imitate David by looking to Jehovah for guidance in making wise decisions. We must remember that if we disobey Jehovah, he will not prevent the consequences of our bad decisions. (Gal. 6:7, 8) Still, it is possible to obey Jehovah but suffer the consequences. In such difficult times, we can pray to Jehovah to help us calm down. Then he will comfort us and reassure us of his love.—Phil. 4:6,

CONTINUE TO MEET YOUR ‘SPIRITUAL NEEDS’

18 The yeartext for 2026 is: “Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need.” This is more important today than ever. What is the reason? Because many people today do not recognize their need for God and his guidance. Some also believe in God but choose to serve him as they please. Others rely on human guidance which leads to unhappiness. We must not allow ourselves to be influenced by their actions. But what do we do to keep our trust in Jehovah? We must continue to study God's Word. We have to keep going

MARCH 9-15,

SONG 45 Let My Meditations Be Pleasing to You

PURPOSE This article will help us to deal with anxiety or depression.

You Can Control The Emotions That Bother You

“O my sorrow!”—ROM. 7:2

WHEN you hear the name of the apostle Paul, what comes to your mind? Do you consider him a courageous missionary, a skilled teacher, or a good Bible writer? That is exactly what it is. But he was sometimes very depressed and sad. Paul was understandably troubled by these feelings, as are many of us today.

2 Read Romans 7:21-2 In his letter to the Romans, Paul expressed his feelings. Many of us feel the same way. Although Paul was a faithful Christian, he had an inner struggle. He wanted to do God's will, but at the same time he had to fight against wrong desires. Also, when Paul looks back on his pre-Christian life, he is deeply saddened. In addition, he was going through a life-threatening crisis. All of this makes him sad at times.

3 Despite his inner struggles, Paul did not allow negative feelings* to dominate his thinking. This article will help us answer these questions: What made Paul feel “sorry”? How did he cope with the emotions that plagued him? And what will help us cope with the emotions that bother us?

WHAT MAKES PAUL SO SAD?

4 Past accomplishments. Before Paul, formerly known as Saul

* DISCUSSION: In this article, the term “negative emotions” refers to feelings that sometimes cause us to feel sad or anxious. But it does not mean chronic depression that requires hospitalization.

1-2 How did the apostle Paul feel at times, and how does his situation compare with ours today? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What will we discuss in this article? (See also “Definition.”)

4. What past actions of Paul became a source of great distress to him?

8

to become a Christian, he did things that he later regretted. For example, he was present and approved of the stoning of the faithful Stephen. (Acts 7:58; 8:1) He also led a wave of vicious persecution against Christians.—Acts 23:1 8:3; 26:9-1

5 After becoming a Christian, Paul was troubled by his past. As the debts mounted, his role in the persecution of Christians continued to grow. For example, in his first letter to the Corinthians in 55 CE, he said: “I am not fit to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God.” (1 Cor. 15:9) Some five debts later, he said in his letter to the Ephesians that he was “the least of all the holy ones.” (Eph. 3:8) Writing to Timothy, Paul described himself as “a blasphemer and a persecutor and an insolent man.” Why? (1 Tim. 1:13) Imagine how Paul must have felt when he visited the congregations and encountered those who had been bitterly persecuted or who had been persecuted by relatives.

6 A thorn in his flesh. Paul likened something intensely distressing to “a thorn in the flesh.” (2 Cor. 12:7) The apostle did not give the exact nature, but his words suggest that it may have been a health problem, an inner distress, or some other painful distress.*

* Paul's words indicate that he was suffering from a form of blindness. If so, this may make it difficult for him to write letters and carry out his ministry. (Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or he may have been troubled by the accusations of false teachers. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) Whatever the problem, Paul at times felt sad.

5. How did Paul feel about his pre-Christian experiences?

6. What else may have caused Paul concern? (See also footnote.)

7 He played weaknesses. Paul struggled with his weaknesses. (Read Romans 7:18, 19.) He admitted that although he wanted to do what was right, his imperfection sometimes made him do what was wrong. He realized that he needed to fight against wrong desires and struggle to do what was right in God's eyes. But Paul did not let this discourage his father. (1 Cor. 9:27) Imagine how painful it would be if he relapsed into the practices he was trying to avoid!

WHAT HELPED PAULO TO COPE WITH HIS FEELINGS

8 Paul's letters evidently reflect on how God's spirit can help him and his fellow Christians to fight and overcome wrong desires. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul repeatedly denounced the desires and practices that Christians must avoid in order to please Jehovah. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) No doubt Paul reflected on his own weaknesses, sought Scriptural guidance, and identified ways to overcome them. So we can be sure that he himself followed his advice to play to please God.

9 Despite his occasional discouragement, Paul maintained a positive outlook that often brought him joy. For example, he enjoys hearing good reports about the congregations. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) The friendships he enjoyed with his brothers also helped him to see

7. Why did Paul sometimes find it difficult to do what was right? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What did Paul do that helped him overcome his weaknesses?

9-10. When Paul’s father is discouraged, what helps him? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also picture.)

JANUARY

joy. (2 Tim. 1:4) And he knew that he was pleasing Jehovah. Yes, Paul found joy in serving God with “a clean conscience.” (2 Tim. 1:3) Even when Paul was imprisoned in Rome, he urged his fellow believers: “Rejoice in the Lord.” (Phil. 4:4) As you read Paul's words, you will see that he did not always allow his problems or weaknesses to overwhelm him. Clearly, even when negative thoughts come to his mind, he immediately distracts himself and focuses on the right things.

10 Another factor that helped Paul to maintain his joy was Christ's ransom. He reminds himself that Jehovah loved him and gave his Son in his behalf. (Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) This convinced him that Jehovah had forgiven him through Jesus Christ. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Despite his imperfections and past mistakes, Paul was able to render “sacred service to God” with joy.—Heb. 9:12-1

11 Perhaps we, like Paul, have some inner struggles. It may be that we play with certain thoughts, feelings, or actions that are displeasing to Jehovah. Like Paul, we may feel sorry for ourselves. Eliza,* a sister in her 20's, says: "It's encouraging to reflect on Paul's experiences. It's a great relief to know that I'm not alone. It also reminds me that Jehovah knows what his servants are going through. Like Paul, how can we maintain a clean conscience and be happy despite the occasional bout of negative emotions?

* Some names have been changed.

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

TIPS TO CONTROL DISTRESSING FEELINGS

The 12-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. Doing things that draw us closer to Jehovah will help us to keep our minds focused on the positive. These things can be compared to the things we do to stay healthy. For example, when we eat well, exercise regularly, and get enough sleep, we stay healthy. Similarly, when we regularly read God's Word, prepare for and attend Christian meetings, and share in the preaching work, we experience inner peace and happiness. These things strengthen us to avoid negative thoughts.—Rom. 12:11,

13 Consider John, who was diagnosed with terminal cancer at age At first, she was very scared and worried. He wondered, “How am I getting this terrible disease when I am not old enough?” At the time, he had a son who was only three years old. What helped John not to be constantly depressed? “Despite my tiredness,” she says, “I always make sure that we play as a family and do things that draw us closer to Jehovah. Looking back on all that he has experienced, John says: “When you are in difficult situations, it can be heartbreaking and sad.

14 Eliza, quoted earlier, says: “Every time I go to the meetings

The 12-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

13-1 How have some faithful Christians benefited from drawing close to Jehovah?

10 PROTECTION

Although Paul sometimes felt sad about his past, meditating on the ransom helped him to overcome those feelings (See paragraphs 9-10)

or when I am studying on my own, I am reminded that Jehovah loves me so much and listens to me. This makes me happy.” Nolan, a circuit overseer in Africa, relates what helped him and his wife, Diane. “We prayed, studied the Bible, and continued to attend meetings and go out in the ministry even when our father was discouraged,” she says. Jehovah also always helps us to be happy. We keep in mind that Jehovah will bless and help us; we don’t know exactly how, but we know it will.”

15 There are other things to do when your uncle is upset and sad. To illustrate: Imagine that you are having a heart attack. For some people, they want to walk every day to exercise. But to relieve the pain, you need to do more. It is a good idea to investigate the cause of your heartburn and consult a doctor. Similarly, to know how to cope with distressing emotions, we do well to do research in the Bible and Bible-based publications and to talk about playing out the situation with a mature Christian. There is also an important factor that can help us.

16 Pray to Jehovah to help you determine exactly what you need. King David recognized that Jehovah knew him well. He asked Jehovah to help him identify the causes of his “disquieting thoughts.” (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You too can pray to Jehovah to help you identify the causes of your anxieties and what you can do to gain peace of mind. You can ask a question

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. Make an example of a game.

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

JANUARY

in." - "Sister": N-ɔ-v-i-n-y-ɔ-n-u. - "we hit": m-í-e-ƒ-o. - "past": t-s-o-e v-a y-i. - "investigate Job": k-u n-u m-e t-s-o H-i-o-b ŋ-u. - "in his private study. l-e e-ƒ-e ŋ-o-k-u-i-s-i-n-u-s-ɔ-s-r-ɔ̃ m-e-. - "He said: “I passed": E-g-b-l-ɔ b-e-: “-M-e-t-o (opening double quote). - "hard": s-e-s-yes (tilde on e). - "many": g-e-d-e. - "time": ɣ-e-y-i-ɣ-i. - "one": ŋ-e-k-a. - "So I learned about Job. He went through a lot of hardships that" - "I learned": m-e-s-r-egg. - "He went through a lot of hardships and escaped" - ends mid-sentence at "escaped" because the paragraph continues on the next page (page 13). Now Questions at the bottom: Question 17:

17. What topics can you use for personal study so that you can focus on upbuilding things? (See also photo.) - "17. What topics can you use for self-study so that you can focus on upbuilding things? (See also photo.)" - "try": n-à-t-e. - "use": a-z-ã. - "to take": a-t-s-o. - "snake": a-w-o. - "self-study": de-hyphenated from "self-study-" / "learn". - "nature": n-a-n-o. -

greatly disappointed his father. Despite not knowing the cause of her suffering, she continued to rely on Jehovah for help.” (Job 42:1-6) Diane, quoted earlier, says: “My husband and I study the Draw Close to Jehovah book. We were thrilled to learn that just as a potter transforms clay into a pot, Jehovah is transforming us. When we play offenses to discourage our father, we remember that Jehovah is molding us and helping us to play up character. This strengthens us and draws us closer to him.”—Isa. 64:8

WE ARE CONFIDENT THAT JEHOVAH WILL HELP AND BLESS US

19 When we do our best to focus on personal study and apply the instructions we learn

The 19-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

despite this article, negative emotions can still plague us at times. But if that happens, we are confident that Jehovah will help us to distract ourselves and play with peace. This will make us happier for most of our lives because we are doing what pleases Jehovah and have a good relationship with him.

20 Let us be determined never to let problems, the past, or mistakes rob us of joy. Jehovah will help us to calm down when we are anxious. (Ps. 143:1

MARCH 16-22,

CHAPTER

You Give Your Beloved Son

THE PURPOSE

In this article, we will see how the ransom can make it possible for us to be forgiven of our sins, to be restored to perfection, and to have a closer relationship with Jehovah.

Why We Need the Ransom

“Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?”—ROM. 7:2

IMAGINE that a man is hit by a collapsed building. He is still alive, but he cannot get out of the broken walls himself. All he could do was scream and hope for rescue.

2 Each of us is in a similar situation. In what way? When Adam disobeyed his Creator, he became a sinner. We his descendants have inherited that sin. As a result, the whole human race became sinners. And like that man trapped under a broken wall, we cannot escape sin on our own. We needed to be helped. In his letter to the Romans, the apostle Paul described the effects of inherited sin. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) He pleaded with God to be rescued from “this body of death.” Paul realized that he could not escape the consequences of inherited sin, which would lead to death. (Rom. 6:23) The same is true of us. And we needed someone to save us!

3 After describing his plight, Paul lamented: “Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?” His next words give us hope. “Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord!” he said. (Rom. 7:25) Paul was referring to Jesus' ransom sacrifice

* DEFINITION: A ransom is the price paid to set someone free. Jesus' sacrifice was the ransom that he paid to free obedient mankind from sin and death.

1-2 From what do we need to be rescued, and why? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also picture.)

3. In what ways does the ransom benefit us?

14

Just as the man with the sword needed help, so our inherited sin requires that someone come to our rescue (See paragraphs 1-2)

from the source. The ransom makes possible (1) Jehovah's forgiveness of sins, (2) the hope of perfection, and (3) the possibility of an approved relationship with God. A consideration of these will deepen our love for Jehovah, “the God who gives hope.” (Rom. 15:13) It will enhance our appreciation for Jesus, “through whom [God] has freed us by means of the ransom.”—Col. 1:1

THE RANSOM MAKES JEHOVAH FORGIVEN OF OUR SINS

4 To receive forgiveness of sins, we need the ransom. Being imperfect, we all sin or make mistakes in our speech and actions. (Read Ecclesiastes 7:20.) Some sins are serious. For example, under the Mosaic Law, adultery or murder was punishable by death. (Leviticus 20:10; Numbers 35:30, 31) Some sins are not so serious; but sin laughs at sin. For example, the psalmist David said: “I will watch my steps that I may not sin with my tongue.” (Ps. 39:1) This means that even some of our words can be sinful.—Jas. 3:2

5 Think about what you have said and done in the past. Have you ever said something that you later regretted? Have you made a mistake that you later regretted? No doubt you would answer yes to those two questions. The Bible says: “If we make the statement: 'We have no sin,' we are misleading ourselves and the truth is not in us.”—1 John 3:1 1:8

6 Jehovah sent Jesus as a ransom to provide the basis for forgiveness of sins. (Eph. 1:7) However, this does not mean that Jehovah ignores our sins as if he were not interested in them. The point is, Jehovah is not pleased when we sin. (Isa. 59:2) As a God of justice, Jehovah needed to establish a basis for forgiveness.

7 The Mosaic Law required the Israelites to offer animal sacrifices to make atonement for themselves

4-5 Why do we all need the ransom? (Ecclesiastes 7:20)

6-7 On what basis does Jehovah forgive our sins? (See also the picture.)

JANUARY

for the sake of evil. (Leviticus 4:27-31; 17:11) Those sacrifices foreshadowed Jesus' greater sacrifice and the blessings it would bring. Jesus’ sacrifice is the legal basis for Jehovah to forgive our sins. Paul recognized the benefits of Jesus’ sacrifice, as shown in his letter to the Corinthian Christians. After mentioning the immoral practices they once indulged in, he says: “But you have been washed clean, but you have been sanctified, but you have been declared righteous in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and with the spirit of our God.”—1 Cor. 6:9-1

8 As you prepare for the Memorial this year, take time to reflect on how Jehovah's forgiveness has benefited you. For example, because of the ransom, you no longer have to feel guilty about past sins that you have repented of. What if you find it hard to believe that Jehovah has truly forgiven your past sins? Perhaps you have said to yourself,

8. As you prepare for this year’s Memorial, what can you think about?

“I know that Jehovah forgives, but I cannot forgive myself.” If you feel that way, remember that Jehovah is the only one who forgives sins, and he has empowered his Son to execute judgment. Jehovah has not given you or anyone else the responsibility to choose whom he will show mercy to or whom he will not. The Bible says: “If we are walking in the light as [Jehovah] himself is in the light, . . . the blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin.” (1 John 1:6, 7) This is as true of other Bible teachings as we are of other Bible teachings. The ransom is the legal basis for Jehovah's forgiveness of sins and, according to his Word, he is “ready to forgive.”—Ps. 86:5

THE RANSOM PROVIDES THE HOPE OF PERFECTION

9 In the Bible, the word “sin” refers to wrongdoing, as well as imperfection-

9. In the Bible, what does the word “sin” mean? (Psalm 51:5 and footnote)

The animal sacrifices that the Israelites offered to atone for their sins foreshadowed Jesus' ransom sacrifice and the blessings that would result from it

(See paragraphs 6-7)

16 PROTECTION

the country we inherited from pregnancy as well. (Read Psalm 51:5, footnote.) This condition in general can lead to wrong desires and sinful thoughts. Also our bodies are not as efficient as Jehovah wants them to be; we get sick, grow old and die. This explains why even innocent babies get sick and die. And we see why both bad people and good people suffer and die. All of Adam’s descendants have come to this sad state.

10 Consider the effects of sin on Adam and Eve. Sin has plagued them with negative emotions. As soon as they rebelled against God, their consciences began to torment them for not obeying the command of Jehovah. (Rom. 2:15) They immediately noticed a change. They felt the need to cover their nakedness, and they were hiding from their Creator. (Genesis 3:7, 8) For the first time, Adam and Eve felt guilty, anxious, insecure, hurt, and ashamed. Those feelings continued to afflict them until their death.—Genesis 3:16-1

Being imperfect, we too may at times feel guilty, ashamed, and anxious. And it is imperfection that causes us pain and suffering. No matter how hard we try to succeed in life, we will inevitably face problems that we cannot control. What is the reason? The Bible says that “the creation was subjected to futility.” (Rom. 8:20) The same is true of us as individuals and of mankind as a whole. Consider, for example, the efforts of humans to care for the earth, to combat crime, to eradicate poverty, and to promote international peace. Despite all these efforts, to no avail. How does the ransom free us from inherited sin?

12 The ransom opens the way for us to have the hope that “the creation itself also will be set free from enslavement to corruption.” (Rom. 8:21) This means that in perfection, we will be free from sickness and pain. We will not feel guilty or ashamed, and we will not worry. Also, the “Prince of Peace,” Jesus Christ, who paid the ransom for us, will rule. It will help mankind to solve all their problems.—Isa. 9:6,

13 Imagine what life will be like when you are perfect. Every morning you wake up feeling healthy, without worrying about not having enough to eat for yourself or your loved ones, and without worrying about getting sick or dying. Even now, you can find a measure of satisfaction if you continue to hold fast to “the hope that is as an anchor for the soul, both sure and firm.” (Heb. 6:18, 19) Just as an anchor keeps a ship secure, so your hope can strengthen your faith and help you to endure whatever comes your way. Yes, you can be sure that Jehovah will reward “those earnestly seeking him.”

10. How did sin affect Adam and Eve?

11. How does our imperfection affect us?

12. What hope does the ransom offer?

13. What else might you consider as you prepare for this year’s Memorial?

JANUARY

Jesus' death is the only legal basis for us to be approached by Jehovah (See paragraph 16)

(Heb. 11:6) The ransom gives us comfort now and a hope for the future.

THE RANSOM MAKES HUMANS CLOSE TO GOD

14 Ever since Adam and Eve sinned, humans have lost their relationship with God. The Bible even says that sin alienated humans from their Creator. (Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because Jehovah is perfect and does not condone sin. The Bible says of Jehovah: “You are too pure in eyes to see what is bad, and you cannot look on what is bad.” (Hab. 1:13) Sin has become like a massive wall between humans and God. We cannot have a good relationship with Jehovah unless that wall is built. The ransom became the barrier, making it possible for us to draw close to Jehovah.

15 The Bible says that Jesus is “the propitiatory sacrifice for our sins.” (1 John 2:2) In what way does Jesus’ ransom sacrifice reconcile us to Jehovah? We must know that Jesus’ death was in no way pleasing to Jehovah. Yet, as a righteous judge of sin, Jehovah needed something on which to restore his relationship with mankind, and the ransom satisfied that need. (Rom. 3:23-26) Jehovah was able to declare righteous even those who lived before Jesus died. (Genesis 15:1, 6) How was this possible? Jehovah did this on the basis of the ransom. Jehovah was confident that his Son would pay the ransom. (Isa. 46:10) The ransom opened the way for humans to become reconciled to God.

16 Think of the benefits you have received from cultivating a close relationship with God. For example, you can address Jehovah as “Father,” as Jesus taught us. (Matt. 6:9) Sometimes you can even call Jehovah “My Friend.” Addressing Jehovah as “Father” or “Friend” should be done with humility and deep respect. What

14. How did sin damage our relationship with our Creator, and why?

15. What need did the ransom satisfy, and with what result?

16. What else might you consider as you prepare to attend the Memorial? (See also the picture.)

18 PROTECTION

tae? Because as sinners, we did not come into a relationship with Jehovah on our own. The ransom made this possible. Through Jesus, Jehovah “made peace through the blood he shed on the torture stake.” (Col. 1:19, 20) That is why, despite our imperfection, we can become Jehovah's friends.

THE RANSOM IS A SHOW OF JEHOVAH'S MERCY

17 The ransom proves that Jehovah is “abundant in loving-kindness.” “Though we were dead in transgressions, he quickened us.” (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Like that man trapped inside a broken wall, humble people recognize that they are under the power of sin and need someone to rescue them. These people plead earnestly for help. (Acts 13:48) By means of the good news of the Kingdom, Jehovah is helping them to come to know him and his Son.

17. How does the ransom reflect Jehovah’s mercy? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

(John 17:3) If Satan thought that the rebellion of Adam and Eve would thwart God's purposes, he did.

18 As we meditate on how the ransom can benefit us, we do well to keep in mind Jehovah's provision of the ransom. We should not think that Jehovah did this just for our benefit, but we should remember that by means of the ransom, Jehovah answered the issue that Satan raised in the garden of Eden. (Genesis 3:1-5, 15) By means of the ransom, Jehovah gave the answer to Satan's accusations. He also provided the ransom to save us from sin and death as a proof of his great love for us. Despite our sinful state, Jehovah has mercifully given us the opportunity to prove Satan wrong. (Prov. 27:11) How can you show that you appreciate the ransom? We will find the answer in the next article.

18. What is the most important factor in the ransom?

HOW DOES THE RANSOM . . . . . . . .

■ Can Jehovah forgive our sins?

■ hope for perfection?

■ can humans be close to God?

CHAPTER

The Master's Supper

MARCH 23-29,

SONGS 18 Thanksgiving

PURPOSE This article will help all of us to show our appreciation for the ransom.

How Can You Show That You Appreciate the Ransom?

“The love the Christ has compels us.”—2 COR. 5:1

IF YOU were hit by a broken wall and someone came to your rescue, wouldn’t you be grateful? You will surely thank him to show your appreciation, even if you are not the only one who was saved.

2 As we saw in the previous article, we cannot free ourselves from inherited sin. However, Jesus' ransom sacrifice can save us because it opens up (1) the forgiveness of our sins, (2) the hope of perfection, and (3) an intimacy with God. The ransom gives us the hope of everlasting life in Jehovah's promised new world. True, Jesus loved humans before he came to earth, but his sacrifice was the greatest proof of his love for us. (Prov. 8:30, 31) “The love the Christ has compels us,” said the apostle Paul. (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) This means that we must continue to show our appreciation for Jesus' love and never forget what he did for us.

3 How can you show your appreciation for the ransom? Your answer to this question may be different from someone else’s. To illustrate: Imagine that three people are traveling to the same destination, but they come from different places. There are several routes to get to the site. In the same way, each of us will have different ways of showing appreciation for the ransom. Because this depends on his relationship with Jehovah. For this reason, the word-

1-2 What should Jesus’ ransom sacrifice move us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also picture.)

3. Why might the way we show appreciation for the ransom vary?

20

If someone comes to rescue you from under the rubble, you will definitely thank him for saving your life. Is it not even more important, though, to show Jehovah and Jesus that we appreciate their deliverance from sin and death? (See paragraphs 1-2)

this chapter will help us to see how these various individuals can show their appreciation for the ransom: (1) Bible students, (2) baptized Christians, and (3) those who have stopped serving Jehovah.

BIBLE STUDENTS

4 If you are a Bible student, think about this: Your willingness to learn about Jehovah means that you are being drawn by him into a close relationship with him. (John 6:44; Acts 13:48) “Jehovah is the examiner of hearts.” So he knows your efforts to serve him, and he is pleased to see the changes you are making to live by what you are learning. (Prov. 17:3; 27:11) The ransom is the means by which you can have a close relationship with Jehovah. (Rom. 5:10, 11) Never forget this.

5 If you are a Bible student, how can you show that you appreciate the ransom? One way is to follow the apostle Paul’s counsel to the Philippians. “No matter how far we have progressed, let us proceed straight forward in order in the same way,” he said. (Phil. 3:16) This means that you should not allow anything to slow you down on the road to life.—Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:6

6 What if you find it hard to believe a Bible teaching that you have recently learned? Research that teaching and pray to Jehovah to help you understand it. (Ps. 86:11) If you are still having difficulty, you can distract yourself for a while, but that does not mean that you should stop studying the Bible. What if you are struggling to break free from a practice that Jehovah hates? Remember, Jehovah will not ask more of us than we can give. It is possible to live up to his standards. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) Jehovah himself promises to help you. (Isa. 41:10, 13; 1 Cor. 10:13) So do not give up. Instead of focusing on the problems, focus on all that Jehovah is doing for you, especially how he has provided

4. How does Jehovah view Bible students?

5. How can Bible students apply the counsel found at Philippians 3:16?

6. What can Bible students do if they are having difficulty making changes? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also photo.)

JANUARY

Jehovah will never ask more of us than we can give. He will help us to do what pleases him (See paragraph 6)

His Son died for you. As your love for Jehovah grows, you will come to realize that “his commandments are not burdensome.”—1 John 5:3 5:3.*

7 What about you young ones who are being raised in the truth by Witness parents? You are Bible students too. In fact, you are your parents’ most important Bible students. “Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you,” says the Bible. (Jas. 4:8; 1 Chron. 28:9) If you cultivate friendship with Jehovah, he will draw close to you. Jehovah doesn’t just view you as a social figure. He draws everyone to himself, including those who have been born into the truth. What is the barrier to becoming Jehovah’s friend? Tafeae. It is a precious gift that you should not-

* To help you apply what you are learning from the Bible, see the “You Would Like It” box in Enjoy Life Forever! book uses the end of each lesson.

7. What can young people who are born into the truth reflect on?

never forget. (Rom. 5:1, 2) So before you make this Memorial observance, why not consider what Jesus' death means for you? Let this move you to look at your life and set goals that show your appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you.*

BAPTIZED CHRISTIANS

8 If you are a baptized Christian, you have already demonstrated in many ways that you believe in the ransom. For example, you have taken steps to draw closer to Jehovah and are living in harmony with his standards. You are obeying Jesus’ command to preach the good news and to teach others about Jehovah and Jesus. You dedicated yourself to Jehovah and got baptized. Are you opposed to serving Jehovah? (2 Tim. 3:12) Your faithful endurance is an expression of your love for Jehovah and your appreciation for his Son's ransom sacrifice.—Heb. 12:2,

9 There is a need for the already baptized to be vigilant. What is the reason? Because it is possible that as time goes on, our appreciation for the ransom will diminish. Consider the first-century Christians in Ephesus. The resurrected Jesus commended them for their endurance. Yet, he tells them: “I hold this against you, that you have left the love you had at first.” (Rev. 2:3, 4) Jesus' words mean

* For advice on drawing closer to Jehovah, see the article “Young Ones—‘Keep On Playing for Salvation’ ” in the December 2017 issue of The Watchtower.

8. How did baptized Christians show appreciation for the ransom?

9. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

22 PROTECTION

do not be discouraged, and do not conclude that God's spirit is no longer upon you. Remember what the apostle Paul said to the Corinthians..." Each block preceded by `

`. Now let's analyze Interpretation 2: What if the question section is a box at the bottom, and the image is a box at the top right, and the main text is two columns? Wait, if my text is two columns, how does column 1 finish before column 2? Paragraph 11 starts in column 1 and ends in column 2! If you finish column 1 before column 2, you CANNOT join paragraph 11 without taking text from column 2 and putting it into column 1, OR taking text from column 1 and putting it into column 2! Wait, if you joined paragraph 11, where would it be? In column 1? But half of it is in column 2! In column 2? But half of it is in column 1! AND what would happen to Questions 10 and Questions 11-12? If you put them after Paragraph 11, you have jumped from Column 2 back to Column 1! That would NOT be "respect columns: finish one before the next"! "respect columns: finish one before the next" literally means: Finish the FIRST column, THEN go to the NEXT column! YES! That is the EXACT definition of: "respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next"! Let's re-read the exact words: "(respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)" Look at the phrasing: "finish one before the next"! "finish one [column] before the next [column]"! Finish column 1 before column 2! This phrasing was written specifically to prevent models from jumping across columns or re-ordering text across columns! When a paragraph splits across columns, in column-by-column extraction, each column's text block is output in that column! Wait, or does an OCR engine that does column reading order join paragraphs across columns? Wait! In standard OCR (Tesseract, Abbyy FineReader, Google Cloud Vision, Azure Read API): When Azure Read API or Google Cloud Vision processes a multi-column page: It extracts Column 1 top-to-bottom, then Column 2 top-to-bottom! In their output: Column 1: Block 1: Christian… Block 2: 10 Apostle… Block 3: 11 If you hear… Block 4: 10. How… 11-12. If it happens... Column 2: Block 5: Caption Block 6: ye up... Block 7: 12 Yesterday

Ask yourself, 'What steps can I take now to “set things straight with Jehovah?”' (See paragraph 16)

Download JW.ORG

you are.” So from day to day, we have to reflect on how we are living our lives. For example, you might ask yourself: 'Do I put Kingdom interests first in my life?' (Matt. 6:33) 'Does my entertainment show that I hate what is bad?' 4:2, 3) These are fitting reflections during the Memorial season. Because it gives us the opportunity to reflect on what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us and to show gratitude and live for Christ, not for ourselves.*

THOSE WHO HAVE LEFT THE SERVICE OF JEHOVAH

14 Some of our brothers who have been faithfully serving Jehovah for decades have stopped attending meetings. What is the reason? Some of them are plagued by ‘life anxieties’. (Luke 21:34) In others

* To learn how you can maintain your appreciation for the ransom, see the article “What Motivates You to Serve God?” which appeared in the June 15, 1995 issue of The Watchtower.

14. Why did some Christians stop associating with the congregation?

in the case of a brother's conduct. (Jas. 3:2) Some have committed serious sins but are embarrassed to ask for help. In any case, what can help you to reunite with the Jehovah’s Witnesses? What will the ransom and the love of Jehovah and Jesus move you to do?

15 Consider how Jehovah feels about those who have strayed from him. He was not angry with them, nor did he forget them. Instead, he searches for his lost sheep. He helps them come back to him and nurtures them. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Could Jehovah be doing something similar for you? Yes, he is doing it! As you read this article, it means that your heart is still attached to Jehovah. Just as Jehovah saw something good in you and drew you to the truth, would he not also see something good in you now and is trying to lead you back to him?

16 Consider the encouragement found in the Return to Jehovah brochure:

15. How does Jehovah show that he cares for his straying sheep? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (See also photo.)

24 PROTECTION

you were confident that Jehovah would take you with both hands when you returned to him. It will help you cope with life’s anxieties, find comfort from your heartache, and experience the satisfaction that comes from serving God with a clean conscience. Then you will be able to serve Jehovah with other worshipers again.” Remember, too, that the elders are eager to help you. They will be “a hiding place from the wind and a place of concealment from the rainstorm” for you. (Isa. 32:2) No doubt you deeply appreciate the ransom and want to thank Jehovah for it. So ask yourself, 'What steps can I take now to “set things straight with Jehovah”?' If you do, why not approach an elder and let him know that you would like to be helped to return to Jehovah? The elders may arrange for a brother to study the Bible with you for a period of time. Be assured that Jehovah will bless all your efforts to return to him and show your appreciation for the ransom.

WHAT WOULD YOU DO?

17 Jesus said that Jehovah sent him to give his life as a ransom “that everyone exercising faith in [him] might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.” (John 3:16) The ransom is Jehovah's means to deliver us from sin and death. We all need to continue to appreciate the ransom. (Rom. 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) So in the days leading up to the Memorial, take time to meditate on the love that Jehovah and Jesus have shown you, and this will move you to show your appreciation.

18. How can you show that you appreciate the ransom? Your answer to this question may be different for someone else, of course. In any case, be assured that Jehovah will bless you as you strive to be like the millions of his servants who “live no longer for themselves, but for him who died for them.”—2 Cor. 5:1

17-1 How can you make the most of your time in the days leading up to the Memorial?

HOW CAN THESE SHOW THAT THEY APPRECIATE THE RANSOM?

■ Bible students

■ Baptized Christians

■ Those who have stopped serving Jehovah

SONGS 14 Praise the New King of the Earth

MARCH 30–APRIL 5, 2026

HADZIDZI 76

Are You Not Happy?

THE PURPOSE

This article will help you learn how to present the Bible truth more effectively.

Speak Bible Truth Loudly

“Jehovah is the God of truth.”—PS. 31:5

“HOW did you find the truth?” We often ask a similar question when we first meet a servant of Jehovah. Some answer that their parents “raised them in the truth.” Others say they have only recently “received the truth.” We answer this question in these ways because we allow the truth of God’s Word to influence our whole life. What is the reason? Because we know that to belong to Jehovah’s family, we must love the truth and live by it. This requires that we be truthful in our speech and actions.—Ps. 15:1-3

2 Jesus always spoke the truth. Even those who did not like Jesus said that he was lying even if people did not like what he said. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus let his followers know how people would respond to the truth he taught. “I came to cause division, with a man against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a young wife against her mother-in-law,” he said. (Matt. 10:35) Jesus did not want people to oppose the truth that he and his followers taught. (Matt. 23:37) He knew that the truth would divide people into two groups; some will love Bible truth, others will hate it.—2 Thess. 2:9-1

3 We too strive to imitate Jesus by being honest and truthful at all times, even when doing so is costly

The 1.5-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

2. (a) What is the common knowledge of Jesus? (b) How did people react to the truth about God that Jesus taught?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

26

some may not even like us. And we preach and teach Bible truth despite the opposition of some. Does this mean that we should simply preach the good news without thinking about how and when? No, it doesn’t mean that at all! In this article, we will answer the question: Where can we find the truth? Then we will also answer these questions: What should motivate us to tell the truth? How should we tell the truth? And when is it appropriate to tell the truth? The answers to these questions will help us to improve our teaching of the truth. It will help us to be more cautious in our speech and to know the right time to speak.

WHERE CAN WE FIND THE TRUTH?

4 Jehovah is the Source of truth. Everything he said was true. For example, his statements about right and wrong are true. (Ps. 19:9; 119:142, 151) Whatever he says will happen. (Isa. 55:10, 11) He never breaks his promises. (Numbers 23:19) The point is, Jehovah cannot lie! (Heb. 6:18) No wonder the Bible describes Jehovah as “the God of truth”!—Ps. 31:5

5 Some people think that it is impossible to know Jehovah, “the true God.” But they were pregnant. There are many proofs of his existence all around us. (Rom. 1:20) Speaking to Greek intellectuals in Athens, the apostle Paul said that God wants us to “find him,” and that “he is not far off from each one of us.” 6:4

6 Studying the Bible is one of the ways to find Jehovah. The Bible was inspired by God. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) So everything in it is true and completely reliable. For example, we can trust the Bible's account of the origin of the universe and the beginning of life on earth. (Genesis 1:1, 26) We can trust what he says about why we are sinners and why there is so much suffering and death in the world. (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) The Bible assures us that Jehovah will use his Son to undo all the damage done by Satan, “the father of the lie.” (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) From the Bible, we also learn that Jesus will destroy the wicked, resurrect the dead, restore the earth to Paradise, and restore us to perfection. This is also a fact we believe. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) What a privilege that is! He has introduced us to the truth and has given us the opportunity to teach it to others.—Matt. 28:19,

WHAT COMES WE SAY THE TRUTH

7 As mentioned earlier, if you want to be part of Jehovah’s family, you must always tell the truth. However, to please Jehovah

4. Why can we say that truth comes from Jehovah?

5. Why is it not difficult to find “the true God”? Explain it. (Acts 17:27)

6. What are the truths of the Bible, and why do you enjoy knowing those truths?

7-8 Does it matter what drives us to tell the truth? Make an example of it. (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also photos.)

JANUARY

Why do you teach the truth, and who do you give the credit for?

(See paragraphs 7-8)

we need to do more than just be honest. Why we tell the truth matters to Jehovah. Consider an incident that took place during Jesus' earthly ministry. (Read Mark 3:11, 12.) One day, while Jesus was preaching near the Sea of ​​Galilee, a large crowd gathered around him. There were some in the crowd who were demon-possessed. They came and knelt before Jesus, crying out: “You are the Son of God.” Why did those demons say this truth about Jesus? Their goal is likely to win the confidence of the listening crowd so as to turn their hearts away from serving Jehovah. What the demons said was true, but with evil intent. Their actions did not deceive or please Jesus. In fact, Jesus immediately rebuked those demons for not preaching about him.

8 What can we learn from this incident? That is, why we tell the truth matters to Jehovah. How vital, then, that we be motivated by love for Jehovah to teach the truth and give him glory!—Matt. 5:16; compare Acts 14:12-1

9 Consider another trait that we need to guard against. Suppose an elder trusts you and confides in you, and you go and share it with others. When the people you tell find out the truth, they may be surprised and think you are not ordinary at all, because you know a lot of secrets. This may earn you respect, but it will not endear you to Jehovah. (Prov. 11:13) Why? While what you told people was true, it was completely wrong to reveal a secret, and the reason you gave it was wrong.

The 9.0-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

28 PROTECTION

HOW TO TELL THE TRUTH

10 Read Colossians 4:6 The apostle Paul admonished Christians in Colossae to let their “words always be gracious.” What does this mean? The Greek word here translated means that we should play with words for the benefit of others. But that’s not all. It should be understandable, and we should say it in love.

11 When teaching the truth, we need to follow Paul’s counsel to use gracious speech. The Bible itself likens the truth to a sharp sword that can divide the soul from the spirit. In other words, it can reveal our emotions and motivation. (Heb. 4:12) However, if we do not use the Bible skillfully, we could become unnecessarily critical, even contentious. How could this be possible?

12 Picture this scenario: Imagine that you are out in the ministry and meet a man who prays to idols and who enjoys celebrating Christmas and Easter with his wife. What would you do? Would you read scriptures to show that it is unwise to worship something inanimate and that Christmas and Easter are pagan holidays? (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) If you do this on the first visit, you may have told the person only the truth, but you have not used God's Word skillfully.

13 Paul also counsels us to have salt in our speech. His words do not mean that we should cover up or hide the truth. To be ‘smooth’ when teaching the truth, we need to be concise

10. What does it mean to ‘play with your words’? (Colossians 4:6)

11-1 Why should we pay attention to how we teach the truth? Make an example of a game. (See also photos.)

13. How to keep salt in our game?

How can you teach the truth tactfully?

(See paragraphs 11-12)

Imitate Jesus by knowing what you need to teach and when

(See paragraph 15)

people and enjoy it. (Job 12:11) This can be difficult at times. For example, in the case of real food, we may feel that what we enjoy will be enjoyed by others. Similarly, we can assume that everyone understands how we smile. But it is not at all. For example, in some places people go straight to the point when expressing their opinions, even when they are talking to someone older than they are. Elsewhere, however, such speech may be uncomfortable, even offensive. Paul says that we need to know how to “give an answer to everyone.” This means adapting our words to the ears of those who are listening to us, not to ourselves.

TIME TO TELL THE TRUTH

14 Every time Jesus spoke to his followers, he used plain language and taught them from the heart. (Mark 6:34) Still, there was much for his followers to learn. Jesus did not try to teach them everything he knew. He knows their limitations. And he also knew that this was not the right time to know some facts. He even told them that there were truths that he could not give them now. (John 16:12) What do we learn from this?

15 Jesus' example shows that we should not teach all the truths we know at once. How can we follow Jesus’ example? We have to be considerate of people’s circumstances. Think again of that man who enjoys Christmas and Easter with his family. We know that those holidays have pagan origins and are not approved by God. But suppose you start a Bible study with the man for a week-

14. When Jesus was on earth, did he try to teach his disciples everything he knew? Explain it.

15. Should we teach our Bible students everything we know at once? Explain it. (Proverbs 25:11) (See also photo.)

30 PROTECTION

a haircut or two before Christmas.

Would it be polite to show him what the Bible says about holidays that have pagan origins and expect him to stop celebrating Christmas right away? Of course, some students may immediately act on what they learn from the Bible and stop eating. But it takes time for others to adjust their thinking and actions. Therefore, the key to helping our Bible students make the necessary changes is to teach them what they need to know at the right time. The right time is the right time to take it.—Read Proverbs 25:1

16 One of the most satisfying things in life is to help others learn the truth about Jehovah. To help them “go on walking in the truth,” we need to:

16. How can we help our students to “go on walking in the truth”?

First, we will continue to set a good example. (3 John 3, 4) Second, we will make sure that our life course reflects our confidence in the promises found in God's Word. Third, we will be reasonable in our communication. Fourth, we will speak graciously, graciously, and respectfully, and we will speak the truth at the right time. Also, all the credit should go to Jehovah. The 100% cotton fabric is 100% cotton and is 100% cotton fabric.

CONTENTS Page 29: In photo gb

PROTECTION

ANNOUNCING THE KINGDOM OF JEHOVAH

January 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 1 EWE

IN THIS FATHER

Study Article for March 2-8 | 2

Keep Satisfying Your “Spiritual Need.”

Study Article for March 9-15 | 8

You Can Control Your Emotions

Study Article for March 16-22 | 14

Why We Need the Ransom

Study Article for March 23-29 | 20

How Can You Show That You Appreciate the Ransom?

Study Article for March 30–April 5 | 26

Speak Bible Truth Loudly

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

TRY THIS

Picture the Bible Scenes

The Bible contains many instructive examples for us. The more we visualize these events, the better we will understand them and the more we will benefit from them. Here are some things that can help you visualize Bible scenes.

• Read aloud. Reading the Bible aloud will give you a clear picture of the events. Reading the Bible together as a family and reading the roles of the Bible characters will help you to visualize the scene better.

• Imagine the reaction. Try to see how the characters think and feel. For example, ask yourself: ‘Why did the person pick up or act that way? If I were in that situation, how would I think or feel?'

• Print things. Drawing Bible accounts will help you visualize and remember things easily, even if you are not an experienced artist.

Open the jw.org website, or download the QR code

JW.ORG ®

w26.01-EW