JUNE 2026

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

INFORMATION FROM: AUGUST 10–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

PSALM 122 Stand Firm, Do Not Be Crushed!

WHAT WE WILL LEARN We can remain faithful to Jehovah no matter what trials we may face.

What Can We Do to Remain Faithful in the Face of Trials?

“Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life.” —JOH. 6:68.

ONE day Jesus is teaching some of his disciples in Capernaum. After teaching them to a certain extent, he told them: “Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in yourselves. Whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood has life, and I will resurrect him on the last day.” (John 6:53, 54) Many of his disciples did not like what he said. They said: “This speech is shocking; who can listen to it?”—John 6:64. 6:60.

2 The disciples did not like what Jesus said and stopped following him. Did they have no faith in him then? The day before, Jesus had performed a miracle that amazed his disciples, saying: “This is for a certainty the Prophet that was to come into the world.” (John 6:14) This means that they put faith in Jesus. But when Jesus said something they did not understand, they stopped following him.

3 However, Jesus' apostles reacted differently. When Jesus asked them if they too wanted to stop following him, Peter replied: “Lord,

1-2. What happens one day when Jesus is teaching in Capernaum?

3. How did Jesus' apostles react to his words? And why did they do that? (See also photo.)

2

Many of Jesus’ disciples abandoned him, but Peter and the other apostles did not (See verse 3)

to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life. And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son of the living God. (John 6:68, 69) Peter and the other apostles may not have understood what Jesus meant when he said that they should eat his flesh and drink his blood. However, they did not stop following him. Why? Because they firmly believed that Jesus was “the Christ, the one sent forth by God.”—Luke 9:20, 35.

4 We may face situations that test our loyalty to Jehovah. One situation is when Jehovah's organization adjusts our understanding of a scripture or the way we preach the good news. Another is when we are beset by tragedy and do not understand why Jehovah has allowed it to happen to us. Another situation is when someone we love has done something that hurts us, or when we feel that someone we respect has treated us unfairly.

5 When we are under trial, we need to have strong faith in Jehovah to help us remain faithful to him. For example, if we are building a house in an earthquake-prone area, we must make sure that the foundation is well secured. Similarly, when we face difficult situations, such as those mentioned in paragraph 4, we must have strong faith in Jehovah in order to remain faithful to him. Therefore, we must continue to strengthen our faith in Jehovah so that we can continue to serve him come what may.—1 Cor. 15:58; read Colossians 1:23.

6 What helped Jesus' apostles to continue following him when many of his disciples stopped following him

4. What situations might we face that test our loyalty to Jehovah?

5. Why must we continue to strengthen our faith in Jehovah? Explain with an example. (Colossians 1:23)

6. What helped Jesus' apostles to continue following him?

JUNE 2026

3

his follow-up? They firmly believed three truths. They are, Jehovah is worthy of worship, for he created all things. Second, Jesus is the Son of God, and he is said to have “sayings of everlasting life.” Finally, Jehovah was strongly supporting Jesus. We have learned some things about Jehovah that can help us to remain faithful to him even when we are undergoing trials. They are: (1) Jehovah is the Creator of all things. (2) Jehovah's words found in the Bible. (3) Jehovah's Witnesses are the people Jehovah is using today. If we believe these truths with all our heart, we will remain faithful to Jehovah no matter what happens.

JEHOVAH IS THE CREATOR OF ALL THINGS

7 Read Revelation 4:11. This scripture shows that Jehovah is the Creator of all things. This is one of the most important reasons why we should worship him. Meditating on his power strengthens our faith that he can sustain us even in the most difficult situations. However, Satan has spread lies throughout the world that cast doubt on God's existence. Some scientists have even argued that the universe was not created by someone. If we do not believe with all our heart that Jehovah created all things and that he loves us, then when we face a difficult situation, it is easy to doubt that God exists and that he will help us.—Heb. 11:6.

8 If you begin to doubt that Jehovah created all things, you need to act decisively. Do research in our publications to see why you can believe that Jehovah created all things. Stories in Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking can strengthen your conviction that Jehovah created all things. Other facts that will strengthen your conviction that Jehovah created all things

7. What does Revelation 4:11 reveal? But what can happen when we are faced with a difficult situation?

8-9. If you begin to doubt that Jehovah created all things, what should you do? (See also picture.)

Maybe, you’ve read Was Life Created? brochure, but if possible, read it again (See paragraph 8)

Nebula: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; fish and car: Mercedes-Benz USA; plane: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

all have articles and videos entitled “Did Someone Make It?” on jw.org. Jessica, a young sister in the United States, says: “When I read the brochure The Origin of Life, it became very clear to me that there is a Creator. Another book that many have benefited from reading is Is There a Creator Who Cares About You? You may have read these articles and books before, but if possible, read them again.

9 This week, during your personal study, you can learn things that will strengthen your faith in God. Doing so will strengthen your faith in him and help you to get to know him better. (Rom. 1:20) You can also use what you learn to help others who have doubts about God's existence. The point of all these accounts is this: Jehovah has made his existence evident through the things he has made.

JEHOVAH'S WORDS IN THE BIBLE

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. Jehovah had the Bible written for humans. The Bible helps us to find answers to life's big questions. These include: How did plants, animals, and humans come into existence? Why are we here? And what does God want us to do? We believe that the Bible is from Jehovah. It is therefore the most important book in our lives. When we read a passage in the Bible, we need to understand and apply what we read.

10. Why is the Bible the most important book in our life? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11 What convinces us that Jehovah's words found in the Bible are true? For many reasons. Here are some. The legends are true. (Luke 3:1, 2) Moreover, what he says about creation is true. (Job 26:7) Despite Satan's efforts to destroy the Bible, it is still the most widely translated and printed book in history. The books of the Bible were written by some 40 different men over a period of some 1,600 years. After all, none of the books contradict each other. Although the Bible is ancient, its advice is timeless, and it is helping millions of people today. (Prov. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) Many Bible prophecies have come true, and that is another reason why we can trust what they say. (Josh. 23:14) For these and other reasons, we are convinced that God's words, the Bible, are true!

12 If we begin to doubt that the Bible is true to God, what should we do? We should pray to Jehovah about our feelings and ask for his help. Then we have to do some research. Consider the comments of a young man named Jordan, who was raised in the congregation: “I don't just believe what someone tells me, no matter who it is. Before I believe something, I want to see if it's true. When that happens, I check with the congregation

11. What convinces you that the Bible is God's Word?

12. If our mind begins to doubt the truthfulness of the Bible, what should we do?

JUNE 2026

5

The love and unity that exist among us is a wonderful thing that Jehovah has done (See paragraph 16)

books to keep my mind sharp.” Our faith will be strengthened if we continue to meditate on why we believe that the Bible is God's Word.—1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

JEHOVAH'S WITNESSES ARE THE PEOPLE WHO JEHOVAH IS USING TODAY

13 If we begin to doubt that Jehovah's Witnesses are the ones he is using today, we should act decisively. For example, we might ask ourselves such questions as: 'Who are trying to apply what the Bible says? Who base all their beliefs on the Bible?’ (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) ‘Who are doing Jehovah’s will today?’​—Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 God wants everyone to hear the good news before he brings an end to this wicked system. Hence, we might ask, ‘Who are preaching the good news today?’ (Matt. 24:14) Clearly, Jehovah is using his Witnesses to do this. Jehovah's Witnesses are the only ones preaching the good news of God's Kingdom in more than 240 lands. We have been doing this work for over 100 years. Indeed, the preaching and disciple-making work is our most important work.​—Matt. 28:19, 20.

15 Read Isaiah 43:10 and Matthew 6:9. We are called Jehovah's Witnesses, and it is a great privilege to bear God's name. Today, many people do not know that God's name is Jehovah. But we have made great efforts to translate the Bible into many languages, using God's name wherever it appears. God's name appears some 7,000 times in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. Today, many people are divided and hate one another. But we, Jehovah's people, are different

13. If we begin to doubt that Jehovah's Witnesses are being used by Jehovah today, what should we do?

14. How is Jehovah using his Witnesses to fulfill the prophecy recorded at Matthew 24:14?

15. How do Jehovah's Witnesses sanctify God's name? (Isaiah 43:10; Matthew 6:9)

16. What shows that Jehovah's Witnesses are obeying the command recorded at John 13:34, 35? (See also picture.)

6 THE WATCHTOWER

absolutely. We love each other and we are united. We live in different countries and have different circumstances, but we still try to be peaceable and love one another. For example, have you ever traveled and thus had to attend a congregation meeting elsewhere? If so, you have likely noticed that the brothers and sisters are united and love one another no matter where they live. This clearly shows that Jehovah is using his Witnesses today to accomplish his purpose. Remembering that Jehovah is with us will help us to remain faithful to him no matter what happens.

DO NOT LEAVE JEHOVAH'S KINGS

17 Because we are living in the last days, we will face difficult situations. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) And there may be other things that cause us anxiety. For example, the congregation may give direction that we do not fully understand. Or a brother may do something that upsets us. We may not know how to handle our problems, or we may still not understand why the organization has given certain direction.

18 Although these matters may be distressing, we can remain faithful to Jehovah. Why? Because we know that he created all things, that his words are found in the Bible, and that Jehovah's Witnesses are his people. Therefore, as Peter said to Jesus, we can say to Jehovah: “To whom shall we go? You have sayings of everlasting life.”

17-18. What difficult situations might we face? But what can we say for sure?

WHAT WE SEE IN THE PICTURE Page 6: A mother and her young daughter travel by bus. They were happy to see some brothers preaching.

HOW CAN THESE THREE TRUTHS HELP US WHEN WE FACE DIFFICULT SITUATIONS?

■ Jehovah created all things

■ God's words found in the Bible

■ Jehovah's Witnesses are the people Jehovah is using today

PSALM 123

Submit to Theocratic Direction

AUGUST 17-23, 2026

How to Maintain Friendship With Our Brothers

“Clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, lowliness of mind, mildness, and long-suffering.”​—COL. 3:12.

PSALM 90 Encourage One Another



“NO matter where we live in Satan's world, we will have problems. God has given us friends who will strengthen us.” These words are found in another of the congregation's songs, entitled “Good Friends.” No doubt you feel the same way. What a blessing it is to have good friends among God's people! (Psalm 119:63) We are part of a loving family of worshipers of Jehovah.

2 We want to be close friends with our brothers and sisters, not just get to know them. We are part of a family that loves Jehovah and Jesus, and this unites us. (John 13:35) But close friendships are not merely a matter of chance. Instead, we try to do things that will make us close friends. Because we are imperfect, however, we sometimes face challenges that can damage our friendships.

3 Of course, we like to associate with some brothers and sisters more than others. Why? Because they may enjoy the same things or act like us. But there are some brothers and sisters with whom we find it difficult to be close friends. Why? Sometimes we disagree with them on certain matters, and that makes it difficult for us to be close to them. They may react differently than we do. So when we meet them, we don't get along well with them. At times, our friendship may be affected when a close friend suffers a serious illness or is depressed. Jesus faced such challenges, but he was able to make friends with people.

1. Where can we find good friends? 2. How would we like to treat our brothers? 3. Why is it not easy to cultivate close friendships with our brothers?

8

quilt. In this article, we will learn how we can imitate Jesus and stay close to our brothers no matter what challenges we may face. First, though, we will consider qualities that will help us to draw closer to our brothers.

GOOD CHARACTERISTICS WILL MAKE OUR FRIENDSHIP LAST

4 Focusing on the good in our brothers and sisters can help us to draw closer to them. One way to see their good qualities is to associate with them. The apostle Paul set a fine example in this regard; he longed to associate with the brothers. In a letter to the Thessalonians, he wrote: “We are doing our utmost to see your face.” (1 Thess. 2:17) Many have found that the best way to strengthen a friendship is to talk to each other face-to-face. We can speak face-to-face with our brothers and sisters in the field ministry, at congregation meetings, assemblies, and conventions. But when we have a problem with someone, face-to-face communication is not the only way to resolve it.

5 When problems arise between friends, they need to display good qualities in order for their friendship to survive. (Read Colossians 3:12.) If we cultivate such qualities as compassion, kindness, humility, and patience, we will be able to resolve problems with our friends and thus preserve them. For example, just as engine oil keeps a car running smoothly, good manners help us to maintain friendships with our brothers no matter what problems may arise. Where we arrived,

We will consider three things that can damage our friendship with our brothers. As we consider each of these, we will see how imitating Jesus' humility, patience, kindness, and compassion can help us to maintain peace with our brothers.

IF YOU DISAGREE WITH A FRIEND ABOUT SOMETHING

6 How can it damage your friendship? When two people disagree on a matter, they often feel that their opinion is correct. Suppose two brothers disagree on how their field service group should cover their territory. Each one feels that his idea is better than the other's. In such a situation, it is easy for a minor disagreement to escalate into a major one, perhaps even destroying their friendship. They may focus on making each other feel right, rather than on strengthening their friendship. If they do not discuss the matter to come to an agreement, they may lack commitment. And gradually, they will lose touch with each other, and their friendship will fade. All of this was caused by a minor disagreement.

7 Imitate Jesus' humility. Jesus taught his disciples that if they are humble, they will be able to resolve even disagreements. What moved Jesus to teach them this truth? His disciples argued about who was the greatest among them, and this happened many times. It was a matter that touched the hearts of the disciples. That

4. What will help us to strengthen our bond with our brothers?

5. If we have a problem with a friend, what can help us to keep the friendship? Illustrate with an example. (Colossians 3:12)

6. How can disagreements with a friend damage your friendship?

7. How did Jesus show his disciples that humility would help them to resolve differences?

JUNE 2026 9

If you are humble, you will not be permissive or forgiving (See paragraph 8)

so to help them change their thinking, Jesus told them that each of them should view the other as superior to him. (Matt. 20:25-28) By his words, Jesus taught them how to be humble. Even on the night before he died, Jesus showed great humility. He washed the feet of his disciples. This was something that servants often did, yet he did so to set an example of humility for his disciples. (John 13:3-5, 12-16) By his actions, he taught his disciples the value of friendship. He showed them that when they view others as superior to them, it is easier to accept the opinions of others, even if they do not agree with them. It will also help them to strengthen their friendship.

8 How can you strengthen your friendships? When you are humble, it is easier to overlook trivial matters and to forgive others. (Read Colossians 3:13.) Also, if you are humble, you will not become angry when others disagree with you, thus strengthening your relationship with them. (Psalm 4:4) Even if you have spoken harshly to each other, remember that we all say things that we later regret. (Judg. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself, 'Is proving myself right more important to me than protecting our friendship?' You may simply agree with the other person's viewpoint. If you decide to put the matter out of your mind and not talk about it again, you will feel better.

9 Humility will also help you when the matter is heated. Don't try to justify yourself. (Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Instead, work at strengthening your friendship. One thing that many brothers and sisters do is to go to the friend who has a problem and talk to him in a kind way. The reason they do this is to preserve their friendship. (Psalm 34:14) If you approach a friend to make peace, you might say: 'I don't want to ruin our friendship. Please,

8. If you disagree with a friend, how can humility help you to strengthen your friendship? (Colossians 3:13) (See also pictures.)

9. How can humility help you when a matter is heated? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 THE WATCHTOWER

can we talk about it?’ Make it your goal to tell him what you did wrong. Let him know that you know he is deeply hurt by what happened, and then you apologize. If your brother apologizes to you, humbly forgive him. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember, you are not going to your brother to see who is right or wrong, but to make peace and maintain your friendship.—Proverbs 18:24.

IF YOU ARE DIFFERENT FROM YOUR FRIEND

10 How can it damage your friendship? If a brother's attitude differs from yours, it may be difficult to become friends and even to maintain your friendship. Maybe he's acting in a way that you don't like. Chances are, you see his reaction to something. Why does he act like that? Perhaps he has been through bad experiences in the past or has been raised in an environment where people do not trust each other or are willing to talk to others. It is also possible that the reason you do not like the way he acts is because he is different from you. Maybe you like to be close to people, but he is very shy or you are very shy, but he likes to be close to people.

11 Imitate Jesus' patience. He made close friends with people who were different from him. For example, the apostles James and John once asked Jesus to let them sit at his right hand and at his left in the Kingdom. This shows that they want to be seen as great people. (Mark 10:35-37) But Jesus was not like that. He humbled himself and left his high position in heaven and his important work there and came down to earth. (Phil. 2:5-8) How different Jesus' attitude was from that of James and John! Yet, Jesus was patient with James and John and others.

12 Jesus did not expect his friends to do what was right all the time. He knew that James and John were not the only ones who wanted to be seen as great men. Many of his students shared that view. (Mark 9:34) Jesus and his disciples were all raised in the same generation. In their day, the religious leaders encouraged the people to seek prominence. So Jesus understood the reaction of his disciples. So he was patient with them, knowing that it would take time for them to change their thinking and actions, for they had held that view for many years.—Mark 12:41-44. 10:42-45.

13 How can you strengthen your friendships? Try to be patient with brothers and sisters whose behavior you do not like. (Proverbs 14:29) Each of us is unique, and often the reasons for our differences are not our faults; that's just the way we are. So when people are kind to us even though they are different from us, we appreciate it. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) We also need to recognize that people are different and to accommodate them. For example, if you are talking to someone who is very shy, remember that he or she has had to struggle to talk to you, so be patient with him or her. Similarly, if you are very shy and you are talking to someone who is approachable, do not be embarrassed, but try to be patient. Of course, we cannot be close friends with everyone, but we should keep in mind that brothers and sisters who have different personalities can work together.

10. What might make it difficult for you to cultivate and maintain a friendship with a fellow believer?

11. What enabled Jesus to cultivate close friendships with those who were different from him?

12. Why was Jesus patient with his friends?

13. If you are dating someone of a different race, how can patience help you to maintain that friendship? (Ephesians 4:2)

JUNE 2026 11

Good friends show compassion and kindness to each other and comfort each other (See paragraph 19)

14 Patience will help us to focus on the good qualities of our brothers. If we do so, we will find it easier to make friends with our brothers, even if they do not act differently. For example, James and John were selfish and ambitious, but their actions also showed that they believed that God's Kingdom would be established. Jesus recognized this and appreciated their faith. When we look for the good in our brothers and sisters, we imitate Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 Most important, we can pray for Jehovah's help to cultivate friendships with those who are different from us. Think in advance about situations that could upset your brother, and pray for Jehovah's help to be patient if you face any of them. Remember, Jehovah, our Creator, knows that each of us is different. So when you pray, be assured that Jehovah knows you well and will give you the help you need to endure. And if you find it difficult to be patient, ask Jehovah for his holy spirit to help you be patient.—Luke 11:13; Maybe. 5:22, 23.

14. What will patience help us to keep our minds fixed on? 15. Whom can we ask to help us maintain friendships with those who are different from us?

WHEN YOUR FRIEND HAS PROBLEMS

16 How can it damage your friendship? If a friend is seriously ill or depressed, he or she may say or do things that upset you. For example, he may become withdrawn, or a little angry, or he may do things that upset you. Also, he may say or do something that will hurt you deeply. (Job 6:2, 3) Since you do not know the circumstances, you may expect him to act in a certain way, but he may not.

17 Learn how Jesus was kind and compassionate toward people. Jesus was kind and compassionate to those who were suffering; whether he knows them or not. For example, consider his dealings with a blind man named Bartimaeus. When Bartimaeus heard that Jesus was passing by, he shouted loudly to get Jesus' attention. Some of Jesus' followers told him to stop shouting. But because he wanted Jesus to heal him, he cried out even louder. Did his reaction offend some? Maybe. But Jesus “was moved with pity for him,” that is, he felt pity for him and wanted to help him.

16. If a friend is seriously ill or depressed, what can happen? 17. What do we learn from the way Jesus treated Bartimaeus?

12 THE WATCHTOWER

(Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus spoke kindly to her, commended her for her faith in him, and then performed a miracle; he opened the eyes of Bartimaeus.

18 How can you strengthen your friendships? Be kind and compassionate to them. These qualities will help you to comfort fellow believers who are suffering from illness or depression. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember, a good friend is always ready to help his friends, especially in “times of distress.” (Proverbs 17:17) A good friend feels for those who are suffering. But he does all he can to comfort, encourage, and help them.

19 What are some things we can do to show that we are kind and compassionate? Of course, you cannot eliminate an illness or a problem that a brother or a sister is going through, but you can put yourself in his or her place and see how he or she feels and what he or she is going through. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) When he expresses himself, listen carefully, and if possible, say something to comfort him. (Proverbs 12:25) But be careful not to jump to conclusions. (Prov. 18:13) Try to be patient with him, keeping in mind that he may say or do things that he would not normally do.—Eph. 4:32.

20 We have good friends in the congregation, and we never take them for granted. But we are all imperfect, and some of us have gone through things in life. That is why we sometimes say or do things that upset others. But when our brothers are humble, patient, understanding, and friendly, we are very happy. We too should strive to be good friends.

20. What kind of friend would you like to be?

NƆ NI WƆNAA YƐ MFONIRI LƐ MLI Baafa 10: Esoro susumɔ ni nyɛmi nuu ko ni eda yɛ afii amli lɛ hiɛ yɛ bɔ ni esa akɛ amɛto amɛsafo lɛ shikpɔŋkuku lɛ he gbɛjianɔ amehã lɛ, yɛ susumɔ ni nyɛmi oblanyo ko hiɛ yɛ he lɛ he. Later, the two of them went out in the ministry and enjoyed themselves.

18. How should you treat friends who are sick or depressed? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. What will show that we are kind and compassionate? (See also photos.)

HOW CAN YOU CONTINUE TO MAKE FRIENDS WITH THE BROTHERS AND . . .

■ disagree with them on something?

■ your reaction is different from theirs?

■ sick or depressed?

PSALM 124 Be Faithful Forever!

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

LALA 65

Go Ahead!

WHAT WE WILL LEARN

We will see how we benefit from the field service group.

How Your Field Service Team Can Help You

“I will laud Jehovah with all my heart in the congregation of the upright ones . . ..”—PSALM 111:1.

DO YOU remember when you were approved to start preaching? No doubt you are thrilled to be part of a congregation of many members who praise Jehovah's name. (Psalm 148:1, 2, 12, 13) Moreover, you have been assigned to a small group of brothers and sisters in the congregation. This group is called a field service group. The field service group helps us to fulfill Jesus' commission to preach the good news of the Kingdom “in all the inhabited earth.”—Matt. 24:14.

2 How do you feel about the congregation's arrangement for field service groups? A sister named Wendy* says: “This arrangement has helped me in many ways. For example, it has helped me to become a better preacher and teacher. It has also helped me to draw closer to Jehovah and to make many good friends.” A brother named Rich says: “It is a great privilege to serve as a group overseer. Some brothers have the privilege of helping someone progress to baptism. But as a group overseer, I have the great privilege of helping that person to strengthen his relationship with Jehovah and to serve him well after his baptism.” A sister named Dinah also says: “I am so happy to be in a field service group! I view the people in the group as my family.”

3 In this article, we will consider the role of the group overseer and his assistant and how they help those in their group. Then we will see what each of us in the group can do to help our brother. Conclusion

* Some of the names have been changed.

1-2. How do some feel about the congregation's arrangement for field service groups?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

14

we will see how we can benefit from this arrangement.

TEAM LEADER AND ASSISTANT

4 A group overseer is an elder* appointed by the body of elders to help a group to grow spiritually, to preach, and to teach effectively. How does he do that? First, he cares deeply about each member of his team. (Proverbs 27:23) The group overseer endeavors to get to know the members of his group well, speaking with them regularly to see how things are going in their lives. As a result, he is able to help his congregation to strengthen their faith in Jehovah. He also assures them that he cares for them when they face hardships or anxieties, and he does other things to help them. (Prov. 12:25; Isa. 32:2; Jas. 2:15-17) Second, it helps each publisher to have a full share in the ministry. He zealously shares in the preaching work, especially on the weekends. He also accompanies and encourages each member of the group in the ministry, helping them to preach and teach effectively. If circumstances arise that prevent him from sharing in the ministry, he arranges for the group to be organized by his assistant or another baptized brother who sets a good example. Third, it trains baptized brothers to care for congregation responsibilities. (1 Tim. 3:1) He sincerely commends them for their good qualities and

* If necessary, a qualified ministerial servant may be assigned to conduct a group until an elder is available. When a ministerial servant conducts a field service group, he is called a group servant because he is not yet an overseer in the congregation. Instead, he serves under the direction of the elders.

4. (a) What is the role of a team leader? (b) How does he help those in his group? (See the box “Suggestions for Group Overseers.”)

Tips for Team Leaders

• Do not prolong the meeting for field service—at least seven minutes so that publishers can start preaching quickly.

• Take all in your group out in the ministry, including those who for good reason do not regularly attend meetings for field service. You might arrange to work with such ones on another day or in the evening.

• You need to encourage and support your team members. You might set aside time for each member of your group to encourage him from the Scriptures in his home, at the Kingdom Hall, or elsewhere. You can also call or write them a letter.

• Train brothers so that they can be used more fully by Jehovah and entrusted with responsibilities in the congregation.

• Even if your field service group has to meet with another group or groups for field service, make an effort to be present and to organize your group.

he gives them Scriptural counsel and trains them to qualify to serve as ministerial servants or elders. The role of the team leader is very important. Therefore, when appointing a congregation overseer, the body of elders should select the qualified elders to handle the assignment.

5 Of course, there are many factors that can contribute

5. What factors can make it difficult for a team leader to manage his team effectively?

JUNE 2026 15

it is difficult for a team leader to manage his team effectively. Here are some experiences that illustrate that. Jörg, a brother in Germany, serves as a group overseer and at the same time cares for other responsibilities in the congregation. He says: “It is not easy to serve as a group overseer and at the same time care for other responsibilities in the congregation. As a result, I cannot associate with all in my group.” Abel, a 70-year-old elder in Uganda, says: “We have only a few elders and ministerial servants in our congregation. Similarly, Obed, an elder in Suriname, says: “I enjoy training others. But it takes all my time and energy. Also, training takes a long time before it bears fruit. What can help congregation overseers who face these or similar challenges?

An elder may train a ministerial servant in his field service group. For example, he may assign him to conduct a meeting for field service (See paragraph 7)

their responsibility is to help their members to develop a close relationship with Jehovah and to cope with the challenges they face.

6 If possible, groups should be kept small so that group overseers can get to know all in their group better and help them to strengthen their relationship with Jehovah. In some congregations, however, the number of elders is limited, so how can the elders make sure that there are only a few in the groups? If the elders increase the number of field service groups, it will be very difficult for the group overseers to find time for all in their group. Therefore, they may assign more groups and assign ministerial servants to care for some of them. This will enable team leaders to play a vital role

6. How can smaller field service groups help group overseers to care for their groups effectively?

7 If you serve as a group overseer in a congregation where there are only a few elders, train your assistant to care for the needs of the group. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Let him do things in the congregation to help you. For example, from time to time, you might assign him to conduct the meeting for field service and to arrange for those in attendance to go out in the ministry. You also need to pray with him and consider how you can help each member of the group to become a better preacher and to strengthen his relationship with Jehovah. When you visit and encourage group members, have your sponsor accompany you. Before making a return visit on a member of your group, discuss with him what each of you can do to encourage the one you are visiting. If you visit-

7. If you serve as a group overseer in a congregation where there are only a few elders, what can you do to help you train all in your group effectively? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also picture.)

16 THE WATCHTOWER

If you see the person, tell him what he did well, and if there is anything he can do better next time, tell him. If you train your assistant in this way, he too will be able to serve as a group overseer in the future. (2 Tim. 2:2) In addition, you can enlist the help of mature ones in your group to train others. For example, you might assign pioneers and experienced brothers and sisters in your group to help new and less experienced ones. They can help them to start conversations, make return visits, or conduct Bible studies. In this regard, let us consider three things that each of us can do to help our field service group.

WHAT YOU CAN DO TO HELP YOUR DEVELOPMENT TEAM

8 Work with your field service group. When you work with your group in the ministry, you have the opportunity to encourage them, and they have the opportunity to encourage you. (Read Romans 1:12.) Working with your group in the ministry helps you to feel more confident and secure, even in certain parts of your territory. If your secular work makes it difficult for you to work with your field service group, you may be able to ask your employer to adjust your work schedule. Maybe he'll agree with you. (Neh. 2:4-6) If sickness or infirmity prevents you from preaching with your group, discuss the matter with your group overseer. He may be able to arrange for you to meet for field service and to witness by letter or telephone. Kɛ́ oji oblanyo loo oblayoo ni yɛ gbɔmɔtsoŋ hewalɛ kpakpa, shi loloolo lɛ, okɛ oshiɛmɔyaa kuu lɛ efɔɔɔ shiɛmɔyaa lɛ, mɛni obaanyɛ ofee? You might arrange to work with one of your group members each week. You may need to examine yourself to see what is most important in your life and how you can use your time better than you do now. (Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) If you do all you can to work regularly with your group in the ministry, all of you will benefit. Pray for Jehovah's help. It can motivate you to help those in your group and give you the strength to do so.—Phil. 2:13.

9 Do things that make your group feel like part of a family. If we “follow the course of hospitality,” we will help our members to feel loved. (Read Romans 12:13.) How can we show that we are hospitable? For example, we might have the group meet in our home for field service. In some congregations, the various groups meet together for a meal with the visiting speaker. When it is the turn of a group to share a meal with the visitor, they meet to eat and encourage one another even when the visitor cannot join them. A special pioneer named Sarah says: “When I invite people to my home for a meal, I feel nervous. So I don't do anything special. Instead, I try to talk to the brothers and sisters so that I can get to know them better.” When we make our group feel like part of a family, we draw closer to Jehovah and to our group.—Neh. 8:10; Buff. 8:35 p.m.

10 Take steps to improve your skills as a teacher. When we preach and teach effectively, we enjoy the ministry and want to

8. What can we do to help our field service group? (Romans 1:12)

9. What can you do to make your team feel like family? (Romans 12:13)

10. What will help us to be effective preachers and teachers? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also opening image.)

JUNE 2026 17

The small size of the field service group helps them to get to know one another better and to work together in the ministry

(See paragraph 10)

we preach together with our group members. Is there anything you can do to improve your skills in preaching and teaching? Ask someone in your group to help you. (Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) For example, you might let your group overseer know which aspects of the ministry you would like to improve in. He will do his best to help you. Or you could ask a member of your group who is experienced in the ministry for help. That is what a sister named Heather did. Although he was very shy, he asked for help. She says: “I met a regular pioneer who helped me to make return visits. This sister was loving, kind, and arranged to accompany me in the ministry. She even helped me to start a Bible study with one of those with whom I had previously spoken. Clearly, each of us can do something to help our field service group.

HOW YOUR DEVELOPMENT TEAM CAN HELP YOU

11 Your field service group can help you to draw closer to Jehovah. Here are some ways in which our field service group helps us. For example, the group overseer may be able to help those who have lost Jehovah's approval and who may be in dire need of assistance. Among them are widows, orphans, and the elderly. (1 Thess. 2:8; Jas. 1:27) In addition, we receive training in our congregation so that we can be effective preachers and teachers. Exemplary baptized brothers in our group are trained to care for responsibilities in the congregation.—1 Tim. 3:10.

12 Consider how Wendy, mentioned earlier, benefited from her field service group. He says: “My father opposed us because of the truth, so Mother often could not go out in the ministry with his field service group on the weekends. But my father allowed me to go. I also remember that my group overseer kindly gave me counsel from the Bible, and I have applied his counsel to this day.”

13 Your field service group provides you with loving and supportive friends. Working together in the ministry with our group members helps us to become close friends. (Phil. 1:27) Because we preach in groups

11-12. How can your field service group help you to draw closer to Jehovah? Give an example of this.

13. How can our field service group help us to have friends who love us and help us? (See also cover photo.)

18 THE WATCHTOWER

the number of children is small, so it helps members of the group who are reserved or shy to make close friends. (2 Cor. 6:13) Our congregation helps us when we are weak, when we are discouraged or depressed, and when we are grieving over the death of a loved one. (1 Thess. 5:14) Moreover, as the great tribulation nears, it will be especially important to have good friends. (Matt. 24:21) Knowing that our brothers love us and will help us helps us to endure trials.—Prov. 17:17.

14 Your field service group helps you when problems arise. We may suddenly get sick and need help. Epidemics or natural disasters can strike suddenly. Also, the government can harass us, and things can get very difficult. But when that happens, our field service group helps us. For example, the Congregation Service Committee works with the group overseers to make arrangements to provide assistance to brothers who are in dire need of assistance in the event of a disaster. When a disaster strikes, group commanders search for everyone in their group and make sure that they need such things as medicine, food, water, shelter, and clothing. What a help our field service group is!

15 Jehovah's worshipers are very numerous. In heaven, there are many faithful angels; they can number in the billions. And on earth, there are now more than nine million servants of Jehovah, and that number is still growing. (Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) Jehovah's worshipers in heaven and on earth are unitedly proclaiming the good news of God's Kingdom. (Rev. 14:6, 7) Moreover, they are united in praising their God, Jehovah. Therefore, let us work as closely as possible with our field service group. Why? Because our field service group helps us in many ways, especially to praise our God, Jehovah.—Psalm 111:1.

14. When problems arise, how does our field service group help us?

15. What are all of Jehovah's worshipers united in doing?

WHAT WE SEE IN THE PICTURE Cover: Two sisters in the same field service group are out preaching.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What do group leaders and assistants do to support the people in their groups?

■ What can we do to help our field service group?

■ How can our field service group help us?

PSALM 61 Witnesses, Go Forward!

AUGUST 31–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

PSALM 89 Listen, Obey, and Be Blessed

WHAT WE WILL LEARN We will learn why it is important to listen carefully at congregation meetings, assemblies, and conventions and how we can do so.

Listen to Jehovah Carefully

“Pay attention to how you listen.”—LUKE 8:18.

TODAY, Jehovah has given us everything we need to study the Bible effectively. So, we agree with David on one point. He said: “Jehovah is my Shepherd. I shall lack nothing.”—Read Psalm 23:1, 2,

2 One place where Jehovah teaches us is through congregation meetings. When we attend congregation meetings, we often hear things that we have learned. Even if we are “firmly established in the truth,” we need these reminders. (2 Pet. 1:12) But when you attend a congregation meeting, do you find it difficult to pay attention? If so, this article will help you to pay attention at congregation meetings. We will see why it is important to listen carefully when attending congregation meetings. We will also see what those who teach in the congregation can do to improve the quality of their listeners. Then we will learn some things that can help us to listen better than we do now. First, though, let us answer this question: Who really teaches us at congregation meetings?

REMEMBER THAT JEHOVAH IS THE ONE WHO TEACHES US

3 Jehovah speaks to us through the pages of the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this. He taught God's Word so well that his listeners asked: “How does this man have such knowledge of the Scriptures when he has never studied at all?” (John 7:15) Humble people who wanted to learn about Jehovah were thrilled to hear Jesus explain God's Word. Christians in the first century learned how

1-2. (a) What does Jehovah do to help us study the Bible effectively? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this article?

3. Through what means does Jehovah communicate with us? And how do his servants use the Bible in their teaching?

20

Jesus taught him. Among them were Paul and Apollos. When teaching, they often quoted scriptures to help their listeners see what Jehovah wanted them to do. (Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Witnesses, we recognize that the material in our publications, videos, and publications is based on the Bible. When non-Witnesses attend our meetings, they are often impressed by our strong use of the Bible. Those who have parts at the convention use the Bible to teach. They did not simply read it; they explained it so that their listeners could understand it and see how they could apply it.—Luke 24:32.

4 When someone tells you to do something, you need to listen carefully before you can do what he says. Similarly, we must listen carefully to Jehovah at congregation meetings if we are to do what he asks of us. If we listen carefully and apply what we learn, we will make Jehovah happy.—Proverbs 27:11.

WHY SHOULD WE LISTEN CAREFULLY AT MEETINGS?

5 We pay attention at congregation meetings because we love Jehovah. (Matt. 22:37) The more we learn about Jehovah, the stronger our love for him becomes. This love moves us to listen carefully to his Word, to apply what it teaches us, and to worship him acceptably.—Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 We pay attention at congregation meetings because we love people. (Matt. 22:39) When we attend congregation meetings, Jehovah teaches us how to help our brothers

Steps to Improve Listening

Some longtime servants of Jehovah were asked, “What helps you to pay attention at congregation meetings?” Here are their results:

• Suefawn, baptized 1986, says, “When I attend a congregation meeting, I sit in the front row, pay attention to the speaker, and pay attention to the video.”

• David, baptized in 1983, says, “I often pray for Jehovah's strength not to give up. I keep in mind that I am here to worship Jehovah, so when I listen carefully and comment, I am worshiping him.”

• Nicolas, baptized 1982, says, “I made it my goal to thank each one who had a talk at the convention and to tell him what I appreciated about it.”

• Augustin, baptized 1988, says, “I tell myself that when the faithful slave asks for a review, it is just what we need at that time.”

and those who do not know him. For example, the Love People—Make Disciples brochure helps us to develop good qualities that will help us in our ministry. Do you find it difficult to approach people in a way that will open them up to you? If so, listen carefully when your brothers handle assignments at the midweek meeting.

4. Why is it vital that we listen carefully at congregation meetings?

5. What does love for Jehovah move us to do? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. When we attend congregation meetings, how are we taught how to help others?

JUNE 2026 21

7 We pay attention at congregation meetings because we want to be happy now and to live forever. As Jehovah told his servants of old, if we want to enjoy life and live forever, we must obey him. (Deut. 32:44-47) When we attend congregation meetings and listen carefully, we are comforted and learn how to cope with difficult situations and how to wait patiently for the new world to come. (Rom. 8:25) We are living in the last days, so it is vital that we obey Jehovah and have as full a share as possible in his service.—Matt. 24:42-44; Stick. 1:3.

WHAT WE NEED TO DO TO MAKE PEOPLE LISTEN BETTER

8 From time to time, brothers who teach at congregation meetings need to review how they can improve their teaching ability. And those who give the public talk especially should do so. If these brothers take the time to prepare well and teach from the Bible, it will be easier for non-Witnesses to learn important Bible teachings. It will also help the brothers to understand Bible truths better and to continue applying what they learn in their lives. If you have a talk at a congregation meeting, keep in mind that what you are doing may help others in ways that you may not have realized. Therefore, if you have assignments at congregation meetings, the following suggestions may help you to teach effectively. Although these suggestions apply primarily to those giving public talks, all who participate at congregation meetings can benefit.—2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

7. Why is it vital that we continue to obey Jehovah?

8. Why should those who teach at congregation meetings focus on improving their teaching ability?

9 Organize the points of your talk in a way that will be clear to your audience. When you give a talk, you should make it easy for your listeners to understand and follow along. If the points you are making are difficult to understand, it will be difficult for your audience to listen carefully. What can you do to help your audience understand your message better? (1) At the beginning of your talk, identify the main points that you will discuss. (2) Talk about the points one at a time, and after you have finished one point, you may want to pause so that your audience can see that you are moving on to another. (3) When concluding your talk, emphasize the main points.

10 Study your talk carefully so that you can grasp its points. When you are passionate about a subject, you want to tell it, and your audience will sense it. (Prov. 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) Therefore, give careful thought to the material and the scriptures that will help you to grasp the main points. A brother in his 70's in the United States still remembers a talk he received when he was a young man. He says: “I still remember the speaker encouraging us to read the Bible and meditate on it. He showed us how to do it, and his expression made me realize that he really enjoyed what he was talking about.

11 Consider what will really help your listeners, and give them counsel on how to apply what you teach them. Don’t wear the keys

9. What can you do to make it easier for your audience to understand your talk?

10. Why should you study your talk carefully so that you can grasp its points?

11. What should you do to help your listeners see how they can apply what you teach them? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 THE WATCHTOWER

Instead, use the scriptures to encourage your listeners and to help them see how they can apply what the Bible says in their lives. For example, when Timothy was working hard to serve his brothers in Ephesus, the apostle Paul wrote him a letter, giving him specific instructions on how to keep his relationship with Jehovah strong. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) Therefore, consider what will really benefit your listeners, and help them to see what they need to do to apply the points you have made.

12 When preparing, give the talk as if you were standing in front of your audience so that when you give it, it will be as if you were talking to your audience. Instead of writing out your talk and reading it, talk to your audience, which will make it easier for them to listen carefully and understand. The brochure Focus on Reading and Teaching gives us advice in this regard. He says: “Speak as if you were speaking, and speak in a way that shows that you believe what you are saying and that you care about them.” Speaking as you would when giving a talk will help your listeners to listen carefully, to appreciate the points you are making, and to want to apply them in their lives.

13 Ask a brother who is good at speaking to help you. For example, before giving a talk, show the brother your written objectives and endeavor to apply his suggestions to improve your delivery. In addition, ask him to listen to your talk and to give you feedback so that you can give it better in the future. (Proverbs 1:5) We may not always find that what we say is not clear to our listeners. Therefore, the brother can show you how to make it easier for your listeners to understand and apply the points you are discussing in the future. We need to improve our teaching ability so that we can help people to understand and apply Bible truths.*

* See the Apply Yourself to Reading and Teaching brochure and Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Training for additional suggestions on how to improve your teaching ability.

12. When giving a talk, why is it good to speak as you would when giving a talk?

13. Why is it good to ask a qualified brother to help you give a talk? (See also picture.)

Ask a qualified brother to help you improve your teaching (See paragraph 13)

23

Do not allow your phone or tablet to distract you from the study (See paragraph 17)

HOW TO LISTEN BETTER

14 Keeping Jehovah's reminders in mind will help us to pay attention at congregation meetings. We need Jehovah's reminders to help us cope with the trials we face in these “critical times hard to deal with.” (2 Tim. 3:1) Therefore, even when we study material that we have learned many times, we react as did the composer of Psalm 119.—Read Psalm 119:24, 111,

15 It is vital that we continue to view the instruction provided at our meetings as a gift from Jehovah. We can learn from what happened to the Israelites when they were in the wilderness and Jehovah gave them manna. (Ex. 16:15, 31) No doubt they were thrilled when Jehovah provided manna. They saw that it was from Jehovah, that he was with him, and that he kept them alive. But over time, some of them became bored because they did not want to eat the same food every day. (Num. 21:5) What is the lesson for us? Today, some of the things we learn at congregation meetings are things that we have already learned many times. But we should not take these reminders for granted, as the Israelites did with the manna. Rather, we should view them as gifts from Jehovah. We do well to keep in mind that the faithful slave carefully considers what is considered at congregation meetings. We should also recognize that the information we learn at congregation meetings can help us make good decisions and lead to everlasting life.—Proverbs 3:13, 16-18; John. 17:3.

16 Applying the suggestions in this and the following paragraph can help us to listen more effectively. What has helped some longtime servants of Jehovah to continue paying attention at congregation meetings? A sister named Ashley, who has been serving Jehovah for over 30 years, says: “If I study the material before I go to the meetings, it helps me to pay attention. But if I don't study, I find it difficult to comment and to concentrate.” A brother named Joseph served Jehovah

14. Why should we imitate the composer of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

15. What will help us to continue to appreciate what is taught at our meetings?

16. What has helped some longtime servants of Jehovah to continue paying attention at congregation meetings? (See also the box “How to Improve Your Listening.”)

24 THE WATCHTOWER

age 52. He says: “When a subject is discussed again at a congregation meeting, I enjoy it because it helps me to see other points of the subject that I had not previously considered, and it helps me to understand them better.” He adds: “When a brother who is not very qualified gives a talk, I do not focus on how he gives it, but on what he says, because it is from the Bible, which means that it is from Jehovah.”

17 Consider some things you can do to improve your listening skills. (1) Do not eat too late before attending a congregation meeting to avoid sleep. (2) Try to arrive early and find a seat before the start. (3) Set your phone or tablet so that it will not distract you or others from the meeting. (4) Consider the points that the speaker might make. (5) Focus on the speaker. (6) Write a summary of the points, or draw a picture of the main points. (7) Meditate on the cited scriptures, and consider how they help you to understand the material. (8) Ask yourself, 'How can I use these scriptures to help someone in the congregation or in the field ministry?' (9) Before beginning assemblies and conventions, review the day's theme, the talk titles, and any cited scriptures or questions. of the words given. (10) Sit quietly to listen to the music or watch the music videos to prepare your heart and mind for the program.

KEEP LISTENING TO JEHOVAH

18 We need to continue to listen carefully when we attend congregation meetings, for this will help Jehovah to lead us in “the tracks of righteousness.” (Psalm 23:3; 31:3) The instruction we receive at congregation meetings helps us to keep on doing what is right. Therefore, you need to “pay more than the usual attention to the things heard” and apply what you hear at congregation meetings. (Luke 8:18) Those who listen to Jehovah will be happy now and will enjoy everlasting life in the future.—Psalm 119:2, 14.

17. What else can you do to improve your listening skills? (See also picture.)

18. Why should we continue to listen carefully at congregation meetings?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ Why should we listen carefully at congregation meetings?

■ What can brothers who teach at congregation meetings do to help their listeners pay attention?

■ What will help you to be a good listener?

LALA 87

Come on! You will have New Strength

BIOGRAPHY

I Have Served Jehovah in Cuba for Nearly 70 Years

NARRATED BY GUSTAVO JOSEPH

I WAS born in 1947 on Cuba, a beautiful island between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. There were three of us, me and my two sisters. I’m an adult. The five of us lived with our parents in a village called Esmeralda.

I have fond memories of the pleasant and safe life of the village. Some of our relatives, including our aunts, uncles, aunts, and uncles, were very close to us. We always had food and money to support ourselves, and this made us very happy.

When I was about five years old, a brother named Walton Jones began to study the Bible with my parents. He was very courageous and walked about ten hours to our village to preach. Each time, many of my relatives gathered in my grandparents' home, and he discussed Bible topics with them for hours. My parents, my uncle Pedro and my aunt Ela, liked what they were learning and were soon baptized as Jehovah's Witnesses. Now in her mid-100's, Ela continues to serve as a pioneer in Cuba.

At that time, the government did not oppose Jehovah's Witnesses, so they preached and attended congregation meetings without interference. Jehovah's Witnesses are well-known in Cuba because we preach from house to house. We always had literature with us to give them. That time, we walked a lot! Looking back on those “good times” when I was young, I have fond memories of serving Jehovah. But soon we faced “critical times hard to deal with.”—2 Tim. 4:2.

THERE ARE PROBLEMS IN CUBA

That same year, when I was about five years old, my father and my uncle traveled to a convention elsewhere in Cuba. Unfortunately, the water they drank there made them very sick. I remember that when they returned, my uncle lost all his hair, but he later recovered. My father died, he was only 32 years old.

After my father died, my mother decided to let our family live with her brother in a village called Lombillo. This meant that we had to leave behind our family, including our beloved grandparents. But we continued to serve Jehovah as a family.

On August 26, 1957, I was baptized in a pond near Lombillo. I was ten years old. In less than two years, everything changed for Jehovah's Witnesses in Cuba. In 1959

26 THE WATCHTOWER

In the 19th century, the dictatorship was abolished and a communist regime took over.

The new government was trying to acquire more troops and strengthen its rule. This made things very difficult for us, because no matter what country we were in, we did not participate in military service or politics. As a result, the brothers found it very difficult to go out in the ministry and to meet together to worship Jehovah as they had done before. Later, the government banned our work and imprisoned hundreds of our faithful brothers. Some of our brothers were beaten and deprived of food by the prison authorities. Sometimes even the food that was served included blood, and we knew that the Bible says that we should not eat blood.

Despite these challenges, we continued to meet together to worship Jehovah. (Heb. 10:25) At times, we even hold meetings in parks or elsewhere in the country. I remember that on one occasion a brother gave us a large room to hold the meeting. We couldn't clean the ear canal or even get the ear out. So we were all in attendance.—Micah 2:12.

Some brothers and sisters worked hard to help us continue our Bible study, and we were very grateful. For example, they pre-record district convention programs on cassette tapes and distribute them to the brothers throughout Cuba. Sometimes, only two brothers are assigned to study and give all the parts on the meetings, and they record the talks. Because these brothers recorded these talks in secret, we sometimes heard the sounds of birds and other noises in the recordings. If there is no electricity at the convention site, a brother is assigned to ride a battery-powered bicycle, which provides electricity. This allows us to play the tape and hear the recorded words. Although we did not have as much freedom or congregation literature as our brothers in other lands, we had what we needed to strengthen our relationship with Jehovah. And we served Jehovah together with joy.—Neh. 8:10.

MY WIFE SERVED AS A REGULAR PIONEER AND WE HAD A FAMILY

When I turned 18, I began serving as a regular pioneer in the state of Florida. About a year later, I was assigned to serve as a special pioneer in Camagüey, the capital of the province of Camagüey. There I met Emilia, a beautiful Witness sister from Santiago de Cuba. We started dating, and within about a year, we were married.

A. Kingdom Ministry School for Congregation Elders—Camagüey, Cuba, 1966

B. The day we got married, 1967

WOULD

B

District Assembly TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

D

HE

D. Serving in the circuit work, 1990 to 2000 E. Our first convention after the ban was lifted

The government owns several sugar factories in the area. I got a job at one of these companies, and I had to work full time. As a result, Emilia and I were no longer able to serve as pioneers; but we still want to do as much as we can in Jehovah's service. So I asked to work from 3:00 pm to 11:00 am at the office. I hated politics, but doing so enabled me to preach regularly and to attend congregation meetings with Emilia regularly.

In 1969, we had our first son, Gustavo. Shortly thereafter, the congregation invited me to serve as a circuit overseer. At that time in Cuba, it was possible to serve as a circuit overseer while caring for children. During my years as a circuit overseer, we were not only busy but also very happy. Emilia and I both felt that it was a great honor to be able to serve our brothers in that way. While I was serving as a circuit overseer, we had our son Obed, then Abner, and a few years later our daughter Mahely.

Looking back on our time in the circuit work, I am thrilled to see how Jehovah has helped my brothers in Cuba. Jehovah also helped us to teach our children to love him. Let me tell you what it was like when Emilia and I served as circuit overseers with his wife.

I SERVED IN CUBA AS A DISTRICT OFFICER WHEN OUR WORK WAS BANNED

When our work was banned, it became very difficult for the brothers to attend congregation meetings and to preach. Kingdom Halls were closed, foreign missionaries were expelled, many young brothers were arrested and imprisoned, and the branch office in Havana was closed.

Because of the ban, we were able to visit congregations only on Mondays and Saturdays. This is how we went; If we visit a congregation on Monday and Saturday, we will return the following week. When we travel, we do not take much with us, and we often ride a bicycle to avoid drawing attention to ourselves. Also, when we visit a congregation, our presence is not announced. We had to act like we were visiting relatives. This was not very difficult for us. We spent so much time with them as a family that we sometimes forgot that we had come to serve them. (Mark 10:29, 30) Nevertheless, we kept our senses completely. We were often followed and questioned by the police

28 THE WATCHTOWER

HE

F

G

E. Emilia in the Sewing Department at the Cuba branch

F. Dedication of an Assembly Hall, 2012

G. Bible School for Christian Couples, 2013

issues. If our activities were discovered, the brothers with whom we stayed could be arrested.—Rom. 16:4.

During this time, we met many brothers who were very kind to us, even though they had very little. For example, in some places we visited, there were many tents, but the brothers gave us the only tents they had so that we could sleep comfortably. Some brothers were also happy to let us stay in their homes, even though they had very little food to eat. Knowing this, we sometimes take our own food and eat it with them.

When we visit a congregation, we cannot take all our children with us. So we took the youngest and left the rest with my mother and one of my sisters. Of course, having a child protected us in some ways. For example, the police sometimes search our belongings, but we keep the congregation's literature in the bag with the child's dirty belongings because we know that the police will not search it.

I am very grateful to Emilia for helping me care for the children and for supporting me in the full-time ministry. I also continued to work in the sugar factory and at the same time, I was able to serve in the circuit work. Here’s how I did it; Sometimes I continue working even after work is closed so that I don't have to go to work on the weekend, which I do twice a week. But later, my job was changed. I was put in charge of the business, so I had to go to work every day of the week, and there was nothing I could do about it. But I found that if I gave my workmates work to do on the weekends, they would do my work for me when I visited the congregations. This allowed me to visit the congregations without my employer noticing that I did not come to work on the weekends.

WHEN I CHANGED MY JOB, I FELT HAPPY

One day in 1994, the brothers taking the lead in Cuba invited us, about 80 traveling overseers, to a special assembly day in Havana. When we all got together, we were so excited because after all these years, we had never met together before! At this meeting, some of the adjustments that the congregation had made were discussed. Then something was said that surprised us. The brothers taking the lead told us that they would like to give our names to the authorities. Why?

JUNE 2026 29

Cuban Business Council, 2013

The brothers told us that they were talking to the authorities to see if they would treat Jehovah's Witnesses fairly. As a result, officials said they needed the names of all district officials. We all agreed to anonymity. Later, the authorities treated us well.

Eventually, although Jehovah's Witnesses were not legally registered, we were allowed to meet together, hold congregation meetings, and go out in the ministry. We later learned that the authorities knew the names of some of the traveling overseers but wanted us to confirm them.

In September 1994, the government granted us permission to reopen the branch office. Finally, we were able to rebuild our branch using the same branch that we had purchased 20 years earlier.

Then, in 1996, Emilia and I were invited to serve at Bethel. I was so surprised that I told the brothers that I had two children to look after. The brothers discussed the matter and later told me that they still wanted us to serve at Bethel. We agreed and began making arrangements to serve together at Bethel in Havana.

True, at first I did not enjoy Bethel service at all, since I had been in the traveling work for many years and was therefore deeply moved. I felt sorry for the brothers because I knew what they were going through and if I were in the office, I would not be able to give them the help they needed. But Bethelites and especially my wife, Emilia, helped me to change my thinking. Gradually, I regained my joy, and now I serve happily at Bethel.

Emilia and I are both grown up now. We have had the joy of getting to know many brothers and sisters with whom we have served Jehovah over the years. We are also very happy that all our children and grandchildren are serving Jehovah. We feel as did the Apostle John when he was old. He said: “No greater cause for thankfulness do I have than these things, that I should be hearing that my children go on walking in the truth.”—3 John 4.

Emilia and I have served at Bethel for nearly 30 years. Now, although we are advanced in years and have serious health problems, we try to fulfill our assignment to the best of our ability. Our years of service to Jehovah have been challenging, but how grateful we are that we have been able to serve “the happy God” for some 70 years on the island of Cuba!—1 Tim. 1:11; Psalm 97:1.

We were at a convention with our daughter and her husband

30 THE WATCHTOWER

QUESTIONS FROM READERS

What two covenants did Paul mention at Galatians 4:24?

■ The apostle Paul discussed the relationship between Abraham and Sarah and between Abraham and Hagar. Then he said: “These things may be taken as symbols, for the women mean two covenants.” (Gal. 4:22-24) In the past, we understood that the Law covenant and the new covenant were the two covenants that Paul was referring to. But when we study these verses again, we now see that we need to explain them differently. Paul seems to be referring to the Law covenant and the Abrahamic covenant, not to the Law covenant and the new covenant. Consider the reasons why Paul mentioned these two covenants.*

The Law covenant was made at Mount Sinai in 1513 B.C.E. Paul said that Hagar represented this Law covenant. (Ex. 19:5, 6; Gal. 4:25) The Jews were imperfect, so they could not observe the Law perfectly. The Law covenant made them feel that they were slaves to sin, and that was one reason why it was given. Another purpose of the Law covenant was to help the Jews identify the Messiah when he arrived. The Messiah was a perfect man, and he was the only one who could keep the Law perfectly. When the Messiah sacrificed his perfect human life, he opened the way for imperfect humans to be freed from sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) When Jesus accomplished God's purpose, the Law covenant came to an end.—Rom. 10:4.

Paul also compared Hagar to Sarah, “a free woman” who gave birth “according to promise.” (Gal. 4:23) The promise referred to is the covenant that God made with Abraham. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) At Genesis 22:18, Jehovah referred to this covenant. He said: “By means of your seed [Abraham’s seed] all nations of the earth will certainly bless themselves due to the fact that you have listened to my voice.”

The Abrahamic covenant revealed further details of Jehovah's promise made in the garden of Eden. (Gen. 3:15) He revealed that the foretold “seed” would be a descendant of Abraham. Paul explained that Jesus was the promised Seed. But the Scriptures also show that the seed includes “the things of the Christ,” the 144,000 anointed ones who will rule with Jesus in his Kingdom. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) When God's promise to Abraham is fulfilled, all who exercise faith in Jesus and obey him will receive many blessings.

What did Paul mean by this “symbolic act”? He showed that if the Jews of his day insisted on observing the Law, they would remain slaves like Hagar. But if they exercise faith in Jesus Christ, the “seed” of Abraham, they will be like Sarah. Yes, they will be completely free from sin and death. (John 8:32-34) But if they did not exercise faith in Jesus, they would not understand the purpose of the Law covenant, for it was given to lead them to Christ.

Many of the Christians in Galatia to whom Paul wrote were not Jews and were therefore not under the Law. However, some Jews in the congregation insisted that Gentile Christians observe the Law, including the law on circumcision. Paul said that it would be unwise for them to do so, for once they exercised faith in Christ, they were set free from the Law and were no longer slaves to it.—Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

* See The Watchtower, March 15, 2006, p. 10-12 instead.

JUNE 2026 31

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

June 2026 | Vol. 147, no. 6 GA

INFORMATION IN THIS MAGAZINE

Study for August 10-16 | 2

What Can We Do to Remain Faithful in the Face of Trials?

Study for August 17-23 | 8

How to Maintain Friendship With Our Brothers

Study for August 24-30 | 14

How Your Field Service Team Can Help You

Study for August 31–September 6 | 20

Listen to Jehovah Carefully

BIOGRAPHY | 26

I Have Served Jehovah in Cuba for Nearly 70 Years

QUESTIONS FROM READERS | 31

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

A BIBLE STORY YOU WILL ENJOY

Yai And People With Eyes Loi

Some of Jesus' disciples were fishermen. (Mark 1:16-20) They went fishing on the Sea of ​​Galilee.

How was mourning done in Jesus' day? Fibers obtained from flax plants are often woven into yarn. If a fisherman is trying to catch small fish, he will use a smaller bait. But when he wants to catch large fish, he will use large hooks. Small nets are often covered with gravel or stones so that when they are thrown into the water, they can sink and catch fish. But large nets or nets are thrown into the water to catch the fish. The bottom of the bowl is equipped with weights to make it sink, and the sides are weighted to prevent all the water from sinking.

Wood is very valuable, and it requires careful handling to preserve it. Why? Because the rocks in the waters can attract them. Also, if they are used to kill too many fish, they can catch fire. (Luke 5:6) The Bible says that James and John “went astray.” (Matt. 4:21) Fish often return from the fishing grounds. Luke also says that doves “wash their young.” (Luke 5:2) When doves lick their young, they try to preserve it.—Ezek. 47:10.

Jesus invited some fishermen to become “fishers of men.”

Visit jw.org, or scan this code

JW.ORG ®

w26.06-GA