OCTOBER 2026

THE LORD PROMISES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

INFORMATION FROM: DECEMBER 7, 2026-JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

100 YEARS AGO



Throughout 1926, Jehovah through the Head of the congregation, Jesus Christ, helped Christians to understand that the preaching work should be the most important work in their lives. Thus, “the faithful and discreet slave” produced new publications, adjusted the way congregation meetings were conducted, and clarified the rules so that all Christians could see what they should do. (Mat. 24:45) Yesu Kristo ye ebua amɛ koni amɛná tsũi kɛ woji akala-mɔ tsɔji ni baaye abua amɛ koni amɛshiɛ.



In April, The Golden Age (now Awake!) announced the release of a new book, Deliverance. At that time, Studies in the Scriptures was the main publication used in the preaching work, but this new book replaced it. To produce more of this new book, the brothers at Bethel purchased a new press. This machine can print 22 sheets in just one nit. The Bible Students distributed this book to all to whom they preached.

Over the years, the Bible Students studied the book Studies in the Scriptures at their congregation meetings. But starting in May, they studied some of the articles in The Watchtower. Mɛɛ yibii tsakemɔ nɛɛ wo?

One congregation wrote to Brother Rutherford: ‘The little Bunker Hill Congregation in Illinois sends you its greetings. Each Sunday, we consider the material that the congregation has recommended for that Sunday. We are happy to understand new information very quickly.'

The new information, or understanding, that was given to them at that time helped them to preach with zeal. For example, an article in The Watchtower explained that our efforts to cultivate good manners and to treat others with kindness and respect are not the most important things. In that account, it was explained that Jehovah had commissioned Christians to bear witness about him. Christians love Jehovah, so each one should obey this command and find delight in preaching.

Another article in The Watchtower explained that true Christians show their love for Jehovah by serving him faithfully. In that context, all Bible Students were encouraged to preach with as much zeal as possible.—Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

The Bible Students immediately made these changes. A few weeks after these articles appeared in The Watchtower, a congregation wrote to Bethel. Here are some of the articles: “Recent articles in The Watchtower have been very encouraging and encouraging

2 | THE WATCHTOWER

we are very strong. Now we not only read The Watchtower but also study it.” They also wrote, “Now everyone is willing to comment at congregation meetings, and this is a great help to our congregation.”

MEETINGS THAT ENCOURAGED GOD'S PEOPLE

In late May, a convention was held in London, England, and many of the Bible Students attended. All the printing presses in Britain had closed their offices. So the brothers at Brooklyn Bethel sent out a call for a brochure that discussed God's guidance for his people. This brochure was distributed to those in attendance.

On Thursday, May 29, the brothers began using the brochure. The convention program for that day stated: “We invite every Bible Student here to preach to others about Jesus and the Kingdom. Early in the morning, go to Alexandra Palace, and the brothers there will tell you what to do.”

More than 100,000 copies were distributed. The Watch Tower of July 15, 1926, reported: “The brothers were overjoyed. They felt that they had obeyed Jehovah's command to bear witness to him.”

The next day, Brother Rutherford gave a talk at the Royal Albert Hall about what would happen to the world's most powerful governments. Within minutes of the doors opening, 13,000 people packed the hall. Those who could not find a place in the hall listened at the door.

In his talk, Brother Rutherford said that mankind suffers because the governments have rejected Jehovah's anointed King and his Kingdom. Brother Rutherford spoke out against the League of Nations and called for it to be banned.

TRAVEL IN INDIA

While in London for a convention, Brother Rutherford met Edwin Skinner, a pioneer from Sheffield, England. After the convention, Brother Skinner returned to Sheffield. But Brother Ruth-erford asked him to meet her in London.

“I felt that he would tell me to go to another country and preach,” said Brother Skinner. He added: “When I received his message, the next day I went to London. . . . I had made up my mind that if he asked me to serve abroad, I would not hesitate to say, 'Yes, I will.'” And that is exactly what Brother Rutherford said. He asked her

A. Deliverance form

B. Alexandra Palace, London

D. Royal Albert Hall, London

DELIVERANCE!

WOULD

B

D

E. George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner while serving in India

IS. George Draper

HE

IS

“Would you like to go to India?” “When would you like me to go?” Edwin replied.

Brother George Wright was assigned to accompany Edwin to India, and just three weeks later, in July, they sailed away. Brother Skinner served as branch servant, overseeing the preaching work in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India, and Persia (Iran). Brother Skinner was an anointed Christian who served in India for 64 years until his death in 1990.

THE PILGRIMS TAKE THE LEAD IN THE PREACHING WORK

Beginning about 1894, the congregation sent out representatives to meet with various groups of Bible Students. In July 1926, the role of these representatives, called pilgrims, changed. The work of the Pilgrims is similar to that of circuit overseers today. At first, they used to visit the groups for one day, but from that month onward, they will visit the groups for two days, and they will be required to devote at least 100 hours each month to the preaching work.

Brother George Draper, a pilgrim, wrote to the congregation. He said that all the brothers, including the pilgrims, should be ready to warn people. A study of The Watchtower will help them to do so. Brother Draper was an anointed Christian, and he died in 1938.

NEW YORK CITY CONFERENCE

The last convention of the year was held on October 14-18, 1926, in New York City. The local newspapers agreed to advertise Brother Rutherford's talk, “Soon, the Greatest War on Earth.” But as the birthday approached, some of the major news agencies said they would no longer advertise the meeting.

The brothers decided to let everyone know what the media had done. So on Saturday, October 15, Brother R. J. Martin released a new tract entitled Against the People. This tract was designed to expose the wrongdoing of the media and to promote Brother Rutherford's talk. “We started printing our own literature,” said Brother Martin, “and our brothers will work hard until 1,250,000 copies of this tract have been printed. Then we will ask the brothers in attendance to distribute them.” After the morning meeting, the sisters began distributing tracts. And by evening, they had sold 300,000 tracts.

Over the weekend, the brothers sold more tracts than they did on Saturday. So in total, they sold over a million tracts! In addition, these zealous publishers placed 3,783 copies of the Deliverance book and 35,140 booklets.

4

THE WATCHTOWER

Judge Rutherford's Lecture Earth's Greatest Conflict Near Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 3 o'clock SEATS FREE NO COLLECTION

ernational Bible Students Association

F

G

F. Brother Rutherford's talk “Soon, the Greatest World War on Earth” was announced in a newspaper

G. The meeting at Madison Square Garden in New York, October 1926

On Saturday, October 17, at three o'clock in the afternoon, some 12,000 heard Brother Rutherford's talk. After his talk, some interested parties asked questions. As a result, over 9,000 books were placed, the largest number of books placed at a convention to date.

NEW BUILDING BUILT ON ADAMS STREET

At that time, there was a great demand for our literature, so the brothers taking the lead in Brooklyn saw the need for a larger printery. Over the years, they rented the building on Concord Street, but they found that it was no longer big enough for the business. So the brothers bought property on Adams Street not far from the house on Concord Street. They began building an eight-story building on the land they had purchased. This building will provide them with a large printing space.

The Adams Street building was completed in 1927, and it was a great help to the brothers. From 1927 onward, more and more people joined the Bible Students, and refinements were made in the congregation, and in 1931 they qualified to be called Jehovah's Witnesses.

Adams Street Library, Brooklyn, New York

OCTOBER 2026 5

DECEMBER 7-13, 2026

PSALM 46 We Thank You, Jehovah

WHAT WE WILL LEARN You will learn how to cultivate appreciation and how to show it by your words and deeds.

Show Your Appreciation

“Show yourselves thankful.”—COL. 3:15.

JOHN*, a 95-year-old brother, is very physically challenged and has caregivers. Every day when someone visited her or did something even small to help her, she said, “Thank you.” Then he writes the person's name on a piece of paper. At night when she goes to sleep, she tells the caregiver to hold her and kneel down to pray. Then he thanked Jehovah for everyone who visited him or did something to help him during the day. One of his caregivers said, “Although John is very poor, he is always happy and cheerful.” John's experience shows that a grateful person is often happier and does not lose his joy even when he is going through difficult times.

2 Sadly, many today lack appreciation. The Bible foretold that during the last days, people would be unthankful. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) For some, it is simply a matter of forgetting to express appreciation. But there are many people who find themselves so selfish that they do not feel grateful when they are kind. Those who do are often selfish.

* This is not his real name.

1. What do you learn from John's experience? (See also pictures.) 2. How do many people act today?

6

A grateful person is happier and less anxious

(See paragraph 1)

3 Jehovah's worshipers must not adopt this bad attitude that is so common. The apostle Paul wrote: “Show yourselves thankful.” (Col. 3:15) So when someone does something kind for us, we should do something to show that we appreciate it, not just to enjoy it. In this article, we will answer three questions: (1) Why should we be grateful? (2) What will help us to deepen our appreciation? (3) How can we show appreciation?

WHY SHOULD WE BE HAPPY?

4 If we are not grateful, we will hurt ourselves. Ungrateful people are often unhappy. The Bible says: “All the days of the afflicted one are bad.” (Proverbs 15:15) We all face challenges that cause us discouragement. Although we cannot do anything about all the problems we face, we can do something about how we see them. If we focus on our problems, we will always feel sorry for ourselves. If that happens, we will lose our joy and happiness.

5 When we are grateful, we benefit ourselves. When we are grateful, we are happy. Proverbs 15:15 also says: “The one that is good at heart has a feast constantly.” “The one who is good at heart” focuses on the good things in his life and is grateful for them. So, he was often happy. As a result, his problems do not bother him much. It is easy for “the one having a good heart” to be grateful, which makes him happy, or, as it were, “a feast.”

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. If we pray and express our gratitude to Jehovah, we will not be overly “anxious.” Why do we say that? Appreciation for the things we have moves us to focus on how Jehovah helps us, and thus

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. If we are not grateful, how do we hurt ourselves?

5. How does being grateful make us happy?

6. Why will we not be overly “heartbroken” when we thank Jehovah? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

OCTOBER 2026 7

Isaiah 33:6 “He is the stability of your times” ♡

Each day, take time to reflect on the good things you have (See paragraphs 9-10)

we are not very patient. If we focus on how Jehovah cares for us, we will be confident that he will care for us in the future, and we will not be overly anxious. (Matt. 6:25-34) Moreover, when we thank Jehovah in prayer and ask for his help, he sees our tears and our pain and gives us “the peace of God.” This peace gives us peace of mind because we have a strong relationship with Jehovah and are not overly anxious.

7 If we are grateful, our friendship with Jehovah will become stronger. Every good thing we have comes from Jehovah. (Read James 1:17.) He has given us many things. These include the ransom and the hope of everlasting life. Why did he give us these things? It is because of his love for us, not because of anything we have done. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) Appreciation for Jehovah's love and provisions will strengthen our love for him and our faith in him.

WHAT WILL HELP US TO BE HAPPY?

8 Think about the good things Jehovah has done for you in the past. For example, think about a time when you faced a difficult situation. Perhaps you have lost a loved one in death, have suffered a serious illness, or have been persecuted for serving Jehovah. What helped you during that time? Of course, you cannot cope in your own strength. Instead, you know that if Jehovah had not given you his superpower, you would not have been able to endure. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) So when you meditate on all the good things Jehovah has done for you in the past, your appreciation for him will grow.—Psalm 103:2.

9 Think about the good things you have now. The Bible urges us: “In connection with everything give thanks.” (1 Thess. 5:18) Each day, focus on the good things you have. You can take a time out of the day to do that. For example, you can do it in the morning when you wake up, to start the day on a positive note.

7. How does appreciation strengthen our relationship with Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. Why is it good to meditate on the good things Jehovah has done for us in the past? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What good things has Jehovah given you that you enjoy each day? (See also picture.)

8 THE WATCHTOWER

Or you can do it at night when you go to bed, to end the day on a positive note. (Psalm 92:1, 2) Like John, mentioned in the preceding paragraph, you might write down the good things that happened during the day. What good things can you write down?

10 First, reflect on what Jehovah has done for you during the day. (Psalm 40:5) For example, you can thank him for always listening to your prayers. You can also thank him for scriptures that comfort you. In addition, you might thank him for an article you read or a video you watched on jw.org or JW Library that helped you to cope with a problem. (Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) You can also meditate on the wonderful things Jehovah has done to make life enjoyable. For example, you might thank him for the beauty of the sunset. You might also thank him for a delicious meal or for good friends who care about you. We thank Jehovah for giving us “life and breath,” which make it possible for us to enjoy all these things. (Acts 17:25) What other good things has Jehovah given you today that you can write down?—Eph. 5:20.

11 Because you are united with your worldwide brotherhood, you have many good things to think about. (Psalm 133:1; Proverbs 18:24) For example, perhaps a brother or a sister did something kind or said something that encouraged you, and you can thank him for it. (Proverbs 12:25; 16:24) You can also express appreciation for even a small act of consideration. Here is an example of this. One sister who lost her daughter in death found it difficult to sing at congregation meetings because she was so sad. “One time when we were attending a congregation meeting,” she says, “a sister noticed that I was crying. She came to where I was standing, put her hand on my shoulder, and we sang together. This made me very grateful to my brothers.” This example shows that we can truly appreciate anything our brothers do to show love for us.

12 When we reflect on the good things Jehovah has done for us in the past and the good things he does for us now, our appreciation for him will grow. But how can we show appreciation for what Jehovah and others do for us?

WHAT CAN WE DO TO SHOW THAT WE ARE GRATEFUL?

13 How can we show that we appreciate what Jehovah does for us? Paul said that we can thank Jehovah “in word or deed.” (Col. 3:15, 17) Therefore, we should tell Jehovah that we appreciate what he does for us. But that's not all we have to do. We must also do so by our actions. In addition, Jehovah wants us to show appreciation for what others do for us by our words and deeds. Let us consider ways in which we can show by our words and deeds that we appreciate what Jehovah and others do for us.

14 Show appreciation by your words. Whenever people do you a favor or say something thoughtful, thank them. Sometimes you can even text them or write them a letter

11-12. Why can we appreciate our brothers?

13. How can we show appreciation for what others do for us?

14. In what ways can you express appreciation in your speech? (See also photos.)

OCTOBER 2026

9

What can you do for people to show that you appreciate them? (See paragraph 14)

to thank them. For example, you might send a text message to thank an elder who visited you and your family and encouraged you. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) Also, from time to time, you can commend the wives of congregation elders for allowing their husbands to use some of their time to visit and encourage the brothers.

15 The greatest person we should thank is Jehovah, and we do so when we pray. (Eph. 6:18) When we pray, we often ask Jehovah for something or to ask him to help us. We may ask him to help us cope with a difficult situation, to give us wisdom to make good decisions, or to forgive a sin we have committed. But we should not forget to thank him for the many things he does for us. (Psalm 95:2) At times, we do well to ask ourselves, 'When I pray, do I remember to thank Jehovah for the good things he has done for me, or am I asking too much?'

15. How can we use our speech to thank Jehovah?

16 Show appreciation by your actions. When someone does something to show that you care, do something in return to show your appreciation. Jesus said that giving makes us happy. So if you do something for others to thank them, you will be happy. (Acts 20:35) It will also make others happy because they will see that you love them. This will make them love you more and strengthen your friendship with them.

17 We can show Jehovah by our actions that we really appreciate what he does for us. What can we do for Jehovah? We can “present [our] bodies a sacrifice living.” (Read Romans 12:1.) This means that we must continue to use our whole life, including our mind and strength, to do Jehovah's will. What are some things that if

16. Why should we do something to thank others?

17-18. How can we show by our actions that we appreciate what Jehovah does for us? (Romans 12:1)

10 | THE WATCHTOWER

do we show that we are doing Jehovah's will?

18 When we learned about all that Jehovah has done for us, our appreciation for him deeply moved us to dedicate ourselves to him and get baptized. Jehovah is pleased when we continue to use our time, energy, money, and other resources to serve him. For example, we read and meditate on the Bible daily, preach the good news of the Kingdom, attend and participate in congregation meetings regularly, and make contributions to support Jehovah's organization and the preaching work. (Ps. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) When we do all we can to serve Jehovah to the best of our ability, we show that we really appreciate what he does for us.—Col. 3:23, 24.

19 Although many today are not grateful, we know that it is good to be grateful and to show it by our words and deeds. If we do so, we will be happier, less anxious, and above all, our friendship with Jehovah will be stronger. When we meditate on what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he is doing for us now, our appreciation for him will grow. Jehovah will also show us that he appreciates all that we do to serve him and will richly bless us now and in the future.—Psalm 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19. Why do you want to show Jehovah and others that you appreciate what they do for you?

WHAT WE SEE IN THE PICTURES Page 7: This picture shows what John did to show his appreciation. Page 8: A sister is not doing well during the day, but she is thinking about some good things she has, such as some scriptures she read that comforted her.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ Why should we be grateful?

■ What will help us to cultivate appreciation?

■ What can we do to show appreciation?

PSALM 139 Imagine Yourself in the New World

DECEMBER 14-20, 2026

LALA 143

Keep Working, Protecting, And Waiting

WHAT WE WILL LEARN

Jehovah is doing three wonderful things today, and we will view them as a great privilege to work with him.

Do Not Underestimate Your Potential in the Miracle That Is Taking Place Today

“By this all will know that you are my disciples.”—JOHN 15:14. 13:35.

IMAGINE that you are standing with the Israelites on the shore of the Red Sea and you see Jehovah part the Red Sea so that you can escape the Egyptians. No doubt you will be very surprised, will you not? Also, think back to the time when Jesus was on earth, healing the sick and even raising the dead. If you had been there to see it with your own eyes, you would have been thrilled! These are just some of the miracles recorded in the Bible. Any honesthearted person who observes this miracle will see that it is from God. (Matt. 15:31) But many years have passed since these miracles were performed. Is God performing miracles today? Yes! How do we know?

2 Something that humans cannot do or fully understand can be called a miracle. It is something that Jehovah does by means of his power. In this article, we will discuss three of the wonderful things that Jehovah is doing through his organization today. We can call them miracles because only Jehovah can make them happen. As we consider each of these, we will see how we can work with Jehovah in performing these wonderful works.—Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

A AMAZING SUCCESS

3 Over 2,500 years ago, the prophet Isaiah foretold that the number of God's servants would increase greatly in our time. (Read Isaiah 60:22.) Has this prophecy come true? Consider: In 1914

1-2. (a) What miracles are recorded in the Bible? (b) What can be called a miracle? And how can we have confidence in the wonderful things Jehovah is doing today? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can we say that Jehovah's people have become “a mighty nation”? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also picture.)

12

Since 1914, Jehovah has blessed his people in a wonderful way (See paragraph 3)

2026 More than 9,000,000

1914 About 5,000

In the year 33 CE, there were about 5,000 people on earth serving Jehovah. Since 1914, however, this relatively small number, referred to in the book of Isaiah as “the little one,” has grown to over nine million. For comparison, there are more than 130 countries with a population of less than nine million. Today, there are more people on earth who know and love Jehovah than ever before. They are located in 240 countries. True, Jehovah's Witnesses are few in number when compared with members of many religions. Nevertheless, the prophecy recorded at Isaiah 60:22 regarding Jehovah's people has clearly been fulfilled. Yes! “The little one” has indeed become “a mighty nation.”

4 Many churches are proud to baptize infants, but we do not. In addition, we do not encourage people who do not live by Jehovah's standards to become Witnesses or to teach that people can choose to live by these standards in order to attract more Witnesses. Instead, before becoming Witnesses, each of us studied the Bible and made changes so that we could live in harmony with it. For many of us, this required major changes in our thinking and actions. (1 Cor. 6:9-11) As a result, we are recognized as evangelizers, and we are able to preach to others so that they too can come to know and worship Jehovah. Then we dedicate ourselves to Jehovah, promising to do his will come what may. Then we were baptized.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 Our growth is remarkable because only Jehovah can make it happen. Something Jesus said shows that it is not easy to become his disciple. He said: “If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and continually follow me.” (Matt. 16:24) This means that if a person wants to be a follower of Jesus, he must be willing to suffer or even die for his faith in Jesus. That

4. Why is the growth of Jehovah's Witnesses remarkable?

5. What did Jesus tell his followers would happen to them?

OCTOBER 2026 13

They Were Persecuted But They Continued to Flourish

Jehovah's Witnesses were severely persecuted during World War II, but something amazing happened; their numbers continued to grow. One Nazi who persecuted the Witnesses said: “The more you persecute them, the more they increase.”

Consider what happened at the same time in the Netherlands. The 1986 Yearbook reported: “Although God's people were arrested, imprisoned, sent to concentration camps, and some were executed, the number of publishers doubled in just two years. In 1943, there were 1,379 publishers in the Netherlands. So even though the brothers faced very difficult circumstances, Jehovah blessed their work and made it flourish.”

the people of old, so that they would stop following Jesus. Shortly after Jesus ascended to heaven, the religious leaders tried to stop his disciples from preaching. They had the apostles arrested and brought before the Sanhedrin, the Jewish high court. These religious leaders wanted to kill the apostles; but Gamaliel, a Pharisee, warned them: “Have nothing to do with these men, but leave them alone. For if this counsel or this work is from men, it will be overthrown; but if it is from God, you will not be able to overthrow them. (Acts 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Gamaliel's words came true. After Jesus' disciples were released, the religious leaders continued to oppose them, but they could not stop the work of the faithful disciples. Instead, many listened to them and became Christians! (Acts 6:7) Why did that happen? This was because with God's backing, they continued to preach and to prosper despite persecution.—Acts 20:25. 1:8.

7 Today, many are accepting the truth, even though they may be opposed or opposed by family members, workmates, and others. Why did these new disciples choose to “pick up their torture stake”? They did so because they loved Jehovah and trusted that he would keep his promise to care for them. Jehovah keeps his promise, giving them “the power beyond what is normal” to cope. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When family members oppose them because of their beliefs, they feel as did the psalmist who said: “In case my own father and my own mother did leave me, even Jehovah himself would take me up.” (Psalm 27:

for example, Jesus foretold that his followers would be brought before governors and kings to defend their faith. (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also warned his followers that powerful religious leaders would oppose them. (John 16:2) Jesus also said that some would be opposed by their relatives when they saw that they were serving Jehovah.—Matt. 10:34-36.

6 As Jesus foretold, many hated Christ.

6. Why were opposers unable to stop the preaching work of the early Christians?

7. How do Jesus' disciples today imitate the early Christians? (See also the box “They Continued to Flourish.”)

14 THE WATCHTOWER

10) Indeed, the fact that so many become Jesus' disciples, even though it means suffering, is truly amazing.

8 Each time we bear witness about Jehovah, we are working with him and Jesus in the miracle of growth. Jehovah and Jesus help us in our preaching work. Jesus promised us: “I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.” (Matt. 28:20) Angels also support our preaching work.—Rev. 14:6, 7.

A WONDERFUL UNITY

9 The prophet Micah foretold another marvelous development that is taking place in our time—the remarkable unity of Jehovah's people. Jehovah inspired Micah to foretell a group of men and women whom Jehovah would gather together. (Read Micah 2:12.) How is this prophecy being fulfilled today? Today, Jehovah's people are united, even though they come from many backgrounds. They feel as did David. He wrote: “Look! How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity!”—Psalm 133:1.

10 Today, there is much evidence that we are united. For example, no matter where we live, we study the same Bible material at congregation meetings, assemblies, and conventions. Worldwide, Witnesses from many parts and countries work together to build Kingdom Halls and to work together at branch facilities. We love each other very much. In the world, rich and poor often do not get along, people of different backgrounds do not get along, and people do not get along with people of different political affiliations. But there is no such thing among Jehovah's people. Wherever we go around the world, our loving brothers and sisters want to help us and encourage us to continue serving Jehovah. Today, many people from all walks of life are striving to think as Jehovah does and to do his will. And nothing like this has ever happened before.

11 Our unity was a miracle because wherever you go in the world, people are very divided. Around the world, people are divided in different ways. Every day, there are reports of riots, riots, bombings, rebellions, or civil wars. Unfortunately, the world is very divided, and it is full of terrible problems. As the Bible foretold, people have become “disloyal, . . . disloyal, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, fierce, without love of goodness, betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride.” (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Although “the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one [and his demons],” we continue to serve Jehovah joyfully as a united family. (1 John 5:19; Rev. 12:9) What a marvelous prospect!

12 We can contribute to the unity of Jehovah's people. What can we do to make that happen? We need to listen carefully to what Jehovah teaches us and then apply it. Why? Because what we learn from the Bible helps us to be patient, forgiving, reasonable, and kind. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) Each time we were to ignore a brother's weaknesses, we would be rejecting him

8. What are we doing to make this amazing growth possible?

9-10. How is the prophecy recorded at Micah 2:12 being fulfilled today?

11. Why can we say that our unity is a miracle?

12. What can we do to promote unity among Jehovah's people?

OCTOBER 2026 | 15

God's people show genuine love for one another and for others (See verse 14)

When we forgive or forgive, we are working with Jehovah to accomplish a miracle in his organization.

WONDERFUL LOVE

13 Jesus said that the love they show for one another would identify his true followers. (Read John 13:35.) Christians in the first century showed love for one another in various ways. For example, they shared what they had with those in need. (Acts 2:44, 45) They prayed for those who were being persecuted. (Acts 12:5) They cared for orphans and widows. (Jas. 1:27) And even Christians who were poor contributed toward the needs of fellow believers. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) After the time of Jesus' apostles, the writer Tertullian wrote about the early Christians. Notice what he said: 'What a love they have for one another, and they are willing to die for one another.'

14 Today, like the early Christians, God's people love one another

13. In what ways did Christians in the first century show love for one another? (John 13:35)

14. In what ways do Jehovah's people show love today? (See also photos.)

acute. We also show love for non-Witnesses by preaching the good news. And we make donations to support the preaching work. No one begged or forced us to make a donation, and we were not required to tithe. Love also moves us to comfort our brothers in times of distress.* In addition, we strive to help one another to remain calm, joyful, and spiritually strong. This is in harmony with a counsel given by the apostle Paul. He wrote: “Speak consolingly to the depressed souls, support the weak, be long-suffering toward all.” (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has welcomed us into a worldwide family. Members of this family show genuine love for one another and for others.

15 The love shown by Jehovah's people is remarkable because they are doing so in a world where many are selfish. The apostle Paul wrote that in our time, people would be “lovers of themselves, lovers of money, . . . lovers of pleasures.” They don’t want to

* For example, see the article “Disaster Relief in 2022—Showing Brotherly Love,” on jw.org.

15. Why is the love we show for one another wonderful?

16 THE WATCHTOWER

God, and they “have no natural affection.” (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus foretold that people would betray others. And he added that “the love of the greater number [of people] will cool off.” (Matt. 24:10, 12) Is that not true today? In Jehovah's strength, his people continue to show genuine love for one another. Without a doubt, it is a miracle that is happening today!

16 When we sincerely commend others for their good conduct and try to keep peace with them, we are showing love. (Mark 9:50) When we continue to show love in our speech and actions, we give evidence that we are God's people. When we show love, we are, in effect, working with God to perform a miracle in his organization today.

DO NOT UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU CAN DO

17 The growth of the congregation, as well as the unity and love that exist among us, give evidence that Jehovah is doing wonderful things today. Although many oppose our worldwide work, many are becoming Witnesses. People are very divided in different ways around the world, but we are united. Although the love of many has cooled off worldwide, we continue to show genuine love for God and for one another, thus proving that we are true followers of Christ. (John 13:34) Not only do we see this miracle but we also share in it, for “we are God’s fellow workers.”—1 Cor. 3:9.

18 It is amazing that in this troubled world, God's servants around the world are flourishing, united, and showing genuine love for one another. It really is a miracle! This miracle gives us confidence that all of Jehovah's promises for the future will come true. (2 Pet. 3:13) Never forget that it is a great privilege to work with God to make things happen today.

16. In what ways can we show love for one another?

17. What convinces you that Jehovah is doing wonderful things today?

18. What assurance do Jehovah's miracles today give you?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What can we do to share in the wonderful growth?

■ What can we do to share in the marvelous unity of Jehovah's servants?

■ What can we do to share in the wonderful love shown by Jehovah's servants for one another?

PSALM 154 Love Never Fails

DECEMBER 21-27, 2026

PSALM 135 Jehovah Says: “My Son, Be Courageous”

WHAT WE CAN LEARN When young people make good friends, they can help them to serve Jehovah more fully.

Good Friends Will Help You to Serve Jehovah More Fully

“Man can overpower one alone, but two together can oppose one another.”—ECCL. 4:12.

WE ALL want to serve Jehovah, our God, in the best way. But of course, this is not always easy to do. Why? Because people in the world are trying to distance us from Jehovah. Therefore, we must work hard to avoid their thinking. Something we need to be on guard against, especially for our young ones, is the world's view of friendship. For example, some youths who do not know Jehovah feel that it is very important to have many friends, even if these friends are not close or trustworthy. Some of them think that they can only trust their peers. And some of them even think that they don't need friends. How do Jehovah and Jesus view friendship?

2 Jehovah wants us to have friends who will help us to serve him well. His Son, Jesus, chose such friends. Shortly before giving his life as a ransom, he commended his faithful apostles: “You are the ones that have stuck with me in my trials.” He did not see them as mere followers; he saw them as his friends. (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) A good friend is always there, not only in good times but also “in times of distress.” (Proverbs 17:17) Good friends help us to

1. How do young people who do not know Jehovah find friends? 2. (a) With whom did Jesus have close friendships? (b) Why do we need good friends? (Ecclesiastes 4:9-12)

18

we do what is right, and they comfort us when we are discouraged. (Read Ecclesiastes 4:9-12.) * Such friends will help you to continue serving Jehovah faithfully even when doing so is not easy. And when you work together in Jehovah's service, you will not only find great joy but also friendships that will last forever.

3 If you are a young person, how can good associates help you to serve Jehovah more fully? Why can your parents and others who love Jehovah be good friends to you? We will now consider the prophet Daniel and how he was able to meet some seemingly insurmountable challenges. We will also see how Daniel's best Friend, Jehovah, helped him when he felt alone.

GOOD FRIENDS WILL HELP YOU TO SERVE JEHOVAH

4 When Daniel was a young man, the situation in the kingdom of Judah was very bad. Jehovah is not pleased with the kingdom of Judah because most of its people have stopped serving him. Thus, in 620 B.C.E. In 607 B.C.E., Jehovah allowed Babylonian King Nebuchadnezzar to rule over them. (Dan. 1:2) Daniel may have been between 13 and 19 years old when this happened. About three years later, the Babylonian army took many Jews captive to Babylon, including Daniel and his family. Then Daniel was taken to the palace of the king of Babylon to be educated. (Dan. 1:3-6) As a result, Daniel was separated from his homeland and his family.

* Although these verses are often used in connection with marriage, the main point is why it is good for us to have friends.

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. What happened to Daniel when he was a young man?

5 What helped Daniel to remain faithful to Jehovah in Babylon? The Bible says that Daniel “determined in his heart” to obey Jehovah's laws. (Dan. 1:8) How did Daniel come to know these laws? Who helped him to make the decision to serve Jehovah when he was young? Definitely, his parents. Why do we say that? They named him Daniel, which means “My Judge Is God.” The name Daniel indicated that they wanted him to become a worshiper of Jehovah.—Deut. 6:6, 7.

6 Daniel may also have been influenced by Jeremiah's good example. Why is it reasonable to say that? When Daniel was born, Jeremiah was Jehovah's prophet, and Jehovah sent him to the king of Judah and the noble families of Judah to deliver His message. Jeremiah began this work in 647 BCE, and Daniel's family was evidently among the families to whom he was sent. (Jer. 1:2, 17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) Although we cannot be sure that Jeremiah met or became friends with Daniel, there is no doubt that Daniel was familiar with Jeremiah's prophecies. Even when Daniel was old, he read Jeremiah's prophecies. (Jer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) Jeremiah's example no doubt helped Daniel to see that he could be courageous and remain faithful to Jehovah even when he was surrounded by those who served Him.

7 We can be sure that Daniel's parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah had a good influence on him. They helped him to develop a close relationship with Jehovah.

8 Today, parents can likewise help their children to love Jehovah. How can they do that? If you are a parent, you might ask yourself:

5-6. Who evidently had a good influence on Daniel?

7-8. How can parents and others who serve Jehovah strengthen young ones to remain faithful to him?

OCTOBER 2026 19

'Am I helping my children to know what to do, such as when they were asked to salute the flag? Am I training them to make good decisions when faced with potentially dangerous memories? Am I teaching them what to do when they encounter inappropriate content online? Have I helped them to strengthen their faith and remain faithful to Jehovah during the great tribulation?’ Continue to strengthen your children’s love for Jehovah and their trust in him. How will you do this? Talk to your children about Jehovah. Encourage them to comment at congregation meetings, and invite them to share in the ministry. Just as Jeremiah set a good example for Daniel, we who love Jehovah can set a good example for younger ones. So make time for them and make friends with them.

GOOD FRIENDS HELP US TO KEEP DOING WHAT IS WRONG

9 When Daniel and the other young men were taken captive to Babylon, they faced situations that could have led them to do bad things. As soon as they arrived in Babylon, the Babylonians tried to make these young men act like them. These young men were also trained to serve in the king's household. So they had to be careful not to do anything that displeased Jehovah.

10 At first, what they were asked to do seemed trivial. The king ordered that Daniel and the other young men be fed from his variety of food. They knew that they should not eat some of these foods because they were unclean in Jehovah's eyes. (Dan. 1:5, 8)

They could have said, ‘This is nothing. We are the king's slaves, and so we must do what he says. Also, if we do not do what the king says, he will be angry with us, and our situation will be ruined.’ They had to decide whether to obey the king or not.

11 Many young men from Judah were being trained in Babylon. But the Bible says that only four of them remained faithful to Jehovah. They are Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah. These four friends helped one another to do what was right and to obey Jehovah. They remained faithful to Jehovah because they did not eat the king's food. As a result, Jehovah blessed them.—Dan. 1:6-12, 17.

12 As a young person, do you sometimes feel that you have to listen to other youths when they tell you to do something wrong? Daniel and his friends helped each other make good decisions. Like them, choose as friends those who are determined to remain loyal to Jehovah and who do not want to be influenced by the world. (1 John 2:15-17) Good friends can help you to be faithful even in “what is least” so that you can have Jehovah's blessing and support. (Luke 16:10) And obeying Jehovah in seemingly insignificant matters will help you to remain faithful under difficult circumstances.

GOOD FRIENDS WILL HELP YOU TO TRUST IN JEHOVAH UNDER DIFFICULT SITUATIONS

13 Good friends help one another through difficult times. This is my story

9. While in Babylon, what did Daniel and the other young men need to be on guard against?

10. What was the first test that the young men of Judah faced?

11. How did Daniel and his friends strengthen one another? (See also cover photo.)

12. What will help young ones to keep on doing what is right?

13. What difficult situation did Daniel and his friends face?

20 THE WATCHTOWER

Daniel and his three companions confirm this. King Nebuchadnezzar once had a dream that frightened him. So he wanted to understand the meaning of the dream. So he had the magicians and enchanters brought before him. He asked them to tell him the dream and interpret it. No human could do what he asked of them! (Dan. 2:3, 9-11) The king told them that if they did not tell him the meaning of the dream, he would have them and all the other wise men of Babylon killed. Daniel and his friends were among the wise men of Babylon. So, as this story unfolded, what did they do?

14 Daniel respectfully asked the king for time to interpret the dream. Daniel then found his friends. He explained what had happened and “told them to pray to the God of the heavens for mercy concerning this mystery,” so that he and they would not be destroyed. (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah listened to their heartfelt prayers. He revealed the dream to Daniel and interpreted it. Daniel interpreted the king's dream, and none of them were killed. The king gave Daniel and his friends high positions in Babylon. —Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

15 You can learn some good lessons from this account. First, when you are going through a difficult situation, you do not have to face it alone. Don’t be ashamed to ask for help. Second, do not hesitate to ask people to pray for you about a matter. (2 Cor. 1:11) Think of the wonderful ways in which Jehovah may answer your prayers and those of others. Jehovah, the “Hearer of prayer,” can help you to do what you may feel is difficult to do. (Ps. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) If we have friends who serve Jehovah, we can be sure that they will help us through difficult times.—Read Galatians 6:2.

A BEST FRIEND THAT CAN HELP YOU IN ANY SITUATION

16 There is always a friend who can help you. It can help you even when you are alone. Do you know who it is? He is Jehovah. Let's think about Daniel again. When he was over 90 years old

14. How did Daniel and his friends help one another? (See also photos.)

15. What do we learn from Daniel's example? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What happened to Daniel in his old age?

How did Daniel's friends strengthen him in a difficult situation? (See paragraph 14)

Do you think that God's friends are ever alone? (See paragraph 18)

In the year 33 CE, he faced a situation that challenged his faith. At that time, Babylon was ruled by the Medes and the Persians. And the new king, Darius, gives Daniel a high position. So some of the king's servants became very jealous of him and plotted to kill him. They persuaded the king to make a law that no one should pray to any god except the king. But Daniel kept praying to Jehovah, and so he was thrown into the lions' pit. Here is Daniel in the lions' pit with no one to help him. But is it true that no one has a seat?—Dan. 6:4-16.

17 Daniel 6:19-23 shows that Daniel was not alone. (Read.) Jehovah God, the strongest friend anyone could have, sent an angel to rescue Daniel from the lions. The next morning when King Darius went to the lions' pit, Daniel told him: “My own God sent his angel and shut the mouth of the lions, . . . because before him nothing bad was found in me.” (Dan. 6:22) When Daniel's life was in danger, he continued to trust in his best Friend, Jehovah, and that gave him courage.

17. What enabled Daniel to be courageous when his life was in danger? (Daniel 6:19-23)

18 Do you feel lonely because you are far away from your friends and family? For example, you may have served in a faraway land, or you may have had to move to another location. Or perhaps you are sick or imprisoned for serving Jehovah. Such situations can make you feel lonely or helpless. But never forget that you have a friend who will never leave you. Jehovah knows exactly what you are going through, and he can help you to protect yourself no matter where you are. (Psalm 139:7-10) Be assured that Jehovah sees you and will help you.

YOU WILL MAKE FRIENDS FOREVER

19 Today, we need good associates. Why? Because the Bible shows that in these last days, we will need good friends more than ever. For example, the apostle Paul wrote about the time leading up to Jehovah's day: “Keep comforting one another and building one another up,

18. (a) Why is it important to draw close to God? (b) And how can the box “Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend” help you to draw closer to him? (See also photos.)

19. Why is it vital that we have good friends today? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 THE WATCHTOWER

but." (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11.) The apostle Peter also spoke about the last days when he said: “Above all things, have intense love for one another.”—1 Pet. 4:7, 8.

20 Good friends are a gift from Jehovah, and we need them more than ever. So, like Daniel, make friends. Look for people in your congregation who are like Jeremiah and who can encourage you and imitate them. Associate with friends who will help you to remain faithful to Jehovah. Don't be ashamed to ask people to pray for you when you need it. Above all, never forget that Jehovah is your best Friend. He will never leave you. (Heb. 13:5) So if Jehovah is our best Friend, we will help one another to remain faithful to him and to enjoy everlasting friendship with him.

20. What kind of friends do you want to have? And if we choose the right friends, what will be the result?

WHAT WE SEE IN THE PICTURE Cover: Daniel and his friends are determined to do what is right and to be honest.

Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend

Do you find it difficult to see Jehovah as your Father or as someone you can trust? If so, try to do something each day that will draw you closer to him.

● Prayer: Talk to Jehovah in prayer; he wants to hear what you have to say.

● Spend time with Jehovah: Read and meditate on the Bible, and listen to what Jehovah tells you. Learn what it likes and dislikes, how it has helped people in the past and how it can help you.

● Be patient: Remember, it takes time to build trust and close friendships. So continue to draw closer to Jehovah, for he wants you to be his friend.

For more information, see Questions Young People Ask—Answers That Can Help You, Volume 2, chapter 35.

HOW GOOD FRIENDS HELP US . . .

■ to keep on doing what is right?

■ when we are facing difficult situations?

■ when we are bored or lonely?

PSALM 161 I Delight To Do Your Will

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

Read the Daily Text

“They continued with the teaching, carefully examining the Scriptures daily.”—ACTS 17:11. 17:11.

PSALM 162 God Must Be Known

WHAT WE WILL LEARN

This article will help us to see why it is important to take time to read the daily text and will give us some suggestions on how to do so.

IN 1905, Jehovah's organization published a book containing the daily text and the comments from Zion's Watch Tower. This helped the brothers to read and meditate on a scripture each day of the year. Jehovah's people used this publication until 1927. Thereafter, the Year Book was supplemented by the daily text and the comments from The Watchtower.* The Year Book was published annually. Therefore, each year, a variety of scriptures and articles from The Watchtower were included, giving the brothers many scriptures to meditate on.

2 Starting in 1986, the congregation began producing a booklet called Examining the Scriptures Daily, which contains the daily text. This book is now translated into over 300 languages. You can also find the daily text by opening the JW Library® app, Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY™ (wol.jw.org), or Watchtower Library.

3 Because of our busy schedule, we may at times find it difficult to read the daily text. Therefore, in this study, we will answer three questions. They are: What Bible account can encourage us to read the daily text? Why is it good to read the daily text? And how can we do it?

* At that time, the Yearbook was not available in some languages, including Ga. However, each month, the scriptures for each day of the month are listed and the explanations are found in that month's Watchtower.

1-2. What has Jehovah's organization done in the past to make sure that the brothers have a text to meditate on each day? Where can we find the daily text today?

3. Why might it sometimes be difficult for us to read the daily text? And what three questions will be answered in this article?

24

A BIBLE STORY THAT CAN ENCOURAG US

4 The scripture on which the study is based shows that the Jews in Beroea wanted to understand what it meant. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Bible shows that these Jews were very interested in Paul's preaching. Thus, the Bible says that they have “good qualities.” They compared Paul's preaching with what they read in the Scriptures, and they saw that what Paul taught was the truth. We do the same when we attend a congregation meeting, an assembly, or a convention. At these meetings, when the speaker gives a talk and reads the scriptures, we follow along in our Bible. We do that to make sure that what the speaker is saying is true.

5 “Many of [the Beroeans] became believers in the Lord.” (Acts 17:12) Soon, though, some Jews who had persecuted Paul in Thessalonica came to Beroea and spoke against him, causing many in the city to persecute the Beroeans who had become Christians. (Acts 17:13) But that did not discourage the Beroeans who had become Christians. Because they studied the Scriptures daily, they were convinced that they had found the truth, and that helped them to endure. Similarly, reading the Scriptures daily will strengthen our faith and help us to endure difficult situations.

WHY READ THE DAILY TEXT REGULARLY?

6 We read the daily text because we want to show Jehovah that we love him

4. How did the Beroeans respond to Paul's preaching? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did the Beroeans benefit from studying the Scriptures daily?

6. Why should we read the daily text? (See the box “Daily Worship Activities Recorded in the Bible.”)

Daily Worship Activities Recorded in the Bible

• The Mosaic Law required that the priests offer sacrifices daily.—Ex. 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the Law and to meditate on it “day and night.”—Josh. 1:8.

• Jehovah commanded the kings of Israel to make a copy of his Law for themselves and to read it daily.—Deut. 17:18-20.

• The composer of Psalm 1 encouraged us to delight in reading God's Word “day and night.”—Psalm 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed three times a day.—Dan. 6:10.

• The book of Revelation says that the great crowd serves Jehovah at his temple “day and night.”—Rev. 7:15.

we respect it. Jehovah is our God, so it is very important that we do something for him every day. Jehovah loves us and wants us to live forever. (John 3:16) The Bible shows that Jehovah is pleased when we do something for him each day to show that we love and respect him. Many have found that reading the daily text encourages them to take time to pray, to read the Bible, and to meditate on it.

OCTOBER 2026 25

7 We read the text each day because doing so shows that we are using our time wisely. (Read Ephesians 5:15, 16.) How good it is to take time each day to learn how our loving Father, Jehovah, thinks and to be influenced by it! There is nothing we can do every day that is better.

8 We read the daily text because it helps us to cope with the problems we face each day. Jesus said that “each day has its own anxieties.” (Matt. 6:34) Jesus knew that we would face many trials. But it also tells us that we can be sure that Jehovah knows what we are going through and what we need. (Matt. 6:25-32) Reading the text each day can help us to avoid becoming overly anxious about our problems. Rather, it helps us to focus on what Jehovah is doing to help us. (Ps. 68:19; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7) For example, a 19-year-old sister was deeply distressed over a past sin because she was not sure that Jehovah had forgiven her. So he prayed to Jehovah to assure him of His forgiveness. Then he read the daily text. The scripture is Psalm 86:5, which reads: “You, O Jehovah, are good and ready to forgive; and the loving-kindness to all those calling upon you is abundant.” “I immediately felt better,” she says, “and I thanked Jehovah for making me feel loved. That experience encouraged me to read the daily text every day.”

9 The daily text often reminds us to rely on Jehovah when we face problems. (Proverbs 3:5, 6) For example, on the day the Russia-Ukraine war began, the daily text was based on a portion of Isaiah 30:15, which says: “If you keep silent and trust in me, you will be strong.” This article was a source of encouragement to the brothers in Ukraine. A brother named Eduard says: “This scripture gave us new strength. My wife and I read it together that morning. Afterward, we prayed, and we felt strengthened to cope with anxiety.” “Isaiah 30:15 really helped us,” says a sister named Svitlana. “We kept thinking about it during the war.”

10 We read the daily text because it helps us to endure and to remain faithful. As Jehovah's servants, we need to be different from those with whom we go to school and work. We must also share Bible truths with others and continue to serve Jehovah even when people oppose us. And it will take courage to do all of this. When Jehovah chose Joshua to lead the Israelites, He told him three times to be courageous and strong. He also told Joshua to read the book of the Law every day because that would help him to be more courageous. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) Reading the daily text and the Bible daily will strengthen us to remain faithful.

11 We read the daily text because it helps us to serve Jehovah more fully. When Timothy was a young man, Paul helped him to think about what he could do to serve Jehovah more fully. He encouraged her to be exemplary in speech, conduct, love, faith, and chastity. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) Reading the daily text helps us to see what we can do to serve Jehovah more fully.

7-8. What are some reasons why we should read the daily text? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

9. How did a daily text help our brothers in Ukraine?

10. Why do we need courage? And what will help us to be more courageous? (Joshua 1:6-9) (See also pictures.)

11. How will reading the daily text help us to serve Jehovah more fully?

26 THE WATCHTOWER

Reading the Bible daily can strengthen our courage

(See paragraph 10)

far. This will help us to think as Jehovah does by means of his spirit and to please him in all that we do.—Rom. 8:5, 6.

12 We read the daily text because it helps us to develop qualities that will enable us to fulfill our responsibilities in the congregation. There is much work to do in Jehovah's organization, and there will be a need for brothers of strong faith and willingness to do it. For example, there is a great need for regular pioneers, missionaries, Bethelites, construction volunteers, and translation office volunteers. In addition, there is a need for qualified, humble young men to serve as ministerial servants, elders, and circuit overseers. Jehovah looks for brothers who are trustworthy, exemplary, and who know how to apply Bible principles to take the lead in the congregation. (Deut. 1:13-15) Reading the daily text in addition to your other spiritual activities will help you to develop qualities that will enable you to care for responsibilities in Jehovah's organization.

HOW CAN WE MAKE IT OUR OWN?

13 Here are some suggestions to help you as you read the daily text. Before the brothers at Bethel begin their work, the entire Bethel family considers the daily text together. One of them stands in their place and offers a brief heartfelt prayer before they begin. Before considering the daily text, you too can offer a brief prayer, asking Jehovah to help you benefit from what you are about to read. (Jas. 1:5) Then read the scripture and its comments. Afterward, you might ask yourself such questions as: 'How can this scripture strengthen my faith? What have I learned about Jehovah that will draw me closer to him? How can it help me to cope with the problems I may face today?’ If you read the daily text together with your family or friends, you can all discuss it, and each one of you can express what he or she enjoys

12. What has been needed in Jehovah's organization? And so, what should we strive to do?

13. What suggestions can help you when reading the daily text?

OCTOBER 2026 27

What will help you to avoid distractions when reading the daily text? (See paragraph 18)

contains. (Rom. 1:12) Some have found that memorizing a point from the daily text helps them to meditate on it throughout the day.

14 Here are some other suggestions that can help you to benefit fully from the daily text: (1) Underline and meditate on the main points of the material. (2) Read the scriptures cited in the material. (3) Look up the cited scripture, and read the entire chapter. (4) Read the cited scriptures in the Research Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses that relate to the day's text. (5) Read the other paragraphs of the Watchtower Study from which the daily text is taken. If you are reading the daily text on your phone, you can click on the Watchtower lesson listed at the end of the section to open it.*

15 A 19-year-old sister named Mackenzie explains what helps her to remember what she reads in the daily text. She says: “I try to add a few minutes to my daily reading, even if it takes five minutes.

* The year and month of the Watchtower are shown, as well as the page and paragraphs from which the sections have been removed.

14-15. What other suggestions can help us to benefit from the daily text? And what will help us to remember the daily text?

even someone. As a result, I do not read the daily text too quickly. It also helps me to meditate on the text and its context, thus remembering what I am reading.”

16 When should you read the daily text? Choose a time that works for you or your family. For example, some families consider the daily text before breakfast, after breakfast, or before the children leave for school. They keep a copy of Examining the Scriptures Daily where they can find it so that they do not forget to read it. In fact, sometimes the unexpected can happen. If so, the daily text may need to be considered at another time during the day.

17 It is good to set aside time to read the daily text, for otherwise you may not read it at all. “If you don't view reading the daily text as one of the most important things you can do during the day,” says 16-year-old John, “it's easy to forget.” “When I get up in the morning,” says 25-year-old Sierra, “I try to

16. When should you read the daily text?

17-18. Why is it good to set aside time to read the daily text? And what can help you to do it regularly? (See also photos.)

28 THE WATCHTOWER

do the daily text first before I focus on the other things I have to do during the day.” And 21-year-old Rogelio says: “I keep an alarm on my wrist to remind me to read the daily text.”

18 Each day, endeavor to read the daily text at the time you have set aside. Don't let anything distract you. “Make it your goal not to look at or do anything on your phone until you have finished reading the daily text,” says 19-year-old Isabelle. “One thing that helps me to read the daily text regularly is to read it with others, such as family or friends,” says 19-year-old Olivia.

HELP YOUR CHILDREN READ THE DAILY TEXT REGULARLY

19 Parents, if you regularly read the daily text with your children, it will help them to do so for the rest of their lives. Your kids may be young and therefore won’t fully understand everything, but since you’re doing it regularly, they’ll see it as something important to do regularly. For example, if something is planted and watered regularly, it will grow into a large tree. Similarly, if you regularly study the daily text with your children, you will gradually strengthen their relationship with Jehovah.—Read Philippians 1:9,

20 Jesus said: “Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every utterance coming forth through Jehovah’s mouth.” (Matt. 4:4) We do not let a single day go by without eating. If so, do you not see the importance of studying God's Word daily?

19. Why is it important for parents to study the daily text with their children regularly? Explain with an example. (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20. Why is it important to study God's Word daily?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ For what reasons should we read the daily text?

■ What suggestions will help us to benefit fully from the daily text?

■ What are some suggestions for reading the daily text regularly?

LALA 94

We Appreciate God's Word

What Is Your Faith Based On?

WHEN you studied with Jehovah's Witnesses, what convinced you that you had “the one faith,” the only way of worship that God approves? (Eph. 4:4-6) Did you draw close to Jehovah's people because you saw the love among them? Did you admire them because they were well-behaved? Many people are drawn to Jehovah's people because they make them feel safe and loved. That is fitting, for true Christians are identified by love and fine conduct.—John 13:35. 13:35; 1 Pet. 2:12.

If you have joined Jehovah's people primarily because of how they made you feel, will you continue to associate with Jehovah's people if a fellow believer hurts you, does something unloving, or commits a serious sin, as did the man Paul described in the ancient congregation in Corinth? (1 Cor. 5:1) If your faith is based primarily on how others make you feel, you are wrong. If so, on what should your faith be based?

HOW CAN YOU STRENGTHEN YOUR FAITH?

If your faith is based on Bible truths, your faith will become stronger as you learn more about them. Here is a story that shows that.

At one point, many of Jesus' disciples stopped following him. What happened? Jesus had said that they must eat his flesh and drink his blood in order to have life, and they did not understand what he said. “This is a hard saying,” they said. They were so disturbed by Jesus' words that they stopped following him.—John 17:30. 6:56-60, 66.

Later, Jesus asked his apostles: “You do not want to go also, do you?” Peter answered: “Lord, whom shall we go away to? You have sayings of everlasting life. And we have believed and come to know that you are the Holy One of God.”—John 17:30. 6:67-69.

Why did Peter and the other apostles not give up and stop following Jesus? Because their faith is based on something good, not just how they feel. Peter said: “We have believed and come to know that you are the Holy One of God.” They know what they believed and why they believed it. They compared Jesus' words and actions with what they learned from the Scriptures, and they were convinced that Jesus was the Messiah. As a result, their faith grew, and so when people stopped following Jesus, they did not.

What do we learn from this story? What we know is far more powerful than what we feel. Why? Because the things we learn from the Bible, such as God's name, his promises, and the ransom, have not changed. People’s words

30 THE WATCHTOWER

or their actions may offend us, but that does not change the truths found in the Bible. Therefore, if we truly believe the truths found in the Bible and are convinced that Jehovah's organization is teaching us the truth, nothing anyone says or does will stop us from serving Jehovah.

Of course, the love and fine conduct of our brothers bring us joy. However, if we have been hurt by someone's actions, the Bible truths we have learned will strengthen our faith and convince us that our congregation is the only one that worships Jehovah in the way that he approves. And the mistakes of a few will never change this.

If we study the Bible regularly, our faith in the truths we learn will become stronger. And that will make it clear to us that we are worshiping Jehovah in the right way. If we do so, our faith will become stronger and will not be shaken by the words or actions of others.—Psalm 16:8; see the box “Where You Should Be.”

If your faith is based primarily on how others make you feel, it is wrong

You’re on the Right Bus

Imagine that you are traveling on a long bus to a beautiful place. No doubt you were thrilled when you began your journey.

But as you travel, some of your passengers do something that upsets you. Some of them may have made noise or the driver may have been rude to you. But that doesn't mean you're not the right bus to ride. All you need to do is sit in it until you reach your destination.

Similarly, all of us are on our way to Jehovah's promised new world, and we are very happy to be part of his organization. Sometimes, though, we may be surprised when a brother or a sister does something that upsets us or a brother whom we respect does something very bad. After all, we are, in effect, on the bus to the new world, that is, we are in the only congregation that will take us to the new world. Therefore, if we firmly believe the truths we have learned from the Bible and are confident that Jehovah's organization is teaching us these truths, we will continue on our journey. And nothing will shake our faith.

OCTOBER 2026 31

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCES JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM October 2026 | Vol. 147, no. 11 GA

EXPERIENCES

Jehovah Helps Those Who Trust in Him

A sister named Emma works in a hotel. He works three days a week, and on each day he works nine hours. On one occasion, he asked his employer for permission to take a day off from work so that he could attend a convention. But he did not accept her request, instead telling her that from that day on, she would work five days a week and that if she could not, she would quit. Emma believed that Jehovah would care for her, so she decided to quit her job and attended the meeting.

When Emma went to the hotel to hand in her resignation letter, the hotel manager was there. When he heard what had happened, he promised Emma that he would take care of her. But two weeks later, Emma was told she had been fired. Sometime later, Emma meets the hotel manager again. When he learned that Emma had been fired, he was furious. He saw to it that Emma was bought back into the business. This time, he was allowed to work five days a week, but only four hours a day. This was better than her previous job, for it allowed her to do pioneering and other privileges of service. Yes! Jehovah fulfilled his purpose far beyond his expectations.

INFORMATION IN THIS MAGAZINE

1926—100 Years Ago | 2

Study for December 7-13 | 6 Show Appreciation

Study for December 14-20 | 12 Do Not Underestimate Your Role in the Wonderful Events Taking Place Today

Study for December 21-27 | 18 Good Friends Will Help You to Serve Jehovah More Fully

Study for December 28–January 3 | 24 Read the Daily Text

What Is Your Faith Based On? | 30

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit jw.org, or scan this code

JW.ORG ®

w26.10-GA