JULY

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING THE KINGDOM OF JEHOVAH

STUDY ARTICLES FOR: SEPTEMBER 7–OCTOBER 4,

SEPTEMBER 7-13,

HADZIDZI 88

Let Me Know Your Ways

THE GOAL

In this article, we will consider the examples of the Gibeonites and how Jehovah dealt with them.

Imitate the Gibeonites

“The Gibeonites made peace with Israel, and they dwelt among them.” "YES. 10:1

IMAGINE this scene. 1473 B.C.E. The nation of Israel is about to take possession of the Promised Land. Jehovah helped the Israelites to completely conquer the cities of Jericho and Ai. But something unexpected happened. Some strangers turned out to be from a distant land. The issue was that they wanted to make peace with the Israelites.

2 The visitors are Gibeonites. That is the first time the Bible mentions them, but it will not be the last. The Bible record shows that the Gibeonites lived together with the Israelites for centuries. We can learn much good from the Gibeonites, and we can see Jehovah’s qualities in his dealings with them.

BE HUMILIATED AND ACT IN FAITH

3 The Gibeonites were in their stronghold at Gibeon when the Israelites began to take possession of the land of Canaan. There were “seven nations” in the land of Canaan whose inhabitants were “more numerous and mightier than” the Israelites. One such nation was the Hivites, whose capital was Gibeon. (Deuteronomy 7:1) The Gibeonites were valiant men. (Jos. 10:2) The other Canaanite nations intended to make peace with the Israelites, but the Gibeonites felt that they would not be able to make peace with Israel. Because you

1-2 Why is it important to learn about the Gibeonites?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) The value of the 100% satisfaction rate.

2

The Gibeonites tricked Joshua into making peace with them (See paragraph 4)

realized that Jehovah was coming to the Israelites and promised to drive out the Canaanites and give them the land. (Ex. 34:11; Josh. 9:24) So after the Israelites conquered Jericho and Ai, the Gibeonites sent messengers* to Joshua at Gilgal to make peace with him.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-1 The Gibeonites deceived Joshua into thinking that they were from a very distant land. They claimed to have heard that they had played Jehovah God and had defeated the Egyptian and Amorite kings Sihon and Og. The Gibeonites were wise enough not to mention what happened to Jericho and Ai, though, as this would have shown Joshua that they were not from “a distant land.” Joshua and the elders of Israel believed the Gibeonites and made a covenant of peace with them, without consulting the Lord. (Josh. 9:14, 15) The older men of Israel soon realized that the Gibeonites had deceived them, but having already sworn to them “in the name of Jehovah the God of Israel,” they kept the covenant. (Josh. 9:16-19) The Gibeonites were made “gatherers of wood and drawers of water for the assembly and for Jehovah's altar.”—Josh. 9:2

5 The five kings of the Amorites gathered together to fight against Gibeon when they heard that the Gibeonites had made peace with Israel. The Gibeonites came and begged Joshua to save them. (Jos. 10:3-7) Joshua led the Israelite spies to the rescue

* The envoys likely came from Gibeon and three other Hivite cities—Chephirah, Beeroth, and Kiriath-jearim.—Josh. 9:1

4. (a) How did the Gibeonites deceive the elders of Israel into making peace with them, as shown at Joshua 9:8-13? (See also opening image.) (b) What happened when Joshua learned that they had been deceived?

5. How did the Gibeonites show their faith in Jehovah?

JULY 2026 3

The Gibeonites and Jehovah helps them defeat the enemies. Jehovah caused heavy hail to fall from the sky on the Amorite army and miraculously made the sun stand still until the Israelites had completely defeated the enemy. (Jos. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites showed faith in Jehovah by making a covenant with Israel. And they showed that they trusted in Jehovah to save them and to keep his promise to his people.

6 What does this incident teach us about Jehovah? It teaches us that Jehovah is humble and merciful. He told the Israelites in advance that they would “drive out all the inhabitants of the land,” including the Gibeonites. (Numbers 33:51, 52) But because the Israelites made peace with the Gibeonites, Jehovah mercifully spared the Gibeonites. Jehovah did this even though the Israelites did not consult him before making a covenant with the Gibeonites. Jehovah also helped the Israelites to keep their covenant with the Gibeonites and to deliver them.—Josh. 9:26; 11:1

7 In what ways can we imitate the Gibeonites? We must have complete faith in Jehovah. Having come to know more about Jehovah than the Gibeonites did, we have many reasons to trust in him even more. (Ps. 40:4, 5) Like the Gibeonites, we should also be willing to do humble things in Jehovah's service. (Josh. 9:23, 27) Luke, a young Bethelite, recalls that an older Bethelite volunteered for some simple work. Despite his many responsibilities and use at Bethel, the elderly brother volunteered to work overnight during the construction of a Kingdom Hall in his area. “I learned from the brother that humility is not just a feeling,” says Luke, “it is a quality that is reflected in our actions.” Like the Gibeonites, let us rely on Jehovah daily for help in our trials and humbly willingly accept whatever assignment is needed in Jehovah's organization. The 100% satisfaction rate is 100%.

WAIT ON JEHOVAH WHEN YOU ARE INJUSTICED

8 The Bible mentions the Gibeonites again centuries later during the reign of King Saul. It so happened that “Saul grew jealous of Israel and Judah” and set out to destroy the Gibeonites in Israel.* As a result, he killed many Gibeonites. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) What an injustice! Saul broke the long-standing peace treaty between the Israelites and the Gibeonites.

9 Jehovah did not immediately punish the Gibeonites for their wickedness. But when David became king of Israel, Jehovah wanted to settle the matter, so He did not rain on the land for three years, causing a famine. David wanted to know why and inquired of Jehovah. Jehovah let him know that he was very angry with Saul and his house, for years earlier they had killed some Gibeonites, causing them to become drunk.—2 Sam. 21:1

* The Bible does not give a motive for Saul's crime. Some scholars suggest that Saul may have been jealous of Gentiles and did not want them to live in Israel.

6. What do we learn from Jehovah’s dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we imitate the humility and faith of the Gibeonites? (See also photo.)

8. What evil did King Saul do to the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah expose the wickedness of the Gibeonites?

4 PROTECTION

Be humble like the Gibeonites and be willing to do whatever you can in the congregation (See paragraph 7)

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6 King David asked the Gibeonites what they wanted him to do to avenge Saul's injustice. Would the Gibeonites take advantage of this opportunity to demand a large sum of money from David? No, they replied that it was “not a matter of silver or gold,” for according to God's Law, no ransom was paid for a deserving murderer. (Numbers 35:30, 31) The Gibeonites also knew that the Law forbade execution unless the King had authorized it. So David grants the Gibeonites' request and has seven of Saul's descendants killed who may have been involved in the evil. In time, Jehovah sent rain and food in Israel. This gave Jehovah half a chance of being pleased with the way the matter was handled.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10,

of another nation or race, but that is not what Jehovah wants. He wants us to treat everyone fairly. In Jehovah’s due time, he will undo the injustices that have been done to his servants. This incident shows us that just as Jehovah expected the Israelites to keep their peace covenant with the Gibeonites, so he expects us to keep our promises.—Compare Amos 1:9

12 In what ways can we imitate the Gibeonites? Even if a brother has done something wrong to us, we do well to wait patiently on Jehovah to settle the matter. Therefore, we are confident that Jehovah will set matters straight in his due time. Consider the experience of Sister Laura French. In 1926, he began serving at Canada Bethel. About ten years later, he was treated unfairly. It turned out that some brothers at Bethel became apostates that led to their expulsion. Unfortunately, Sister French was also known, because she was mistakenly thought to have become

What does this incident teach us about Jehovah? It proves that Jehovah is always a God of justice. (Ps. 37:28) People from

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, how did the Gibeonites show respect for God’s Law?

The 11-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

12. How can we imitate the Gibeonites when we are treated unfairly?

JULY

5

apostate. What did he do? Despite his deep distress, he did not speak negatively about the brothers taking the lead or the organization. Instead, he has since been active in the pioneer work for four years. In 1940, Sister French was invited back to Bethel. This made him very happy. He continued to serve faithfully for 50 years until he finished his earthly ministry. Like Sister French, when we are victims of injustice, we do well to keep on doing what is right and patiently waiting on Jehovah to send matters in his due time.—Isa. 26:3,

CONTINUE TO SERVE JEHOVAH FAITHFULLY

13 Some 500 years after the reign of King David, the Gibeonites are mentioned again in the Bible. The 70-year exile of the Israelites in Babylon ended in 537 B.C. Two groups of Jews returned from exile in Babylon to Jerusalem. The first group followed Governor Zerubbabel. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Some time later in 468 B.C.E. In 1000 BCE, a second psalm followed the scribe Ezra. (Ezra 7:1-7) Both groups included “Nethinim.” (See footnotes on Ezra 2:58 and 7:7.) Who were the Nethinim? “They were non-Israelite temple servants,” many of whom were probably descendants of the Gibeonites.—See Special Topic, “Nethinim.”

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote. Significantly, “the Temple servants” were among the first Israelite fathers to return from exile. The reason is that not all Jews returned voluntarily from exile. Many Jews likely worked to earn money and built fine homes in Babylon, so some of them did not want to leave the comforts of Babylon to help in Jerusalem. But the descendants of the Gibeonites and some faithful Jews wanted to return and rebuild Jehovah’s temple in Jerusalem, and they worked hard to return despite the challenges. The Jews, on the other hand, have land in Israel, but not so with the Gibeonites. Yet, they willingly returned to render service to Jehovah at the temple and to help rebuild the walls of Jerusalem.—Neh. 3:2

15 What does this incident teach us about Ye-howa? It teaches us that Jehovah deeply loves and cares for his faithful servants. From the time that Jehovah delivered the Gibeonites and the Israelites conquered the Promised Land to the end of the Israelites’ exile in Babylon lasted nearly 1,000 years. Still, Jehovah continued to bless them. The descendants of the Gibeonites survived the destruction of Judah and Jerusalem in 607 BCE roast. Later, after their return from exile, they continued to support pure worship and to serve with the Levites at the temple. Some of them probably borrowed a house near the temple. (Ezra 2:70; Neh. 11:21) And because they worked at the temple, the Persian king decreed that they should not pay taxes.—Ezra 7:2

16 In what ways can we imitate the Gibeonites? We too want to do our best to promote true worship.

13. Who are “the Nethinim,” and what have they been doing since their return from Babylonian exile?

14. How did the Gibeonites continue to serve Jehovah faithfully? (1 Chronicles 9:2, footnote)

15. What does this story of the Gibeonites teach us about Ye-howa?

16. How can we imitate the Gibeonites in worshiping Jehovah?

6 LANGUAGEΤΑΚΡRECEIVED

We love Jehovah and want to do his will, so we are happy to make sacrifices as we serve him. This is exactly what Brother Alwin in the Philippines did. He was working in a large oil company and the salary was good. But he wanted to do more in Jehovah’s service. So whenever the circuit overseer visited his congregation, Alwin asked for time off from work so that he could do more in the preaching work. Brother Al- win prayed often about the situation, and in time he decided to give up that job and find another job that would allow him time to serve as a regular pioneer. He knew that if he quit that job, he would not be able to make ends meet. But he found a job that led to the pioneer work. His wife also began pioneering, and together they helped 21 people to accept the truth. There is no doubt that Jehovah is very pleased with this couple. We too can be sure that Jehovah will appreciate whatever sacrifices we make in his service and will continue to care for our material needs.—Matt. 6:3

17 Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites teach us much about his beautiful qualities. We have come to see that Jehovah is humble, merciful, just, and faithful. He always rewards his faithful servants. We also learn many important lessons from the Gibeonites. These include having strong faith, trusting that Jehovah will help us in difficult situations, just as he helped the Gibeonites. Faith will help us to accept assignments in Jehovah's organization. We learned to wait patiently on Jehovah, trusting that he would correct any injustice in his due time. Also, we will continue to be zealous in serving Jehovah faithfully. May we remember the Gibeonites and imitate their example.

17. What do you learn from the biblical account of the Gibeonites?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ How can we imitate the Gibeonites in showing humility and faith?

■ How can we imitate the Gibeonites when we are treated unfairly?

■ How can we continue to serve Jehovah faithfully like the Gibeonites?

SONGS 148 Jehovah, the Savior

SEPTEMBER 14-20,

SONG 41 Hear My Prayer, O God

PURPOSE When we are sad or discouraged, meditating on the book of Isaiah can be comforting.

The Book of Isaiah Can Comfort You

“This is what Jehovah has said: . . . 'As one whom his own mother keeps comforting, so I myself shall keep comforting you people.'”—ISA. 66:12,

IMAGINE that a child is sad and crying. Maybe their family is moving to another area and he is very sad to leave his friends. Or perhaps the child has done something wrong that upsets him deeply. At that point, what would a loving mother do? He will give her a loving hug, ask her what is bothering her, and kiss her and reassure her of his love.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah likens himself to a loving mother who comforts her child. “Like one whom his own mother keeps comforting, so I myself shall keep comforting you people,” says Jehovah. (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah loves us more than our parents do. (Isa. 49:15) Thus, by means of his Word, the Bible, Jehovah strengthens and comforts us whenever we are downhearted or discouraged.—Rom. 15:4

3 Jehovah has many words of comfort in the book of Isaiah. (Isa. 40:1) Our loving Father inspired Isaiah to write this book of encouragement to the plight of the nation of Judah. Living in “critical times hard to deal with,” we too need much comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let us consider some verses from the book of Isaiah; they can comfort and strengthen us in the following situations: (1) when things change dramatically in our lives, (2) when we feel deep guilt over a sin

1-2 When we are sad or discouraged, how does Jehovah help us?

3. What will we consider in this article?

8

we have made heads, or (3) when we are grieving the loss of a loved one.

WHEN THINGS CHANGE SUDDENLY IN OUR LIVES

4 Unexpected things can happen in life. (Eccl. 9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) We may experience a sudden illness, economic hardship, or national unrest. The organization may also assign a full-time minister to another assignment. These changes can cause us anxiety or confusion. We might ask ourselves, 'What will I do now?' Joseph, who served at Bethel for some 17 years and was later reassigned as a regular pioneer, says: “I was speechless. When we face sudden changes in life, what assurances does Jehovah give us through Isaiah that will strengthen us?

5 Read Isaiah 42:1 Jehovah promises to lead the figuratively blind in a way that they do not know and to turn darkness into light. The words “blind,” “unknown path,” “darkness,” and “slippery place” used in this verse describe how we can feel when life changes suddenly. It can feel like we are going through a jungle and we don’t know exactly where we are going to end up. But Jehovah assures us that in any situation he will guide us and never leave us. He will take his hand

4. How can we feel about sudden changes in our lives?

5. What assurance does Jehovah give at Isaiah 42:16? (See also photo.)

Even if things change dramatically in your life, Jehovah will not abandon you (See paragraph 5)

‘I won’t leave you in a trail you don’t know’

he will take us by the hand and lead us through the darkness, making the paths straight and the slippery places level. How does Jehovah do this? Through his Word and organization, he gives us sound counsel. (Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) He also provides help through fellow believers and others. Even if we do not know what the future holds, we can be sure that Jehovah will always help us because he loves us and understands how we feel.—Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6,

6 Joseph, mentioned earlier, recalls how Jehovah lovingly cared for him and his wife after they left Bethel. “We saw how much Jehovah helped us when we changed assignments. He helped us a lot through our dear brothers and sisters. If you face sudden changes in life, be assured that Jehovah will strengthen and guide you too. (Isa. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph continues: “One of our songs aptly said, ‘I will not worry about tomorrow. I will trust in my great God.

WHEN WE FEEL DEEPLY GUILTY FOR A SIN

7 If we have sinned seriously and confess it to the elders, they help us

* The songs are taken from the poem entitled “I Know That Jehovah Is With Me”.

6. When life changes suddenly, what can we be sure of?

7. How do some people feel about past sin?

lovingly and try not to repeat that sin. (Prov. 28:13; Jas. 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) Even after Jehovah forgives us, however, we may still feel guilty. We might ask ourselves, 'Has Jehovah really forgiven me?' (2 Cor. 2:7) It can be hard to forget the past and it can be painful for a long time. King David said: “My wounds are heavy upon me because of my sins. (Ps. 38:3, 8) If you ever feel that way because of a past sin, do not despair, for the book of Isaiah can comfort you.

8 Read Isaiah 1:1 Jehovah uses a metaphor to illustrate his complete forgiveness of sins. He says that even if our sins are “as scarlet,” he will make them “as white as snow.” A bright red object does not melt easily. With these words, Jehovah assures us that when he forgives our sins, he remembers them no more.

9 Consider the example of King David. Despite her adultery and murder, Jehovah forgave her and later described her as walking before him in a pure heart. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Ki. 9:4, 5) Jehovah remembered David's faithfulness, not his mistakes. Similarly, when we repent, Jehovah lovingly forgives us and helps us to continue serving him with a clean conscience. But if we still feel guilty, what further assurance does the book of Isaiah have for us?

10 Read Isaiah 38:17 and footnote.

8-9 According to Isaiah 1:18, how much does Jehovah forgive?

10. What comfort does Isaiah 38:17 give us?

10 GΒΕΤΑΚΡΧ

“You have thrown all my sins behind your back”

Jehovah does not deal with us on the basis of past sins (See paragraph 11)

The phrase “you have thrown all my sins behind your back” can also be translated “you have blotted out my sins from before you.” This verse describes Jehovah as throwing the repentant sinner’s sins behind him forever, where His eyes will no longer see or remember them. One reference work renders this phrase: “You have made [my sins] as if they had never happened.” So when Jehovah forgives our sins, it is as if we did not commit the sin at all. Jehovah will not condemn or punish us for the sin he has forgiven. It was as if he had wiped it out completely. “Your sins I shall remember no more,” he himself promises. (Isa. 43:25) How comforting that is! If Jehovah, the Supreme Judge of the universe, no longer remembers our sins, we too must turn our attention away from them and stop blaming ourselves.

Don’t let past sins rob you of your happiness

11 Whenever our heart continues to condemn us for a past sin, we need to remember Jehovah's comforting words. Jehovah forgives completely. He does not reject us because of past sins, and he is not like imperfect humans who are bitter. (Isa. 57:16) What matters to Jehovah is not what we did in the past but what we are doing now and the kind of person we are trying to be. (Isa. 55:7) How clear that Jehovah is indeed loving and forgiving! So we should never allow past sin to destroy our present happiness or

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (See also photo.)

JULY 2026 11

“Your dead will live”

The resurrection hope is certain (See paragraph 14)

it will not cause us to stop serving Jehovah and miss out on future blessings.

WHEN WE ARE MOURNING THE DEATH OF A LOVED ONE

12 When a loved one dies, our grief is unbearable and can last. Sometimes we ask ourselves, 'Why did Jehovah allow our loved one to die?'” says Michael, who lost his parents in a fire. Perhaps you have felt the same way. What comfort does Jehovah have for us when such tragedies strike?

12. How do we sometimes feel when a loved one dies?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8 Jehovah promises to “sweep away death forever.” Imagine the time when death will be no more! Never again will you have to grieve over the death of a loved one. (Isa. 35:10) Never again will you see the gravestone of a loved one and feel regret. Instead, you can expect your loved one to be with you forever and in good health. This is not mere wishful thinking but a promise that can only be fulfilled by God.—Rev. 21:4,

14 Read Isaiah 26:1 Not only will Jehovah remove death but he will also bring our dead loved ones back to life. He said of the dead

13. What wonderful promise does Jehovah make at Isaiah 25:8?

14. How do you feel about the resurrection hope? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also photo.)

12 PROTECTION

“My dead shall rise.” This means that Jehovah views the dead as his own. They are still in Jehovah’s memory. And in his due time, he will resurrect them. Just as the dew brings seeds to life, Jehovah, the Source of life, will bring our loved ones who have fallen asleep in death back to life. What a joy it will be to dress those loved ones in!—Compare Mark 5:4

15 Granted, God's promise of a resurrection does not completely remove our grief now, but it does assure us that Jehovah has not forgotten our dead loved ones. This is very comforting. This hope also comforted Brother Michael, mentioned earlier. “The words of Isaiah 26:19 helped me to understand how much Jehovah loves my parents. They are still in his memory, and he will continue to remember them until he rescues them from death. May we too focus on the time when we will be reunited with our loved ones. This will give us peace of mind.

16 We have considered some verses from the book of Isaiah that can comfort us when we experience sudden changes in our life, feel overwhelmed by guilt over a sin, or are grieving over the death of a loved one. How grateful we are that Jehovah comforts us through his Word! (Ps. 94:19) Does a particular scripture comfort you when you are going through trials? Memorize it if possible, or write it down and post it. May you continue to find comfort in the words of Jehovah, our loving heavenly Father.

15. When a loved one dies, how does the resurrection hope help us?

16. What scripture comforts you when you are in trouble?

COVER Page 9: A Bethel couple attend a meeting in their new congregation and are greeted by the brothers. Page 11: A brother who puts past sins behind him and enjoys the Pioneer Service School.

HOW DO THESE SCRIPTURES COMFORT YOU . . . . . . . .

■ Isaiah 42:16?

■ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

SONG 3 You Are Our Strength and Our Hope

SEPTEMBER 21-27,

SONGS 12 Great God Jehovah

PURPOSE In this article, we will learn what it means to know Jehovah, why we should strive to know him better, and how we can do so.

The Key to Getting to Know Jehovah Better

“Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart.” —1 CHRON. 28:9

HAVE you ever wondered about the depth of Jehovah's wisdom and his wonderful works? Meditating on our Creator makes us speechless. Perhaps you feel as did the apostle Paul, who said: “O the depth of God's riches and wisdom and knowledge! How unsearchable his judgments are and past tracing out his ways are!”—Rom. 11:33,

2 We cannot know everything about Jehovah, but we can know something about the kind of Person he is. King David told his son Solomon: “Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart (1 Chron. 28:9) Later in the first century, the apostle John reminded his fellow Christians that they have the ability to “know the true one.” (1 John 5:20) Jesus himself said that he would help people “know the Father.”—Matt. 11:2

3 All of us who are dedicated to Jehovah have learned a lot about him. However, there is still more to learn about him all the time so that we can ‘know’ him better. (John 17:3.) For example, we will continue to learn about the things that endure-

1. How do you feel when you contemplate Jehovah’s creation and vast wisdom?

The 2017 FIFA World Cup is a spectacular event.

3. What will we consider in this article?

14

happened to him and how to trust him completely. Regardless of how long we have been serving Jehovah, all of us will benefit from the answers to three questions: What does it mean to know Jehovah? Why should we keep getting to know Jehovah better? And how do we get to know Jehovah better?

WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO KNOW JEHOVAH?



5 As we come to know Jehovah, we come to know his likes and dislikes. Take, for example, King Josiah. The Bible says of him: “In the eighth year of his reigning, while he was still a boy, he started to search for the God of David his forefather.” (2 Chron. 34:3) Josiah not only learned about Jehovah but also acted on what he learned. Through the prophet Jeremiah, Jehovah said that Josiah “exercised justice and righteousness” and had compassion for the oppressed and the poor. And Jehovah adds: “Is not that my knowledge?”—Jer. 22:15,

6 Read Psalm 9:1 The more we know about Jehovah, the more we will trust him. This was the case with the apostle Paul. When he was in prison for the last time before his execution, he said: “I am not ashamed, for I know whom I have believed.” (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul's knowledge of Jehovah and his experiences in life gave him implicit trust in God. The English Bible renders this verse: “Paul was confident that Jehovah would remember his faithfulness and resurrect him.”

WHY DO WE NEED TO KNOW JEHOVAH MORE?

7 When we started serving Jehovah, we worked hard to learn more about him. But as time goes on, our enthusiasm may wane. What is the reason? When we are reading the Bible on our own or at meetings, we will often playfully think about how the teachings will benefit us or how we can use them to benefit others. This is not wrong, for the Scriptures encourage us to do so. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) But there is something more important. (Ps. 25:8-10) It is to play with our Creator, the Author of the Bible. Therefore, when reading the Bible, it is important to keep asking yourself,

4. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah about knowing Jehovah?

6. As Psalm 9:10 shows, what benefits does knowing Jehovah bring?

7. What can happen if you have been serving Jehovah for a long time?

JULY 2026 15

'What does this teach me about Jehovah God?'*

8 The more we know about Jehovah, the closer we will become to him. For example, how do you feel about Jehovah when you read the Bible, watch a news program, or attend a convention? They often reinforce our appeal to Jehovah. What is the reason? The reason is that we have learned a lot about him. And this brings us to praise and thank Him. We feel as did the psalmist Asaph. Reflecting on how much Jehovah cares for him, he says: “God is the rock of my heart and my share to time indefinite.” (Read Psalm 73:24-28.) The more we learn about Jehovah, the more we will appreciate our friendship with him.

9 The Bible admonishes us to “take notice of Jehovah in all our ways.” (Prov. 3:5, 6) This means that we should meditate on what we learn about Jehovah and consider how he feels about our actions. This will help us make the right decision. For example, some brothers put a photo of their spouse on a lens if they can view it regularly. As a result, they have frequent memories of their mate and how much they love him. It helps them make decisions that will make their spouse happy, and avoid doing things that will hurt him or her. Similarly, if we always remember our God and how much we love him-

* See “Some Highlights From God's Word,” question 20, in the New World Translation.



9. How does it benefit us to look to Jehovah in all our play? Make an example of a game.

white, this will help us to make decisions that please him.—Ps. 19:13,

10 Jehovah made us in his image, so we have the ability to reflect his qualities. (Genesis 1:26) The more we learn about Jehovah's qualities, the more we will understand how to imitate him. Jesus condemned the scribes and Pharisees for not displaying godly qualities. Despite their thorough knowledge of the Law, they “disregarded the weightier matters of the Law, namely, justice and mercy and faithfulness.” (Matt. 23:23) We should not be like those leaders. Instead, we will strive to meditate on the laws and principles we learn from the Bible so that we can discern what they teach us about Jehovah. Then, it will help us to reflect the qualities of Jehovah. —1 John 1:1 4:8,

HOW CAN WE KNOW JEHOVAH BETTER?

Who first taught you about Jehovah? Perhaps your parents are Jehovah's servants. You have likely been told Bible accounts to show you what God is like and how his handiwork reveals his qualities. Or perhaps one of Jehovah's Witnesses has studied the Bible with you. He probably used Enjoy Life Forever! book to help you reflect on Bible accounts. And it teaches you how to discern Jehovah's beautiful qualities in the things he has made.* (Neh. 8:8; Acts 14:17) Let us now consider how

* See the book Enjoy Life Forever! see lesson 7, discussion 5-7

The 100% cotton fabric is 100% cotton and is 100% cotton fabric.

11. Who first taught you about Jehovah?

16 PROTECTION

Meditate on creation to get to know Jehovah better (See paragraph 15)

you can keep learning about Jehovah.

12 The first step in learning more about Jehovah is to study his Word, the Bible. At times, the Bible directly mentions God's attributes. (Exodus 34:6, 7) However, the Bible often focuses on the actions and decisions of people. So when you read a Bible account, try to identify Jehovah's qualities.

The 13-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 Imagine that you are reading Jeremiah 38:6-1 You will find that it is about the Ethiopian Ebed-melech, who rescued the prophet Jeremiah. No doubt you immediately recognized ways in which you could imitate Ebed-melech's love, self-sacrifice, and courage. But what qualities of Jehovah did you notice in that account? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) What, then, is the value of Jehovah's servants? What shows that Jehovah judges righteously? What shows that Jehovah is impartial? Can you discern any other qualities of Jehovah in the account? Each time you read a portion of the Bible, try to identify God’s qualities as revealed there and praise and thank Him for them.

14 The second way to learn more about Jehovah is to meditate on his handiwork. (Ps. 145:9, 10) This means more than just observing Jehovah’s creation. Because, in fact, some people spend most of their time studying nature, but they fail to realize that God exists and that he created things! The apostle Paul said that God’s “invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world’s creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made

12-1 What can you learn about Jehovah from reading the Bible? Make an example of it. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also illustration.)

The 14-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

JULY 2026 17th

in the works he has done.” (Rom. 1:20) One Bible translation renders this verse as “the contemplative is able to perceive the attributes of God.” So whenever we see a creation of our Creator, Jehovah, we should meditate so that we can recognize his beautiful qualities.

15 Some of our brothers live in cities, where natural resources are scarce. But is it possible for them to learn about Jehovah’s creation too? Yes, it is possible. Consider Patrick, who lives in Brazzaville, Congo. “I stand in my yard and observe God's creation,” she says. “And I often see tiny creatures busy looking for food or shelter. Patrick not only looked at these things but also thought deeply about the Creator. “I came to realize that Jehovah is a loving God who cares for even the smallest of his creations.

16 The third way to get to know Jehovah better is to meditate on what he has done for you. This is exactly what Jesus’ mother, Mary, did. She knew Jehovah God well and was “moved with pity.” (Luke 1:30) One day God gave her an important assignment—to bear his Son. It was a very big job

15. What did Patrick do to get to know Jehovah better, and how can you imitate his example? (See also photo.)

16. What helped Jesus’ mother, Mary, to come to know Jehovah better, and how can we imitate her? (See also photo.)

Keep meditating on what Jehovah has done for you to get to know him better (See paragraph 16)

18 PROTECTION

stop. Jehovah sent his servant Gabriel and Mary’s cousin Elizabeth to encourage and strengthen her. Mary pondered their words and was convinced even more of Jehovah’s caring, merciful, impartial, and almighty power. (Luke 1:46-55) Mary appreciated God’s help; similarly, we rejoice when Jehovah helps us “in the day of distress.” (Heb. 4:16) So each time you experience Jehovah's help, ask yourself: 'What does this teach me about Jehovah? What quality of Jehovah is reflected in what he did for me?'



17 Think of the many things we will learn about Jehovah in the new world. At that time, new scrolls will be opened that will reveal what Jehovah requires of us. (Rev. 20:12) We will come to enjoy Jehovah's creation more fully and thus come to know him better. (Isa. 11:6-9) And when we come to experience things we have never seen before; for example, when our loved ones are resurrected and we gradually become perfect, we will come to know our loving Father in special ways.

18 We will never stop learning about Jehovah. He is God from eternity to eternity, so “there is no limit to his understanding.” (Ps. 90:2; 147:5) It is impossible for us to “find out all the works that the true God has made from the start to the finish.” (Eccl. 3:11) So no matter how long we have been serving Jehovah, let us seize every opportunity to learn more about our loving Father.

17-1 Why can we say we will never stop learning about Jehovah?

COVER: Ebed-melech courageously rescues Jeremiah from a cistern. Page 18: A depressed brother reflects on how Jehovah helped him to cope with his midweek meeting assignment.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ What does it mean to know Jehovah?

■ 100% cotton fabric, 100% polyester.

■ How to get to know Jehovah better?

SONGS 28 We Will Be Jehovah's Friends

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

HADZIDZI 79

We Teach Them to Stand Strong

THE GOAL

In this article, we will learn how to help our students know Jehovah, recognize his qualities, and learn what he likes and dislikes.

Help People Know Jehovah

“This means everlasting life, their taking in knowledge of you, the only true God.”—JOHN 17:3 17:3

IF YOUR Bible student started attending meetings, started commenting, shared what he was learning, and in time dedicated himself to Jehovah to do his will, how would you feel? No doubt you will be thrilled! And this brings praise to Jehovah, who is the one who helps a Bible student to progress in the truth.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John 3,

2 God's will is that “all sorts of men should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth.” (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know him, the things he has done, and the wonderful things he will do in the future. (Jer. 9:24) This requires accurate knowledge. What does it mean to have “accurate knowledge”? It is not enough to know about God. One Bible scholar says that it teaches how to learn and let what one learns “influence and move one to change one’s life.” When a Bible student comes to know Jehovah, what he learns affects his life. And this opens the way for him to gain “everlasting life.”—John 17:3 17:3

3 Jehovah has given us the wonderful privilege of helping others come to know him. In this article, we will consider the following questions: Why is it important for Bible students to know Jehovah well? How do we teach them who Jehovah really is? And how do we help them act

1. How do you feel when a Bible student starts to serve Jehovah?

2. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this article?

20

apply what they learned about Jehovah in their lives?

HELP YOUR BIBLE STUDENT TO GET TO KNOW JEHOVAH

4 Jesus said that the greatest commandment is to love Jehovah with our whole heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) To love Jehovah, a Bible student needs to know him intimately. We want a Bible student to get baptized because he loves Jehovah, not because he wants to please us, befriend other Witnesses, or be interested in certain Bible teachings. Therefore, the main objective of the study should be to help people come to know and love Jehovah.

5 As a Bible student grows in knowledge and love of Jehovah, he will be moved to obey him. Jesus made it clear that a person who loves God will obey him, saying: “In order for the world to know that I love the Father, I am doing just as the Father has commanded me.” (John 14:31) In a similar way, a Bible student who deeply loves Jehovah will want to obey him and give him his wholehearted devotion.—1 John 5:3 5:3

6 Bible students who know Jehovah intimately are often able to make wise decisions. To illustrate: To become a pilot, a person does more than learn flight instructions or take tests. But it is also important that he stays with experienced pilots to learn how to fly and fly himself for a while. This will teach him how to drive through different weather conditions. In the same way, to get to know Jehovah intimately, a student needs to do more than study the Bible. It is also important to apply what he learns in life. The positive results will help him to see the practical value of Bible principles. This will help him to know Jehovah better. And when he recognizes how Jehovah is helping him, he will be able to make the right decision in any situation.

7 Joseph's knowledge of Jehovah helped him when Potiphar's wife tried to seduce him. As a child, Joseph must have heard the stories of Adam and Eve, as well as Abraham and Sarah. (Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) Those accounts must have helped Joseph to see Jehovah's view of marriage and sex. Joseph came to know Jehovah so well that he was able to reject the accusations of Potiphar's wife and say: “How could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?” (Genesis 39:7-9) Joseph knew what pleased Jehovah and what displeased him. He knows that certain actions can hurt God. This led Joseph to make the right decision. By helping our Bible students to come to know Jehovah better, they too will make decisions that please him.

TEACH YOUR BIBLE STUDENT TO KNOW JEHOVAH REALLY

8 How can you help your Bible student to know who Jehovah really is? Jehovah asked Job fifty different questions to help him learn more about Him

4. The value of the 100% satisfaction rate is 100%. (Mark 12:30)

5. If your Bible student loves Jehovah, what will this move him to do?

6. How will your Bible student benefit from getting to know Jehovah better? Make an example of it.

7. How did knowing Jehovah help Joseph to make wise decisions?

8. How to use Enjoy Life Forever! to help your student learn who Jehovah really is?

JULY 2026 21st

Questions That Promote Thinking

There are many questions in Enjoy Life Forever! book designed to help students grow in knowledge of Jehovah. Here are some games:

“How does Jehovah feel about those who preach the good news?” (lesson 21)

“What have you learned about Jehovah and Jesus that convinces you that those human governments and their supporters [at Armageddon] are worthy of destruction?” (lesson 33)

“How does Jehovah feel when you act wisely and obey him? (lesson 34)

“How do you think Jehovah would feel if we married someone who doesn’t love Jehovah?” (lesson 42)

“What does this scripture teach us about Jehovah’s [forgiveness]?” (lesson 56)

“In what way does Jehovah’s dealings with sinners show that he is a loving, understanding, and merciful God?” (lesson 57)

matter. (Job 38:1–41:34) We too can use questions in our teaching. The questions in Enjoy Life Forever! to help students learn more about Jehovah’s qualities. (See the box “Reasoning Questions.”) So use those questions to help your student come to know Jehovah as a person.

9 When we start a Bible study, we encourage people to read the Bible daily.* How can we help our students to benefit from reading the Bible? We can encourage them that each time they read a portion of the Bible, they will meditate on why Jehovah had that statement recorded in his Word, and they will identify Jehovah's qualities in what they read. The disciple James used this very approach in his study of Job. He saw that Job had endured many hardships, but he also learned from Job's experience that Jehovah is very tender in affection and merciful.—Read James 5:1

10 We want our students to see how each Bible account reveals what pleases and displeases Jehovah. For example, suppose your student sees the “Start a Bible Reading” box in Enjoy Life Forever! and tells you that he wants to read about Daniel

* In Enjoy Life Forever! in lesson 5 of the book, students are encouraged: “Use the ‘Get Ready to Read the Bible’ schedule to help you read the Bible regularly.”

9-10. (a) What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? (James 5:11) (b) Illustrate how a Bible account can help a student to discern what pleases Jehovah and what displeases him.

22 PROTECTION

Teach your student to recall what he knows about Jehovah when he reads a portion of the Bible that he finds difficult to understand (See paragraphs 12-13)

when he was in the lions’ den. What would you do? You might encourage him to think about such questions as he reads: 'Why did Jehovah protect Daniel? What does this account please Jehovah about?” (Dan. 6:10, 22) The student might also ask himself: “What happened to the men who accused Daniel? What does this account displease Jehovah about?” (Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) Finally, he could reflect on other qualities of Jehovah that he noticed in the account.—Dan. 6:26,

11 When our Bible student shows that he is benefiting from what he is learning, we are thrilled. But it is important to help him see that what he is learning comes from Jehovah, the Great Teacher. (Isa. 30:20, 21) The student may thank us for the study or commend us for our teaching. While these are not wrong, we should constantly remind him that he should be thanking Jehovah and giving all the credit to him.

HELP THE STUDENT TO APPLY WHAT HE LEARNED

12 For true knowledge to benefit us, we must apply what we learn. So how do you help your student apply what they learn? First, teach him that if he reads a portion of the Bible that he finds difficult to understand, he will remember what he knows about Jehovah. Perhaps he was reading about some Bible accounts and saw that Jehovah sentenced some to death but had mercy on others, which confused him. If this happens, how do you help your student think clearly?

13 Encourage him to think about what he has learned about Jehovah. At

11. How can we help our student to see that what he is learning is from Jehovah?

12-1 How can getting to know Jehovah well help a student if he is having difficulty understanding a Bible account? (See also photo.)

JULY 2026 23rd

for example: How does Jehovah feel about humans? (2 Pet. 3:9) What great provision did Jehovah make to save us from sin? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Does Jehovah punish those who deserve it? But does he refuse to punish those who deserve it? (Exodus 34:6, 7) Sometimes the Bible does not give us every detail about an event, so we cannot fully understand why Jehovah made certain decisions. And we don’t necessarily need to know every word. We know our God, and we are convinced that he always does what is right.

14 There is another way you can help your Bible student to apply what he has learned about Jehovah. Suppose your student is attending meetings but is having difficulty liking a brother. Maybe his brother did something to upset him. In this case, it is good to encourage the student to consider how Jehovah views our brothers. Let him ask himself, what has Jehovah done to show his love for all his servants? (John 3:16) How important is our unity to Jehovah? (Ps. 133:1) How does Jehovah feel about our efforts to be peaceable? (2 Cor. 13:11) Help your student to see that Jehovah is pleased when we focus on the good in our brothers rather than on the bad.

15 Finally, help your student to apply what he has learned about Jehovah when he is faced with an important decision. You can use Enjoy Life Forever! lesson 35, “How to Make Good Decisions,” will be added. What if the student has followed the counsel and prayerfully researched the matter but is still having difficulty making a decision? He may have recognized many Bible principles, but he did not know which ones to apply in his situation. If that happens, have him reflect on the example of Jesus. What does Jesus do that helps him make good decisions? “I always do the things pleasing to [my Father],” he said. (Read John 8:29.) Help the student to ask himself, 'Based on what I have researched and learned about Jehovah, what decision will I make that will please him?'

14. How can you help your student if he finds it difficult to love a brother?

Help your Bible student to make decisions that please Jehovah (See paragraphs 15-16)

15-1 (a) How can a Bible student imitate Jesus when faced with a weighty decision? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help her student to make the right decision? (See also photo.)

24 FAITH

16 A woman in Chile who was studying the Bible had to make a weighty decision. His family wanted him to accept a lucrative job, but he would no longer be able to attend meetings regularly. Marianne, her Bible teacher, says: "I encouraged her to think about how her choice would make Jehovah feel. Would it please Jehovah or hurt her? I also encouraged her to pray hard about the matter and see how Jehovah would answer her prayers. Notice that Marianne did not judge the student but helped him to reason on what he had learned about Jehovah. This drew the student closer to Marianne and, most important, to her love for Jehovah. “[The student] came to realize that when we put Jehovah’s service first, he takes care of us,” says Marianne.

JEHOVAH BLESS YOU AS YOU STRIVE TO KNOW HIM BETTER

17. The 17-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 For example, they learn about the condition of the dead, why Jesus died for us, and what the Kingdom will accomplish. They learn more about Jehovah’s organization; our meetings, the elders’ system and the work of the Governing Body. However, we want our students to know more than just that. We want them to know Jehovah better.

18 What a privilege we have to teach others to come to know Jehovah! Those who have come to know and serve Jehovah are now finding true happiness. (Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, all who “know the true God” will enjoy life forever. (1 John 5:20) But that is not all. The Bible says that “Jehovah God knows” all those who have earnestly come to know and love him. (1 Cor. 8:3) Yes, Almighty God recognizes us and views us as his friends. What a blessing it is to come to know the only true God!

The 17-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s, and is a veteran of the 2000s and 2001s.

18. What blessings do those who come to know Jehovah enjoy now, and what will lie ahead?

COVER Page 24: Demonstration of Marianne's Bible student deciding not to accept a job.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ Why should a Bible student come to know Jehovah better?

■ How can we teach a Bible student who Jehovah really is?

■ How can we help a Bible student to apply what he has learned about Jehovah?

SONG 84 We'll Do More

LIFE STORY

I Let Jehovah Mold Me

AS KEN KIUCHI SAID

I WILL never forget the day I started working at the Brooklyn Bethel bindery in New York, USA. As soon as I stepped into the printery, I was stunned by the loud noise and constant operation of the binders. Paper puffs and the smell of gasoline filled the place.

I noticed something else that really impressed me that day. He was the young men and women who worked there. Although their work required them to do the same things all the time, they enjoyed it. Their work is not visible and praiseworthy, but they are satisfied. Their good example taught me what it means to serve God in humility.

Over the years, Jehovah has gradually refined me so that I can serve him better. But first, let me tell you about my search for truth when I was a Buddhist.

I WANTED GOD IN MY CHILDHOOD

I was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, USA. I was the oldest of four children. My parents were Japanese who had moved to Chicago to make a success of life in America, as many so desperately wanted at the time. They want their children to get the best education, and to be successful in life.

My parents were devout Buddhists. There was a Buddhist temple in the village where my sister grew up. My grandparents and two aunts were Buddhist monks. So Buddhism had a profound influence on me from an early age. When I come home from school, the first thing I do is burn incense to the Buddha in our house and give him porridge and water. On Sundays, we go to a Buddhist temple and pray in front of a larger, gold-plated Buddha.

I remember when I was about seven years old staring at the idol we had in the playground and wondering, 'What will life be like for me after I die?' Buddhism teaches us that we will live in a spiritual realm after death. I was just shocked, so sad that I was going to die one day. I may become a spirit, but I will no longer enjoy life as a human. I was so depressed! I immediately felt helpless.

By the time I was about 15, I had lost all meaning in my Buddhist rituals. I was looking for something in life that I hadn’t found yet. (Matt. 5:3) I feel it

26 PROTECTION

that there is a living, almighty God. I want to know it. And I thought maybe the Bible would help me. So I bought an old King James Version (Bible du roi Jacques). You wouldn’t hear, I saw it at a Buddhist festival in fle lo!

When I was 17, one day I saw my dog ​​walking and a brother named Wilson Bashou approached me. “Do you know what God promises for the future?” he asked. That question led to a serious discussion of the Bible. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 and asked me: “What do the ‘many waters’ upon which the harlot sits represent?” I don’t know anything about it. He showed me verse 15, which says that the waters represent people. His example impressed me with the way Jehovah’s Witnesses use the Scriptures to explain the Scriptures. Before leaving, Wilson gave me the book The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life. That little blue book changed my life.

Ten days later, I attended my first meeting at the Kingdom Hall. I will never forget the warm welcome I received. Since then, I have not stopped attending meetings. Brother Wilson started to study the Bible with me. I enjoyed the study so much that sometimes we stayed for eight hours! My parents were very worried about me, so they didn’t want me to continue studying. But I didn’t stop. The more I learned, the more I became convinced that this was the truth. I was baptized in

I LEFT UNIVERSITY TO DO THE LICENSE

I was attending a prestigious university and studying to become a physician when I was baptized. My parents made many sacrifices so that I could attend. I could have gone to university, but I wanted to give Jehovah my best and serve him full-time.

“If you ever quit university, I’ll kick you out of this game!” my father said bluntly. I was confused and depressed. I love my parents very much and I don’t want to hurt them. So I often went to the school board at night and prayed fervently to Jehovah: “Jehovah, please help me to make the right decision.” Eventually, I decided to drop out of the university. My father kicked me out of the game. So I called Wilson and told him what happened. He was willing to let me stay with him. So I packed my things in a bag and took the bus to him. I remember just feeling instantly relieved. I felt that I had made the right decision.

I felt like a bird caught in a cage! I am now free to do the ministry fully. So I started pioneering in

While in the regular pioneer service, Jehovah helped me to learn some good qualities, including hard work. One afternoon, I almost couldn’t go out. Because there was no one to go with me, which discouraged my uncle. Still, I tried to go. After spending some hours in the ministry, I decided to preach to some people in an attic before leaving. I was alone in the field, tired, and the weather was rainy. I was confused, “Should I continue, or should I break?” As I climbed the stairs to the third floor, I saw a young man from the Philippines. I thought: ‘This person I’m going to care about

With Wilson Bashou, who taught me Bible truth

JULY 2026 | 27

I am taking people on tours of the Bindery in Brooklyn

With Michiko Oda and her husband

it doesn’t.” But I was so pregnant! She accepted a Bible study, and she too became a servant of Jehovah.

HOW JEHOVAH CHANGED ME AT BROOKLYN BETHEL

After two years with Wilson, I was invited to serve at Brooklyn Bethel in As I mentioned earlier, I was asked to work in the bindery. One day while using a labeling machine, I made a mistake that cost hundreds of sheets of paper. The brothers asked me to go and tell our manager what had happened. I told him all the reasons for my mistake, but there was one thing I didn’t do. “It’s always good to apologize,” the manager told me gently. At that point, I learned the importance of admitting my mistake and saying, “I’m sorry.”

The good examples of older members of the Bethel family gave me a better understanding of what it means to serve others. One day I was at the same table for lunch with Brother Milton Henschel, then a member of the Governing Body. That day, we were packed in the dining room, and the brothers working in the kitchen were busy serving the food. The other young men at the table and I were complaining to each other that the food was not being served at all. Brother Henschel did not speak, just quietly stood at the table and helped the brothers distribute cups of water and plates of candy and butter. That fine example of humility is something I will never forget. It reminded me of how Jesus ministered to his apostles.—John 13:35. 13:3-5

“TRY TO LEARN JAPANGE!”

In 1987, I visited Japan, and I was impressed by the humility and zeal of the brothers. I wanted to help the brothers, but the problem was that I didn’t understand Japanese. “Try to learn Japanese!” a Bethel sister named Michiko Oda said, looking at me. And that’s exactly what I did. Little did I know that his words would change my life.

28 LANGUAGE

A few months later, I was assigned to a Japanese congregation in New York. Learning Japanese opened up many opportunities for me to do more for Jehovah God. In 1989, I attended the Japanese convention in Los Angeles, California. That was the first time I attended a conference in that language. At that convention, I met and fell in love with a pioneer sister named Miwako Onami, who was among the dramatists.

Miwako and I were married in 1992, and we both had the privilege of serving at Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako is thoughtful and caring, always willing to help. Those positive qualities helped me to shape the way I treated people. Miwako is a gift from Jehovah to me. It always makes me feel good and happy.

WE SERVED AT THE JAPAN BRANCH, THEN IN THE FIELD

In time, both my father-in-law and my mother-in-law became seriously ill. So the organization was kind enough to send us to the Japan branch, so that we could also care for them. We flew to Japan in

The Bethel family in Japan welcomed us, and we gradually adjusted to life there. The hospitality and kindness of the Japanese brothers were outstanding, and following their example made my situation even better. They don’t play with work at all. And they can work together in a sea father. What is the cause of it? Japanese culture encourages working with one another to achieve a common goal, rather than an individual acting independently to achieve his or her own goals. Their fine example encouraged me to be humble and cooperative, to appreciate the small part I was playing in supporting Jehovah's overall purpose.

However, because of the differences in my background, I sometimes find it hard to understand why certain issues were resolved in a certain way. I had to learn patience, and not overreact. Gradually, I adjusted my thinking. I have seen that Jehovah can bless a decision-

Our wedding day

any crossing as long as we follow the direction he gives us through his organization. The point is, Jehovah makes things work.

I often compare the way Jehovah molded me at Bethel to the way he molded the prophet Moses. During his 40 years as a shepherd, Jehovah helped him to learn mildness. Like Moses, I had some advanced education. As a result, I felt proud and confident. But serving at Bethel taught me to be humble and to rely on Jehovah. Just as Jehovah patiently molded Moses, so he has molded me over the years.

We cared for Miwako's parents for nearly 24 years until their death. During their illness, we called them and the doctors who were treating them several times, made several hospital visits; and we were sometimes anxious. Miwako's mother, Masako, became so ill that she could no longer walk. It was not easy for Masako to attend congregation meetings or go out in the field service. In the weeks leading up to his death, he had to be confined to a wheelchair. But

JULY 2026 29th

despite all these challenges, his love for Jehovah did not diminish. Every time he speaks the truth, you will see joy on his face. I was impressed by Masako’s religious zeal and her calm and happy personality no matter what the circumstances, and I wanted to follow her example.

In 2024, we have a big change. We were sent to the field. At the time, we had been serving at Bethel for over 30 years. We now serve as special pioneers on the island of Okinawa, and we have the privilege of witnessing to fomes at a nearby military base. The good training we received at Bethel helped us to adjust more easily to our new assignment. We have some good schedules that we try to follow, and we work hard to use our time wisely so that we can focus on the ministry. With Jehovah's help, we have had Bible students who have become like family to us. We now realize more and more how important it is to love others. Mi-wako and I thank Jehovah every day for this wonderful assignment.

I WANT JEHOVAH TO CONTINUE TO CHANGE ME

My family is no longer opposed, but they have not yet joined me in serving Jehovah. Jesus promised that Jehovah would now reward those who leave their families and become his disciples a hundredfold, in this way that they would have a greater family. (Mark 10:29, 30) This happened to me. There are countless forms I have had in the world, who have loved and cared deeply for me.

I still have the very book of truth that Wilson gave me. Every time I see that blue book, I am reminded of the love that Jehovah showed me in finding the truth. (1 Chron. 28:9) I am determined to continue to allow him to mold me, and I am determined to help others learn the truth that leads to everlasting life.

While working at the Japan branch

Miwako and I are preaching in Okinawa

30 PROTECTION

Settle Your Match Quickly!

HAVE you ever been hurt by a brother or sister? To repair the damage and maintain a good relationship, you need to: (1) act quickly, and (2) do so with the right attitude.*

For example, suppose someone has a broken leg. The abdomen must be adjusted to recover from pain. But if the pregnancy is not treated quickly, the pain will continue. Worse still, the pregnancy will not grow properly and will not work properly.

Just as it is vital to settle a broken pregnancy quickly, so it is urgent to settle differences with our Christian brothers. Otherwise, you will be hurting the loss of your friendship. You will become angry with each other and break up completely. Jesus said: “Be about settling matters quickly with the other.” (Matt. 5:25) So approach your friend and talk about the matter openly and honestly. Why might this be difficult? Consider these two reasons.

First: You may feel like ignoring the issue because you are having a hard time going to the other person and talking about it.# Consider two Christians, Euodia and Syntyche. They may have a disagreement and are unable to resolve it. The dispute evidently lasted for a long time because although the apostle Paul was as far away as Rome, he heard about the matter. He warned them to do everything they could to make peace. (Phil. 4:2) When they are humble, open about the matter, and freely forgive each other, they will remain friends.

Second: You may feel that the other person is responsible for the mistake and that he or she should apologize. But the most important thing is to protect your friendship, not who is right or who is wrong. For example, when a person has a miscarriage and is being treated by a doctor, the doctor is concerned with how to speed up the recovery, not with knowing exactly what the person did before the miscarriage. In the same way, when you are dealing with the issue, you don’t-have to worry about the wrong person. Instead, focus on how much you care about each other and what you can do to make peace.

So if you have a problem with a brother, try to talk to him today, to resolve the matter so that you can be friends again. “Let not the sun go down upon your wrath.” (Eph. 4:26) By taking these steps and making peace with your brother quickly, you will preserve “the uniting bond of peace.”—Eph. 4:1-3

* It is best to settle minor issues privately and be willing to forgive. (Matt. 5:23, 24) In some difficult cases, we can seek the help of the elders. (Matt. 18:17) Before seeking the help of the elders, however, a Christian must first apply the counsel found at Matthew 18:15, # If a brother's offense is not harmful, you can ignore it.—Prov. 26:2

JULY 2026 31

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

July 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 7 EWE

IN THIS FATHER

Study Article for September 7-13 | 2

Imitate the Gibeonites

Study Article for September 14-20 | 8

The Book of Isaiah Can Comfort You

Study Article for September 21-27 | 14

The Key to Getting to Know Jehovah Better

Study Article for September 28–October 4 | 20

Help People Know Jehovah

BIOGRAPHY | 26

I Let Jehovah Mold Me

Make Peace With Your Brother Quickly! | 31

TRY THIS

How to Make Your Comments Upbuilding

At our congregation meetings, we have the opportunity to comment and encourage one another. (Heb. 10:24, 25) How can you make your comments upbuilding?

• Pray to Jehovah. Ask him to help you to make your comments dignified and upbuilding.—Ps. 35:1

• Try to answer in your own words rather than reading directly from the book. When you answer in your own words, your expression of faith will benefit others.

• Keep your answers brief. Keeping your comments brief will encourage others and give them an opportunity to respond.—Prov. 10:1

• Keep a positive attitude when responding. Do not use your comments to refute or criticize members of the congregation or a brother.

Even if you don’t have the opportunity to comment, you can be encouraging. Listen carefully to their comments, and commend them.—Prov. 10:2

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Open the jw.org website, or scan this icon with your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.07-EW