AUGUST

THE PRAYER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

STUDY ARTICLES FOR: OCTOBER 5–NOVEMBER 1,

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

Do Not Believe Satan's Lies—Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

SONGS 55 Do Not Be Afraid of Them!

PURPOSE In this article, we will identify Satan's methods of deceiving us into losing our trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

“Oppose the Devil, and he will flee from you.”—JAS. 4:7

SINCE we dedicated ourselves to Jehovah, Satan and his demons have been bitterly hostile to us. They want us to stop serving Jehovah. But Satan is well aware that as long as Jehovah is helping us, his efforts will not succeed. So he does everything he can to get us to turn away from Jehovah so that Jehovah will not help us, if he can help us. One way he does this is by trying to convince us that Jehovah and his Son, Jesus, are not interested in us.—2 Cor. 11:14; Yak. 1:6

2 When the workers are in the field, they must trust their leaders. Otherwise, they will become independent and this may lead to domination in the field. They may even lose their lives. We too are fighting against “wicked spirit forces.” (Eph. 6:12) Our Leaders are Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. Satan the Devil knows that if we lose complete trust in them, we will disobey them. So he uses various methods to deceive us into not trusting them. In this article, we will see how he used this method in the past and how he still uses it today. Then we will see how we can avoid being influenced by his crafty acts. In the next article, we will consider two more ways that Satan tries to deceive us into giving up on our spiritual journey.

* Not all of our suffering is directly caused by Satan. But he is behind “the spirit of the world,” which is inciting people to hate God’s people. So when we are going through difficult situations or are being persecuted, we should know that Satan is coming to work with us.—1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:1

1. What is the method of Satan to get us to stop serving Jehovah?

The 2017 FIFA World Cup is a spectacular event for the country.

2

SATAN SPREAD LIES ABOUT JEHOVAH AND JESUS

3 Back in the garden of Eden, Satan was determined to get Adam and Eve to disobey Jehovah. Satan deceived Eve into believing that the Creator did not want their best. “Is it really so that God said you must not eat from every tree of the garden?” Satan asked Eve. (Genesis 3:1-5) Satan wanted Eve to think that Jehovah was tempting her with something important. This is not true. Sadly, though, Eve believed Satan's lie and Adam joined her. They turned their backs on Jehovah, who gave them life and everything else.—Genesis 3:6

4 After turning Adam and Eve away from Jehovah, Satan continued to spread lies about Him. For example, Satan used Job's three companions to convince Job that Jehovah did not love him and that he did not care about his integrity. (Job 22:1-3) Satan caused Job much suffering. He thought that Job would blame Jehovah for his suffering and turn against Him. Despite Satan's vicious attacks, Job remained faithful to Jehovah.—Job 27:1,

5 Centuries after Job's day, when Jesus came to earth, Satan tried to turn people away from Jesus. One way he did this was by getting the religious leaders and others who hated Jesus to spread lies about him. Finally, he was executed as a thief.—Read Matthew

11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; Yoh. 8:41-4

6 After Jesus' death, Satan tried to discourage Jesus' followers from preaching about him. First, the Devil tried to make people doubt that God had not resurrected Jesus. So he spreads the lie that Jesus' disciples had stolen his body. (Matt. 28:11-15) Next, Satan caused vicious persecution against Jesus' disciples. He thought that this would make them so afraid that they would stop carrying out the work that Jesus had given them.—Acts 5:17-2 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3; 28:2

7 While this discouraged some Christians, most were courageous and kept on preaching. They recognized that they were opposed by Satan and his demons. (Acts 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) What about today? In what ways does Satan try to discourage us from serving Jehovah?

SATAN CONTINUES TO SPREAD LIES ABOUT JEHOVAH AND JESUS

8 Today, one of Satan's most effective crafty acts is to suppress the truth about Jehovah and Jesus. Being “the father of the lie,” he uses false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus. (John 8:44) For example, it makes it difficult for people to know the true identity of Jehovah and his Son. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some religious leaders teach that the Father is the same as the Son. For this reason, people worship the Son instead of the Father because they do not even know the Father’s name. But both Jehovah and Jesus are wrong

3. What did Satan do to cause Eve to lose confidence in Jehovah?

4. What lie did Satan try to convince Job?

5. What did Satan do to turn people away from Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7 What did Satan do to stop Jesus’ followers from preaching?

8. How does Satan use false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST

Satan's world wants us to think that God's guidance is no longer practical (See paragraph 11)

does not condone this type of service. (Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) When such lies are infected, it can be difficult to recognize the truth, and some may even oppose our ministry.

9 If you want to be friends with someone, it is important to know their name. The same is true if we want to be God’s friend. The Bible says that if we know God’s name and trust in him, he will protect us. (Prov. 18:10) But Satan does not want people to know Jehovah and become his friends. So throughout history, he has used false religion to cause people to forget God's name or to hinder others from even knowing it. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) For example, this enemy has caused God's name to be removed from many Bible translations. The Devil has spread another lie—that Jehovah is responsible for our suffering. Therefore, many people find it hard to believe that Jehovah wants them to be his friends. (Jas. 4:8) Satan also tries to turn Jehovah's servants away from Him.

10 When we are going through difficult situations,

9. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100% and the value is 100%.

4 PROTECTION

Satan wants us to believe that Jehovah does not care about us. He wants us to be patient- about Jehovah when things don’t go away quickly. (Prov. 19:3) And when that happens, we may begin to reason: 'If Jehovah does not help me, why should I continue to obey his laws and instructions? It’s not going to work!” This thinking could lead us to reject Jehovah, and that is exactly what Satan wants.

11 Satan uses the Internet to try to convince us that we cannot benefit from Jehovah's guidance. For example, people on the Internet say that the Bible's moral code is outdated and that anyone can do what he thinks is right. Clearly, “the ruler of the world” has used his cunning to blur the distinction between right and wrong.—John 17:16; 14:30; Yes, it is. 5:20; 1 Tim. 4: 1,

12 If we allow ourselves to be influenced by the thinking of Satan's world about right and wrong, we could begin to think that what Jehovah teaches is wrong. Shannon*, a young sister, says: “It took me a while to realize that the lifestyle I was being taught in school and the behavior of my associates were slowly changing my mind

* We have changed the name.

11. How does Satan try to get people to reject Jehovah's guidance? (See also photo.)

12. Why should we not listen to Satan’s lies?

I no longer enjoyed serving Jehovah, and I no longer enjoyed being with my family and brothers.” But Shannon later made changes and escaped Satan's machinations, restoring her relationship with Jehovah. What helped him to do so?

13 Shannon came to realize that she needed to make changes to restore her relationship with Jehovah and Jesus. She says: “I prayed to Jehovah to help me make good friends and researched books to play with. I also really benefited from a video on jw.org (Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends? or Young People Ask. . . How to Make Real Friends). video is similar to mine.He asked his parents for help My parents, the elders, and the older sisters in the congregation helped me to break free from bad associations on the right.”

BE SURE THAT JEHOVAH AND JESUS ​​LOVE YOU

14. If you want to have a good relationship with Jehovah, you need to be a friend

* For more information on how to help young people draw closer to Jehovah, go to the Teenagers and Youths section of jw.org and then to the Growth section of jw.org. On the JW Library® app, go to the Topics tab and look for the “Young People Ask” section, and then look for the subheading Spiritual Growth.

13. What do you learn from Shannon’s debt story?

14. How can we avoid being weakened by Satan's lies? (See also photo.)

AUGUST

If we strive to maintain a good relationship with Jehovah, we will avoid Satan's machinations

(See paragraph 14)

who loved him. (Jas. 4:4) We must also be careful not to believe everything the world says on the Internet or in the media. For example, we may receive inaccurate or false information. But if we are diligent in studying the Bible and our publications and regularly associate with our mature Christian brothers and sisters, nothing will easily lead us astray. With a clear understanding of Bible truth, we can recognize Satan's lies and not allow him to weaken our faith.—Prov. 13:20; Some. 17:1

15 When we study the Bible and get to know Jehovah and Jesus better, we can be convinced that they are really with us. (Prov. 22:19) Our confidence in Jehovah and Jesus can be strengthened when we reflect on how they cared for faithful ones recorded in the Bible. There is abundant evidence in the Bible that Jehovah and Jesus love us very much. For example, Jehovah says that he loves his servants more than a mother loves her child. (Isa. 49:15) He also said that those who love him are his “special property.” (Mal. 3:16, 17,

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

6 PROTECTION

footnote) The Bible tells us how much Jesus loves us too. Jesus himself said that he loved us so much that he gave his life for us.—John 3:16; 15:12,

16 Reflecting on how Jehovah and Jesus have helped us in the past can strengthen our appreciation for their love for us. Perhaps Jehovah answered a prayer or strengthened you when you were in a difficult situation. Meditating on such things will strengthen your faith in Jehovah’s continued care. You can ask the brothers and sisters to tell you how Jehovah has cared for them too. (Prov. 22:17) This will assure you that no matter what happens, Jehovah and Jesus will never leave you.—Read Psalm 118:5,

17 We all want to stay close to Jehovah and Jesus forever. But Sata-

na and his demons will come against us to stop us from trusting in Jehovah and Jesus. So we have to keep fighting them as long as they exist. (Rev. 20:1-3, 10) To counteract Satan's machinations, draw close to Jehovah and trust in the love and appreciation of him and his Son. Then, as Jesus said, “no one can snatch you out of the Father’s hand.”—Read John 10:29; Yak. 4:7

18 In the next article, we will discuss two more of Satan's crafty acts. They are his attempts to divide the congregation and his persecution. How can we resist these tactics? We’ll come and see.

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (Psalm 118:5, 6)

17. According to John 10:29, what assurance did Jesus give to those who love him and his Father?

18. What will we discuss in the next article?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ How did Satan spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ How is Satan spreading lies about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ What convinces you that Jehovah and Jesus are with you?

SONGS 150 Seek God for Your Salvation

OCTOBER 12-18,

SONGS 129 We Will Endure

PURPOSE This article will help us to remember that we are fighting, not against our Christian brothers, but against Satan and the demons.

You Can Conquer Satan and the Demons!

“We have a wrestling, not against blood and flesh, but against . . . wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places.”—EPH. 6:1

WE JEHOVAH’S servants do not go to war. (Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) However, the Bible says that we all have a fight against Satan and the demons. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) How can we resist such powerful enemies? The most important thing is to trust in Jehovah for help. In addition, we need to be aware of the methods used by Satan and his demons to harm us and our Christian brothers.

2 In the previous article, we saw how the Devil tries to undermine our trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will discuss two more tactics that Satan uses to try to turn us away from Jehovah. First, he tries to destroy the unity-building between us and our brothers. And second, he causes people to persecute us so that we will be afraid to stop doing the work that Jehovah has given us to do.

SATAN TRIES TO DIVIDE US

3 Satan tries to separate us from our brother

1. What enemies do we need to fight? (Ephesians 6:11, 12) 2. What will we discuss in this article? 3. How does Satan try to divide us?

8

Saul became jealous of David and lost confidence in Jehovah, but Jonathan believed in Jehovah and supported David (See paragraphs 4, 6)

Among Christians. He knows that if we are not united, he can easily overwhelm us. In Satan's world, most people lack love and trust. Satan wants us to imitate their attitude so that we become critical or even hateful of our brothers and find fault with Jehovah's organization.—Rom. 16:1

4 Consider King Saul. First, he loved David, and was impressed by his military skills. (1 Sam. 18:5) In time, though, Saul became jealous of David because he saw that David was more popular than he was. This makes him hate David and wants to kill him. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) Satan would love to see David killed. What is the reason? The fact is, Jehovah anointed David as king of Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) Satan does not want that to happen. So he must have been very happy when Saul was determined to kill David, Jehovah's chosen one.

5 Satan knows that our unity brings Jehovah's support and blessing. (Ps. 133:1) Satan's goal is to disrupt our unity. So he wants us to be jealous and jealous of our brothers, just as Saul was jealous of David. Because he knows that if we are jealous of them, it will be difficult to show them love. (Mark 12:30, 31) But will our worship be acceptable to Jehovah if we are jealous of our brothers? The disciple James gave a strong warning about the danger of dishonesty.—Read James 3:14-1

6. Love for our Christian brothers and sisters will not envy them but will stick to them

4. Why did King Saul hate David? (See also the picture.)

5. Why does the Devil want us to be jealous of our Christian brothers? (James 3:14-16)

6. What do you learn from Jonathan’s example? (See also the picture.)

AUGUST

9

strongly. Consider Saul’s son Jonathan. He was not afraid of David like his father Saul. He became David's friend, and he assured him that Jehovah's promise would come true. “You will be king over Israel,” he told David. Jonathan humbly acknowledged that David was Jehovah's choice to be king and supported him.—1 Sam. 23:16,

7 Satan uses another tactic to disrupt our unity. Because we come from many different backgrounds, cultures, and attitudes, Satan uses them to divide us. What can you do to prevent this from happening? Resolve problems and conflicts quickly. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Be more loving and positive. Despite our differences, we are all as important as all our parts. (1 Cor. 12:12) We are united in our fight against the same enemies, Satan and the demons.—1 Pet. 5:8,

8 If a brother says or does something that upsets you, remember that he is imperfect just as you are. Two singles on the water don’t back away from each other, so as long as we’re working with each other, conflict is bound to arise. (Eccl. 7:20) When that happens, we need to be patient with one another, as Jehovah counsels us. And if someone hurts you, be willing to forgive. (Col. 3:12-14)

Therefore, let us love our Christian brothers and be united with them, for that is what Jehovah and Jesus want.—John 13:34, 35; 17:20,

SATAN USES OPPOSITION TO DISCONTINUE US

9 Another tactic that Satan uses to weaken us is persecution. The apostle Paul warns us that all true Christians will be persecuted. (2 Tim. 3:12) Persecution is, in fact, an injustice. When we are opposed and persecuted, it is easy to become so preoccupied with justice that we lose sight of the main work that Jehovah has given us to do—the Kingdom-preaching work.—Rom. 12:19-2

10 Consider Abraham’s son Isaac. Isaac was very successful; as a result, he became jealous of the Philistines and stopped up the wells that Abraham's servants had dug. (Genesis 26:12-18) Isaac and his family and livestock were in desperate need of water. So he chose to move away and dig more wells. However, the Philistines claimed them as well. This injustice could have been discouraging to Isaac. But Isaac wanted peace. He did not allow conflict to continue between his herdsmen and the Philistines. So he went away again, and Jehovah blessed him. (Genesis 26:19-25) Can we, like Isaac, be patient when we are treated unfairly?

7. How can we prevent the Devil from disrupting our unity? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. How should you react when a brother says or does something that upsets you?

9. What is another tactic Satan uses to discourage us?

10. When Isaac was treated unfairly, how did he react?

10 PROTECTION

STOP

#WE WANT CHANGE

THE PEOPLE SERVE

WE WANT CHANGE

Will you remain loyal to Jehovah and his Kingdom? (See paragraph 13)

The 11th century was a time of great change for the Messiah. For example, some of his relatives thought he was crazy. (Mark 3:21) The religious leaders often accused him of being unworthy to preach. (Luke 11:15, 16) He was betrayed by a close friend. (Matt. 26:14-16) The chief priests joined the authorities in condemning him to death. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) Despite this opposition, Jesus kept busy in Jehovah's service. He never acted out. When Jesus was arrested, the apostle Peter tried to defend him. This caused him to cut off the ear of a slave of the high priest. But Jesus did not approve of Peter's actions, and he miraculously restored the man's ear. (Luke 22:50, 51) In all of this, Jesus did not retaliate but focused on the work that Jehovah had given him to do.

12 Like Jesus, we face difficult situations that can discourage us. Satan tries to stop us from preaching the good news. Our family or others may oppose or even persecute us. Yet, Jesus taught us to love even those who persecute us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) So we should not hate or quarrel with those who persecute us. Instead, we will follow Jesus' instruction to be kind, patient, and respectful toward all, even when we are persecuted.—1 Cor. 13:4

13 We should show respect for secular authorities even when they impose laws that restrict our worship or that make life difficult for us in some other way. What is the reason? Because that is what Jehovah requires of us. (Rom. 13:1

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

12. Matthew 5:43, 44. How should we treat persecutors?

13. Why should we respect governments even when they are against us? (See also photo.)

AUGUST

Love and unity can help us to conquer Satan and the demons (See paragraph 16)

1, 2) Of course, not all governmental decisions that affect us are directly from Satan. But Satan wants us to get angry and criticize or oppose the government in our own defense. That is how people in the world react when they disagree with government decisions. But that would never be right for a Christian! (Prov. 24:21, 22, footnote; Eccl. 8:2, 3) By meddling in politics, we are doing Satan's will and are not fully supporting God's Kingdom. —John 10:1 15:1

14 Some former opposers have become zealous servants of Jehovah. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So when you are “reproached and persecuted and lyingly say every sort of wicked thing against you,” remember that they can change. (Matt. 5:11) Pray that the authorities will allow us to continue to worship Jehovah in peace. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Also pray for family members, workmates, and schoolmates who oppose you. Ask Jehovah to help you know how to react to their change of heart. And keep being patient! “There are so many good things that can happen when we are patient, and we keep being so patient,” says one woman who persecuted her Witness husband for years before she accepted the truth.

15 It is impossible to escape all the injustices we see and are being treated in the world today. (Eccl. 1:15) But Jehovah can.

The 14-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

12 PROTECTION

He knows all that we are going through. (Ps. 37:18) Soon he will use his Kingdom to undo all the damage done by Satan and those who side with him. (1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) Until then, however, we must continue to be patient and loving toward all. We should use our time and energy to help as many people as possible become Jehovah’s friends.

WE CAN OVERCOME SATAN AND DEMONS!

16 The Bible assures us that we can conquer Satan and the demons. (Jas. 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) But this requires complete faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (Eph. 6:16) So keep building your faith. And let that faith inspire you to continue to love and stay close to your Christian brothers and sisters.

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (See also photos.)

17 No matter what means the Devil uses to divide or discourage us, we must never succumb to his influence. Jehovah and Jesus have promised to help us overcome Satan-na if we stick to them. Together with our Christian brothers, we have a fight against our archenemy, Satan. If some people oppose us, we should follow Jesus’ counsel to treat them kindly. (Luke 6:27, 28) So keep fighting Satan and the demons and be confident that you can win.

17. What should you be determined to do?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ How does Satan try to divide us from our Christian brothers?

■ How does Satan try to get us to stop the Kingdom-preaching work?

■ What convinces you that you can defeat Satan and the demons?

HADZIDZI 149

Avadzidudu Fe Ha

OCTOBER 19-25,

SONGS 106 Let Us Build Love

PURPOSE In this article, we will consider what we can learn from the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus about promoting peace in the congregation.

Be Motivated by Love in All Things

“On account of love I wish to entreat you.”—PHILEM. 9.

AS JEHOVAH'S servants, we place a high value on peace. It gives us a glimpse of what life in Paradise will be like. (Isa. 32:17, 18) Jehovah is the Source of this peace, but it is up to each of us to maintain it. (Rom. 12:18) How can we promote peace in the congregation? How can we do this if we have offended a brother? And how do we keep peace when someone offends us? A Bible account will help us answer these questions. It is about the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus.

“I WANT TO APOLOGIZE”

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. In his letter to Philemon, Paul encouraged him to be willing to take back his slave Onesimus. Paul knew that Philemon's love for Christ and for his Christian brothers would move him to do so. Perhaps you remember this story. Philemon was a member of the Colossian congregation. All the brothers knew that he was loving and had strong faith. His former unbelieving slave Onesimus fled to Rome, likely stealing some of his possessions. (Philem. 18.) While in Rome, Onesimus became a Christian and became close to Paul. (Col. 4:9) Roman law required that a runaway slave return to his master, so Paul sent Onesimus back to Philemon.—Philem. 12,

3 How would Philemon treat Onesimus? Under the law, Onesimus could be severely punished. But will he do that? How will the congregation react? Will this issue cause division between brothers who are masters and brothers who are slaves? Paul considered these matters and saw the possibility of this event

1. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

2. Summarize the story of Philemon and Onesimus. (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

3. What concerns might Paul have had about sending Onesimus back to his master? (See also the illustration on the cover.)

14

it will disrupt the peace of the congregation. So he writes a letter to Tychicus to take to Philemon. (Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9.) At the same time, Paul wrote a letter to the Colossians. In this article, we will-consider what we can learn from Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus from Paul’s words in those two letters.

WHAT WE CAN LEARN FROM PAUL

4 What can we learn from Paul? Paul's dealings with the brothers contributed to the peace of the congregation. The example of Efe shows us how to deal with people to keep peace.

5 Paul treated Philemon in a friendly manner. (Philem. 17) Paul did not think that he could answer Philemon as if he were his servant. (2 Cor. 1:24) Rather, Paul viewed Philemon as a fellow worker and reminded him of their friendship. What a fine example Paul set for Philemon in dealing with Onesimus, who became his Christian brother! This is a good example for all of us, especially the elders. Elders who are friendly play a vital role in promoting peace. These loving shepherds do not “lord it over” God’s flock. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) Instead, they value them, spend time with them, listen to them, and help them in times of need. Elders who imitate Paul by treating their brothers and sisters in a friendly way set a good example for them, thus promoting peace in the congregation.

6 Paul commended Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5, 7) We

all we need praise. What is the reason? Because many of our brothers feel that they are not being accepted. They may feel that they are not handsome or attractive, and that people do not like them. Some brothers and sisters feel that they will lose a cherished privilege of service. It is understandable to feel this way. But these feelings can make you nervous or irritable. You may also begin to feel that others are looking for faults in you and try to prove that you are better than others. These attitudes can disrupt peace with our brothers. But praising each other will ease those feelings. (Prov. 12:25) It will reassure us that we are loved and appreciated. Would you like to give people such satisfaction? But take advantage of every opportunity to give sincere commendation. Keep praising them, not only for a good deed, but also for the efforts they are making. The point is, if you notice something good in someone, tell them.

7 Paul spoke well of Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) Did Paul's positive comments change Philemon's attitude toward Onesimus? Will it affect how he opens his mouth? And will he be able to treat her with love? Paul's words must have touched Philemon! Similarly, what we say about our brothers can affect how others view or react to them. If we pick up on our brothers and sisters, people will treat them well. But if we pick up the wrong thing about them

4-5 What can the elders do to promote peace in the congregation?

6. Why is it important to keep ka-fuming each other?

7. Why is it important to think carefully before making a statement about your brothers? (Philemon 10-12)

AUGUST

Like Paul, think positively of and speak well of your Christian brothers (See paragraph 8)

will not be treated well. To be able to pick up on people, we need to think positively about them. What will help us? We can learn from something Paul did regularly.

8 Paul often thanked Jehovah for Philemon's good qualities. (Philem. 4, 5) Paul was similarly grateful for others. (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Although Paul was aware of his brothers' shortcomings, he sought to see their good qualities. And he always made it a point to thank Jehovah for them. If you find it difficult to speak well of your brothers, remember this important fact: If you set out to think positively about your brothers and pray earnestly for Jehovah's blessing, you will find it easier to speak well of them.

9 Despite his difficult circumstances, Paul treated Philemon kindly. Have you ever been so tired or stressed that you couldn’t deal with someone properly? When we are in a difficult situation, it is often easy to become angry with others. Consider the situation of Paul when he wrote to Philemon. Some days earlier, Paul had been attacked by a mob and severely beaten and unjustly imprisoned. He was imprisoned in Jerusalem and Caesarea for a time. Later, while being taken to Rome, the boat they were in wrecked. And now that Paul is writing to Philemon, he is still a prisoner in prison in Rome. (Philem. 1) But did Paul allow his circumstances to cause him to become bitter in his letter to Philemon? No. Paul thought carefully and chose words that would honor and impress Philemon. What is the lesson for us? When we work hard to be kind to others even when we are depressed, tired, or under pressure, we contribute to the peace of the congregation. Then this peace will help us to endure.

8. What is the best way to think and speak positively about your brothers? (See also photos.)

9. What is significant about Paul’s letter to Philemon, and why?

WHAT WE CAN LEARN FROM ONESIMOUS

10 We all do or say things that hurt our brothers at times. Onesi-

10. What did Onesimus do to make peace with Philemon, and what is significant about his actions?

16 PROTECTION

face provides a good example of how to keep peace when this happens. He did something that seemed simple, but not easy to do. Onesimus admits that he has wronged Philemon and agrees to go back and make peace with him. Onesimus knew that Roman law required him to return to his master. So he made the long journey of over 1,400 miles (about fifty days) back to his master. The journey will undoubtedly be expensive and tiring. He must also be willing to become a slave again, and if he is punished, he must be willing to accept it. This step alone will not be easy for him. But did he feel justified in running away from his master? Even if he felt that way, I didn’t let that stop him from going back. He went to do his best to make peace with her.

11 If you have a fault with someone, approach him and make peace. (Matt. 5:23-25) This may not be easy, but it will be worth it. First, make a sincere apology. Listen carefully and understand the other person when they express their feelings. Admit your guilt. Don’t blame yourself or blame yourself. This will only make your apology seem insincere and prolong the matter, or make matters worse. Apology requires humility, so be humble, for apology is the best way to make peace.—Rom. 14:1

WHAT WE CAN LEARN FROM PHILEMON



13 Philemon had deep love for his Christian brothers. (Phi-lem. 5) The name Philemon means “beloved.” He truly lived up to his name too. The brothers knew he was very loving. This attitude must have helped him to love

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (See also photos.)

12. Why was Paul confident that Philemon would forgive Onesimus?

13. Why is love essential for peace-making? (Colossians 3:14)

Like Onesimus, humbly do your best to keep peace with your brothers (See paragraph 11)

Like Philemon, cultivate hospitality and thus promote unity in the congregation (See paragraph 15)

freely forgive Onesimus. In his letter to Philemon’s congregation in Colossae, Paul describes love as “a perfect bond of union.” (Read Colossians 3:14.) In a sense, no other quality is more peaceable and harmonious than love. The more we love people, the easier it is to forgive and treat them kindly. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Let us consider another quality that helped Philemon to love his brothers.

14 Philemon has another important quality that makes him easy to love; it is the hospitality. He volunteered to have the congregation meet in his home. (Philem. 2) Paul evidently knew that Philemon was hospitable, so he asked him to set aside some salt for him. (Philem. 22) Philemon's hospitality no doubt made his brothers feel at ease.—Philem. 7.

15 If we imitate Philemon and extend hospitality to our brothers, we will find it easier to love them. What is the reason? The reason is that hospitality allows us to get to know our Christian brothers and sisters better. Associating with those who are not our closest friends, or whose personalities differ from ours, will help us to realize that each servant of Jehovah is unique and that this is a beauty to Jehovah's organization. Learning about the family or community in which our brothers grew up, how they found the truth, and how they endured difficult circumstances will deepen our love and respect for them. It will also help us to see why Jehovah drew them to the truth. (John 6:44) So when we show hospitality to our brothers, we will grow in love for them, have a positive attitude toward them, and be willing to forgive them when they offend us.

16 Do you now find it difficult to forgive someone who has offended you? No matter how much we love our brothers, it can sometimes be hard to forgive them. What will help us? Consider Paul's words to Philemon's congregation in Colossae, found at Colossians 3:1 (Read.) Picture Philemon at the meeting in his own home,

14. How do we know that Philemon was hospitable?

15. In what way can hospitality strengthen our love for one another? (See also photos.)

16. How might Philemon have applied Paul’s counsel found at Colossians 3:13?

18 PROTECTION

as the letter is read to the entire congregation. Whose mouth might have come to his mind? Does Onesimus still resent what he did? If so, this letter makes half of what he needs to do: He needs to continue to be patient with Onesimus and be willing to forgive him. How can Paul’s counsel in his letter help us if we are having a hard time forgiving?

17 What does Paul mean when he says: “Continue putting up with one another”? It means being patient with our Christian brothers and sisters and treating them kindly even when they offend us. In the same verse, Paul points to Jehovah’s love and forgiveness as an example for us. Jehovah is understanding and does not expect perfection from his servants. He knows our weaknesses, yet he focuses on our strengths. (Ps. 103:13, 14; 130:3) Therefore, he is kind and shows us his unfailing love. (Lam. 3:22, 23) If we view our brothers as Jehovah does, we will be more likely to be patient and forgiving. Because we like it when people forgive us for our mistakes. To illustrate: Remembering how beautiful a flower you planted in your home will make you want to continue caring for it even when it doesn’t bloom. Similarly, remembering the good qualities of our brothers will move us to continue treating them kindly and forgivingly even when they offend us.

18 Jehovah appreciates everything you do to promote peace in the congregation. Take every opportunity each day to promote peace. Keep your words clear and keep speaking positively about others. Be willing to apologize. If you have a misunderstanding with someone, make peace quickly. Love your Christian brothers and sisters deeply; this will make it easier to forgive them. By doing these things, you will promote peace in the congregation. The Bible says that “the meek ones themselves will possess the earth, and they will indeed find their exquisite delight in the abundance of peace” forever! You will be among them.—Ps. 37:1

18. What is your resolve?

SCENE Cover: Philemon reads Paul's letter, and Onesimus, Tychicus, and others in the household hear it.

17. What does it mean to “continue putting up with one another”?

WHAT DID YOU LEARN FROM THESE PEOPLE?

■ The apostle Paul

■ Onesimus

■ Philemon

MUSIC 154 Unfailing Love

OCTOBER 26–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

HADZIDZI 62

Ha Yeye La. The Best Of Ha Yeye La

THE GOAL

This article will help us to appreciate the provision of salvation and the privilege of rendering sacred service to Jehovah.

Cherish Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

“He has kindled for us a fire of salvation, that he might grant us fearlessness to render sacred service to him.”—LUKE 1:69,

“WHAT IS this child going to become?” (Luke 1:57-66) That was the question that the apostles and relatives were asking themselves when the aged priest Zechariah and his aged wife, Elizabeth, miraculously gave birth to their son, John. Through Zechariah, Jehovah answered that question. He explained that John would help people to repent and be ready to follow the Messiah who was soon to come. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But Zechariah did more than just foretell what John would do.* As we will see in this article, Zechariah's words are prophetic and touch us today. Zechariah's words highlight three things that we need to cherish: (1) God's gift of salvation, (2) the privilege of rendering sacred service to God, and (3) the vital commission to preach.

GOD'S GIFT OF SALVATION

2 Read Luke 1:67-7 God promises a salvation to his people. But through whom will he do this? Zechariah said: 'Jehovah has raised up a mighty Savior for us in the house of David.

* Watch the drama The Gospel of Jesus, Part 1, on Zechariah's prophecy linked at Luke 1:6

1. What is the prophecy of Zechariah?

2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what promise did God make to his people? (b) Who is the “mighty savior” mentioned at Luke 1:69?

20

(Luke 1:69, footnote) That “mighty Savior” is the Messiah. The Jews of Zechariah’s day were already expecting the promised Messiah, knowing that he would be a descendant of Abraham from the royal line of David. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Why, though, did Jehovah again foretell the coming of that “mighty one”? Because the coming of the Messiah is near! Six months later, a virgin named Mary gave birth to Jesus, whom the angel Gabriel said would be called “the Son of God” and who would sit on “the throne of David his father.” (Luke 1:30-35) Jesus was baptized at the age of 30. It was then that Jehovah anointed him with holy spirit to become the Messiah, “a mighty deliverer.” (Matt. 3:16, 17) What a thrilling prospect!

3 The first-century Jews needed to be saved. But from what do they need to be rescued? Zechariah replied: “We will be delivered from our enemies and from all those who hate us.” (Luke 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus would deliver the Jews from oppressive Roman rule? No. Instead, he will deliver them from the great oppressor, Satan. (Heb. 2:14, 15) Satan is responsible for the enslavement of all humans, including the ancient Jews, to sin and death. In addition, the Jews could not keep the Mosaic Law perfectly. This brought fifode upon them, from which it was necessary to rescue them. (Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13) Hence, the Jews needed what Jehovah had promised through Zechariah—“the forgiveness of their sins.”—Luke 1:7

3. From what did the first-century Jews need to be delivered?

4 From what enemies do we need deliverance today? Like the Jews in Jesus’ day, we are slaves to sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) We are also oppressed by Satan and the demons. They try to deceive us so that we stop serving Jehovah. They influence “those who hate us,” individuals and organizations, to oppose our religion. We need to be delivered from all these enemies.

5 How does Jesus deliver us from those enemies? Let’s talk about how it saves us from sin. First, he did this through his teachings. During his earthly ministry, Jesus taught his followers how to worship Jehovah acceptably. Second, he gave his life as a ransom, so that “everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life.” (John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) We strive to serve Jehovah in the right way, as Jesus taught us. But we are imperfect, so we ask Jehovah to forgive us when we sin. Jehovah accepts and accepts our worship on the basis of the ransom. (1 John 2:1, 2) This is how Jesus saves us from sin.

6 How, then, can Jesus fully deliver us from sin and death, from Satan and his demons, and from “those who hate us”? Since 1914, Jesus has been ruling on “the throne of David his father.” (Luke 1:32, 33) He is the King of God’s Kingdom and

4. From what enemies do we need deliverance today?

5. How does Jesus save us from sin?

6. What will Jesus as King do? (See also the picture.)

AUGUST 2026 | 21

Jehovah's gift of salvation through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

his corulers and the holy angels will destroy all of God's enemies on earth at Armageddon. And during his Thousand Year Reign, Jesus will resurrect the dead, and he and his 144,000 corulers will gradually help mankind to perfection. (John 5:28; Rev. 22:1, 2) By the end of the thousand years, inherited sin and death will have been completely removed. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) Then, in the final test, Satan, his demons, and the humans who side with them will be completely destroyed. (Rev. 20:7-10) At last, faithful ones will be able to serve Jehovah fully, free from sin, death, and opposition! Then we will praise our God forever and be thankful for “his free gift beyond measure.” This gift includes the ransom paid by Christ Jesus.—2 Cor. 9:1

THE PRIVILEGE OF SACRED SERVICE TO GOD

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Zechariah said that Jehovah's gift of the ransom allows us to “render him sacred service without fear.” Our “sacred service” involves every aspect of pure worship. We render sacred service to Jehovah by preaching, praying, studying his Word, and attending meetings, assemblies, and conventions. Sacred service involves other services to Jehovah; this includes, Bethel service, the construction and maintenance of Kingdom Halls and Assembly Halls.

8 What, though, does it mean to render sacred service to Jehovah “without fear”?

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what privilege did Jehovah give his people?

8. What should we not be afraid of?

22 PROTECTION

First, we need not fear death. Knowing that we will live forever, we put Jehovah's service first instead of trying to get everything we want in this short life. Even if opposers threaten to kill us, we will not let fear overwhelm us. Instead, we will remain faithful to Jehovah because we know that even if we die, Jesus will resurrect us. (John 6:39, 40) Second, we need not fear that Jehovah will reject us because of our sinful nature. We are confident that he loves us, that he is pleased with us, and that he will forgive us our sins on the basis of the ransom.—1 John 3:1 4:9,

9 Some brothers find it hard to believe that their worship is acceptable to Jehovah. They may feel that they have played displeasingly to Jehovah, perhaps because of a traumatic experience in the past. Or they may feel guilty about long-standing sins, even asking Jehovah for forgiveness and the help of the elders. If you feel this way, what can you do?

10 Consider an illustration. A man broke his leg and was taken to the hospital, where a doctor treated it. The doctor then taught him exercises that would strengthen his leg and allow him to walk eventually. What if the man thinks that his foot is beyond repair? He needs to trust the doctor and follow his instructions. Gradually, the leg will heal, and he will be able to walk or even run again.

11 Some people still feel guilty about past sins. But just as a person with a broken leg needs to trust the doctor, you need to trust that Jehovah loves you deeply and has forgiven you on the basis of Jesus' ransom sacrifice. (John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Follow the path of complete recovery; this includes prayer, study, and other spiritual routines. (Ps. 1:2; 1 Thess. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Just as it takes time for a broken leg to heal, it may take time for you to become fully convinced of Jehovah's love and forgiveness. But even if the night is long, the morning will surely come. So don’t give up. Keep doing things that will draw you closer to Jehovah. (Phil. 3:16) And thank him daily for the strength he is giving you to serve him faithfully. Thanks to God and Christ for the privilege of fearlessly rendering sacred service!

WE HAVE AN IMPORTANT DUTY TO PREACH

12 Read Luke 1:76-7 Zechariah then told the baby: “You will go before the face of Jehovah to prepare his ways.” How did these words come true? As John grew up, he became a zealous preacher. He exhorted the Jews to repent, be baptized, and believe in the coming Messiah. After John baptized Jesus, he proclaimed that Jesus was from God, saying: “See, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world!” After this, John exhorted his disciples

9. How do some brothers feel, and why?

10-11. If you are still haunted by past sins, what can you do? Make an example of a game.

12. How did John prepare the ways of Jehovah? (Luke 1:76-79)

AUGUST

If we accept God’s gift and cherish the privilege, we will be zealous in the important work that has been entrusted to us

(See paragraph 16)

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

they would follow Jesus, the Messiah.—John 13:35. 1:29, 34-36, 40,

13 John worked hard to tell as many people as possible that Jesus was the Messiah, the means by which Jehovah would provide salvation for mankind. This is good news that everyone needs to hear. What is the reason? Because Zechariah foretold that the coming Messiah would be “a dawn,” meaning that his coming would be a momentous event that would bring about great changes for the entire human race! This makes it clear that the good news needs to reach the whole world; John cannot do this alone. But who will also carry this vital message of salvation?

14 Jesus preached the good news for a while. He is the one to whom Zechariah prophesied to give “light to those sitting in darkness and the shadow of death.” Yes, Jesus had deep compassion for the common people who were oppressed. He shed light by declaring “the loving-kindness of Jehovah.” (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) “The kingdom of the heavens has drawn near,” he zealously preached. Yet, he knew that more people would need to preach the good news. Therefore, he trained his disciples to do this.—Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19,

15 Today, as followers of Christ, we cherish our privilege of declaring Jehovah's message of salvation. In fact, the preaching of Jesus' ransom and God's Kingdom is now more important than ever. What is the reason? Because of what is soon to happen. The Bible says that “great tribulation such as has not occurred since the world’s beginning until now” will soon come upon mankind. (Matt. 24:21) At that time,

13. What is the significance of Zechariah’s statement that the Messiah’s coming would be “a spring”?

14. What is the most important role of Jesus and his disciples? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is the preaching work important today?

24 PROTECTION

it is possible that many will remember the good news we preach and come to serve Jehovah. Jesus and his angelic corulers will destroy the rebels and lead true worshipers into the new world. (Matt. 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) Therefore, it is vital that we continue to preach the good news now.—Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:1

16 Zechariah's words recorded at Luke 1:68-79 remind us of three things that we value. They are: God’s gift of salvation, the privilege of fearlessly rendering sacred service to God, and the vital commission to preach the good news. Have you exercised faith in Jehovah's gift of the ransom and made a dedication to him? Do you cherish your privilege of serving him? If so, keep proclaiming “the pleasantness of Jehovah.” Proclaim Jehovah’s coming “day of vengeance” when God’s Kingdom will remove all the wicked and transform the earth into a paradise. Invite all who love God to join us in “sacred service without fear before him, in faithfulness and righteousness all the days of our life.”—Luke 1:74,

16. What is your resolve? (See also photos.)

COVER Page 24: In the first photo, two sisters are preaching from house to house. In the second photo, a brother witnesses to a coworker during a break. In the third photograph, a sister explains the evidence for a Creator to her classmates and teacher, who listen attentively.

ACCORDING TO THE PROPHECY OF LUKE 1:68-7 . . . . . . . .

■ what precious gift has Jehovah given us?

■ what opportunity does Jesus’ ransom open up?

■ what important assignment do we have?

SONGS 159 Give Jehovah the Glory He Deserves

LIFE STORY

My Grand Creator Cares About Me

AS STATED BY STÉPHANE LANDEROIN

AS A child, I didn’t enjoy school, and I didn’t do my best in school. I want to be alone somewhere quiet and out of the spotlight. I never even thought that God would have his mind on me. What is the reason?

I grew up in Paris, France. My parents and the people around me didn’t believe in God, so I didn’t believe in God either. We were taught in school that things were not created by a Creator, but that tiny things gradually evolved into the various species that exist. I believed that theory because I thought everything we were taught in school was true. That theory seemed reasonable, so I didn’t investigate it to see if it was true or not.

My parents were not religious at all. They argue that if there really is a God, there should be no suffering and injustice in the world. And having seen so many lies that some religious people teach, I don't think it makes sense to believe in a loving God. I even make fun of people who believe in God.

But now I am convinced that there is a Creator, and that he cares about me despite my weaknesses. Let me tell you why my mindset changed and why I am happy now.

At the age of 19, I was drafted into the army. I was assigned to French Guia-na in South America, where I stayed for a year. Little did I know then that that beautiful place would later play an important role in my life.

At the age of 20, I returned to Paris. From Friday to Friday, I work hard. But on the weekends, my friends and I drink and party. I just keep doing this every week-end. But I realized that I was not truly happy, and this lifestyle was not worthwhile-

I was born in Paris, France, to an atheist family

26 FAITH

it didn’t bother me. I saw that poverty and corruption were rampant and that people did not treat foreigners well. People were suffering unnecessarily and some were doing things that would damage the earth. I was so upset about all of this and wanted things to change. That's how I-happened to remember North America.

I FEEL MORE HAPPY IN FRENCH GUIANA

I returned to a remote village in French Guiana, where I had served in the army. I thought I would be happier if I lived in that beautiful forest area and lived on cannabis. But after a while, I just started doing things I used to do. I worked hard during the week and went to parties on the weekends.

About that time, someone gave me a Bible. And I started reading it with the intention of getting good tips to help me improve my life. But I didn’t understand what I was reading.

I had some friends who built a village in the forest and named the place Unity. They too want to know the purpose of life. They invited me to stay in the village with them.

We lived a simple life in the forest and relaxed in freedom. We do what we want and no one tells us what to do. We rolled at sunrise and went to bed at sunset. We grew our own crops, played music, and drank weed. We take care of the place and the surroundings and share what we have with each other. We only eat farm products, we don’t eat animals because we don’t want to kill them. We don’t worry about government regulations; we can break the law when we feel that it will work for us and not harm anyone.

We want the way we live in the village to be the same all over the world. No one answers, and we treat everyone well no matter where they come from. But I came to realize that we are all selfish, we make mistakes, and we gradually suffer from the same problems that people in other parts of the world suffer from. Some people stayed in the village only for a few days. Others lasted only a few weeks or a few months. I was there for more than two years.

While in the forest, I found that the soil was so fertile that we had everything we needed. One day I took a poison and tried to count the deaths. There were so many that I couldn’t

A. A tent in the village called Unity

B. When I was in the forest

A

B

don’t read them all. I asked myself: ‘Why does the earth react so much? It’s just like a well-prepared game for people to come in.” I realized that these things couldn’t happen by chance. But who did all these things? He would still be a creator. But I knew nothing about him.

I started reading the Bible again. But now I want to know what God wants from me. I started praying and making the sign of the cross even though I didn’t know why people did it. I was wondering, ‘what about the Creator’s name Yah?’ Because in the village, we used that name in our songs.

HOW I CAME TO KNOW OUR KIND FATHER

Looking back, I realize that the Creator noticed that I wanted to know him. One of my friends in the village met one of Jehovah's Witnesses who gave him the book You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth.* I read the book and was impressed! I yearn to live forever on a paradise earth. That’s exactly what I was looking for; i want me and my loved ones to live forever in peace on earth. I wanted to become a friend of this loving Creator who had such a wonderful purpose for us.

I realized that I needed to make changes in my life, but I realized that I could not do this on my own. So I asked another friend to arrange for me to meet a Witness Missionary named Michel who was studying the Bible with me.

The day I met Michel, he invited me to a convention in Matoury, near the capital, Cayenne. The place was over 150 miles [240 km] away. I had a long hair on my head and a getsui. I wore a red dress and a dress that was too big for me. Despite my appearance, the brothers gave me a kiss and took care of my food and water during the convention. The love and kindness of the Witnesses convinced me that I had found the truth.

In one of the sessions, 1 Timothy 5:8 was discussed. The verse makes it clear that a good head provides for his household. The talk explained that Jehovah himself fulfills this promise; he always takes care of the people in his family. This made me realize that when I give to Jehovah

* Published by Jehovah's Witnesses, but now out of print.

I learned the truth in French Guiana, got baptized in France, and now serve with my wife in New Caledonia

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIDANCE

NEW CALEDONIA

The day we got married

I was giving a presentation when we were in a Chinese group, in 2006

service is the most important thing in life for me, I don't have to worry; Jehovah will take care of me. I became convinced of this when I saw how Jehovah was taking care of Michel. The doing of Jehovah’s will was paramount to him, yet he lacked nothing, and he was happy.

As the Bible helped me to understand things, I made changes in my life. For example, I decided to quit smoking marijuana. I immediately threw the remaining cigarettes and marijuana into the fire, and from that day on, I never smoked again. I slowly started attending congregation meetings. One day after attending the meeting, I asked a brother to cut the statue of my hair, which he did the same day at the Kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, I moved out of the village in French Guiana and back to France. I found a Kingdom Hall and had the Witnesses continue my Bible study. My parents saw that my life had changed completely. I no longer smoke or drink, and I no longer go to those parties. And they were very pleased with this. But what they didn’t like was how bluntly I explained my beliefs. I later realized that I should have been careful to kick them politely.

I was baptized in I prayed to Jehovah to help me become a missionary like Michel. I felt that this would be the best way to show Jehovah that I appreciated what he had done for me.

OUR HEAVENLY FATHER HAS BLESSED ME IN OTHER WAYS

There was a beautiful young woman named Claudine in our congregation. I noticed that she was zealous in the field ministry, and her comments at the meetings told me how much she loved Jehovah. I wish we could get to know each other and see if we’re-right for each other. But first, I wanted to know if Claudine would be willing to do the missionary work too. He wanted it too! So in April 2000, we were married.

The following year, we both began pioneering. In time, we decided to learn Mandarin so that we could help a group of Chinese brothers nearby. Learning this language was not easy for me. I needed to try to think like the Chinese and figure out how to make them want to study the Bible. I actually couldn’t understand Mandarin fluently, but I did what I could. We enjoyed the preaching work with the Chinese brothers and still have fond memories of those times. Jehovah richly blessed us during those years, and our assignments prepared us for later assignments.

THE DIFFICULT CIRCUMSTANCES WE EXPERIENCED

Things weren’t always easy for me. For example, I feel that all my efforts to serve Jehovah and his brothers are in vain. So I wanted my talks to be special, so I spent too much time preparing them. But my uncle gets discouraged

AUGUST

My wife and I; we are now in the circuit work in New Caledonia

still, because I find myself unable to meet the high standards I set for myself. (Eccl. 7:16) I came to understand that Jehovah, our loving Father, is pleased when we do what we can, and he does not demand perfection of us.

In Paris, I was appointed as a substitute circuit overseer. I felt young and inexperienced enough to do that job. But I came to realize that Jehovah's spirit can help us to do things that we cannot do on our own.

I have another problem. Since childhood, I have had a health problem that causes me to sweat slowly. My hands are the most sweaty. The situation gets worse when I am nervous, for example, when I am speaking to crowds at assemblies or conventions. But it relieves me when I pray to Jehovah to help me calm down. The problem still exists, of course, but when I fully rely on Jehovah, I feel more relaxed and less sweaty.

In 2011, Jehovah granted a basic desire. We became missionaries, and were assigned to New Caledonia. It is an island in the northwest Pacific Ocean, 10,000 miles [16,000 km] from Paris. We encountered some problems there. We had to learn to eat foods we had never eaten before, such as agbeli, mankani and tea. Also in the evening, the chickens crow and the dogs bark; this disrupts our sleep. It took time to separate us. Another thing we need to change in the community is that if you ask someone a question and expect them to answer, they will use their eyes.

Jehovah also helped us to adjust to new assignments. In addition to the missionary work, we also served at Bethel for some years. We attended the Kingdom Ministry School, and I am now in the circuit work. In all these assignments, we have seen the help of Jehovah by means of his holy spirit. Jehovah made me realize that despite our weaknesses, he can use us. So I prayed fervently to him to help me do whatever he assigned me. Although I still feel a little nervous in public, God helps me to be able to encourage and give needed direction when we visit congregations.



At my first convention, I learned that Jehovah, the Grand Creator, always cares for his servants. He has richly blessed me for making his service my top priority. Jehovah helped me learn to be submissive to governments and those taking the lead among his people. I stopped associating with friends who did not love Jehovah so that I could meet Jehovah’s requirements, and Jehovah rewarded me with many true friends. Jehovah has also given me a wonderful wife. And we look forward to living forever to enjoy Jehovah's abundant gifts forever.—Mark 10:29,

30 PROTECTION

DO YOU KNOW?

What happened at the gates in ancient Israel?

IN ANCIENT times, cities were entered through gates. But with so many people passing through the gates, there is a lot going on there every day. Gates are mentioned more than 50 times in the Bible, and various events are described.

People flock to the gates. The Hebrew word for gate means more than just the gate of a city. It may also refer to the place where tents or courtyards were erected at the gates of the city. In some places, it was a public square at the city gate.—Neh. 8:1

Vendors set up prices near city gates. For some of the gates in Jerusalem, they are probably named after the types of goods sold there; for example, the Fish Gate and the Sheep Gate.—Zeph. 1:10; Yoh. 5:2



The judges hear cases at the city gates. These places held public hearings to hear what happened and how the judges handled the case. (Deuteronomy 21:18-20) The public nature of the trial ensured impartiality and justice. Once the judges have passed a sentence, the authorities act immediately. (Deuteronomy 25:2) Both Jehovah and the nation expected the judges at the gates to practice justice, to be morally upright, and to encourage others to do the same.—Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-1

There is a lot going on at the gates every day

At the gates, faithful servants of Jehovah encourage the Israelites to trust in Jehovah. The prophets and others spoke the word of Jehovah at the gates because they knew that people gathered there. (1 Ki. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu publicly announced at the city gate that Jehovah's prophecy against the house of Ahab had come true. (2 Ki. 10:8-10) King Hezekiah gathered his army officers together at the city gate and encouraged them to trust in Jehovah.—2 Chron. 32:6-8

The Bible says that “true wisdom” is crying out and her voice is being heard “at the city gates.” (Prov. 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, faithful men provided sound counsel and sound judgment at the city gates. Today, we are grateful that Jehovah's wisdom is revealed in the Bible and that his servants around the world are helping people to study the Bible so that they can find true wisdom.

AUGUST

THE PRAYER OF JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

August 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 8 EWE

IN THIS FATHER

Study Article for October 5-11 | 2

Do Not Believe Satan's Lies—Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

Study Article for October 12-18 | 8

You Can Conquer Satan and the Demons!

Study Article for October 19-25 | 14

Be Motivated by Love in All Things

Study Article for October 26–November 1 | 20

Cherish Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

BIOGRAPHY | 26

My Great Maker Take Care Of Me

DO YOU KNOW? | 31

What happened at the gates in ancient Israel?

STATEMENTS OF THE BIBLE

Early Rising Tree

One of the thirty different trees mentioned in the Bible is the yew tree. It is one of the earliest flowering plants after frost. Yellow trees bloom in late January. Its fathers are slightly reddish or white and very beautiful. Appropriately, in Hebrew, the name yew tree means “early awakening.” What is so special about this tree and its Maker?

In the footnote to Jeremiah 7:25, Jehovah says that he got up early in the morning and raised up prophets for his people. The March 15, 2011, issue of The Watchtower stated: “Just as a yew tree wakes up early, so Jehovah will wake up early, so to speak, to warn his people of the consequences of disobedience. And he will not stop—he will keep “keeping awake”—until his prophetic word is completely fulfilled.”—Jer. 1:11,

The Bible also likens the fathers of the yellow tree to the shaving of the heads of the elderly. (Eccl. 12:5) The golden lampstands in the temple were likely made in the shape of a yellow woodpecker, for the beauty of the woodpeckers.—Ex.

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Open the jw.org website, or scan this icon with your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.08-EW