JUNE 2026

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

STUDY DATE: AUGUST 10–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16,

PSALM 122 Stand firm, do not be shaken!

PURPOSE OF THIS STUDY No matter what trials we may encounter, we can remain faithful to Jehovah.

How Can We Remain Loyal to Jehovah Under Trials?

“Lord, whom shall we go away to? You have sayings of everlasting life.”—JOHN 6:6 6:6

JESUS ​​was once teaching many disciples in Capernaum. At one point, he told them: “Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in yourselves. (John 6:53, 54) Upon hearing this, many of the disciples said: “This speech is shocking; 6:6

2 Those who were deeply disturbed stopped following Jesus. Do you think it was because of lack of faith? No. Because-that before this incident, Jesus had done something. The disciples were so amazed that they said: “This is for a certainty the Prophet that was to come into the world.” (John 6:14) So those disciples evidently had faith in Jesus, but when their faith was tested, they stopped following him.

3 Jesus' apostles, on the other hand, remained loyal. Jesus asked them if they wanted to quit following him too. Peter answered: “Lord, whom shall we go away to? You have the words of eternal life.

1-2 What happens while Jesus is teaching in Capernaum?

3. The apostles reacted to the statement of Jesus, and why? (See also the photo.)

2

Although many of the disciples abandoned Jesus, Peter and the other apostles continued to follow him

(See paragraph 3)

the holiness of God.” (John 6:68, 69) Peter and the other apostles may have misunderstood Jesus' words about eating his flesh and drinking his blood, but they were determined to keep following Jesus. Why do you think? Because they were convinced that Jesus was “the Christ sent by God.”—Luke 9:20,

4 Although we are serving Jehovah, we may face tests of integrity. For example, how do we react when those taking the lead make adjustments in our understanding of a Bible teaching or in our ministry? Or when we face a very difficult problem, we may wonder why Jehovah did not do something to prevent it. Also, it can be tempting to be influenced by a close Christian brother or someone we respect.

4. What are the factors that can tempt us?

5 We need strong faith to endure trials. Suppose someone wants to build a house in an earthquake-prone area. If the foundation is not strong and an earthquake occurs, the building will collapse. We too face a challenge like the one mentioned in paragraph 4, and we need to strengthen our faith to cope with it. If we continue to strengthen our faith, we will stand firm and remain faithful to Jehovah no matter what obstacles come our way.—1 Cor. 15:58; read Colossians 1:2

6 Many of Jesus’ disciples left him, but the apostles did not. What helped them? The apostles were convinced that Jehovah is worthy of worship, for- he is the Creator of all things. They also believed that Jesus was the Son of God,

5. Illustrate the need for strong faith. (Colossians 1:23)

6. Why did the apostles not stop following Jesus?

JUNE 2026

3

and he has “sayings of everlasting life.” Beyond that, they knew that Jehovah was with Jesus in everything. At this point, instead of discussing the various problems we may encounter, let us focus on three basic facts. This will help us to stand firm no matter what challenges we face. The facts to be discussed are as follows: (1) Jehovah created all things. (2) Jehovah inspired the Bible. (3) Jehovah supports his people. If we truly believe all these facts, there is no problem that can stop us from serving Jehovah.

JEHOVAH CREATED ALL THINGS

7 Read Revelation 4:1 This scripture reminds us that Jehovah is the Creator of all things. Even this fact alone makes him worthy of our worship. Moreover, considering his vast power gives us confidence that he can cut us off when we are under trial. But Satan has been eager to deceive people into thinking that there is no God. Some scientists absolutely believe that the universe and everything in it came about by chance. So we need to really acknowledge that Jehovah is the Creator and that he loves us. Otherwise, when we are faced with a trial, we could begin to think that Jehovah is not there at all, that he is not there to help us.—Heb. 11:6

8 If you are tempted to conclude that Jehovah is not the Creator, do not dwell on it. Be patient in doing research in our publications, and you will find abundant evidence of Jehovah's creation. You will find more such information in Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking. You will find further evidence in the series “Was It Created?” in the 19th century. It is available on jw.org. Onuawa aba-

7. What does Revelation 4:11 reveal about Jehovah, but what attitude can we have when we face trials?

8-9 If you are coming to the conclusion that there is no Creator, what should you do? (See also the photo.)

Constellation: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; fish and car: Mercedes-Benz USA; flight: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

You may have read Was Life Created? brochure, but you can read it again (See paragraph 8)

“After reading the Origin of Life brochure, it convinced me that there is an intelligent designer,” says Jessica, in the United States. You Can Be Happy Forever! book, lessons 6 and 7 have also helped many. You may have read these books before, but you can read them again.

9 So the evidence for God’s existence can be used in your next personal study to examine it further. Research will help you strengthen your faith in Jehovah’s existence; and it will also help you to know Jehovah better. (Rom. 1:20) You can also use what you learn to help those who think that there is no God. So how far are we talking? That is, Jehovah has created many things, all of which testify to his existence.

JEHOVAH IS THE AUTHOR OF THE BIBLE

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. Jehovah inspired the Bible to be written for us. The Bible provides answers to the most perplexing questions. It also reveals the will and requirements of Jehovah. We believe that Jehovah inspired the Bible, so no book is more important in our lives than the Bible. So what we read in the Bible, we have to work hard to understand it well and try to apply it in our lives.

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100%. (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

and had the Bible written? We have a lot of evidence. For example, the Bible is completely accurate. (Luke 3:1, 2) It is also accurate when it comes to creation. (Job 26:7) Although Satan has tried to obscure the Bible, his efforts have been in vain. Why is it so? Because, no book on earth is more widely translated and available than the Bible. The Bible was written by some 40 men over a period of some 1,600 years, yet their writings are harmonious. Though written long ago, its counsel has helped millions today. (Prov. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) Moreover, many Bible prophecies have come true. This is also proof of the reliability of the Bible. (Josh. 23:14) Yes, there is no doubt that the Bible is inspired of God!

12 If we sometimes doubt that the Bible is completely inspired of God, what should we do? We need to talk to Jehovah about it and do our research. Consider Jordan, a young brother who was raised in the truth by his parents. “I don’t just hear everything and believe it,” she says. “I tend to check it myself. But the truth is, sometimes I can be skeptical about something. When that happens, I try to do research in our publications, to find answers to my questions and give my opinion

12. If you sometimes doubt that the Bible is completely not inspired by God, what should you do?

JUNE 2026

5

Jehovah's Witnesses are unique, for they are united by love and unity (See paragraph 16)

have signed me.” The more we look for evidence of Jehovah's inspiration, the stronger our faith will be.—1 Cor. 3:12,

JEHOVAH IS WITH HIS PEOPLE

13 Sometimes a servant of Jehovah might ask, So is the religion of Jehovah's Witnesses really the true religion? If you get such an idea, don’t sit around at all; act quickly. You might ask yourself the following questions: ‘Who are the most trying to apply the Bible’s counsel? What religion bases all its teachings on the Bible?” (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) “Who are doing Jehovah’s will today?”—Matt. 7:20,

14 Jesus said that the good news of the Kingdom would be preached in all the inhabited earth during the time of the end. Let us ask, “Who are doing that work?” (Matt. 24:14)

The 13-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s, and is a veteran of the 2000s and 2001s.

14. What are the Jehovah’s Witnesses doing to fulfill Matthew 24:14?

The answer is simple. Clearly, God is using Jehovah’s Witnesses to do the preaching work. We are the only ones preaching the good news of God’s Kingdom in more than 240 lands. The fact is, the preaching and teaching work is of utmost importance to us.—Matt. 28:19,

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:1 We bear God’s name, Jehovah, and are proud to be called Jehovah’s Witnesses. Most people in the world don’t know that name, but we have restored it wherever it should appear in the Bible. The name Jehovah appears in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures more than 7,000 times.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. Today, the world is filled with hatred and division

15. What have the Witnesses done to help sanctify God’s name? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (See also the photo.)

6 THE WATCHTOWER

only. Jehovah's Witnesses, on the other hand, are unique because they are united by love and unity. We come from many different countries, speak many languages, and have different cultures. But we try to keep peace and love between us. Have you ever traveled to study elsewhere? If so, you saw the depth of brotherly love and unity. All of this confirms that Jehovah is indeed using his Witnesses to accomplish his will today. Reflecting on this fact can help us to remain faithful to Jehovah no matter what trials we may face.

NEVER STOP FOLLOWING JEHOVAH

17 We are living in the time of the end, so things will be very difficult for all of us. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) In addition, we may face other challenges. For example, Jehovah's organization may make decisions or give directions that we do not understand. Or a brother will do something for us to make him feel very close to us. When things like this happen, we may not know what to do and may even become confused.

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. Why is it so? Because we believe that Jehovah is the Creator, the Author of the Bible, and the Backer of his people. Therefore, the following words of Peter to Jesus can be said to Jehovah: “To whom shall we go away? You have sayings of everlasting life.”

17-1 What challenges might we face, and what can we say with confidence?

COVER PHOTO Page 6: A father and daughter are traveling by bus, excited to see some of their fellow Witnesses in the preaching work.

HOW CAN THESE THREE FUNDAMENTALS HELP US WHEN WE FACE A TRIAL?

■ Jehovah created all things

■ Jehovah inspired the Bible

■ Jehovah supports his people

PSALM 123 Submit to God's Order

AUGUST 17-23,

PSALM 90 Encourage Yourselves

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER When misunderstandings or problems arise between us and our brothers.

The 100 Best Places to Visit in the World

“Clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, lowliness of mind, mildness, and long-suffering.”—COL. 3:1

“TODAY, we need comfort in this wicked world. Jehovah knows that our friends can hurt us.” Do you remember those words? Our song “Good Friend” starts with that. How grateful we are that Jehovah has given us good friends in his congregation! (Ps. 119:63) We are a loving family serving Jehovah.

2 The friendships we want to have with our brothers should not be superficial. Instead, it should be airtight between us and them. But we must remember that such partnerships are not in vain; work on it. We are a family of love for Jehovah and Jesus, and that love has united us. (John 13:35) Also, since trees grow close together, friendships between two sinful humans can sometimes be strained.

3 The fact is, we are less likely to prefer some over others. Why is it so? Because we may have some of their traits, or interests, that we share. But there are some that may be difficult for us to make friends with. Sometimes we will disagree with them, and that can lead to conflict. They may have very different backgrounds, so it may be difficult to visit them or to have fun with them. At times, a fellow Christian may be seriously ill or overwhelmed by personal problems. If that happens, it may cause us to lose our friendship with them. In this article, we will look at how

1. Where can we find good friends? 2. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? 3. Why can it be difficult to maintain friendships with your brothers?

8

Jesus' example can help us when we have differences with our brothers. But before we go any further, let’s look at some positive qualities that can help us maintain peace with our brothers.

GOOD BEHAVIOR THAT CAN HELP US TO MAINTAIN GOOD RELATIONSHIP WITH OUR BROTHERS

4. There is a need to focus on the positive qualities of the brothers and sisters. Associating with our brothers and sisters will help us to see the good qualities in them. The apostle Paul wanted to visit and associate with his brothers. For example, he wrote to the Thessalonians: “We made every effort to see your faces.” (1 Thess. 2:17) Some have found that face-to-face communication is the best way to develop friendships. So the field ministry, the study, or the meetings can provide us with many opportunities to associate with our brothers. But when we have problems with our brothers, just talking to them may not solve the problem.

5 When differences arise between us and our brothers, good manners can help us to resolve them. (Read Colossians 3:12.) By displaying humility, patience, kindness, and compassion, we can put peace with our brothers and sisters. Just as oil keeps a car engine running smoothly, good manners help us to resolve any conflicts that arise between us and our brothers. Let us consider three challenges that can make it difficult for us to maintain peace with our brothers. In each case, we will consider how we can imitate Jesus' humility, patience, kindness, and compassion. This will help us to maintain a good relationship with our brothers.

WHEN YOU HAVE A CONFLICT WITH SOMEONE

6 Why can it lead to problems? When two people disagree on a matter, you will look at it and each may believe that his or her opinion is the best. Suppose two brothers are preparing for their field service group. This says we do it this way and it was, this says we do it this way and it was. Each thinks his ideas are better than the other’s. This would be normal, but don't you see that their differences could lead to problems and damage their relationship? If left unresolved, it can lead to resentment. Because of this little issue, it follows that you’ll see they’re completely separated.

7 Imitate Jesus' humility. Jesus taught his disciples that humility can help them to resolve differences. His disciples often argued about who was the greatest among them. That attitude was deeply ingrained. So Jesus showed them that to overcome that attitude, they needed to be humble and to view others as superior to them. (Matt. 20:25-28) Even on the eve of his death, Jesus set “the pattern” for his disciples; he humbly washed their feet. This work was done by slaves.

4. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

The 5.0-liter V-8 is a 1.5-liter V-8 with a 1.5-liter V-6 engine. Explain with an example. (Colossians 3:12)

6. What is the most common problem with disagreeing with someone?

7. How did Jesus help his disciples to understand the need for humility when they disagree on a matter?

JUNE

If you are humble, you will overlook minor issues with your brothers and willingly forgive them.

(See paragraph 8)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) Jesus did this to teach them what to do. If they view others as superior, and if they disagree on a matter, they will not drag it along; instead, they will leave matters open.

8 How can you maintain peace with your brothers? If you are humble, you will overlook minor issues with your brothers and willingly forgive them. (Read Colossians 3:13.) Humility will help you to avoid becoming angry when you disagree with someone. That way, it won’t break up with him. (Ps. 4:4) Even if the person said something hurtful to you, remember that at times we all say things we later regret. (Eccl. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself, 'Which is more important—my firm commitment to myself and our relationship?' Also, don’t keep the incident to yourself, and don’t bring it up again.

9 Even if you cannot be reconciled, keep in humility. Don’t insist that you are the best. (Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Make it your goal to keep your marriage intact. For something like this, many brothers simply go to the person and make peace. (Ps. 34:14) So you too might say something like this: 'We became friends not today; we must not let this matter destroy our relationship. Let’s see if it doesn’t go away.” Let him know you’re involved, and acknowledge and apologize for what you did that hurt him. And if your brother apologizes to you, humble yourself and accept it. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember, you didn’t go there to tell who was nice, and who

8. How can humility help you to maintain peace when you have minor differences with your brothers? (Colossians 3:13) (See also photo.)

9. How will humility help you if you have done everything you can to make peace? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 THE WATCHTOWER

his words are not pleasant. Instead, you went to make peace and continue your friendship.—Prov. 18:2

WHEN IT DIFFERS FROM YOUR BEHAVIOR TO OTHERS

10 Why can it lead to problems? There are some brothers and sisters who are different and we are different, so it can-be hard to befriend them. There are some whose behavior is disgusting to us. Others may have been treated unfairly by some, or because of their upbringing and culture, they may not be social, or they may be overly attracted to them. Some are just different and different; we may like people, but others are shy.

11 Imitate Jesus' patience. Jesus was able to make friends with people of different backgrounds. For example, the apostle James and John once asked Jesus for prominent positions in his Kingdom. This means that they wanted to be popular. (Mark 10:35-37) But as of now, Jesus had left behind the great position and privileges he had in heaven to come to earth. (Phil. 2:5-8) Clearly, the two apostles had very different personalities, and so did Jesus. Nevertheless, Jesus remained patient with James and John and others.

12 Jesus did not expect perfection from his apostles. He knew that most of the disciples shared the views of James and John. (Mark 9:34) Jesus understood them, for he grew up where we did. Where we raised them, too, they were dominated by position and privilege. But Jesus was patient with them. He knew that a tree that has been bent for forty-three years cannot be straightened in a day. So he knew that it would take time for his disciples to overcome that tendency.—Mark 13:1 10:42-4

The 13-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. If our brothers have a trait that we don’t like, we should still be patient with them. (Prov. 14:29) We all have certain personalities. For many, it may not be a bad habit; rather, it is those qualities that make each of us unique. So as we are, it makes us happy when others don’t really oppose us. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) Therefore, we should continue to be patient with others when we are offended by their traits. For example, imagine how difficult it is for someone who is quiet or shy to approach others, or to communicate with them. Therefore, if someone also likes to talk or is interested, we should be patient with them. Of course, not everyone we-can become close friends with, but we must remember that even Christians with different personalities will work together beautifully.

14 Patience will help us to focus on the good qualities of our brothers. If we do, we will find it easier to make friends with our brothers and sisters who have different personalities. James and John, for example, were ambitious

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100% and the value is 100%.

11. How did Jesus become able to make friends with people of different backgrounds?

12. What helped Jesus to be patient with his disciples?

13. How does patience help us to maintain peace with our brothers? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. What is the focus of patience?

JUNE 2026 11

Good friends comfort their brothers, and they show kindness to them (See paragraph 19)

large, but their actions showed that they believed in the Kingdom. Jesus saw their faith. So we too, when we look for the good in our brothers, we are imitating Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 A key to maintaining friendships with those of diverse backgrounds is to pray for Jehovah's help. Pray about a behavior that may upset you, and ask Jehovah to be patient with you. Remember, Jehovah is our Creator, and he knows what we are like as individuals. So when you pray, be assured that Jehovah knows what will help you to remain patient with your brothers. Also, if you sense that your patience is running out, ask Jehovah for his holy spirit to help you cultivate self-control.—Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22,

WHEN OUR BROTHERS ARE SUFFERING

16 Why can it lead to problems? When our brothers are suffering or are-

especially, we may be offended by certain words or actions. For example, they may be quiet, or just about to get angry, or suddenly do something we don’t understand. They may also say or do something that hurts us deeply. (Job 6:2, 3) We may not know all that our brothers are going through, so we might feel that they are showing off, or that they are worried.

17 Imitate Jesus’ kindness and compassion. Jesus felt compassion for those who were suffering, and he took action to help them; including those he had never met. Take, for example, a blind man named Bartimaeus. Once, he was sitting by the roadside and heard Jesus passing by; she immediately began to scream to get Jesus' attention. Some of the people there told him to be quiet, but everything they were saying was behind his ears. Because she really wanted Jesus to heal her, so now she was crying out loud. What Bartimaeus was doing must have angered some of the people. But Jesus was “moved with pity” for her. (Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus said

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s, and is a veteran of the 2000s and 2001s.

16. What is the effect of the suffering or persecution of our brothers?

17. What do you learn from Jesus' helping the blind Bartimaeus?

12 THE WATCHTOWER

Bartimaeus was comforted, and he commended her for her faith. Then he gave him sight.

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. Be compassionate. If you cultivate this quality, you can “speak consolingly to the depressed souls.” (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember, a true companion is always there for those who love him, especially “when they are in distress.” amane. Instead, he also comforts them, offers encouragement, and takes specific action to help them.

19 What are some specific ways to show kindness and compassion? Although we cannot remove the suffering of a fellow believer, we can empathize with him and take steps to help him feel a measure of relief. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) Listen to him as he expresses his concerns, and if possible, try to offer something comforting. (Prov. 12:25) Do not assume that you understand everything he is going through. (Prov. 18:13) Try to be patient with him, and do not expect everything he says or does to be perfect.—Eph. 4:3

20 How grateful we are to have so many good friends in the congregation! But we are all sinful, and many of us have gone through painful lives, so sometimes we can say or do things that we later regret. So when we do something that hurts our brothers and they ignore it, they are patient, compassionate, kind, and friendly. So let’s all work hard to be a good friend.

20. What kind of friend do you want to be?

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. How to show kindness and compassion? (See also the photo.)

COVER Page 10: An elderly brother and a younger brother discuss how to work a territory, but they disagree. Later, they are going out together.

HOW CAN YOU KEEP YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH YOUR BROTHERS . . . . . . . .

when you disagree with them on a matter?

when your personality differs from that of a brother?

when a brother of yours is suffering?

SONGS

We Will Always Be True

AUGUST 24-30,

SONGS 65 Go Forward!

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

How our preaching team helps us.

How the Field Service Group Helps Us

“I will laud Jehovah with all my heart in the assembly of the upright ones.”—PS. 111:1

DO YOU remember the day you were approved as a publisher? We are sure you were very happy that day, because you were among the brothers who are proclaiming Jehovah’s name all over the world. (Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) That same day, you may have been part of a small group of few brothers; that’s your preaching team. The preaching work is a vital part of our commission to preach the good news of the Kingdom “in all the inhabited earth.”—Matt. 24:1

2 How do you see the field service teams that help us preach the good news? “My field service group has been a great help,” says Wendy,* “I have learned new ways to preach from my group, to improve my teaching, to set and reach more goals, and to make more good friends.” “The privilege of serving as a group overseer is very precious to me,” adds Rich. “For example, when a person is helped to get baptized, the group overseer has the unique privilege of helping that person to progress spiritually over the years.” “You don’t have to be in a field service group,” says Dinah.

* Some names have been changed.

1-2 How do some feel about the field service teams?

14

3 In this article, we will consider three factors. First, we will consider the responsibilities of the group overseer and his assistant. Then, we will look at what each of us can do to help our field service group. Finally, we will see how our field service group helps us.

PREACHING GROUP OVERSEER AND ASSISTANT

4 A group overseer is an elder* appointed by the body of elders to help the brothers in his group to progress spiritually. How does he do it? First, he takes a keen interest in the individuals in his ministry. (Prov. 27:23) As a caring shepherd, he often keeps an eye on the progress of his flock. They are a great way to get your team to feel loved and to be able to help them draw closer to Jehovah. He also gets to do specific things to help them. (Prov. 12:25; Isa. 32:2; Jas. 2:15-17) Second, he helps each publisher in his group to have a full share in the ministry. She zealously spearheads the preaching work, especially on weekends. He also regularly works with and trains each publisher in the ministry. If for some reason he can’t go out, he makes sure that

* If an elder is not available, a qualified ministerial servant may be assigned to care for the group until an elder is appointed. The congregation servant who oversees the group is called the group servant because he is not an overseer in the congregation. Rather, he is guided by the body of elders.

3. What will we consider in this study?

4. (a) What is the primary responsibility of the group overseer? (b) What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? (See the box "What Can Help Group Managers.")

What Can Help a Group Manager

• Keep the meeting for field service brief; it should not exceed seven minutes, so that the brothers have time to start preaching quickly.

• Strive to work with all members of your group; including those who for some reason rarely attend meetings for field service. Perhaps you can work with them in the ministry at another time, or in the evening.

• Constantly visit and encourage your team members. You can visit them in their homes, at the Kingdom Hall, or anywhere else that will help. You can also give them a phone call, or a letter of encouragement.

• Train brothers to reach out for responsibility in the congregation.

• If your group meets with other groups, you must take the lead in the ministry.

his assistant or another suitable brother shall take his place. Third, he trains baptized brothers to qualify for congregation responsibilities. (1 Tim. 3:1) He generously commends the brothers in his group and offers Scriptural counsel. Also, the

JUNE 2026 15

he trains them to qualify as ministerial servants and elders. Because of the importance of the role of the field service group overseer, the elders make sure that the most qualified elder is selected and entrusted with this assignment.

5 There may be circumstances that make it difficult for a group overseer to provide adequate support to his group members. Consider the example of Jörg. He is a group overseer in a congregation in Germany. “Being able to do my job as a team manager, and re-work all the responsibilities I have been assigned to the whole organization, has been a challenge at times. Consider Abel, a 70-year-old brother. “We don’t have many elders and ministerial servants,” says an elder in Uganda, “so the field service groups in our congregation are large. Obed, an elder in Suriname, also says: “I enjoy training others. But it takes time and effort, and sometimes it takes time to see the benefits of the training you are giving. What can help team managers who face such challenges?

6 If possible, field service groups should be small, so that group overseers can get to know all in their group better and help them to grow in faith. What if there are not enough elders in the congregation? In such a case, the elders may assign a ministerial servant to care for the group

An elder may train a ministerial servant in his field service group; perhaps he can have her conduct the meeting for field service (See paragraph 7)

until an elder is found to entrust it. The larger the number of publishers in the group, the more difficult it may be for group overseers to keep a close eye on their group. The primary responsibility of group overseers is to help their brothers grow spiritually. So the smaller the teams, the more productive they are.

7 If you are a group overseer in a congregation with a small number of elders, make it your goal to train your assistant to help you care for God's flock. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Delegate tasks to your assistant. For example, you might occasionally have him conduct a meeting for field service. You can pray with him and see what you can do to help the group improve. When visiting to encourage group members, usually accompany your assistant. Before you leave, discuss with him what you will say. Complete the visit

5. What challenge do some group managers face?

6. How does small group size help group overseers?

7. In a congregation with a limited number of elders, what can group overseers do to help all in their group? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also illustration.)

16 THE WATCHTOWER

also, let him know what he did well, and what he needs to improve on. If you do, it follows that he too can become a group overseer. (2 Tim. 2:2) You can also have experienced brothers in your group help you train the group. For example, you might assign pioneers and experienced ones to work with newer and less experienced ones. They can help them learn how to start conversations, make return visits, and conduct Bible studies. Let us now consider three ways in which all of us can help our field service group to grow.

HELP YOUR PREACHING GROUP

8 Instead, go out with your group. When you go out with others, you get encouragement from each other. (Read Romans 1:12.) Working with someone in the ministry helps you to muster up boldness to give a witness. Also, in a dangerous environment, you walk with someone who protects you. If your work limits your time in the ministry, you might speak to your employer and ask him to adjust your schedule. He may understand you and grant your request. (Neh. 2:4-6) If sickness or advanced age make it difficult for you to walk to meetings for field service, tell your group overseer. He may arrange for you to zoom in on the meeting for field service and then arrange for you to witness by telephone or by letter. You are a young man or woman who is determined to ta, but-

do you find it difficult to go out regularly? If so, you could schedule a weekly field trip with a member of your group. You may need to adjust your priorities to put Jehovah’s service first instead. (Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) Doing so will benefit both you and your team. So pray to Jehovah and ask him to give you “the will and the power to act.”—Phil. 2:1

9 Enjoy hospitality. Showing hospitality adds to the atmosphere in our ministry. (Read Romans 12:13.) For example, we might invite some of the groups to have meetings for field service in our home. Some groups have arrangements for a group to share a meal with a speaker each time he comes from somewhere to give a talk. Even if the speaker is unable to meet with them, some group members may want to meet for a meal and encouragement. Sarah, a special pioneer, says: “When I invite people to my home, I tend to be nervous, so I tend to be crooked.” Instead of thinking about whether the food will taste good, I focus on getting to know my brothers and sisters better. When everyone in the field service group shows hospitality, we draw closer to Jehovah and to one another.—Neh. 8:10; Due. 20:3

10 Take the initiative. If we can preach and teach effectively, we will enjoy being with our field service group regularly

8. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? (Romans 1:12)

The 9.0-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (Romans 12:13)

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100% and the value is 100%. (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also photo.)

JUNE 2026 17th

The small size of the field service group allows us to get to know the team members better, and to work with them in the field service

(See paragraph 10)

will go out together. If you see room for improvement in some aspect of the ministry, tell your group overseer, and he will do his best to help you. You might also ask a pioneer or an experienced publisher in your group to help you. (Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) That is what a sister named Heather did. She is shy, but she says: “I asked a pioneer to help me make return visits. She arranged for me to go out in the ministry regularly, and she generously helped me. There are obviously many ways to support our field service group.

HOW YOUR PREACHING GROUP HELP YOU

11 Spiritual help. The preaching team helps each of us in many ways. For example, through the group preaching arrangement, Jehovah provides needed encouragement and comfort for widows, orphans, and the elderly, who are dear to him. (1 Thess. 2:8; Jas. 1:27) The group overseer can be a source of encouragement and comfort to us. There are also a number of other solutions that can help you improve your evangelism and teaching skills. The field service group also provides training for exemplary baptized brothers to reach out for responsibility in the congregation.—1 Tim. 3:1

12 Consider how Wendy, mentioned earlier, has benefited from the field service arrangement. “Because my father was not interested in the truth at all,” she says, “it was often difficult for my mother to join his group in the ministry on the weekends. But I was able to go the Bible-based counsel of my group overseer has helped me to this day.”

13 It draws us closer together. Working together in the ministry draws us closer together. (Phil. 1:27) Also, because the field service groups are small, shyness or social difficulties may be a factor

11-1 What spiritual help does the field service group arrangement provide? Give it an experience.

13. How does the preaching team help us draw closer together? (See also the illustration on the cover of this issue.)

18 THE WATCHTOWER

easily makes friends in the group. (2 Cor. 6:13) Even in difficult times, such as when we are sick, depressed, or grieving over the death of a loved one, these friends can be a source of support. (1 Thess. 5:14) We know that we need friends not only today; we will need them more in the future. (Matt. 24:21) The problems we face may not go away, but we know that our brothers are there for us and will help us to cope.—Prov. 17:1

14 When we are in trouble, they help us. When a disaster strikes, an epidemic breaks out, a disease strikes, we are hated, or we are in financial trouble, members of our field service group come to our aid. When such a situation arises, the Service Committee in each congregation meets with the group overseers to determine what special assistance can be provided. Team leaders take the lead in identifying each team member and what help can be given to them. They may need medical care, food, water, shelter and clothing. Let’s face it, the field service group arrangement is so helpful!

15 As we have seen, Jehovah's family is very large. Even the upper part alone is made up of billions of faithful angels. The earthly part of it, too, has a population of over nine million, and more will be added by the day. (Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) The greatest concern of Jehovah's servants, in heaven and on earth, is that the good news of God's Kingdom reach as many people as possible. (Rev. 14:6, 7) May all of us take full advantage of the group field service arrangement, for it helps us to praise Jehovah wholeheartedly.—Ps. 111:1

14. How does our preaching team help us in the event of a disaster or unexpected crisis?

15. What is the need of all Jehovah’s servants?

COVER: Two sisters in the same group go out in the ministry together.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What steps do the group overseer and his assistant take to help their group members?

■ What can we do to help our field service team?

■ How does the field service group system help us?

PSALM 61 Forward, O ye witnesses!

AUGUST 31–SEPTEMBER 6,

PSALM 89 Obey God and Be Blessed

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

Why and how to listen carefully to the program when attending a study or a meeting.

Watch How You Listen

“Pay attention to how you listen.”—LUKE 8:1

TODAY, Jehovah provides us with an abundance of spiritual food. Therefore, we can agree with David, who said: “Jehovah is my Shepherd. I shall lack nothing.”—Read Psalm 23:1, 2,

2 One way that Jehovah provides spiritual food is by means of instruction at our meetings. When we go to class, there are many things we hear that are not news. But even if we are “rooted in the truth,” we need to be reminded. (2 Pet. 1:12) Do you find it hard to pay attention when it comes to things that we already know? If so, then this study will help you. It will show us why it is important to listen carefully during study. Also, those who teach in the congregation will look at how to help others listen better. Apart from that, we will look at some of the things we do to help us listen better. But first let’s answer this question: From whom do we receive the teachings?

THE TEACHING WE RECEIVE IS FROM JEHOVAH

3 Jehovah teaches us through his Word, the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew that. So effective was he in teaching God’s word that even his listeners asked: “How did this man have such knowledge of the Scriptures when he had no formal education?” (John 7:15) But the righthearted ones were thrilled to hear Jesus explain God’s word. Christians in the first century, like the apostles Paul and Apollos,

1-2 (a) How does Jehovah provide spiritual food for his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this study?

3. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

20

teachings that also often referred to the Scriptures. (Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah's Witnesses, we too recognize that our publications, broadcasts, talks, and videos are all based on the Bible. When people come to our classes and see how we explain the Bible, they are often amazed. The brothers who teach at the class ensure that the Bible is at the forefront of their teaching; they not only read but also show the audience how to apply what the Bible says.—Luke 24:3

4 When the Bible uses the word “obey,” it often means to obey. So when Jehovah teaches us through his Word during a study, and we understand what he wants us to do, it makes it easier to obey him. We know that listening to him and applying what he teaches makes him happy.—Prov. 27:1

WHEN WE GO TO STUDY, WHY SHOULD WE LISTEN TO WHAT GOES ON?

5 We attend classes with attention because we love Jehovah. (Matt. 22:37) Daily learning about Jehovah will help us to grow in our love for him. The more we love him, the more we will want to obey him and serve him in the way that pleases him.—Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3

6 We attend classes attentively, because we love people. (Matt. 22:39) When we attend study, we

4. When the Bible uses the word “listen,” what does it often mean?

5. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What are some of the things we learn when we go to class?

The Tips for Better Listening

When asked what helps some longtime servants of Jehovah to listen well at study, the following comments were made:

• Suefawn, baptized in 1986, says, “When you go to class, sit in the front.

• David, also baptized in 1983, says, “I often pray to Jehovah to help me concentrate. I remind myself that attending, concentrating, and participating in every aspect of the study is part of my worship.”

• Nicolas was baptized in 1982. “Make it your goal to commend anyone who gave a talk, an example, or an illustration that you enjoyed,” she says.

• Augustin was also baptized in 1988. “When the faithful slave brings something we have already learned for us to study again, I often tell myself, then it was spiritual food at the right time,” he says.

he teaches us how to love our Christian brothers and sisters and those who have not yet come to know him. For example, the brochure Love People—Help Them Become Disciples has helped us to learn how to love people and how to teach effectively in the ministry. How do you find it to start conversations in the ministry?

JUNE 2026 21st

in the 19th century? So, when brothers are doing student assignments during the midweek class, pay close attention.

7 We attend classes with attention, because we want to enjoy life and live forever. Jehovah told his servants of old that if they wanted to enjoy life and live forever, they had to obey him. We, too, should do the same. (Deut. 32:44-47) We need encouragement to endure trials until the new world. So attending class and listening carefully helps to provide such encouragement. (Rom. 8:25) It is especially important today, for we are living in the time of the end.—Matt. 24:42-44; Adi. 1:3

HOW TO HELP OTHERS LISTEN AT STUDY

8 Brothers who teach in the classroom, especially those who give public talks, should continue to work at improving their teaching. When brothers take the time to prepare their talks well and base them on the Bible, they can attract people to the truth. It also helps their Christian brothers to continue to serve Jehovah joyfully. Therefore, each of us who gets the assignment should work hard to do it well, because how it can help others may surprise us. If you get an assignment, see if-the following suggestions can help you. Although this suggestion is for the most public speakers, foot-

7. Why is it so important to keep listening to the Lord?

8. Why should the brothers who teach at the class continue to strive to improve their teaching?

so that each of us can use it if we have an assignment.—2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9

9 Organize your material carefully. When you give a talk, you should not make it difficult for your audience to understand. If your presentation is complex, your audience will be distracted. How can you keep your speech from being cluttered? The following may help you: (1) Right at the beginning of the talk, try to get them to know the main points you are going to cover. (2) Then you take any main points and you have covered them. After you have covered a main point and are moving on to another, you can pause to let your audience know that you are moving on to another main point. (3) At the end of the talk, summarize all the main points.

10 Try to be interested in what you’re-going to say. If you are interested in what you are going to say, you will explain it with enthusiasm. (Prov. 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) Meditating on the scriptures and the main points of your talk will help you to appeal to what you are going to say. A brother in the United States who is in his 70's still remembers a talk he heard as a young man. “The speaker said that when we-read the Bible, we should not meditate backwards,” she says. “The brother spoke with confidence and showed us how to do it. That talk touched my heart;

11 Think about what will benefit your audience and

9. When you give a talk, why not make it difficult for your audience to understand?

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100% and the value is 100%.

The 11-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 THE WATCHTOWER

show them something specific that they can do. Instead of overstatement, encourage them with a specific Bible passage, and show them how to apply it in their lives. For example, while Timothy was helping the brothers in Ephesus, the apostle Paul gave him specific practical suggestions. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) Thinking about what will benefit your audience will help you to say something specific that will benefit them in their lives.

12 When you are learning your speech, squeeze it out of your mouth; let it be as if you were speaking in your own words. Instead of writing out all the details of your talk and having him read it to the audience, speak from the heart and not as if you were having a conversation with your audience. Then it will be easier for them to listen. “Speak naturally, and from the heart, to let your audience know how you feel about what you are saying and how you feel about them,” says the booklet Apply Yourself to Reading and Teaching.

The 12-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

Speaking from the heart will touch the hearts of your listeners and motivate them to act on what you are saying.

13 Seek advice from an experienced speaker. How will you do it? The paper you will be covering for the talk and any research you will do can be shown to him before you give the talk. Include his suggestions in your own. Besides, tell him you want to let him know, and if he sees something going wrong he will give you advice to help you improve. (Prov. 1:5) We all have imperfections, so we may not always find the words clear or convincing. We want to improve our speech and teaching skills so that we can help our listeners to apply Bible truth.*

* For additional suggestions on how to improve your speaking and teaching ability, see the brochures Apply Yourself to Reading and Teaching and Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education.

13. Why should you seek advice from an experienced speaker when delivering a talk? (See also the photo.)

Seek advice from an experienced speaker, to help you improve your teaching (See paragraph 13)

23

Keep listening to Jehovah’s reminders; don’t be distracted by phones and tablets

(See paragraph 17)

THAT IS GOOD FOR YOUR LISTENING

14 Appreciation for Jehovah's reminders will move us to listen carefully. In these “critical times hard to deal with,” we need God’s reminders to help us cope. (2 Tim. 3:1) Even if we feel that we have heard the truth many times, we should strive to imitate the psalmist who appreciated God's reminders.

15 And the Lord sustained them in the wilderness, and fed them with manna. (Ex. 16:15, 31) At first, it was a thrill, a pleasure, and a source of much-needed energy. But at some point, some said they were bored with the manna, so they no longer appreciated it. (Num. 21:5) The lesson? That is, we should not underestimate the spiritual food Jehovah provides, or say that this is what we often learn. Instead, we need to recognize that our spiritual food comes from Jehovah. We must remember that the faithful slave has patiently prepared for us. The fact is, applying what we learn can lead to everlasting life.—Prov. 3:13, 16-18; Yoh. 17:3

16 To help us listen carefully. Consider what has helped some longtime servants of Jehovah to improve their listening skills at study. Sister Ashley has over 30 years of experience. “If I learn before I go, it helps me to listen better,” she says. “If I don't learn, I find it difficult to comment, and it makes me lose my mind.” József has also served Jehovah for 52 years. “Even if I’ve never heard the story before,” she says, “I like to listen to it again, because you’ll watch it and add a little bit more. That gives me something new to learn every day.

14. Why should we imitate the psalmist of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

15. How can we maintain our appreciation for the spiritual food we receive at the study?

16. What has helped some longtime servants of Jehovah to improve their listening skills at study? (See also the box “Helping Us Listen Better.”)

24 THE WATCHTOWER

but the biblical text he is explaining.”

17 The following suggestions may help you to listen more effectively. (1) If you eat before class, make sure you don’t eat too much, so you don’t fall asleep. (2) Arrive early and find a seat before the program begins. (3) Turn your phone or tablet to silent, and don’t let it distract you during class. (4) Think ahead of time about what you will learn during the study. (5) During the study, keep your attention focused on the speaker. (6) You can make brief notes or drawings to remind you of the main points of the lesson. (7) Try to focus on the order in which the speaker explains the key scriptures. (8) Ask yourself, 'How can I use this material to help someone in the congregation or in the field ministry?' (10) Before the session begins, sit quietly and listen to the music and music videos. By doing so, you are preparing your heart for the program.

KEEP LISTENING TO JEHOVAH

18 We need to continue to listen carefully during the study, for by doing so, we are allowing Jehovah to lead us “in the path of uprightness.” (Ps. 23:3; 31:3) Counsel and reminders help us to avoid going astray. Otherwise, we will be like a ship driven by the wind. So we need to ‘pay attention to how we listen’, and apply the advice given in class. (Luke 8:18) Those who obey Jehovah will enjoy happiness now and everlasting life in the future. —Dw. 119:2,

17. What do you do to improve your listening skills during class or meetings? (See also the photo.)

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ Why should we listen carefully during class?

■ How can brothers who teach in classes help others to listen more attentively?

■ What will help you to listen better?

SONG 87 Come! Will Be Relieved

LIFE STORIES

I Have Served Jehovah for Nearly 70 Years in Cuba

GUSTAVO JOSEPH'S MOUTH

I WAS born in 1947 on the beautiful island of Cuba. Where the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean meet, Cuba is located. I was the oldest child, and my parents had two daughters with me. All five of us lived in a village; it is called Esmeralda.

I fondly remember the peace in our village. We lived in the village with some relatives; my grandparents, uncles and cousins. We had what we ate, and we were happy.

When I was about five, my parents began studying the Bible with Walton Jones. Brother Walton, whether he left it or not, was very preaching; he traveled about ten hours to our village to preach. Each time he came, many relatives would fill my grandmother's house, and we would have hours of Bible discussions with her. My parents, my uncle Pedro and my aunt Ela, were very interested in what they were learning, and they were soon baptized as Jehovah’s Witnesses. Ela is now nearly 100 years old, but she is still a pioneer in Cuba.

At the time, Jehovah's Witnesses in Cuba enjoyed freedom of worship. We were best known for our door-to-door preaching; and when we left, we carried our bags full of books. Walking, too, was free! When I think back to the zeal of my childhood, I am so happy. Those were good times, but now bad times are coming.—2 Tim. 4:2

IN BAD TIMES

When I was five years old, my father and his brother attended a convention in another city. But unfortunately, they went and drank some water and got typhoid. I vividly remember that when they returned, my uncle's head was all shaved, but he was not dead. My father, however, died; he was only 32 years old.

After my father died, my mother moved our family to live with her brother; he lived in a village we call Lombillo. We loved our grandparents very much, but we had to leave them and the rest of the family. When we left, we didn’t stop serving Jehovah.

On August 26, 1957, I was baptized in a lake near Lombillo. I was ten years old. At that time, even if someone said that in less than two years things would turn upside down for Jehovah’s Witnesses in

26 THE WATCHTOWER

Cuba, I wouldn’t believe it. In 1959, the people-people overthrew the government and a kankabi government took over the country.

The next government's main concern was to-get more people to join the army. Jehovah's Witnesses, on the other hand, do not join the military or participate in politics. So when that happened, things got tough for us; the freedom to serve Jehovah was lost. Eventually, our religion was banned, and many brothers were arrested and imprisoned. They could beat some-drinks, and not even food. Sometimes the food contained blood, but the Bible forbids us to eat it.

Despite the hardships we went through, we never lost sight of study; we kept meeting. (Heb. 10:25) We held meetings in fields and elsewhere throughout the country. I remember that a brother had a large courtyard, and he once let us hold a meeting there. We couldn’t clean it up before the meeting, and we couldn’t get the sheep out. So we attended the convention together with all the sheep.—Micah 2:1

We appreciated the hard work of the brothers at that time to-provide us with spiritual food. For example, the brothers re-recorded the convention program, which was sent to brothers all over the country. Sometimes only two brothers prepare the entire be-brebe talk, and then give it back, recorded. Because the brothers sneaked in and did this work, sometimes when we-played the tape to listen to the meeting, we heard chickens crowing in it, and a noise walking through. When there was no electricity at the convention site, a generator was attached to a bicycle, and a brother sat on it to get electricity. That way, we could play the tape and listen to the program. Of course, we did not have the same freedom and access to whatever congregation publications came to our brothers in other countries. But we never lacked spiritual food, and we joyfully served Jehovah together.—Neh. 8:1

WE BECAME PIONEERS AND PARENTS

At age 18, I became a regular pioneer in Florida. About a year later, I was assigned as a special pioneer in Ca-magüey; and there is a great city. There I met Emilia; a beautiful sister from Santiago de Cuba. We started dating, and within a year we were married.

Emilia and I could no longer pioneer; but we wanted to do more of

A. Kingdom Ministry School for congregation elders—Camagüey, Cuba,

B. Our wedding day, 1967

THAT

B

D

D. Circuit work

E. Our first convention after the government took over,

E

Pious FEAR 1994 District Assembly

In the service of Jehovah. So I went to work in a government sugar factory. I went to work every day from 3pm to 11am. Getting up in the morning was difficult, but going to work at that time helped me to be regular in the ministry; it also allowed me to study with Emilia regularly.

In 1969 we had Gustavo; our first child. Right away I was invited to be a circuit overseer. Back then, when you came here to Cuba, it was not surprising to see a circuit overseer with a wife and children. It was very busy, but we were very happy. Emilia and I were so happy to have the opportunity to serve our brothers. It was while we were in the circuit work that our second child was born; we named him Obed. Later we had Abner, and a few years later we had our daughter Mahely.

Looking back on the circuit work and seeing how Jehovah blessed his people in Cuba, I am so happy. Not only that, she also helped us instill love for her in our children. Let me share with you what life was like for Emilia and me while we were in the circuit work.

HOW WE DONE THE CIRCUIT WORK WHEN WE WAS BAN

When our ministry was banned, some of it went through our eyes. Every Kingdom Hall was closed, and all missionaries were deported. Many young brothers were arrested and imprisoned, and the branch office in Havana was closed.

Because of the ban, we could only visit the wines on Mondays and Sundays. So we spent two weekends serving one congregation. We traveled without much luggage, and we rode our bicycles to avoid police attention. When it came time to serve a congregation, the brothers were not informed of our arrival. When we left, we pretended to be visiting relatives. Visiting relatives, on the other hand, will not cause any problems. Sometimes when we went to serve a congregation, we were so close to them that we even forgot that we went there to serve them. (Mark 10:29, 30) But we had to be very careful, for we were about to be interrogated by the police. The brothers we arrested could be arrested if the police found out later.—Rom. 16:4

While in the circuit work, we met many brothers who did not have it on purpose, however

28 THE WATCHTOWER

E

F

G

E. Emilia works in the sewing department at the Cuba Bethel

F. Dedication of an Assembly Hall,

G. Bible School for Christian Couples, 2013

they were generous in their hospitality. In some places, the presence of ants is not a minor issue. But the family we stayed with had only one room, and they gave it to us so that we could sleep comfortably. Others had little food, but they welcomed us into their homes. For this reason, we sometimes took food with us and shared meals with them.

When we visited the wines, we couldn’t take all of our kids with us. So we went with only one of our children, leaving the others to my mother and sister. When we went and took our little one with us, it was a protection. Sometimes the police would stop us and search our belongings, so the bag with the baby’s dirty pampers was stuffed with congregation literature; there, too, which policeman is going to open it.

We are both in the full-time ministry and raising our children, and I deeply appreciate Emilia's hard work in caring for the babies. I, too, was also a circuit overseer throughout my time in the factory. How did I manage to combine both? Sometimes I work five days a week so that I don't have to go to work on the weekends. But later my job se-

sae; the employees I worked with, the management told me not to sleep. I couldn't do anything about it, so I had to work from Wednesday to Saturday. I realized that if I could divide the work among the workers in such a way that by the end of the week they would have work to do. That gave me the opportunity to visit the keys. To this day, I don't think the management noticed that I didn't work on Mondays and Saturdays.

WHEN MY ROLE CHANGED, I DIDN'T LET IT RUIN MY HAPPINESS

One day in 1994, the brothers taking the lead in Cuba invited 80 traveling overseers from all over the country to a special assembly day in Havana. We had known each other for a long time, so when we met that, just look at each other; just happy! At that meeting, we were introduced to the changes in the congregation. Then a reminder was announced to our surprise. The brothers told us that they intended to give our names to the authorities. We didn't know why they wanted to do something like that.

They explained to us that they often meet with the authorities; the reason for this is that

JUNE 2026 29th

Cuba Branch Committee, 2013

they wanted the government to understand Jehovah’s Witnesses. So they had been asked by the authorities to submit the names of traveling overseers from all over the country. We all agreed to take it. Since then, the government has been slowly understanding us.

At one point, we were able to study and preach freely, but the religion of Jehovah’s Witnesses was not yet officially recognized. We later learned that the authorities already had the names of some of the traveling overseers, so they wanted to know if the names they had matched what we were going to send them.

In September 1994, the government granted us permission to reopen Bethel. We learned that the building that had been closed 20 years earlier could be used as a Bethel again.

One day in 1996, Emilia and I were invited to Bethel. To our surprise, I told the brothers that I still had two children to care for. The brothers considered what I told them, and later they called me back and told me it was okay to come. So we agreed, and we started packing to move to Havana with our kids.

Honestly, I went to the new Bethel and I wasn’t happy at all. I had been a circuit overseer for many years, so that was where my heart was. So, if I had an office, I couldn’t sit down. But the brothers at Bethel were very helpful in straightening out my mind; especially my wife Emilia. In time, I recovered my sight, and I am now happily serving at Bethel.

Emilia and I are now older. But when we look back, remembering the brothers we have met and served with over the years, our hearts are filled with joy. The greatest joy we have is that our children and grandchildren are serving Jehovah. In his old age, the apostle John made a statement that we feel the same way. He said: “No greater cause for thankfulness do I have than these things, that I should be hearing that my children go on walking in the truth.”—3 John 4.

Emilia and I have now been serving at Bethel for nearly 30 years. Cancer and old age are plaguing us, but we do our best to fulfill our assignment. Our years of service to Jehovah have not always been easy. But how happy we are that we have been able to serve “the happy God” for nearly 70 years on this island of Cuba!—1 Tim. 1:11; Dw. 97:1

We are at a convention with our daughter and her husband

30 THE WATCHTOWER

QUESTIONS FROM READERS

According to Galatians 4:24, to what two covenants was the apostle Paul referring?

■ The apostle Paul described the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar. “These all represent something; these women represent two covenants,” he concluded. (Gal. 4:22-24.) Previously, we understood the two covenants, that is, the Law covenant, and the new covenant. However, after re-examining this issue, we have come to realize that it needs to be adjusted. Paul was probably referring to the Abrahamic covenant and not the new covenant. Let us consider a few of the reasons for this change.*

Paul said that Hagar represented the Law covenant that Jehovah made with the Israelites at Mount Sinai in 1513 BCE (Gal. 4:25; Ex. 19:5, 6) No sinful human could keep that Law perfectly. The Law thus reminded the Israelites that they were slaves to sin. Moreover, this covenant could help the nation of Israel to identify the Messiah, for the Messiah was the only one who could keep the Law perfectly. By sacrificing his perfect human life, the Messiah could now be freed from sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) Once Jesus accomplished God's purpose, the Law was no longer needed.—Rom. 10:4

Paul also described Sarah as “a free woman,” and her son was “born through promise.” (Gal. 4:23) That promise is the Abrahamic covenant. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) Jehovah made that covenant with Abraham; it is mentioned in Genesis 22:1 “By means of your seed all nations of the earth will certainly bless themselves,” Jehovah told Abraham, “because you have listened to my voice.”

This Abrahamic covenant added to Jehovah's promise in Eden. (Gen. 3:15) This covenant made it clear that the “seed” would come through Abraham. Paul explained that the primary “seed” is Jesus Christ. But “those who belong to Christ,” the 144,000 who will rule with him in his Kingdom, are also part of that seed. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) Because of Jehovah's promise to Abraham, those who accept Jesus and obey him will receive many blessings.

Why did Paul say that “all these things are symbolic”? He meant that if the Jews of his day insisted on keeping the Law alone, then they were like Hagar; they will be slaves forever. But if they accept Jesus Christ as the primary “seed” of Abraham, they will be like Sarah, free forever. True freedom from sin and death. (John 8:32-34) But their rejection of Jesus meant that they did not understand the Law covenant, for the purpose of the Law covenant was to help them identify Christ.

Many of the Galatians to whom Paul was writing were not Jews, so they were not bound by the Law. But some of the Jews were adamant that Gentile Christians should keep the Law. These included the law on circumcision. Paul explained that it was unwise to continue under the law that had held them “slaves,” since Christ had set them “free.”—Gal. 5:1, 10-1

* This is a new understanding. Based on the March 15, 2006, issue of The Watchtower, p. 10-12 instead of the

JUNE 2026 31

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

June 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 6 ENGLISH

CONTENTS OF THIS WATCH

Study Article August 10-16 | 2

How Can We Remain Loyal to Jehovah Under Trials?

Study Article August 17-23 | 8

The 100 Best Places to Visit in the World

Study Article August 24-30 | 14

How the Field Service Group Helps Us

Study Article August 31–September 6 | 20

Watch How You Listen

LIFE STORIES | 26

I Have Served Jehovah for Nearly 70 Years in Cuba

QUESTIONS FROM READERS | 31

This book, we don’t sell. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People voluntarily donate to support the project. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

A BIBLE TRUTH

Fishing Nets in Ancient Times

The Bible reveals that some of Jesus’ followers were fishermen. (Mark 1:16-20) They caught fish in the Sea of ​​Galilee.

In those days, to make a net, one used strong threads to weave something like a net with holes in it. If he wants to catch small fish, he will make the holes in the net smaller. If he wants to catch bigger fish, he will also enlarge the holes in the net. For small nets, they were sucked in with a heavy object, such as a stone or metal, so that they could sink when thrown into the water. But if the nets are large, something heavier, such as a stone or metal, is wrapped around the bottom. That leaves part of the net underwater; and something was also sucked in to keep part of the net from the surface.

The rocks on the bottom of the sea could tear the net. Sometimes, too, the catch could cause it to separate. (Luke 5:6) Fish were very expensive. So almost every time fishermen went to sea, they had to prepare their nets. The Bible tells us that James and John were “mending their nets”; it was probably made of pipe and wire. (Matt. 4:21) Luke also says that the fishermen were “washing their nets” to remove debris and impurities. (Luke 5:2) Then the net was wrapped in a blanket to preserve it.—Ezek. 47:1

Jesus invited men who knew how to fish for this net to become “fishers of men.”

Visit the jw.org website in English, or scan this icon with your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.06-E