OCTOBER

THE PRAYER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

COURSES FOR: DECEMBER 7, 2026-JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

ONE CENTURY YEARS AGO

“GOD will soon make his name known. Some will be his witnesses on earth.” The January 1, 1926, issue of The Watchtower.

In 1926, Jehovah, through Jesus Christ, the Head of the congregation, helped Christians to understand that the preaching work should be the most important thing in their lives. As a result, “the faithful and discreet slave” has been quick to take on this task. For example, literature was printed, Christian meetings were revised, and all Christians were made aware of the specific work they were to do. (Matt. 24:45) With Christ's help, they built buildings and acquired printing presses; this helped them to carry out the preaching work.

A NEW BOOK WITH CHANGES IN THE MEETINGS

In April, the magazine Good Time (now Awake!) announced the release of a new book entitled Deliverance. This book would replace the main textbook of the day, Studies in the Scriptures. To produce the required quantity of the new book, Bethel workers installed a press that could print 22 copies per minute. The Bible Students made an effort to offer the new book to everyone to whom they preached.

For many years, the Bible Students studied the book Study of the Scriptures at their meetings. But from early May, they began studying articles published in The Watchtower. What are the benefits?

One congregation wrote to Brother Rutherford, "The Little Bunker Hill congregation greets you. On Sundays we study the topics selected by the organization for the congregations. This keeps us up to date with new insights. Thank you for that.

These “new insights” helped the Bible Students to be more active in the preaching work. For example, one article made it clear that some people are so focused on cultivating such qualities as kindness and humility that they forget the vital work that true Christians have to do. The article makes it clear that Jehovah tells Christians to be his witnesses. Therefore, out of love for Jehovah, each Christian should be ready to obey his command to preach.

Another article emphasized that true Christians serve Jehovah faithfully in expression of their love for him. The article encouraged the Bible Students to exert themselves zealously in preaching to as many people as possible.—Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:1

These articles helped the brothers to make immediate needed changes in the congregations. After studying those topics for a few weeks,

2

PROTECTION

a letter from a brother was published in the July 15, 1926, issue of The Watchtower. “The new articles we studied were very encouraging and comforting,” he said. “Everyone wants to comment at the meeting and this is very beneficial to the congregation,” he continued.

CONVENTIONS ENCOURAGE GOD'S PEOPLE TO PREACH

In late May, the Bible Students attended a conference in London, England. At that time, all the publishing companies in Britain were not working. So the brothers at the Brooklyn branch worked long hours to print 117,000 copies of a new tract. This pamphlet is about God’s instructions to people and was distributed to the attendees.

On Saturday, May 29, delegates took to the streets to distribute the lamb. The convention program that day encouraged the brothers: "Every Bible Student here is invited to preach about Jesus and the Kingdom. So in the morning, go to Alexandra Palace, and the brothers there will let you know what to do.

More than 100,000 leaflets were distributed. The Watch Tower of July 15, 1926, reported: "The brothers were overjoyed.

The next day, Brother Rutherford gave a talk at the Royal Albert Hall on the fate of world governments. Shortly after the doors were opened, 13,000 people filled the auditorium. Hearing aids were placed outside for people who were not allowed in the building to hear the talks.

In his talk, Brother Rutherford explained that the reason for the failure of world governments is that they reject Jehovah and His Kingdom. Brother Rutherford went on to say that the League of Nations would cease to exist.

BROTHERS SENT TO PREACH IN INDIA

Brother Rutherford met Brother Edwin Skinner at the convention in London. Brother Skinner was an evangelist (called pioneers today). Shortly after the convention, Brother Skinner returned to his assignment, but Brother Rutherford asked him to see him again in London.

“I was thinking,” said Brother Skinner, “that he would ask me to serve him abroad.” So the next day I went to Lon-don . . . , and I was ready to accept

A. The Deliverance book

B. Alexandra Palace, London

D. Royal Albert Hall, London

DELIVERY!

A

B

D

Ð. George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner while serving in India

E. George Draper

Ð

HE

immediately." In fact, that is exactly what happened. “Would you like to go to India?” asked Brother Rutherford. “When would you like me to go?” he replied.

Brother George Wright also agreed to-serve in India. So three weeks later in July, he and Brother Edwin set sail on a riverboat. Brother Skinner was serving as branch overseer and had oversight of the work in Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India and Persia (Iran). Brother Skinner lived in India for 64 years until he finished his earthly course in

TRAVELING OVERSEERS LEAD THE SERVICE

Beginning in 1894, the organization sent out brothers to visit groups of Bible Students, much as circuit overseers do today. In July 1926, the assignment of these brothers changed. In the past, a day was spent visiting one group. However, it was changed to two days and they were required to spend 100 hours in the field ministry each month.

George Draper, a traveling overseer, wrote to the Watch Tower Society and explained that everyone, including traveling overseers, should be ready to give a witness. He went on to say that studying the Watchtower magazines will help them do this. Brother Draper finished his earthly course in

CONFERENCE IN NEW YORK CITY

The last general convention of 1926 was held in October from the 14th to the 18th of the month in New York City. Newspaper agencies agreed to advertise Brother Rutherford's talk at the convention. But just before the conference, most of the newspaper house-names refused to advertise the conference.

The brothers decided to let everyone know what the newspaper companies had done. So on Friday, October 15, R. J. Martin released a tract entitled Opposition. This tract shows that the newspaper companies do not want the place to be known. “We have already started printing our own literature,” said Brother Martin, “and our brothers at Bethel will continue to work day and night until one million, two hundred and fifty thousand tracts have been printed. The brothers distributed the tracts on Friday and by the end of the day, 300,000 copies had been distributed.

On Saturday and Sunday, large numbers of copies of the tract were distributed. So the total number of tracts distributed at the convention was over a million! In addition, these zealous preachers placed 3,783 copies of the book Deliverance and 35,140 other tracts.

Some 12,000 attended Brother Rutherford's talk

4 PROTECTION

S Judge Rutherford's Lecture Earth's Greatest Conflict Near New Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 3 o'clock SEATS FREE NO COLLECTION rnational Bible Students Association

YES

F

YES. Brother Rutherford's talk was advertised in the newspaper

F. Convention held at Madison Square Garden in New York in October of

Sunday, October 17 at 3:00 p.m. After the talk, interested people wanted to-understand more. As a result, the brothers placed over five thousand books. That was the first time that so much literature had been distributed at a convention.

NEW BUILDING ON ADAMS STREET

The need for our literature was growing, so the brothers in Brooklyn saw the need to build a larger printery. For many years they had rented a building on Concord Street, where our literature was printed. However, the large number of books that people need cannot be printed in this place, because it is not melo-lo. So the brothers bought a plot of land on Adams Street, not far from the existing printery. Construction of eight-story buildings began on the property. The building was large enough to accommodate the required amount of literature.

The new building would be completed in 1927, and this would prepare the brothers for more work as the work expanded. That same year, many began to associate with the Bible Students, and the organization was preparing God's people to bear the name Jehovah's Witnesses.

The printing press on Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York

OCTOBER

DECEMBER 7-13,

SONGS 46 Jehovah, We Thank Thee

PURPOSE This article will help us to cultivate gratitude and how we can display it.

Show Yourself Grateful

“Show yourselves thankful.”—COL. 3:1

BEFORE he died, a 95-year-old brother named John* was in poor health and was taken into care. Every time someone visited John or did even a small thing to help him, he said, “Thank you.” And then he writes the name of the person in a card. At night, he asks his caregiver to hold him gently so that he can kneel by his bed and pray. John then prays to thank Jehovah for everyone who did something good for him that day. “Despite his age and frailty, John is always happy and content,” said one of his caregivers. John’s example shows us that being grateful leads to happiness and contentment.

2 Sadly, many people today are ungrateful. The Bible foretold that this would happen in these last days. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) Some forget to say thank you. But for many, they don’t feel the need to be grateful, because they feel they deserve everything they are given. This is a selfish attitude.

3 As Jehovah's people, we need to avoid the spirit of ingratitude so common today. “Show yourselves thankful,” said the apostle Paul. (Col. 3:15) This means not only feeling gratitude but also showing it. In this article, we will consider three questions: (1) Why should we be grateful? (2) How can we be self-sufficient?

* We have changed the name.

1. What do you learn from John’s example? (See also photos.) 2. How do many people react today? 3. What will we consider in this article?

6

Being grateful will lead to happiness and contentment (See paragraph 1)

fall into the trap? (3) How can we show gratitude?

WHY SHOULD WE BE THANKFUL?

4 Being ungrateful is harmful. The ungrateful are not happy. “All the days of the afflicted one are bad,” says the Bible. (Prov. 15:15) We all face difficult circumstances that can discourage us at times. There is nothing we can do about those difficult situations, but we can do something about how we view them. If we focus only on our problems, it will seem that all our days are “bad.” Such thinking will prevent us from noticing the positive things in our lives and from being happy.

5 Being grateful will benefit us. People who appreciate are happier. “A cheerful heart has a continual feast,” says the last part of Proverbs 15:1 This person focuses on the positive things to be grateful for. This makes him less concerned about his problems. So it is easier for an appreciative person to “always be joyful,” that is, to be happy.

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. Prayerful thanksgiving will help us to “stop being anxious.” Why? The more we try to be thankful, the more we will be able to focus on what he has done for us and not worry about the future. The more we reflect on how Jehovah has cared for us so far, the more confident he will be of his future care, so we will not be anxious about tomorrow. (Matt. 6:25-34) Also, when we pray to Jehovah from the heart, or even when we cry out to him

4. Why is it that being ungrateful can be harmful?

5. How does being grateful make us-happier?

6. How does being grateful help us to “be less anxious”? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

OCTOBER 2026 | 7

Isaiah 33:6 "He is the stability of your times" ♡

Take time to meditate on your blessings each day (See paragraphs 9-10)

also to help us, he gives us “the peace of God,” which keeps us calm and less anxious.

7 Being grateful draws us closer to Jehovah. Jehovah gave us all the good things we have. (Read James 1:17.) This includes the ransom and the hope of everlasting life. Why did he give us these things? Not because we don’t deserve it, but because he loves us. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) The more we appreciate the love that our Father and best Friend, Jehovah, has shown us, the closer we feel to him.

HOW CAN WE BE CONSIDERING?

8 Reflect on how Jehovah has helped you in the past. For example, think of a difficult situation you have experienced in the past. Perhaps you have lost a loved one in death, are seriously ill, or have been persecuted for your faith. How did you get through those difficult times? You will admit that you are not playing with power. Instead, Jehovah blessed your efforts and gave you the strength you needed. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) Meditating on all that Jehovah has done for you will move you to express heartfelt appreciation for him.—Ps. 103:2

9 Consider what Jehovah is doing for you now. “In connection with everything give thanks,” says the Bible. (1 Thess. 5:18) Take time each day to meditate on your blessings. You can do this in the morning to get the day off to a happy start, or in the evening to end the day well, or at another convenient time. (Ps. 92:1, 2) Like John, mentioned earlier, you can write down the good things that happened during the day. How do you know what to write?

10 First, think about the good things Jehovah did for you during the day, for which you would like to be grateful. (Ps. 40:5)

7. How does being grateful draw us closer to Jehovah? (James 1:17)

The 8-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What good things has Jehovah given you that you enjoy every day? (See also photo.)

8

PROTECTION

You can thank Jehovah for your spiritual blessings; including comforting scriptures, articles and videos that help you at just the right time, and how he listens to your prayers. (Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Think of other blessings; the beautiful sunsets, the delicious food, and the comfort of playing with a friend’s hug. We enjoy all these blessings because God has given us “life and breath of life.” (Acts 17:25) What else would you like to thank Jehovah for today?—Eph. 5:2

11 Think of the blessings you enjoy as part of a united, loving brotherhood. (Ps. 133:1; Prov. 18:24) Has a brother or a sister ever done something kind for you or said something encouraging to you? (Prov. 12:25; 16:24) Even a small act of kindness is a blessing for which you can be grateful. Consider this example. When one sister lost her daughter in death, she initially found it difficult to sing at the meetings. “One day a sister on the other side of the Hall saw me crying. She came up to me, put her arm around me, and sang the rest of the song with me. The embrace alone made this grieving sister feel comforted and appreciated.

12. Meditating on all that Jehovah has done for us in the past and in the present can move us to cultivate heartfelt appreciation for him. But as mentioned at the beginning of this article, we need to do more than feel gratitude. How do we do this?

HOW CAN WE SHOW WE ARE THANKFUL?

13. How to show gratitude? After encouraging us to be thankful, the apostle Paul continued: “Whatever you do in word or deed, do all things in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him.” (Col. 3:15, 17) We show gratitude in word and deed. In this verse, Paul is talking about how to show gratitude to Jehovah. But Jehovah is pleased when we show gratitude to others as well. Let us now consider some ways in which we can show appreciation by playing with words and deeds.

14 Express appreciation by your words. Whenever someone does something nice for you or says something encouraging, remember to thank them. In the afternoon, you can write or text to express your appreciation. For example, when an elder visits your family, you can text him to thank him. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) At times, you can also express appreciation for the wives of elders who allow their husbands to use them

11-1 In what ways are our brothers and sisters a blessing to us?

The 13-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

14. How can you express appreciation through your words? (See also photos.)

OCTOBER 2026 | 9

How can you show appreciation? (See paragraph 14)

time that would have been spent on the form to visit and encourage the brothers.

15 Most importantly, we want to thank Jehovah by playing with our words. We do this by praying to him from the heart. (Eph. 6:18) Prayer is often a request for something or a petition for help. Perhaps we ask him to help us endure a difficult situation, to give us wisdom to make a good decision, or to forgive us for a mistake we have made. But if we think about all that Jehovah has done for us, we will also be moved to thank him in our prayers. (Ps. 95:2) Sometimes, then, we do well to ask ourselves, 'Do my prayers involve only what I ask of Jehovah, or do I thank him regularly?'

16 Show gratitude by your actions. When someone does something nice for you, show them that you appreciate it. Jesus said that there is great happiness in giving. (Acts 20:35) So when you show gratitude by actions, not just words, you will find greater happiness. This will also make people feel valued, and we will be closer to them.

17 The many things Jehovah has done for us move us to show our gratitude by playing with actions. How do we do this? One way is by presenting our “bodies as a living sacrifice” to Jehovah. (Read Romans 12:1.) This means that we will continue to give Jehovah our best, using our mind and strength to please him. What does this require of us?

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s

15. How can we show appreciation to Yeho-wa by playing with words?

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

17-1 How can we show our gratitude to Jehovah by playing actions? (Romans 12:1)

10 PROTECTION

dedicated themselves to him and got baptized. Jehovah is pleased when we use our best, including our time, energy, and resources to the fullest extent possible. So we endeavor to read and meditate on his Word daily, to share the good news with others, to attend and participate in congregation meetings regularly, and to contribute to the Kingdom work. (Ps. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) When we do our best to serve Jehovah, we show how much we appreciate all that he has done for us.—Col. 3:23,

we will be happier, less anxious, and most important, we will draw closer to Jehovah. The more we reflect on what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he is doing for us now, the more we will appreciate him. Let us be determined to show our appreciation to others, most importantly, to Jehovah, by our words and deeds. If we do so, our grateful God will pour out on us abundant blessings, now and forever.—Ps. 106:1; Heb. 11:6

19 Although many in the world today are ungrateful, there are good reasons to be grateful. We know that if we are grateful

PHOTOS Page 7: John's appreciation demonstration. Page 8: A sister had a very bad day, but she reflects on the ways in which Jehovah has blessed her; one of them was how comforting some scriptures were.

19. Why are you determined to be grateful?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ Why should you be grateful?

■ How can you be appreciative?

■ How can you show that you are grateful?

MUSIC 139 See Yourself in the New World

DECEMBER 14-20,

SONG 143 We'll Be Watchful, Active, Hopeful

PURPOSE This article will help us to appreciate the opportunity we have to support three of the miracles that Jehovah is performing today.

Support the Miracles Jehovah Is Performing Today

“By this all will know that you are my disciples.” —JOHN 13:3

HOW would you have felt if you had been there when Jehovah parted the Red Sea and led the Israelites to escape from the Egyptian army? And how would you feel if you saw Jesus heal people and even raise the dead? No doubt you will be surprised and delighted. These are just some of the miracles recorded in the Bible. Anyone with a good heart, who witnessed those miracles, would surely agree that Jehovah was behind those events. (Matt. 15:31) But those miracles were long ago. But are miracles still happening today? HE! Why do we say that?

2 A miracle is something that humans cannot do or cannot fully comprehend. It is something that Jehovah uses his power to do. In this article, we will consider three miracles that Jehovah is performing in his organization today. We can say that they are miracles because only Jehovah can make such things happen. As we examine each of them, we will see how we can be Jehovah's “fellow workers” in accomplishing such miracles.—Read 1 Corinthians 3:9

HOW WE ARE GROWING IS AMAZING

3 The prophet Isaiah long ago foretold the increase of Jehovah's servants in our day. (Read Isaiah 60:22.) Has this prophecy come true? Consider: In 1914, the number of Jehovah's servants was about 100,0

1-2 (a) What are some of the miracles recorded in the Bible? (b) What is a miracle, and what will we discuss in this article? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can it be said that Jehovah’s people have become “a mighty nation”? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also photos.)

12

From 1914 to the present, Jehovah's people have increased dramatically (See paragraph 3)

Debt 2026 Over 9,000,000 people

Fee 1914 About 5,000

5,000 square feet. But since that debt, the number of “those importers” has increased to over five million. Worldwide, there are more than 130 countries that each owe less than five million citizens. Never before in history have so many come to know and love Jehovah and are serving him in 240 lands around the world. Granted, we are not as numerous as some other religions, but there is no doubt that the growth foretold in God's Word has come true. Yes, “the little ones” have indeed become “a mighty nation.”

4 Many religions baptize infants to increase the number of members, but we do not. Similarly, we do not tolerate any form of lifestyle in order to get more people to join us in order to increase our numbers. Instead, we studied the Bible and made changes in our lives in harmony with what we learned. For some of us, we need to make significant changes in our thinking and behavior. (1 Cor. 6:9-11) After making those changes, we qualified as Kingdom proclaimers and began preaching the good news so as to help others come to know and serve Jehovah. In time, we dedicated ourselves to Jehovah, promising to do his will no matter what. Then we were baptized.—Matt. 28:19,

5 The growth is a miracle because it can only come from Jehovah. Jesus made it clear that it would not be easy to be his disciple. “If anyone wants to come after me,” he said, “let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and continually follow me.” (Matt. 16:24) This means that Jesus

4. Why is the growth rate remarkable?

5. What did Jesus say would happen to his followers?

OCTOBER

They Grow Despite Persecution

Jehovah's Witnesses experienced a remarkable increase during World War II despite vicious persecution. “The more you persecute the Witnesses, the more they increase,” said one Nazi officer.

Consider what happened in the Netherlands (Pays-Bas) in those days. “Despite arrests, imprisonments and concentration camps, and executions, in just two years the number of Witnesses more than doubled to 1,379 in 1943 . . . Jehovah blessed his servants with growth even under such difficult circumstances,” reports the 1986 Yearbook.

the parables and led them before the Sanhedrin, the Jewish high court. These religious leaders wanted to “kill” the apostles; but a Pharisee named Gamaliel warned them: "Do not meddle with these men, but let them alone. For if this counsel or this work is from men, it will be overthrown; but if it is from God, you cannot overthrow it; (Acts 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Gamaliel said instead. After the apostles were released, the religious leaders continued to persecute them. But the persecutors were unable to destroy the work of those faithful disciples; many became Christians instead! (Acts 6:7) Why? Because God was helping his people to endure and to grow despite persecution.—Acts 1:8; 1:8

followers be willing to suffer or even die for believing in him. For example, Jesus foretold that his followers would be brought before governors and kings. (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also warned his followers that they would be severely persecuted by the religious leaders. (John 16:2) Jesus said that even family members would oppose people for serving Jehovah.—Matt. 10:34-3

6 As Jesus foretold, the first-century Christians experienced vicious persecution. Shortly after Jesus returned to heaven, the Jewish religious leaders tried to stop Jesus' disciples from preaching. They are apostles-

7 Today, thousands are embracing the truth despite rejection or persecution from family, workmates, or others. Why do these new disciples choose to ‘pick up their torture stake and follow Jesus’? (Matt. 16:24) They do so because they love Jehovah and trust in his promise to care for them. And Jehovah gives them “the power beyond what is normal” to endure. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When faced with family opposition, they feel as did the psalmist who said: “In case my own father and my own mother did leave me, even Jehovah himself would take me up.” (Ps. 27:10) The fact that so many are becoming disciples of Jesus despite intense persecution is truly a miracle.

6. What enabled the early Christians to grow despite persecution?

7. How do Jesus’ present-day disciples imitate the early Christians? (See the box “Growing Despite Persecution.”)

14 PROTECTION

8 Each time we engage in some aspect of the preaching work, we are working along with Jehovah and Jesus in this miracle of growth. Jehovah and Jesus are behind us. “I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things,” Jesus promised. (Matt. 28:20) Angels also support us in the preaching work.—Rev. 14:6,

THE UNITY THAT WE HAVE IS AMAZING

9 The prophet Micah foretold another miracle for our time—the remarkable unity of God's people. God inspired Micah to foretell how Jehovah will gather men and women together in unity. (Read Micah 2:12.) This prophecy is being fulfilled today. Despite their diverse backgrounds and backgrounds, God’s people are united. They feel as did the psalmist David, who said: “How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity!”—Ps. 133:1

The 10-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. For example, no matter where we live, we all learn the same things at meetings, and at conventions. Around the world, Witnesses from many countries and cultures work together to build places of worship and some work together at branch offices. We all hold a brother. We do not let culture, money and possessions, or politics divide us. Consider this: No matter where we go, our dear brothers and sisters are there to help us both spiritually and physically. Never before in history have so many people from so many nations and cultures been so united in thought and action.

The unity we enjoy is remarkable because it stands in stark contrast to the divisions that permeate the world. There is no unity in the world today. Every day we hear about wars, rebellions, rebellions, and rebellions in the news. This is hardly surprising, for the Bible foretold that people would be “disloyal, (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Although “the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one [and his demons],” we continue to serve Jehovah as one family. (1 John 5:19; Rev. 12:9) This too is truly a miracle!

12. How can we help maintain unity in Jehovah’s organization? It is to listen to and apply what Jehovah is teaching us. They are a great way to be patient, forgiving, avoid conflict, and kind. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) Whenever we overlook a brother's offense, avoid gossiping, or forgive someone, we are

8. How do we contribute to the phenomenal growth?

9-10. How is Micah 2:12 being fulfilled today?

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

The 12-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

OCTOBER

God’s people have genuine love for one another and for their neighbors

(See paragraph 14)

supporting the miracle that Jehovah is performing in his organization today.

THE LOVE BETWEEN US IS A MIRACLE

13 Jesus said that his followers would be identified by their love for one another. (Read John 13:35.) This love was evident among the first-century Christians. For example, they shared their property with those in need. (Acts 2:44, 45) They helped the persecuted. (Acts 12:5) Orphans and widows were cared for. (Jas. 1:27) And despite their poverty, they sent gifts to help other Christians. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) The second-century historian Tertullian wrote of the early Christians: “They loved one another so much

14 Like the early Christians, God's people today have deep love for one another. We also show our love for non-Witnesses through the preaching work. Because we want to support this important work, we donate half of it generously. No one forces or begs us to give, and we are not required to tithe. Also, love moves us to help our brothers when they are in need.* We do more than provide material help; we also comfort them and help them to become reconciled to Jehovah. This is in line with the apostle Paul’s counsel: “Speak consolingly to the depressed souls, support the weak, be long-suffering toward all.” (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has drawn us into a large international brotherhood. The members of this family have genuine love for one another and for their neighbors.

15 The love among God’s people is a miracle because we live in a selfish world. The apostle Paul foretold that in the last days, people would be “lovers of themselves, lovers of money, [and] lovers of pleasures.”

* For example, see the article 2023 Disaster Relief—“Jehovah's Love” on jw.org.

13. How did the early Christians show love for one another? (John 13:35)

14. In what ways do God’s people today show love? (See also photos.)

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

16

PROTECTION

They will be ungodly and “unthankful”; they won’t even love their playmates. (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus foretold that people would betray and hate one another. And “most people borrow love to the bottom,” he adds. (Matt. 24:10, 12) Would you not agree that these things are happening in the world today? It is clear that Jehovah is the source of the love he has created. Truly, this is also a miracle happening today!

16 We show love for our brothers and sisters when we sincerely thank them for the good example they set and strive to be at peace with them. (Mark 9:50) When we always show love for our brothers in word and deed, we show that we are true worshippers. By showing love for our brothers, we are supporting the miracle that Jehovah is performing in his organization today.

APPRECIATE YOUR ROLE

17 The growth, unity, and love that we experience in the organization are proof that Jehovah is working miracles in our time. Despite the persecution, we will play increasing numbers. Many things divide people, but we are united. And while love has become salt-and-pepper in this world, our love for God and our brothers identifies us as true disciples of Christ. (John 13:34) As “God's fellow workers,” we are helping to make these miracles possible.—1 Cor. 3:9

18 The growth, unity, and love of God’s people in this troubled world is impressive. Truly, this is amazing! These miracles strengthen our confidence in the fulfillment of Jehovah's promises for the future. (2 Pet. 3:13) Continue to cherish your part in the miracles that Jehovah is performing today.

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

17. What convinces you that Jehovah is working miracles today?

18. How should the miracles of Jehovah today affect us?

HOW CAN YOU HELP WITH THESE MIRACLES?

■ How we are growing

■ The unity among us

■ The love between us

HADZIDZI 154

Love That Never Fails

DECEMBER 21-27,

SONG 135 Jehovah's Loving Invitation: “Be Wise, My Son”

PURPOSE This article will help young people to see that good friendships can help them remain faithful to Jehovah.

Good Friends Will Help Us Endure

“In case one man can overpower one, two can make a stand against it.”—ECCL. 4:1

WE ALL want to serve Jehovah faithfully. However, this is not easy, as the world tries to alienate us from Jehovah. We need to be on guard against being influenced by the world’s distorted view of friendship. For example, some people in the world think that the number of friends they have is important, even if they are not true friends. Many young people seek advice and comfort from their peers, thinking that they are the only ones who understand them. Other youths feel that they do not need friends at all. How, though, do Jehovah and Jesus view friendship?

2 Jehovah wants us to make good friends who will help us to serve him faithfully. His Son, Jesus, chose such friends. Before his death, Jesus told his faithful apostles: “You are the ones that have stuck with me in my trials.” Jesus considered them friends. (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) A good friend is true not only in good times but also in “times of distress.” (Prov. 17:17) Ecclesiastes 4:9-12* shows that good friends are a source of strength

* Although this verse is often used in reference to marriage, it is primarily about friendship.

1. How do many young people view friendship? 2. (a) What kind of friends did Jesus have? (b) According to Ecclesiastes 4:9-12, how can good associates benefit us?

18

us and comforts us. (Read.) They help and encourage us. Such friends will help us to “stand firm” against whatever trials come our way. When you and your friends serve Jehovah together, they will help you do more for Jehovah and your friendship will last.

3. How does having good friends help young people stay faithful to Jehovah? How can parents and experienced siblings be good friends for young people? Let us examine the example of the prophet Daniel to see what helped him to remain faithful under severe trials. We will also see how Daniel's best Friend, Jehovah, helped him when he was alone.

GOOD FRIENDS HELP US CHOOSE TO SERVE JEHOVAH

4 Daniel grew up at a time when God’s people were in a difficult situation. The majority of the Israelites in Judah had turned away from Jehovah. So in 620 B.C. In 607 BCE, Jehovah allowed King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon to conquer Judah. (Dan. 1:2) Daniel was probably in his teens. Years later he was taken into exile in Babylon, and then he was taken to the palace for training. (Dan. 1:3-6) Daniel thus came to live far from his home and family.

5 What prepared Daniel for the trials he would face in Babylon? The Bible tells us that Daniel “determined in his heart” to obey God’s commands. (Dan. 1:8) How did Daniel come to know God’s laws? And who taught him from an early age to choose to serve Jehovah? It was probably his parents. The name Daniel actually means “God Is My Judge.” Daniel's parents likely wanted him to serve Jehovah and obey his instructions.—Deuteronomy 6:6,

6 Daniel must also have benefited from the good example of the prophet Jeremiah. Why can we say that? Consider the following: Jehovah commissioned the prophet Jeremiah in 647 BCE; in 1914, and began his ministry before Daniel was born. (Jer. 1:2) Jeremiah often delivered Jehovah's messages to royalty and other dignitaries, likely including Daniel's family. (Jer. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) We cannot say for sure that Jeremiah and Daniel were friends. Yet, Daniel likely knew about Jeremiah's prophecies from his youth on, and he continued to examine them even in his old age. (Jer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) Jeremiah's father's courageous faithfulness to Jehovah in the midst of ungodly people undoubtedly set a good example for Daniel.

7 We can be sure that Daniel was influenced by his parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah. They must have helped him draw closer to Jehovah.

8 Parents today can also be a positive influence on their children. If you are a parent, ask yourself: ‘Did I sell

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. What happened during Daniel’s teenage years?

5-6 Who may have helped Daniel make the decision to serve Jehovah?

7-8 How can parents and other experienced Christians help young ones to be faithful to Jehovah?

OCTOBER

are my children ready to be faithful when asked to do things that promote patriotism? How will they react to temptation at school or on the Internet? Are they ready to remain faithful to Jehovah during the great tribulation?” Continue to help your children develop heartfelt love and trust in Jehovah. How can you do this? Teach them about Jehovah regularly, help them to trust in the meetings, and work with them in the field ministry. Young people benefit greatly from association with those who set a good example of faith and loyalty, just as Daniel benefited from Jeremiah's example.

GOOD FRIENDS HELP US WHEN WE ARE IN TRIALS

9 When Daniel and other young Hebrews were taken into exile, they faced trials that they would never have faced in their homeland. From the very beginning, the Babylonians encouraged them to act like them. They were also trained to serve in the court. However, this training will create situations that will test their faith.

10 The first temptation may seem trivial. The king ordered that Daniel and the other young captives be given the king’s food. Some of these foods were unclean under the Mosaic Law. (Dan. 1:5, 8) The young men could have made excuses for eating; they can say that they are captives and that they are not free

9. What challenges did Daniel and the other young Hebrews face?

10. What was the first test the young Hebrews faced?

they don’t have the freedom to do what they want. Or they would say that if they refused to eat those things, the king would be angry with them or fight with them. What are they going to do?

11 Of all the young Hebrews selected for training, only Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego are mentioned in the Scriptures as faithful to Jehovah. These four friends helped each other to overcome temptation and remain faithful to Jehovah. All four refused to eat the king’s food, thus not breaking Jehovah’s law. And Jehovah blessed them for it.—Dan. 1:6-12,

12 If you are a young person, do you sometimes face pressure from your peers? Daniel and his friends helped each other do the right thing. Like them, make friends with people who are determined to be loyal to Jehovah and to avoid the ways of the world. (1 John 2:15-17) True friends will help you to be faithful even in “the least,” and Jehovah will bless and strengthen you. (Luke 16:10) And being faithful in small things will help you to be faithful when you face more severe tests.

GOOD FRIENDS HELP US WHEN WE HAVE DIFFICULT PROBLEMS

13 True friends help each other overcome difficult problems. Consider the difficult challenge Daniel and his friends faced when King Nebuchadnezzar had a disturbing dream. The king wanted to know the meaning of the dream. So he sent men to take the dead-

11. What shows that Daniel made good friends? (See also the illustration on the cover.)

12. What will help young people to remain faithful when under trial?

13. What difficult challenge did Daniel and his friends face?

20 PROTECTION

the magicians and sorcerers of Babylon. Yet, instead of telling them the dream and asking them to explain it to him, he asked them to tell him the dream and interpret it for him. No human being can do this! (Dan. 2:3, 9-11) The king said that if they could not, they would be put to death. Daniel and his friends were among the wise men who were sentenced to death. During this difficult time, Daniel and his friends helped each other.

14 Daniel begged the king to grant him time so that he could come and tell the king the dream and its interpretation. Daniel then went to his friends. “And he requested them to pray to the God of heaven for mercy concerning this secret, that Daniel and his companions might not be destroyed (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah answered their prayers and revealed the dream and its interpretation to Daniel. As a result, Daniel and his companions were spared, and the king promoted them to high positions in his kingdom.—Dan. 2:19, 47-4

14. How did the young Hebrews help one another? (See also the picture.)

15 There are important lessons to be learned from this account. First, when you face a crisis, don’t say you’re going to cope alone. Don’t let pride or shame get in the way of asking for help. Second, be willing to ask others to pray about a matter for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Be assured that these prayers work. Jehovah, the “Hearer of prayer,” will help you to cope with any problem, no matter how difficult. (Ps. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) Associating with those who serve Jehovah can strengthen us and help us to cope with difficult situations.—Read Galatians 6:2

A TRUE FRIEND WHO CAN HELP US IN ANY SITUATION

16 Jehovah is a true Friend who will help us in any situation, even when we feel lonely. When Daniel was about 90 years old, the Medes and Persians came to rule Babylon and Daniel was serving in the court of King Darius. When some royalty came

15. What lessons can we learn from the story of Daniel and his friends? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What difficult test did Daniel face in his old age?

How did Daniel’s friends help him when a difficult problem arose? (See paragraph 14)

God never abandons his friends (See paragraph 18)

Because of Daniel, they plotted to have him killed. They deceived the king into forbidding that anyone should pray to any god except the king. Daniel does not obey this command, so he is thrown into the lions’ den. He seemed to be left alone, for he had no human friend to help him. But was he really alone?—Dan. 6:4-1

17 Daniel 6:19-23 describes Daniel’s miraculous rescue. (Read.) While Daniel was in the lions’ pit, Jehovah God, the most powerful Friend anyone could have, rescued him from the lions. When the king came to the lions’ den in the morning, Daniel told him: “My God sent his angel and shut the mouth of the lions, (Dan. 6:22) Daniel's complete trust in his best Friend, Jehovah, sustained him when his life was in danger.

18 Some circumstances may cause you to isolate yourself from friends and family

17. Daniel 6:19-23, how did Daniel benefit from his friendship with Jehovah?

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (See photos and box “Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend.”)

goat. Perhaps you have been assigned to preach in a remote area, have had to move, have been confined by health or old age, or have even been imprisoned. Under these circumstances, you may feel lonely. If that happens, remember that God never abandons his friends. No matter where we are, Jehovah will protect and care for us. (Ps. 139:7-10) So be assured that Jehovah is watching over you and will sustain you.

WE WILL BE FRIENDS FOREVER

19 It is vital to have good friends now. What is the reason? Because they help us to make wise decisions as “the day of Jehovah” approaches. They also encourage and build us up. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11.) After saying that “the end of all things has drawn close,” the apostle Peter added: “Above all things, have intense love for one another.”—1 Pet. 4:7,

20 Good friends are a gift from Jehovah, and we need them now more than ever

The 19-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

20. What kind of friends would you like to have, and how do you benefit from making good friends?

22 PROTECTION

any other. So, like Daniel, make good friends. Look for Jeremiah-like individuals in your congregation who can encourage and guide you. Associate with people who will help you stay faithful to Jehovah. Humble yourself and ask others to pray for you if necessary. Above all, remember that Jehovah is your best Friend. He will never leave you. (Heb. 13:5) With Jehovah's help, we and our friends can endure whatever trials come our way today, and our friendships will last.

COVER SUBJECT: Daniel and his friends help each other to overcome temptation and remain faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend

If you find it hard to think of Jehovah as a Father or as a Reliable Person, what can you do? Try to do the following every day to draw closer to Jehovah.

● Talk to Jehovah: Pray to him often; he wants you to share your innermost thoughts with him.

● Obey Jehovah: To do this, read the Bible regularly. Learn about his qualities and actions to get to know him better.

● Be patient: It takes time for two people to trust each other and become close friends. Be assured that Jehovah wants to be close to you.

You can read more about this by visiting the article “How Can I Become God’s Friend” on jw.org.

HOW CAN GOOD FRIENDS HELP US . . . . . . . .

■ when we are tempted?

■ when we have difficult problems?

■ when we are isolated?

SONG 161 I Delight To Do Thy Will

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JAN

MUSIC 162 My Spiritual Needs

PURPOSE This article will encourage us to consider the daily text and give suggestions on how to do so.

Examine the Scriptures Daily

“They received the word with the greatest eagerness of mind, examining the Scriptures daily as to whether these things were so.”—ACTS 17:1 17:1

IN 1905, Jehovah's organization published the book Daily Heavenly Manna for Fellow Believers. The book contains a daily text and comments from Zion’s Watch Tower so that the brothers can consider them every day of the year. Jehovah's people used that same publication each year until 1927. Then the scripture and comments were included in the Yearbook.* As a result, each year the brothers had more scriptures and Watchtower comments to consider.

2 Beginning in 1986, the organization published the daily text in the booklet Examining the Scriptures Daily. This book is now published in over 300 languages. In addition, you can access the daily text on the JW Library® app, Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARYTM (wol.jw.org), and Watchtower Library once you have visited their introductory pages.

3 With so little time now, some of us find it difficult to consider the daily text.

* In languages ​​where the Yearbook was not then published, the daily text and comments were published in The Watchtower.

1-2 What has Jehovah’s organization done to help the brothers to consider the scriptures daily? What tools can we use today to find the daily text? 3. What might make it difficult for us to consider the daily text at times, and what will we consider in this article?

24

in the short term. This article will therefore consider three important questions. What Bible example will encourage us to examine the Scriptures daily? Why is it good to do this every day? And how do we do it?

WHAT WE LEARN FROM THE BEROIANS

4 The theme scripture for this article shows the positive attitude of some Jews in Beroea when Paul preached to them. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Bible says that these Beroeans “were filled with joy.” They did not listen to Paul with the intention of finding fault with him, but “received the word with the greatest eagerness of mind.” They compared what Paul taught with what they read in the Scriptures, and this convinced them that what he was teaching was true. The same thing we do when we hear talks at meetings or conventions. We too follow along in the Scriptures as the speaker reads. This gives us confidence that what he is teaching us is true.

5 The Beroeans “became believers.” (Acts 17:12) But a challenge lay ahead. Some Jews from Thessalonica came to Beroea to “stir up the crowds and incite them” against Paul’s teaching. (Acts 17:13) Yet, these new Christians were not intimidated. Their daily study of the Scriptures convinced them that they had found the truth, and this no doubt helped them to remain faithful. Similarly, daily consideration of God’s Word will help us when we face challenges in life.

4. What attitude did the Beroeans display when Paul preached to them? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did the Beroeans benefit from daily consideration of the Scriptures?

Bible Examples That Show Jehovah Wants Us to Serve Him Every Day

• The Mosaic Law required the priests to offer sacrifices daily.—Exodus 29:38-42; 30:7,

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the Law and meditate on it “day and night.” "Yes. 1:8, footnote.

• Jehovah commanded the kings of Israel to make a copy of the Law for themselves and to read it daily.—Deuteronomy 17:18-2

• The psalmist encourages us to take delight in God's law and to read in it “day and night.”—Ps. 1:1-3

• Daniel prays three times a day. "Dan. 6:1

• In the book of Revelation, the great crowd is described as rendering sacred service to God “day and night.”—Rev. 7:1

WHY EXAMINE THE SCRIPTURES DAILY?

6 We do daily Scriptural consideration because it keeps us focused on Jehovah and how to serve him. As our God, Jehovah deserves to take time to worship him each day. He loves us and wants us to have eternal life. (John 3:16) There are many examples in the Bible that show that he is pleased when we serve him every day. Many brothers have found that if they do

6. Why is the daily Scriptural examination necessary? (See the box “Bible Examples That Show Jehovah Wants Us to Serve Him Every Day.”)

OCTOBER

Daily consideration of the Scriptures also gives them the opportunity to pray, read the Bible, and meditate on it.

7 We have a daily Scripture discussion because it is a wise use of our time. (Read Ephesians 5:15, 16.) Think about it: Isn't it a wonderful way to save time by spending a few minutes learning about our loving Father, Jehovah?

8 We do daily Scripture study because it helps us cope with everyday problems. “Each day has its own troubles,” said Jesus. (Matt. 6:34) As Jesus said, we face challenges every day. However, Jesus also assures us that Jehovah is fully aware of our circumstances and needs. (Matt. 6:25-32) Scriptural consideration helps us to keep our minds off the problems and to focus on the help that Jehovah provides. (Ps. 68:19; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7) For example, a young sister was plagued by a guilty conscience over a past sin that she felt that Jehovah had not forgiven her. He prayed to Jehovah to assure him of his forgiveness. He then read the day's text, Psalm 86:5 It says: “You, O Jehovah, are good and ready to forgive; “I felt immediately relieved and thanked Jehovah for comforting me at just the right time,” she says.

7-8 What are some other reasons to examine the Scriptures daily? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

9 The daily text often reminds us to “trust in Jehovah” when we are in difficult situations. (Prov. 3:5, 6) For example, on the day of the Russia-Ukraine invasion, the text for the day was Isaiah 30:15: “You will be strong if you are confident in me.” This scripture was very comforting to the brothers in Ukraine. For example, a brother named Eduard says: “That scripture was very comforting. My wife and I read it that morning. Sister Svitlana adds: “Isaiah 30:15 became very important to us.

10 We do daily Scriptural discussion because it helps us resolve to be faithful. Our father needed the courage to reject the pressures of schoolmates and workmates, to share Bible truth, and to stand firm in the face of persecution. When Jehovah chose Joshua to lead the nation of Israel, he three times told him to be courageous and strong. To help Joshua do this, Jehovah told him to read the Book of the Law daily. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) The daily text and daily Bible reading will help us to be courageous and to remain faithful.

9. How did the day’s text benefit our brothers in Ukraine?

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100% and the value is 100%. (Joshua 1:6-9) (See also photos.)

26 PROTECTION

Daily Scriptural consideration strengthens us to be courageous (See paragraph 10)

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s, and is a veteran of the 2000s and 2001s. As a young man, Timothy was told by Paul to set an example in fatherhood, conduct, love, faith, and chastity, and to make his advancement manifest in these things. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) The daily text gives us the opportunity to meditate on what we can do to move forward in our worship of Jehovah. This will allow us to be guided by Jehovah's spirit and to think and act as he does at all times.—Rom. 8:5,

12 Daily Scriptural consideration prepares us for future responsibilities. We need young, mature brothers and sisters to help with the many activities in Jehovah's organization. For example, we need pioneers and missionaries, Bethelites and translators, and construction volunteers. We need zealous, humble young men to serve as ministerial servants, elders, and circuit overseers. Jehovah looks for trustworthy brothers who understand and apply Bible principles to take the lead in the organization. (Deuteronomy 1:13-15) A schedule of daily Scriptural discussion will help you to understand Bible principles and prepare you for responsibility.

HOW CAN YOU BENEFIT FROM THE EXAMINATION OF THE SCRIPTURES?

13 How can you consider the daily text? Bethel families around the world begin the day with a brief, heartfelt prayer followed by a discussion of the day's text. You too can begin your Scriptural discussion with a brief prayer that Jehovah will help you to hear

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s, and is a veteran of the 2000s and 2001s.

The 12-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s, and is a veteran of the 2000s and 2001s.

13. How can you consider the daily text?

OCTOBER

What will help you to avoid distractions when considering the daily text? (See paragraph 18)

which you are about to read. (Jas. 1:5) Then read the scripture and the comments. Then ask yourself such questions as: ‘How can this scripture strengthen my faith? What does it teach me about Jehovah that will draw me closer to him? How will it help me cope with the challenges I may face today?” If you consider the day’s text with family or friends, you can talk about it to encourage each other. (Rom. 1:12) Some brothers summarize the material so that it is easier to think about it throughout the day.

14 What else can you do to make your daily text more beneficial? You might try some of the following: (1) Underline and meditate on the key words in the Watchtower footnotes that accompany the text. (2) Read the cited scriptures in the comments. (3) Read the entire Bible chapter from which the day's text is taken. (4) Research in the Research Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses. (5) Read the other statements in

the study article from which the explanation is taken. If you are using a device, you can find the study article by clicking on the button that appears at the end of the description.*

15 Mackenzie, 19, describes her Scriptural fire: “If I just take a minute, even about five minutes, and patiently read the scripture and meditate on the explanation, I can remember what I discussed more easily.”

16 When should you conduct the Scriptural discussion? Choose a time that is appropriate for the whole fome. For example, some people do it before or after lunch, and some people do it before they take their children to school. The Examining the Scriptures Daily is placed on a table or in a blindfold so that it is not forgotten. However, if an emergency arises, you may need to be willing to change the schedule to another time during the day.

17 It is a good idea to set aside time specifically for Morning-

* The cover letter will show you the Watchtower issue of the article, the month it was published, and the pages and paragraphs from which the quotations are taken.

16. When should you consider the daily text?

17-1 Why is it good to set aside time for Scriptural discussion, and what will help you to keep it up every day? (See also photos.)

14-1 What else can we do, and what will help us to remember the day's text?

28 PROTECTION

examination of the scriptures. Otherwise, you won’t remember doing it. “If you don’t put the Scriptural discussion first, it will just keep getting worse,” says 16-year-old John. “The first thing I do when I wake up is to consider the Scriptures before the hustle and bustle of the day begins,” says 25-year-old Sierra. “I set my phone to remind me to do it every day,” says 21-year-old Rogelio.

18 Include Scriptural discussion in your daily routine, and strive to keep it on schedule. Fo avoid distractions. “Make a commitment not to do anything else or look at your cell phone until you’re done with the Scriptures,” says 19-year-old Isabelle. Olivia, 19, also says: “It helps when I do the daily text with my family or friends.

HELP YOUR CHILDREN EXAMINE THE SCRIPTURES DAILY

19 Parents, if you make sure that your family considers the daily text, it is easier for your children to develop a habit of doing so later in life. Even if the kids are young and can’t understand the day’s discussion, your daily routine will benefit them in the future. Just as small trees grow into mature trees when they are rooted in the water, so your children will grow spiritually when you spend a few minutes each day discussing the day's text with them.—Read Philippians 1:9,

20 Jesus said: “Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every utterance coming forth through Jehovah’s mouth.” (Matt. 4:4) We would never want to miss a day without food. How much more important, though, not to miss a day of Scriptural study, for it is the spiritual food that sustains our lives!

The 19-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s, and is a veteran of the 2000s and 2001s. Make an example of it. (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20. How important is spiritual food?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ For what reasons should we consider the day's text each day?

■ How can we make the Scriptural examination beneficial?

■ What tips from this article will help you to keep yourself in the Scriptures daily?

HADZIDZI 94

Thanksgiving For God's Word

Build Your Faith on Something Solid

WHEN you studied the Bible with Jehovah’s Witnesses, what convinced you that you had found “the one faith,” or the only way to worship God? (Eph. 4:4-6) Did the love among Jehovah's people move you to associate with them? Or were you impressed by their good conduct? There are many people who want to associate with God’s people, because they feel loved and safe among them. This is hardly surprising, for love and morality are the identifying marks of true Christians.—John 13:34, 35; 13:35; 1 Pet. 2:1

What if a brother offends you or treats you unkindly? Or what if a brother has committed a serious sin, such as that of the man in the Corinthian congregation? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you are convinced only by what people do and say that this is the truth, your faith will not be strong. What do you need to build your faith on to be strong?

WHAT YOU SHOULD BUILD YOUR FAITH ON

Your faith will be strengthened if you trust the truths you have learned from the Bible. How will this help you? Consider this example.

One day many of Jesus’ disciples turn away from him. Jesus' words about eating his flesh and drinking his blood are so disgusting that they decide not to follow him. “This is a hard saying,” they said.—John 18:3 6:56-60,

After this, Jesus asked his apostles: “You do not want to go also, do you?” Peter replied: “Lord, whom shall we go away to? You have sayings of everlasting life. 6:67-6

Why didn’t Jesus’ words offend Peter and the other apostles? They evidently based their faith on something solid, not on what someone said. “We have believed and come to know that you are the Holy One of God,” Peter said. These faithful ones know what they believe and why. When they compared Jesus’ actions and words with what they had learned from the Scriptures, they were absolutely convinced that Jesus was the Messiah. Believing this fundamental truth, they played strong faith and as a result, Jesus’ words did not bother them as it did others.

What can we learn from this incident? A thorough knowledge of Bible truth will help us to remain faithful to Jehovah even if a brother offends us. What is the reason? Because the truths contained in the Bible, such as God's name, purpose, and ransom, will never change. We may be upset by what people say or do, but such circumstances cannot change Bible truth in any way. So if we believe the teachings of the Bible and trust

30 PROTECTION

continues to believe that Jehovah’s organization has taught us the truth, no one’s actions will cause us to stop serving Jehovah.

The love and positive attitude of the brothers are truly encouraging. But even if we happen to be offended by a brother's conduct, we must-continue to trust what we have learned from the Bible. This will ensure that our faith will never fail. It will also help us to be sure that we are in the right society, no matter what individuals do.

Reading and studying the Bible regularly will strengthen our confidence in the truth of God’s Word. It will also give us complete confidence that we are serving God in the right way. All of this will help us to keep our faith strong, no matter what anyone says or does.—Ps. 16:8; see the box “Keep Yourself on the Path to Life.”

If you are convinced that this is the truth only by the actions and words of others, your faith will not be strong

Keep Staying on the Path to Life

Imagine that you are traveling by bus to a beautiful destination. A variety of factors will make this trip enjoyable, especially since you have in mind that you are going to a beautiful place.

But while you are in the car, some people are talking loudly or even the driver is not being nice. This can be very heart-breaking. But this is the only car that will get you to your destination. So just bear with it.

In the same way, we are all on our way to God’s new world. And we are happy to be part of his organization. But sometimes we may be upset by the actions of our brothers, or someone we trust may do something wrong that will discourage us. Yet, no matter what anyone does, only this organization will lead us into God's new world. So if we believe the truth of the Bible and trust the organization that taught us these truths, our faith will be strong and we will stay on this path of life.

OCTOBER

31

THE PRAYER ANNOUNCING JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

October 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 11 EWE

IN THIS FATHER

1926—A Century | 2

Study Article For December 7-13 | 6 Show Your Gratitude

Study Article For December 14-20 | 12 Help Jehovah Perform Miracles Today

Study Article For December 21-27 | 18 Good Friends Will Help Us Endure

Study Article For December 28–January 3 | 24 Examining the Scriptures Daily

Build Your Faith On Something Solid | 30

EXPERIENCE

Jehovah Rewards Us for Faith

A sister named Emma works five hours a day, three days a week, at a hotel. He asked his manager for permission to give him a day so he could attend our big convention. The manager refused, but informed him that from that day on he would be working five days a week and told him that if he did not agree, he would have to quit. Confident that Jehovah would care for her, Emma chose to quit her job so that she could attend the convention.

Emma wrote to resign. When he delivered the letter to the manager, he met the head of the department. The headmaster found out what was going on, and promised Emma that he would do something about the situation. Two weeks later, however, the manager fired Emma. Surprisingly, Emma meets the head of the company again. The headmaster is angry about the manager's dismissal of Emma. The headmaster settled the matter and arranged for Emma to work four hours a day, five days a week. This new arrangement is more enjoyable for Emma than the previous one, as it will give her more time for the ministry! Jehovah provided for his needs even more than he expected.

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Open the jw.org website, or scan this icon with your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.10-EW