OCTOBER

THE WATCHTOWER

IT ANNOUNCES THE KINGDOM OF JEHOVAH

STUDY CONTENTS:

DECEMBER 7, 2026–JAN

1926

A HUNDRED YEARS AGO

“THE sovereignty of God will soon be vindicated,” said The Watch Tower of January 1, “God will set apart men to bear witness,” it added.

In 1926, Jehovah, through the Head of the congregation, Jesus Christ, made it clear to Christians that the preaching work should be their top priority. As a result, “the faithful and discreet slave” produced new publications and adjusted the way congregation meetings were conducted. They also gave the brothers the most important Christian identity. (Matt. 24:45) Christ also helped them to obtain buildings and printing facilities to support the preaching work.

NEW PUBLICATIONS RELEASED, AND CHANGES IN MEETINGS

In April, The Golden Age, now Awake! announced the release of a new book, Deliverance. It would replace Studies in the Scriptures in the ministry. To meet the needs for the ministry, the brothers at Bethel purchased a new printing press, which could print 22 books per minute. Everyone to whom the Bible Students witnessed, if possible, was given a copy of the book.

For many years, the Bible Students studied Studies in the Scriptures at school, but beginning in May 1926, they began to study The Watchtower. How did it help them?

Little Bunker Hill asafo a ɛwɔ Illinois no tworɔɔ krataa bi kɔmaa Onua Rutherford. “Greetings from the Little Bunker Hill congregation,” they said. “On Sundays, we study the material that Jehovah's congregation has directed us to study.

“Hann foforɔ,” anaa nsakrae foforɔ a na ɛba no boaa Bible Asuafo no ma wɔde wɔn adwene sii asɛnka adwuma no so. For example, one Watchtower study explained that while it is appropriate to display good manners, courtesy, and respect, we must not neglect the most important work. Saa adesua asɛm no kaa sɛ: ‘Sɛ obi dɔ Awurade a, ɛsɛ sɛ odi ne mmara nsɛm so. Yehowa ka sɛ: Moyɛ m’adansefo, na mene mo Nyankopɔn. Sɛ obi yɛ Kristoni a, ɛsɛ sɛ ne ho pere no sɛ obedi Onyankopɔn ho adanse.’

Another Watchtower study emphasized that the most important way for true Christians to show their love for Jehovah is to serve him wholeheartedly. Saa adesua asɛm no hyɛɛ Bible Asuafo no nkuran sɛ, nsuo mu oo, awia mu oo, wɔnyere wɔn ho nka asɛmpa no nkyerɛ obiara.—Yes. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:1



2 THE WATCHTOWER

has been very encouraging and comforting. Now we don’t just read The Watchtower, we study.” The letter added: “Now everyone wants to participate in the study, and it is helping our congregation greatly.”

MEETINGS WERE HELD, AND THE BROTHERS WERE ENCOURAGED TO BE PERSEVERING IN THE PREACHING WORK

In late May, many Bible Students attended a convention in London, England. At the time, workers throughout Britain were on strike, so it was difficult to find a company to print for them. In that case, the brothers at Brooklyn Bethel spent many hours printing 117,000 copies of The Standard for the People. This booklet was distributed to the delegates to the London convention.

On Monday, May 29, the booklet was launched. That day, the convention program encouraged the brothers: “Every baptized person present at this convention should speak about Jesus and his Kingdom.

The brothers placed over 100,000 booklets. The Watch Tower of July 15, 1926, reported: “The brothers were overjoyed.

The next day, Brother Rutherford gave a talk at the Royal Albert Hall. It was entitled “Why the World’s Rulers Are Shaking Their Heads—The Solution.” Soon, as soon as the door opened, 13,000 people filled the place. For those who didn’t have access to the hall, large speakers were set up outside for listening.

In his talk, Brother Rutherford explained that the world's rulers are shaking their heads because they have rejected Jehovah and his Kingdom. He then criticized the League of Nations, saying it would soon lose its back.

THEY GO TO INDIA

While attending a convention in London, Brother Rutherford met a pioneer named Edwin Skinner. He was from Sheffield, England. After the convention, when he returned to Sheffield, Brother Rutherford asked him to meet him in London.

“I was pressured to ask me to serve abroad,” Brother Skinner said. Brother Skinner continued: “The next day I went to London

A. The book of Deliverance

B. Alexandra Palace

D. Royal Albert Hall, London

DELIVERY!

THAT

B

D

E. George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner while serving in India

E. George Draper

E

E

if he asks me to serve abroad, I won’t shake my head.” When he did arrive, Brother Rutherford asked him: “ If we told you to go to India, would you go?” “What day do you want me to go?” Edwin replied.

Three weeks later, in July, Edwin Skinner and George Wright sailed for India. Brother Wright was also a zealous evangelizer. Brother Skinner went to Bethel, where he oversaw the ministry throughout the country. He also supervised work in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), and Persia (Iran). Brother Skinner lived in India for 64 years until he finished his earthly course in

TRAVELING OVERSEERS LEAD THE PREACHING WORK

From about 1894 onward, Jehovah's organization sent representatives to visit the Bible Students, much like circuit overseers do today. In July 1926, the structure changed. Previously, it was held in one day, but now each team will be visited in five days. They also had to spend 100 hours a month in the ministry.

George Draper, a traveling overseer, wrote to the congregation. “Jehovah’s servants are like dogs guarding a house, so we need to warn people of impending danger,” he said. Brother Draper finished his earthly course in

CONFERENCE IN NEW YORK CITY

The last convention of the year was held October 14-18, 1926, in New York City. Brother Rutherford was to give a talk entitled “A Great World War Is Near.” Newspaper agencies agreed to advertise Brother Rutherford's talk. Shortly before the deadline, however, many prominent ones withdrew.

The brothers tried to make the newspaper's actions public. On Friday, October 15, Brother R. J. Martin released a new tract entitled Against the People. Its purpose was to expose the corporate actions and to advertise Brother Rutherford's talk. “We have started printing our literature with our own presses,” said Brother Martin. “Our brothers at Bethel will work day and night until 1,250,000 copies are printed, and we will have the brothers at this convention distribute them.” After the meeting on Friday, the brothers began distributing the tracts. By evening, 300,000 copies had been distributed.

On Monday and Sunday, more were distributed, bringing the total to 1,000,0 In addition, the brothers placed 3,783 copies of Deliverance and 35,140 tracts.

On Sunday, October 17, at 3:00 pm, some 12,000 attended Brother Rutherford's talk. After the talk, interested ones asked many questions. At that meeting, books were distributed.

4 THE WATCHTOWER

F. A newspaper; advertising Brother Rutherford's talk “A Great World War Is Near.”

G. Meeting held in October 1926 at Madison Square Garden in New York

for more than 9,000; until then, no meeting had ever been held to distribute so much literature.

BUILDING AT 117 ADAMS STREET

Because of the growing demand for our literature, the brothers taking the lead in Brooklyn saw the need to expand our printery. Years ago, a building had been renovated at 18 Concord Street; there was a printing press. However, as the project expanded, the space had become smaller. So the brothers bought a piece of land on Adams Street; it was near their existing site, and a large eighth-floor tower began to be built on it. Now they would have a larger space for printing.

The building under construction at 117 Adams Street was to begin operations in 1927. It would help the brothers prepare for the impending expansion. In 1927, more people came into the congregation, and Jehovah continued to prepare and cleanse them, so that in 1931 they could be called Jehovah's Witnesses.

The printery built at 117 Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York

OCTOBER

DECEMBER 7-13,

SONG

Thank You, Jehovah

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

Why we should appreciate things, and how to work hard to do so.

Always Show Appreciation

“Show yourselves thankful.”—COL. 3:1

JOHN,* aged 95, was very sick. So people were by his side watching him. Every day that someone came to visit, or did even the smallest thing for him, John thanked him. He had finished writing the person’s name in a notebook. When it was late and he was going to bed, he would ask some of his onlookers to kneel in front of his bed and pray. Then, for those who visited or did something to help her that day, she thanked Jehovah for touching the hearts of those. “Although John was weakened by old age and illness,” said one of his caregivers, “he was always happy and uncomplaining.” John’s story shows that even in the worst of circumstances, showing appreciation can bring happiness and satisfaction.

2 Sadly, though, many today lack praise. The Bible foretold that in the end times people would be wicked. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) Some forget to express appreciation for something they do for them. Others don’t see why they should thank someone for something they do for them, because they feel it’s the person’s duty. Such behavior is not at all; it is selfish.

3 As Jehovah's servants, we must not imitate the meanness of the world. The apostle Paul admonishes us: “Be thankful.” (Col. 3:15) When someone does something for us or helps us, the appreciation should be, not from the heart, but from the heart

* The name has been changed.

1. What do you learn from John’s story? (See also the photo.)

2. How do many people react today?

3. What will we consider in this study?

6

Appreciation is a source of happiness and peace of mind (See paragraph 1)

to thank him or to do something to show our appreciation for what he has done for us. To help us do this, let us consider three questions: (1) Why is appreciation important? (2) How to increase appreciation? (3) What are the possible ways to show appreciation?

WHY SHOULD WE BE APPRECIATED?

4 Lack of appreciation hurts us. The wicked are not happy. “Every day is bad for the afflicted one,” says the Bible. (Prov. 15:15) At times, we all face a challenge that can discourage us. Some of the problems we face are beyond our control, but what we do about them is up to us. If we always focus on what is wrong in our lives, every day will probably be a bad day for us. Such behavior, on the other hand, will destroy our happiness, as it will prevent us from seeing the positive things that are happening in our lives.

4. What is the potential for a lack of appreciation?

5 Appreciation helps us. A person who appreciates things is happy. “The one with a cheerful heart has a continual feast,” says the last part of Proverbs 15:1 A person with “a cheerful heart” focuses on and appreciates the positive aspects of his or her life, even when he or she is in trouble. When that happens, it distracts him from the negative things in his life. This makes her happy, and she always feels “at a party.”

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. Prayerful thanksgiving helps us to avoid being “anxiously overwhelmed.” Why are we saying that? Appreciation will keep us focused, not on tomorrow or the future, but on what Jehovah is doing for us right now. Focusing on how Jehovah has helped us so far will strengthen our faith, and our trust in him that

5. Why is appreciation a source of happiness?

6. Why can it be said that thanksgiving can be a source of relief? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

OCTOBER

Take time each day to reflect on how Jehovah is blessing you (See paragraphs 9-10)

he will help us in the future. That way, we won’t be overwhelmed by anxiety. (Matt. 6:25-34) Moreover, when we are suffering and we thank Jehovah in prayer and pour out our heart to him, he will give us “his peace,” which will calm us down.

7 Appreciation draws us closer to Jehovah. Everything good we have comes from Jehovah. (Read James 1:17.) He has given us so much; including the ransom and the hope of everlasting life. Why has Jehovah given us all these things? Not because we deserve it, but because of the love he has for us. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) When we appreciate Jehovah's love and goodness, we grow in love for him and become his dear friends.

HOW CAN WE INCREASE OUR APPRECIATION?

8 Meditate on the good things Jehovah has done for you in the past. You may have faced a difficult situation in your life. You may have lost a loved one in death, suffered a serious illness, or faced opposition to your faith. What helped you cope with each of these challenges? Looking back, you know for yourself that you could not have coped without Jehovah’s help. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) Meditating on how Jehovah has helped you in the past will deepen your appreciation for him.—Ps. 103:2

9 Meditate on how Jehovah is blessing you. The Bible admonishes us to “give thanks for everything.” (1 Thess. 5:18) Take time each day to reflect on how Jehovah is blessing you. You can do that at any time. You want to be able to do it in the morning, and have something to think about during the day. You can also do it in the evening if you want, so that you can go to bed without being overwhelmed. (Ps. 92:1, 2) You can imitate John, mentioned at the outset, by writing about the good things Jehovah has done for you. What are some of the best things you can throw away?

7. How does appreciation affect our relationship with Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. How does meditating on the good things Jehovah has done for us help us? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What good things does Jehovah do for you every day? (See also the photo.)

8 THE WATCHTOWER

10 First, think about what Jehovah did for you that day. (Ps. 40:5) Meditate on how Jehovah helps you spiritually. Thank him for the way he listens to your prayers, the comfort he gives you from his Word, the Bible, the Bible-based publications, videos, and JW Broadcasting. (Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Also, meditate on the good things he does for you physically. These include the beauty of the sunset, the taste of food, and the friendships we enjoy. All these blessings are due to the “life and breath” that God has given us. (Acts 17:25) For what else can you be grateful to Jehovah?—Eph. 5:2

11 Being part of a large family and serving Jehovah with your brothers and sisters brings you many blessings. Try to think of that blessing. (Ps. 133:1; Prov. 18:24) It may be that a brother or a sister has given you some practical help or has offered you some comfort. (Prov. 12:25; 16:24) Even the smallest things that our brothers do for us are part of the blessings that Jehovah gives us, and we should be grateful for them. To illustrate: A sister had lost her daughter in death, and because of her grief, she could not sing the song at class. “One day,” she explains, “a sister noticed that I was crying. So she quickly came up to me, put her arm around my neck, and finished singing with me. The sister's mere laying of her hand on the bereaved mother's neck brought her comfort and gratitude.

12. As you meditate on all that Jehovah has done and continues to do for you, your heart will be filled with appreciation. As mentioned earlier, when someone does something for us or helps us, the appreciation should not be felt, but rather we should thank or do something to show our appreciation. How do we do it?

WHAT ARE THE THINGS WE CAN DO TO SHOW APPRECIATION?

13. What are the possible ways to show appreciation? Let’s take a look at the mythology on which this study is based. After the apostle Paul admonished us to be grateful, he continued: “And whatever you do in word or deed, do all things in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him.” (Col. 3:15, 17) This shows that appreciation is expressed in words and deeds. Here, Paul was talking about giving thanks to Jehovah. But it is also pleasing to Jehovah when we show appreciation for what others do for us. How, then, can we show by our words or actions that we appreciate what others do for us? Let us consider some of them.

14 Use your words or words to show appreciation for what others do for you. Make it a habit to thank someone for even the smallest things they do for you. Whether it was a door opener, a word of encouragement, or a compliment, you can thank him. Sometimes you can send a text message, email, or you can write a letter to thank him. For example, have you or your family recently received an encouraging visit from an elder? You can throw something though

11-1 What blessings does Jehovah provide through our brothers?

The 13-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

14. How do you use your words or phrases to show appreciation for what others do for you? (See also the photo.)

OCTOBER

How can you show by your words and actions that you appreciate what others do for you? (See paragraph 14)

have gone to thank him. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) You can also occasionally express appreciation for the wives of elders. This, when they could have done something with their husbands, they sacrifice so that their husbands can help and encourage the congregation.

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. How do we do it? That is, we will pray to him from the bottom of our hearts. Remember, prayers vary. (Eph. 6:18) We may often pray with supplications or supplications. In such prayers, we ask Jehovah for something, perhaps the strength to endure trials or the wisdom to make good decisions. Or perhaps we have made a mistake and ask for forgiveness. However, when we meditate on the many good things Jehovah has given us, we are moved to thank him in prayer. (Ps. 95:2) Sometimes we can ask ourselves some questions to check the quality of our prayers. We might ask ourselves, 'Have our prayers become mere petitions, or do they often thank Jehovah?'

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

16 Take specific steps to show appreciation for what others do for you. When someone does something for you that touches your heart, do something to show your appreciation. Doing something for others makes us happy, so when someone does something for us, and we not only thank them verbally or in words, but also do something specific to show our appreciation. (Acts 20:35) They are also a great way to make others feel loved and happy. This makes us very popular.

17 When we consider the many things that Jehovah has done for us, we are moved to show our deep appreciation for what he has done for us. What can we do for Jehovah? The only way to do this is to present our bodies as “a living sacrifice” to him. (Read Romans 12:1.) This means that we will use our whole mind, heart, and strength to do Jehovah's will. What are some of the things that Jehovah wants?

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

17-1 There are a lot of nice guys out there who are able to help you out with your job and you can’t wait to get to know them.

10 THE WATCHTOWER

18 As we learned about Jehovah and saw what he had done for us, our appreciation for him deepened. This moved us to dedicate ourselves to him and get baptized. We didn’t stop there, we continued to give of our time, energy and resources. Therefore, we strive to read and meditate on his Word, the Bible, daily, and to share the good news with others. We also do our best to attend classes and to participate. Besides, we support the Kingdom work with our money and resources. (Ps. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) There is no doubt that we are grateful for what Jehovah has done for us.—Col. 3:23,

19 In the world we live in, many people are not praiseworthy. But we know the very importance of appreciation. We know that appreciation increases our happiness, calms our minds, and above all, draws us closer to Jehovah. When we meditate on all that Jehovah has done and continues to do for us, our hearts are filled with gratitude. Let us be determined to show appreciation for what others do for us in every way we speak and act. But most importantly, we need to let Jehovah know how much we appreciate all that he has done for us. If we do so, the blessings that our appreciative God will bestow upon us today and in the future are beyond measure.—Ps. 106:1; Heb. 11:6

The 19-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

PHOTO CAPTION Page 7: This photo shows what John did. Page 8: A sister is going through a difficult time, but she reflects on the blessings she has received from Jehovah; some are comforting fairy tales.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ Why should you appreciate things?

■ How can you increase your appreciation?

■ What are some ways you can show appreciation?

SONGS

Envision the New World

DECEMBER 14-20,

SONGS

Keep Working, Watch and Wait

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

We will see how Jehovah is using us to accomplish three miracles in our time.

12

Do Not Underestimate Your Privilege That Jehovah Is Working Miracles Through You

“By this all will know that you are my disciples.”—JOHN 13:35. 13:3

IMAGINE that you were there when Jehovah parted the Red Sea for the Israelites to pass through without the Egyptians. How excited you would be! Also, imagine watching Jesus heal the sick and raise the dead. Don’t you think it would have been so much fun? These are just a few of the miracles the Bible describes. Anyone who was sincere and honest who witnessed the miracles would acknowledge that God was behind them. (Matt. 15:31) But these miracles did not occur today. Do you see miracles happening today? Yes, some are happening. But what does it mean to be completely miraculous?

2 A miracle is something that human human power cannot do, or that he cannot fully comprehend. It is something that Jehovah does with his power. In this article, we will consider three miracles that Jehovah is performing among his people today. We can say that those things are miraculous, because, only Jehovah can make them happen. In each case, we will consider how we can be God's “fellow workers.”—Read 1 Corinthians 3:9

AMAZING INCREASES

3 Over 2,500 years ago, the prophet Isaiah foretold the increase of God's people in our time. (Read Isaiah 60:22, footnote.) Do you think this prophecy has come true? You see, in 1914, Jehovah's servants a

1-2 (a) What are some of the miracles described in the Bible? (b) What is a miracle, and what can each of us do? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can it be said that Jehovah’s people have become “a great nation”? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also picture.)

Since 1914, the number of Jehovah's servants has increased steadily (See paragraph 3)

2026 Over 9,000,000

1914 About 5,000

there are about 5,000 worldwide. But since then, the “little one,” that is, the minority, has grown to over nine million. There are more than 130 countries with fewer populations. Today, there is a worldwide community of people who love and serve Jehovah as never before in history. These people live in more than 240 countries. Although the number of Jehovah’s servants is small compared to some of the churches, everything points to the fulfillment of Bible prophecy. Yes, “the little one” has become “a great nation.”

4 There are some churches that are crowded, but you go to them for some reason. But we don’t do that. Also, we don’t follow God’s standards for the sake of the crowd. Instead, we have studied the Bible and applied its counsel. There are many of us who have had to change our mindset and make major changes in our lives. (1 Cor. 6:9-11)

4. Why is the growth of Jehovah’s servants remarkable?

After making these changes, we became publishers, and we began to invite others to join us in true worship. At some point, we dedicated ourselves to Jehovah to do his will, whether in the water or in the sun, and we were baptized.—Matt. 28:19,

5 The growth is miraculous, for Jehovah is our backer. Jesus made it clear that he would not take it lightly if he wanted to be his disciple. He said: “If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and continually follow me.” (Matt. 16:24) This means that Jesus' disciples need to realize that they will be hated, even killed, for their faith in Jesus. For example, Jesus said that his followers would be brought “before governors and kings,” and they would be tried. (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also foretold that the most powerful religious leaders would hate them. (John 16:2) Jesus also said that it rains

5. What did Jesus say would happen to his disciples?

OCTOBER

They Hated Them, But Their Numbers Diminished

During World War II, Jehovah's Witnesses were under intense pressure. But amazingly, the Witnesses grew in numbers. “The more you hated the Witnesses, the more they increased,” said one Nazi soldier.

While the war is still going on, look at what happened in the Netherlands too. The 1986 Yearbook reported: “Although many Kingdom publishers were arrested, deported, and killed by enemies, within two years their numbers had doubled. By 1943, the number had reached 1,3 in much affliction Jehovah blessed them and they increased greatly.”

one day families will be divided because of true worship.—Matt. 10:34-3

6 Jesus’ words came true; The Christians in the first century faced fierce opposition. Soon after Jesus ascended to heaven, the Jewish religious leaders did everything they could to stop the disciples from preaching. The apostles were arrested and brought before the Jewish High Court, the Sanhedrin. The religious leaders wanted to “put the apostles to death,” but a Pharisee named Gamaliel warned them: “Do not trouble these men. Let them alone. For if this teaching or this work is from men, it will be overthrown; (Acts 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Gamaliel, on the other hand, may have felt that he was being rhetorical, but he was speaking the truth. Even after the apostles were released, the religious leaders continued to hate them. But these faithful disciples were not discouraged; they continued to preach the good news, and many became disciples of Jesus. (Acts 6:7) How did it work? With God's backing, they continued to grow in numbers despite much opposition.—Acts 2:41; 1:8

7 Today, thousands of people are taking a stand for true worship despite being betrayed or bitterly opposed by family members, workmates, and others. Why are these other disciples determined to “pick up their cross”? (Matt. 16:24) They do so out of love for Jehovah and faith in his promise to care for them. Therefore, Jehovah also gives them “power beyond what is normal” to cope with the problems they face. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When family members hate them for their faith, they feel as did the psalmist. “Even if my own father and my own mother did leave me, even Jehovah himself would take me up,” he said. (Ps. 27:10) The trials and tribulations that people experience before becoming Jesus' disciples are not trivial. Yet, people keep coming into the truth. This is truly amazing.

6. Why did opposers fail to stop the early Christians from preaching?

7. How do Jesus’ disciples today imitate the early Christians? (See also the box, “They Were Hated, But They Were More Numbered.”)

14 THE WATCHTOWER

8 We can share in the miraculous work that Jehovah and Jesus are doing in drawing people to the congregation. We have the backing of Jehovah and Jesus in our work, for Jesus assured us: “I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.” (Matt. 28:20) In addition, angelic support in heaven supports us in the preaching work.—Rev. 14:6,

A WONDERFUL UNITY

9 The prophet Micah foretold another marvelous development in our time. That is the unity of God’s people. Jehovah inspired the prophet Micah to foretell the gathering of men and women to serve him in unity. (Read Micah 2:12.) Today, there are many people in God's organization who come from many backgrounds and backgrounds. This is proof that Micah's prophecy has come true. The psalmist David's words are well-known. “How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity!” he said. 133:1

10 The evidences of our unity are many in vain. For example, no matter where we are, we all learn the same things at congregation meetings, assemblies, and conventions. The brothers who serve at Bethel and who build congregation buildings around the world come from a variety of nationalities and languages. We love each other so much that no matter where someone comes from, their culture, their poverty, their wealth, or what is going on in their country, we don’t let anything separate us. Just think, because we live in a large family, wherever we go, we have brothers who are ready to provide for our material needs. They also encourage us to continue serving Jehovah. Never before in history have so many people from so many different backgrounds and languages ​​been united in serving Jehovah.

The unity we have is a miracle, because the world is divided. If you go anywhere in the world, it’s just watĩ-me-and-waka-me. When you listen to the news, all you hear is fights, riots, rebellions, demonstrations, violence, wars, and so on. So everything suggests that the world is very divided. The Bible foretold that there would be a time when people would be “disloyal, having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, betrayers, disobedient, haughty.” (2 Tim. 3:2-4) between the days; we continue to serve Jehovah happily together. (1 John 5:19; Rev. 12:9) This is also a miracle!

12 How can we protect the unity of Jehovah's congregation? It is to listen to and act on whatever Jehovah says. What we learn from the Bible helps us to be patient, and forgiving. It also prevents us from being judgmental and kind to others. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) Whenever we overlook the faults of our brothers, strive to avoid bitterness or harshness, or forgive them, we contribute to the unity of Jehovah's congregation. If we do

8. What can we do to help Jehovah's miracle of drawing people to the congregation?

9-10. What shows that Micah 2:12 is being fulfilled today?

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

12. How can we contribute to the unity of Jehovah’s congregation?

OCTOBER

Jehovah's servants have deep love for one another and for their fellow humans

(See paragraph 14)

then we have allowed Jehovah to work miracles through us in the congregation.

AMAZING

13 Jesus said that love would be the identifying mark of his disciples. (Read John 13:35.) The early Christians showed love for one another in many ways. They shared their wealth with those who had none. (Acts 2:44, 45) They prayed for their brothers who were being hated. (Acts 12:5) Widows and orphans were helped. (Jas. 1:27) Also, despite their extreme poverty, they gave to their brothers when they were in need. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) The historian Tertullian, who lived after the death of the apostles, said that the early Christians were described as “how they loved one another and how they were willing to die for one another.”

14 The early Christians loved one another, and God’s people today love one another. Even to those who do not serve Jehovah, we extend our love to them, so we share some of the good news with them. We voluntarily contribute to the preaching work; no one forces us, and we don’t pay tithes. Love for our brothers moves us to run to their aid when they are in need.* Moreover, we comfort and encourage one another to continue serving Jehovah joyfully. The apostle Paul said: “Speak consolingly to the depressed souls, support the weak, be long-suffering toward all.” (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has drawn us into a large family; the members of that family are very loving, and they love their neighbors.

15 The love among God's servants is outstanding, for the world is saturated with selfishness. The apostle Paul said that in these last days, “men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money,” and “lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God.” Even their relatives will “not feel sorry” for them, let alone

13. What is the characteristic of the early Christians? (John 13:35)

The 14-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (See also the photo.)

* For example, see the jw.org article “Disaster Relief in 2022—‘A Demonstration of Brotherly Love.’”

The 15-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

16 THE WATCHTOWER

they have had some for others. (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus foretold that people would betray and hate one another. He also said that “the love of the greater number will cool off.” (Matt. 24:10, 12) When you look at the world today, do you not see the fulfillment of what Paul and Jesus said? Nevertheless, Jehovah’s servants continue to love one another, for Jehovah backs them up with his power. Do you think it’s not surprising? It’s too amazing!

16. There is nothing more important than being appreciative and trying to be peaceable. (Mark 9:50) By continuing to show love in word and deed, we are proving ourselves to be servants of God. There are many ways to show love, but the most important thing is to allow Jehovah to use us to work miracles in his servants.

DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE OPPORTUNITY

The 17-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s, and is a veteran of the 2000s and 2001s. Although we are being hated, we are growing in love. The world is divided, but we are one. Although love has disappeared from the world, we love God and love one another. This means that we are true followers of Christ. (John 13:34) We are not just standing by and watching, but we are “God’s fellow workers” in his miraculous works.—1 Cor. 3:9

18 The world is full of trouble, but God's people are growing in unity and love. This is a very strange thing. These miracles give us great confidence that his promises for the future will come true. (2 Pet. 3:13) So let us be determined never to take for granted the privilege we have of being used by God to do miracles in our day!

The 16-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

The 17-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?

■ What can we do to help Jehovah’s miracle of drawing people to his congregation?

■ How can we support Jehovah's miraculous work of unity in his congregation?

■ How can we support Jehovah's miraculous work of promoting love in his congregation?

SONGS

True Love

DECEMBER 21-27,

SONGS

Jehovah's Plea: “Be Wise, My Son”

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

Associating with those who love Jehovah will help young ones to remain faithful to him.

Banu Sõ a, Emmia

“One man can dominate one, but two can make a stand against him.”—ECCL. 4:1

AS JEHOVAH'S servants, we know the vital importance of being faithful to Jehovah. But this is not easy. Because the world is bent on turning us away from Jehovah. One way is that they want us to share their view of friendship. For example, some think that it is not the character of the friends they have that matters, but the number of friends they have. There are many young people who look only to their peers for advice or comfort. There are others who feel they don’t need anyone, so they don’t make friends. What about Jehovah and Jesus? Do they want us to make friends?

2 Jehovah wants us to have friends who will help us to serve him well. When his Son, Jesus, was on earth, he made such friends. Shortly before his death, Jesus commended his faithful apostles: “You are the ones that have stuck with me in my trials.” (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) A true companion is there not only in good times but also in “times of distress.” (Prov. 17:17) Ecclesiastes chapter 4 verses 9-12* show that good friends help and comfort one another. (Read.) They also encourage each other to do what is right. When you have good friends like this and you are tempted to do something that Jehovah does not want, they help you

* Although this myth is often used to describe marriage, it is more about the value of friendship.

1. What is the world’s view of friendship?

2. (a) What kind of people did Jesus choose as friends? (b) In view of Ecclesiastes 4:9-12, how do good associates help us?

18

keep you on Jehovah’s side. When you do things in Jehovah’s service together with your friends, they can help you do something you never dreamed you could. It can also make your friendship last forever.

3. How does good association help young people to serve Jehovah faithfully? How can parents and mature brothers and sisters help young ones to make good friends? Let us consider some events in the life of the prophet Daniel. It will show how he was able to remain faithful to Jehovah in the face of a very difficult situation. We will also see how Jehovah encouraged Daniel when he was looking down on others.

GOOD FRIENDS HELP US SERVE JEHOVAH

4 When Daniel arrived, conditions in his homeland of Judah were in dire straits, for the Jews had pushed Jehovah's worship aside to pursue their own desires. So it had made Jehovah angry with them too. Finally, about 620 BCE, Jehovah allowed King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon to conquer Judah. (Dan. 1:2) Daniel must have been a young man at the time. A few years later, he was taken into exile, and sent to the city of Babylon for training. (Dan. 1:3-6) His assignment was not near his hometown, and he had no relatives.

5 What helped Daniel to cope with his experience in Babylon? The Bible tells us that “Daniel was determined in his heart” to obey God’s laws. (Dan. 1:8) As a young man, he likely received help to understand Jehovah's laws and to make the decision to serve Jehovah. Do you think his parents were among those who helped him? It can be that. Because the name Daniel means, "God Is My Judge. Perhaps his parents gave him that name because they wanted him to serve Jehovah wholeheartedly and obey his direction.—Deut. 6:6,

6 The example of the prophet Jeremiah must also have encouraged Daniel to serve Jehovah faithfully. Why can we say that? Let’s look at this; About 647 BCE, Jehovah commissioned Jeremiah as his prophet, beginning his work before Daniel was born. (Jer. 1:2) Many of Jeremiah's audience came from royal families, and some held high positions in the nation; Daniel's family was probably included. (Jer. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) We cannot be sure that Jeremiah and Daniel were friends. As a young man, however, Daniel knew little about Jeremiah's prophecies, and even as he grew older, he was still learning. (Jer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) Daniel must have learned from Jeremiah's courageous stand in the face of the apathy he faced.

7 Daniel's parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah certainly encouraged him to serve Jehovah. They must have helped him develop a very strong relationship with Jehovah.

8 Parents today can also help their children to develop a friendship with Jehovah. If you are a parent, ask yourself: ‘I have helped my children figure out what to do when their schoolmates

3. What will we consider in this study?

4. What challenge did Daniel face as a young man?

5-6 Who may have helped Daniel make the decision to serve Jehovah?

7-8 How can parents and mature ones help young ones to serve Jehovah faithfully?

OCTOBER

saluting the flag, singing the national anthem, or being politically harassed? Have I helped them know what to do when their students are pressuring them to do something wrong? And if they see something that is not there, have I taught them to take it off immediately? Also, have I taught them to be ready to take their stand on Jehovah's side during the great tribulation?” Parents, help your children to grow in love for God and in faith in him. How will you do it? You rarely have spiritual conversations. Also, help your children to be involved in class. When it comes to the ministry, you tend to do it with them less often. Associating with exemplary ones like Jeremiah builds faith and loyalty in Jehovah.

GOOD FRIENDS HELP US TO BE FAITHFUL TO JEHOVAH WHEN WE FACE TRIALS

9 When Daniel and some young Hebrews were taken into exile, they faced unprecedented trials. Once there, the Babylonians soon forced them to learn their language and culture. They were also trained to serve in the palace. But the training would test their faith.

10 The first test they faced, one might say this was no test. The king said that Daniel and the other young men should eat the same food he ate. Some of the foods were forbidden under the Mosaic Law. (Dan. 1:5, 8) The young men could have said that they were slaves, so they could not do whatever they wanted, and they could have ignored God's law and eaten the food. Or they might have felt that they did not want to do anything to upset the king. What would they do?

11 Of the young Hebrews whom the king chose to train them, only four proved faithful to Jehovah. They are Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. These four friends helped each other to resist temptation and remain faithful to Jehovah. They resolutely refused the king’s food in proof of their identity as servants of Jehovah. They were blessed by Jehovah for their efforts.—Dan. 1:6-12,

12 As a young person, do you ever feel pressured to do things that you know you shouldn’t? Daniel and his friends helped each other, so they were able to make the right decision. So you, too, should choose as your friends those who are determined to be faithful to Jehovah and separate from the world. (1 John 2:15-17) Good friends can help you to be faithful to Jehovah even in small things, and Jehovah will bless you. (Luke 16:10) Faithfulness to Jehovah in small things will help you to remain faithful when greater tests come in the future.

WHEN WE FACE EXCITING PROBLEMS, GOOD FRIENDS HELP US TO COPE

13 When we face serious problems or trials, good friends help us to cope. Consider a problem that Daniel and his friends faced when King Nebuchadnezzar had a dream

9. What challenge did Daniel and some young Hebrews face in Babylon?

10. What was the first test the young Jews faced?

11. Daniel and his friends helped each other. (See also cover photo.)

12. What will help young people resist temptation?

13. What severe test did Daniel and his friends face?

20 THE WATCHTOWER

which left him confused. He wanted to know the meaning of the dream. So he summoned all the magicians and enchanters and sorcerers who were in Babylon. Instead of the king telling them the dream, and the interpretation, he did not. Instead, he told them to tell him the dream, and to reinterpret it. What human being could do this? (Dan. 2:3, 9-11) The king told them that if they could not tell the dream and interpret it, then the Antwi was not killed; he will kill them all. In that case, Daniel and his friends would die too, because they were among the wise men of Babylon. Through all this trial, what did Daniel and his three friends do?

14 Daniel went in and asked the king to grant him time and to explain the dream to the king. Daniel then reported the incident to his friends. The Bible says: “He told them to pray to the God of the heavens that he might show them favor concerning this secret, that Daniel and his companions might not be put to death with the rest of the wise men of Babylon.” (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah, in turn, responded to their prayers by revealing the dream and its interpretation to Daniel. As a result, Daniel and his companions were spared, and the king honored them with high positions in Babylon.—Dan. 2:19, 47-4

15 There are many lessons in that. First, if you are facing a trial, you can seek help. Never let pride or shyness stop you. Second, don’t hesitate to have others pray for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Also, remember that Jehovah can answer your prayers and those of others in a surprising way. Jehovah is the “Hearer of prayer,” so he will help us to cope with our problems, no matter how difficult they may be. (Ps. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) Friends who serve Jehovah can help us to cope with life's problems or trials.—Read Galatians 6:2

THE BEST FRIEND WHO CAN HELP US IN ANY SITUATION

16 When we are in a trial, and it is only to us, and we close our eyes and it is not in front of anyone, Jehovah is with us

14. Daniel and his friends helped each other. (See also the photo.)

15. What do we learn from the story of Daniel and his friends? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What test did Daniel face in his old age?

When Daniel faced a major challenge, how did his friends help him cope? (See paragraph 14)

Do you think it’s true that God’s friends are lonely? (See paragraph 18)

the best friend who can help us. When Daniel was about 90 years old, the Medes and the Persians attacked Babylon, and King Darius took control of Babylon. Some in the court were jealous of Daniel's position, so they plotted to kill him. The king was deceived into making a decree that it was against the law for anyone to come down to the king to inquire of any other god. Daniel did not let the law stop him from continuing to pray to Jehovah, so he was thrown into the lions’ pit. There, he had no friend to help him, so he was left alone. But do you think he was really alone?—Dan. 6:4-1

17 Daniel chapter 6 verses 19-23 reveal the miraculous way that Jehovah cut Daniel off. (Read.) When he was thrown into the lions' pit, Jehovah sent an angel to protect him. The next day when the king went to the lions’ den, Daniel told him: “My God sent his angel and shut the mouth of the lions, Yes, Jehovah proved to be the most powerful Friend we could ever have! (Dan. 6:22) Daniel had so much faith in Jehovah that when his life was in danger, Jehovah intervened to save him.

18 We too may face loneliness or separation from friends. A congregation assignment may require that we move, or we may need to move. Or we may have been stricken with illness or imprisoned for our faith. In such situations, it is very important to remember that as a friend of Jehovah, he will never withdraw from us. He has promised to protect and watch over us wherever we go. (Ps. 139:7-10) So have faith that no matter what hole you are in, Jehovah sees you and will help you.

FRIENDS WE WILL NEVER LOSE

19 Good friends are the most important thing to have. Why is it so? Because the Bible tells us that in these last days, they are not with us. They help us make good decisions, and

17. Daniel 6:19-23 shows that the strong relationship between Jehovah and Daniel helped Daniel.

The 18-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (See also the picture and the box “Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend.”)

The 19-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 THE WATCHTOWER

they also encourage us. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:11.) The apostle Peter urged us to intensify our love for one another because “the end of all things has drawn close.”—1 Pet. 4:7,

20 Good friends are a gift from Jehovah, and we need them especially now. So imitate Daniel and make friends. They are the ones in your congregation who, like Jeremiah, can encourage you, and give you guidance. Your friends should be the ones who will help you stay faithful to Jehovah. If you are having a problem, don’t be shy about having others pray for you. Remember, though, that Jehovah is the best friend you can have; he will never turn his back on you. (Heb. 13:5) Jehovah will help us to cope with any trial we may encounter, and he will help us to make lasting friendships.

20. What is the most important factor in choosing the right friends, and what are the benefits of having them?

COVER PHOTO Front: Daniel and his friends helped each other to resist temptation, and they remained faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, And Our Friend

If you find it difficult to see Jehovah as a reliable Father, what can you do? Then set a goal to do the following every day to draw closer to Jehovah.

• Communicate with Jehovah: Jehovah wants you to pour out your heart to him, so often pray to him.

• Let Jehovah speak to you: Read the Bible and engage in personal study. That will help you to see his beautiful qualities, and how he helped his servants in the past.

• Be patient: Remember, trusting someone and becoming a companion does not take place overnight. You can be sure that Jehovah wants to be your friend.

For more information, see chapter 35 of the book Questions Young People Ask—Answers That Work, Volume

HOW CAN GOOD FRIENDS HELP US . . . . . . . .

■ when facing temptation?

■ when facing a serious problem?

■ when we are lonely?

SONGS

I Will Do Your Will With Joy

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JAN

PSALM 162 His Word Will Be My Food

WHAT THIS STUDY WILL COVER

Why it is important to have a daily text, and the ways to do it.

Regular Examining the Scriptures

“They received the word with all readiness of mind, carefully examining the Scriptures daily.”—ACTS 17:1 17:1

IN 1905, Jehovah's organization published a book entitled Daily Divine Manna for the Household of Faith. It is published in many languages. This book is based on the myths and articles from Zion’s Watch Tower. This gave the brothers a daily reading of a myth and its explanation. Jehovah's people used this same book until 1927 without any changes. From then on, the daily text was included in the Yearbook.* This helped the brothers to obtain more scriptures and to discuss Watchtower articles that explained the scriptures.

2 In 1986, the congregation began publishing a brochure for the myths to be considered and explained. It was called Examining the Scriptures Daily. We now publish this brochure in over 300 languages. Also available on the JW Library® app, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARYTM (wol.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

3 Because of our busy schedule, some of us find it difficult to have a daily text. Therefore, let us consider three questions. First, what Bible examples can motivate us to have a daily text? Second, how does regularity benefit us? Finally, what suggestions can help us improve our daily presentation?

* In languages ​​where the Yearbook had not been translated, the monthly issue of The Watchtower featured the scriptures on which the daily text was based, and the source of the scriptures was shown.

1-2 (a) What publication did Jehovah's organization provide a daily theme? (b) Where can we find the daily text today?

3. What might make it difficult to do the daily text, and what questions will we consider in this study?

24

ENCOURAGING BIBLE EXAMPLES

4 The scriptures on which this study is based tell us how some Jews in the Macedonian city of Beroea responded to the apostle Paul's teaching. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Beroeans were ready to listen to whatever the apostle Paul said. As a result, the Bible described them as having “a sound mind” and “receiving the word with all their heart.” They compared what Paul taught with what the Scriptures say, and they found it to be true. When we listen to a talk in a class or a meeting, we do something like that. When the speaker is reading the Bible, we look at ours next. That confirms the speaker’s point.

5 “Many of the Beroeans became believers.” (Acts 17:12) But a problem was looming. Some Jews from Thessalonica came to Beroea and spread slander against the apostle Paul, causing a riot against the newly converted Beroeans. (Acts 17:13) But that did not intimidate them. Because of their constant search of the Scriptures, they were convinced that they had found the truth. This did not shake their faith. Regularly examining the Scriptures will help us to endure whatever trials we may face.

WHY SHOULD WE DO IT EVERY DAY?

6 We show Jehovah that we love him and that we care about his service by making a daily statement. Jehovah is our God, so it is vital that we serve him.

Bible Examples of Daily Service

• The Mosaic Law required that Jehovah's people offer sacrifices daily.—Ex. 29:38-42; 30:7,

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the book of the Law and meditate on it “day and night.”—Josh. 1:8, footnote.

• Jehovah told the kings of Israel to keep a copy of the Mosaic Law and to read it in an undertone daily.—Deut. 17:18-2

• The psalmist urged us to read God's law and meditate on it “day and night.”—Ps. 1:1-3

• Daniel prayed three times a day.—Dan. 6:1

• The book of Revelation says that a great crowd render sacred service to God “day and night.”—Rev. 7:1

He loves us and wants us to have eternal life. (John 3:16) There are many examples in the Bible that show that serving Jehovah brings satisfaction to his heart. Many have found that having a daily text before going to work gives them time to pray, read the Bible, and meditate.

7 We do a daily text every day to show that we are making the most of our time. (Read Ephesians 5:

4. When the apostle Paul taught the Beroeans, what did they do? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did the Beroeans benefit from their daily examination of the Scriptures?

6. Why is it important to have a daily text? (See the box “Biblical Examples of Daily Service.”)

7-8 What else should we do every day? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

OCTOBER

15, 16.) It is good to take some time each day to learn about Jehovah and to seek his guidance.

8 Daily text helps us cope with the day’s problems. Jesus said that each day has “its own troubles.” (Matt. 6:34) His words are true; every day we face many problems. But right where that is, Jesus assures us that Jehovah sees what we are going through, and he knows all our needs. (Matt. 6:25-32) Daily participation in the text helps us to focus on the help that Jehovah provides. (Ps. 68:19; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7) For example, one young sister felt that Jehovah had not forgiven her for a mistake she had made. He prayed to the Lord to let him know that he had forgiven him. Then he looks at the daily text for that day, which is Psalm 86:5 It says: “You, O Jehovah, are good and ready to forgive; and the loving-kindness to all those calling upon you is abundant.” “I immediately felt relieved and happy that Jehovah had comforted me,” she said. “The experience was very encouraging;

9 The daily text often reminds us that when we are in trouble, we need to trust in Jehovah. (Prov. 3:5, 6) Consider the case of Ukraine. On the day the Russian-Ukrainian conflict began, the daily text was Isaiah 30:1 “If you trust in me and do not let your hearts be troubled, you will be strong,” it says. That was a comfort to the brothers in Ukraine. For example, a brother named Eduard said: “That daily text was like a breath of fresh air. That day, my wife and I got up early for the daily text and prayed. “The words of Isaiah 30:15 were just what we needed,” said Svitlana.

10. The daily text helps us to be determined to be faithful to Jehovah. We need courage to lie ashes about our students and colleagues. Also, sharing Bible truths and remaining faithful to Jehovah in the face of trials requires courage. When Jehovah appointed Joshua to lead His people Israel, He three times urged him to be courageous and strong. Jehovah also told him to read the book of the Law daily; that would give him courage. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) A daily routine of daily Bible reading will help us to muster up courage and to keep our faith strong.

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s. Paul admonished young Timothy to exert himself to grow in speech, conduct, love, faith, and chastity. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) The daily text gives us an opportunity to meditate on how we can grow spiritually. A person who is serious about Jehovah's service strives to imitate Jehovah's thinking and does his best to live by Jehovah's laws.—Rom. 8:5,

12 Daily text prepares us for any assignment we may receive in Jehovah's service.

9. How did the daily text help the brothers in Ukraine?

The 100% satisfaction rate is 100% and the value is 100%. (Joshua 1:6-9) (See also photo.)

The 11-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

12. What opportunity is open to the brothers who love Jehovah, and what do they do to prepare for that opportunity?

26 THE WATCHTOWER

Reading the Bible daily gives us courage (See paragraph 10)

in the service. The congregation of Jehovah is moving ahead, so we need brothers who love Jehovah to come and test the work. We need brothers who can serve as pioneers, missionaries, Bethelites, construction workers, and translators. We need young men who are diligent and humble to serve as ministerial servants, elders, and circuit overseers. The men whom Jehovah is seeking to take the lead in the congregation must be faithful men whom we can trust. They also need to be able to apply Bible principles. (Deut. 1:13-15) Daily study of the text will help you to apply Bible principles and will prepare you for any assignment you may receive in the congregation.

THE METHOD OF DOING IT

13. What is the best way to do it? Every Thursday through Friday morning, each Bethel family around the world meets for a brief prayer, followed by the daily text. You too can pray before your daily text to help you understand and apply what you are going to read. (Jas. 1:5) After you have read the mythology on which the daily text is based, and the explanation. After reading, ask yourself: ‘How will this daily text help me strengthen my faith? How will this reading help me draw closer to Jehovah? If I face a challenge during the day, how will this daily text help me cope?” If you are doing the daily text with family or friends, you can use the material to encourage each other. (Rom. 1:12) Some do this by summarizing the daily text in three or four words so that they will remember it for the rest of the day.

14 If you are looking for other ways to do the daily text, try some of the following. (1) Highlights of the daily text

The 13-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5

14-1 What other ways can you do the daily text, and what will help you remember?

OCTOBER

What will help you stay focused on the daily text? (See paragraph 18)

you can slow down and meditate. (2) Read the verses introduced in the daily text. (3) Read the entire chapter, where the mythology on which the daily story is based is taken. (4) Include more information on the daily text from the Research Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses. (5) The Watchtower study article from which the daily text was taken, you can read and add some of the paragraphs. If you are using your phone or tablet to do the daily text, you will find a link to the Watchtower magazine from which the daily text was taken at the end of the daily text. Clicking it will open the Watchtower for you.*

15 A young sister named Mackenzie shared something that helps her to remember the daily text each day. “Even adding 5 minutes to my daily text helps me not to rush it,” she says. “I take time to read the proverb and the explanation, and I meditate on it;

16 When can you do the daily text? You can schedule it to help your family.

* The link to the Watchtower from which the daily text was taken is as follows: You will see the year and month of the issue, as well as the page and paragraph from which the daily text was taken.

16. When can you do the daily text?

For example, some families have the daily text during breakfast, or before their children go to school. To help them remember, they keep a copy of Examining the Scriptures Daily on their desk, where they will always find it so that they will not forget it. But anything can happen, so if you need to, you can postpone it to your advantage.

17 Why should you set aside a specific time for the daily text? Because if you don’t want a specific time to do it, you’ll just find out and the day will end without you. “I’m doing and I’m doing, it’s about not getting it done,” says John, a 16-year-old young brother. Sierra, also a 25-year-old sister, says: “I try to do the daily text first thing each morning before the day's activities take up my time.” Rogelio, a 21-year-old brother, also said: “I often turn on my cell phone to remind me to do the daily text each day.”

17-1 Why should you set aside a specific time for the daily text, and what will help you to keep it in mind? (See also the photo.)

28 THE WATCHTOWER

18 Do your best to stick to your daily text reading schedule; let nothing distract you. Isabelle, a 19-year-old sister, says: “Tell yourself that if you haven’t finished the daily text, you won’t press it, or do anything on it. Olivia, also 19, says: “One of the most helpful things is having someone to do the daily text with; it can be family or friends.

HELP YOUNG PEOPLE MAKE IT A DAILY WORD

19 Parents, if you make it a habit to do the daily text with your children every day, they will stick to doing it, and they will continue to do it every day even when they are older. Even if they learn to understand anything, because you do it every day, they will learn to do it regularly. For example, it is like planting a small seed in the ground. If you water it daily, it can grow into a sturdy tree. Similarly, if children learn about Jehovah a little each day, they will grow up to be strong believers in him.—Read Philippians 1:9,

19. How does a daily conversation between parents and children benefit the children? Explain with an example. (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20 Jesus said: “Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every utterance coming forth through Jehovah’s mouth.” (Matt.

Make Sure Your Faith Is Solidly Foundationed

WHEN you studied the Bible with Jehovah’s Witnesses, what convinced you that you had found “the one faith,” the only way to worship God? (Eph. 4:4-6) Did the love among Jehovah's Witnesses draw you to them? Or is it their honesty and good manners? The reason many people have joined the servants of God is that God’s congregation shows them genuine love and makes them feel secure. If they feel that way, they are right, for true Christians are identified by love and good conduct.—John 13:34, 35; 13:35; 1 Pet. 2:1

However, suppose a fellow Christian has hurt you or shown you no love, or he has committed a serious sin that everyone is talking about. His sin may be similar to that of the Corinthian congregation in the apostle Paul's day. What would you do if something like that happened? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you allow the actions or words of others to destroy your faith, you are showing that the foundation of your faith is weak. How can you prevent such a thing from happening?

HOW DO YOU BUILD YOUR FAITH?

What you learned from the Bible will strengthen your faith as you continue to seek evidence of its truthfulness. Think about this.

Once, Jesus told his followers that they should eat his flesh and drink his blood. “This speech is shocking,” many of his disciples said. What

Jesus' words stumbled many of them, and they stopped following him.—John 6:6 6:56-60,

Then he asked his apostles: “You do not want to go also, do you?” Peter replied: “Lord, whom shall we go away to? You have sayings of everlasting life. 6:67-6

Why did Jesus’ words not stumble Peter and the other apostles? Their faith was based on a solid foundation, not just emotion. “We have believed and come to know that you are the Holy One of God,” Peter said. These faithful apostles knew what they believed and why. They compared what Jesus said and did with what they knew from the Scriptures, and they came to believe that Jesus was the Messiah. Therefore, when some stopped following Jesus, their faith did not waver.

What can we learn from this story? That is, what we know is far more important than how we feel. Why is it so? Because, feelings can change when someone doesn’t treat us right. But the truths we have learned from the Bible, such as God’s name, purpose, and the ransom, can never be changed by anything anyone says or does. So if we truly believe what the Bible teaches, and if we also believe that Jehovah is directing his organization, then we will not allow anyone to stumble us from serving Jehovah.

The love and good manners of our brothers and sisters are a source of joy. But if one sleeps a character

30 THE WATCHTOWER

even if we are disturbed by improper expressions, our knowledge of Bible truth will not shake our faith. This will convince us that we are in the right religion. Therefore, we will not be stumbled by the impropriety of a few.

A good routine of daily Bible study will strengthen the truths we have learned from the Bible. It will also help us to see that we belong to the only religion that God approves. This will show that our faith is based on a solid foundation. Then, no matter what others say or do, our faith will never waver.—Ps. 16:8; see the box, “Never Stray From the Right Path.”

If you allow the actions or words of others to destroy your faith, it means that the foundation on which your faith is based is weak

Never Deviate From The Right Path

Imagine that you are driving a long distance to a beautiful place. We are confident that you will start the journey with joy.

Along the way, there may be things that will upset or disturb you. Some of your passengers may be making noise in your ear. The captain, too, may not be comfortable with the way he talks to you or treats you. When something like that happens, that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t have taken that car. Instead, to get to your destination, you have to stay in the car.

We too are like a car that is traveling to God’s new world, and we are happy to be in God’s congregation. After all, sometimes a fellow Christian does something that hurts us deeply. Or someone we respect may commit a serious sin to our surprise. But that’s not to say, this isn’t the car we should have taken. We have him in the very congregation of God; there is no more space. The facts we have learned from the Bible, if we have strong faith and also believe that God is guiding us through His organization, will strengthen our faith, and we will never deviate from the right path.

THE WATCHTOWER

IT ANNOUNCES THE KINGDOM OF JEHOVAH

October 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 11 ENGLISH

CONTENTS OF THIS WATCH

1926—2 Centuries

Study Article December 7-1

Always Show Appreciation

Study Article December 14-20 12

Do Not Underestimate Your Privilege That Jehovah Is Using You to Do Miracles

Study Article December 21-27 18

Banu Sõ a, Emmia

Study Article December 28–January 3 24

Regular Examining the Scriptures

Make Sure Your Faith Has a Solid Foundation 30

This book, we don’t sell. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People voluntarily donate to support the project. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

OSUAHU

Jehovah Blesses Those Who Have Faith

Emma worked three days a week at a hotel. He also goes and works nine hours. When the convention came due, he went to ask his boss for a day off so he could attend. Not only did the manager refuse, but he told him that, from that day on, he would work six days instead of three. He then added that if he didn’t agree with the new plan, then he didn’t assume he had shown up. Emma decided to quit her job so that she could attend the convention, and she trusted in Jehovah to care for her.

After the meeting, when Emma submitted her resignation, she met with the hotel manager. When the manager heard what had happened, he promised Emma that he would talk to the manager himself and let her continue her work. But two weeks later, Emma's boss told her he had fired her. When Emma didn't have sex, she met the hotel manager again, and she was upset that the manager had ignored her and had fired Emma. He immediately reinstated Emma, ​​offering her six days a week. Interestingly, instead of working nine hours, he worked only four hours a day. This new arrangement proved to be much better than the old one, as it allowed her to pursue her pioneer service and other activities in Jehovah’s service. He is completely amazed at how Jehovah provided for him.

Visit the jw.org website in English, or scan this icon with your device

JW .ORG ®

w26.10-E