SEPTEMBER

THE PRAYER OF JEHOVAH'S KINGDOM

STUDY ARTICLES FOR: NOVEMBER 2–DECEMBER 6,

NOVEMBER 2-8,

HADZIDZI 3

You Are Our Strength And Our Hope

THE GOAL

In this article, we will see why we can be sure that Jehovah will protect us now and in the future.

Be Confident That Jehovah Will Protect You

“You have said: 'Jehovah is my refuge.'”—PS. 91:9

WE ARE nearing the end of the last days. And soon there will be remarkable things happening around the world. Jehovah will put it into the hearts of the nations to carry out “his thought”—to “give their kingdom to the wild beast,” the United Nations.* (Rev. 17:17) Then, the increasingly powerful wild beast and its allies will destroy all false religion. (Rev. 17:16) That will be the beginning of the great tribulation. What’s next?

2 That is, the governments of the world will be united against Jehovah's people. (Ezek. 38:14-16) Why? The book Jehovah's Pure Worship—Finally Restored! says: “Satan will stir up the nations to deprive the nations of both true worship and pure worship on earth.” After that, the main event will play out; it is the battle of Armageddon. Jesus will lead the 144,000 and the angels to destroy the wicked and save the faithful. Satan's world will pass away, and we will begin a new life in the new world.—Rev. 16:14-16; 19:11-2

3 Should we be afraid when Jesus and his heavenly armies destroy Satan's wicked system at Armageddon?

* See “Questions From Readers” in the November 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

1-2 What significant events are soon to take place?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

No! What is the reason? Because Jehovah promises to protect us. That promise is found at Psalm 91:7: “A thousand will fall at your very side, and ten thousand at your right hand; Let us now examine Psalm 91 to answer the following questions: What kind of protection does Jehovah promise his people? How is Jehovah protecting us now? How will Jehovah protect us in the future? But first, let’s see what Psalm 91 is about.

A PSALM EMPHASISING JEHOVAH'S PROTECTION

4 The main theme of Psalm 91 is that Jehovah will protect those who trust in him. This is evident in verses 1 and (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Jehovah is the Almighty, the Most High, so we can be absolutely sure that he will protect us if we take refuge in the shadow of his tent. Is there a safer game of hide-and-seek? (Ruth 2:12; Ps. 17:8) The words “refuge” and “fortress” call to mind ancient fortified cities. These walls protected the city's inhabitants, and even those living outside the walls could flee into the city for safety. In Psalm 91:3-13, the psalmist uses touching words to assure us that Jehovah can protect us in any situation.

5 Beginning at Psalm 91:14, the text shifts from the psalmist’s words to Jehovah’s own explanation. Jehovah promises his servants protection. (Read Psalm 91:14-16.) In these verses, Jehovah repeatedly promises to protect his people because they trust in him, know his name, and pray to him. We can completely trust Jehovah because he keeps all his promises. (Josh. 23:14) There is no doubt that he will protect his people!—Num.

6 Jehovah inspired the psalmist to write the words of Psalm 91 to give us comfort and confidence. (Rom. 15:4) The psalmist expressed confidence in Jehovah's protection when he said: “You are my refuge and my stronghold.” We can have the same confidence in Jehovah. (Ps. 91:2) But what kind of protection does Jehovah promise his people?

WHAT KIND OF PROTECTION DOES JEHOVAH PROMISE IN PSALM 91?

7 Our publications have previously explained that Psalm 91 is about Jehovah's protection. We can be sure that Jehovah will always provide us with all that we need to maintain our relationship with him. But is this psalm only about spiritual protection? No. Jehovah promises to protect his people physically and emotionally and to deliver them from their enemies. How do we know that this psalm is not just about spiritual protection?

8 Satan quoted Psalm 91 when tempting Jesus. Jesus’ response gives us a glimpse of the kind of protection this psalm is about. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.)

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 help us to trust in Jehovah’s protection?

5-6 (a) What promise does Jehovah make at Psalm 91:14-16? (b) What can we be sure of?

7. What kind of protection does Jehovah promise in Psalm 91?

8-9 How did Jesus respond to Satan's temptations, and what does this tell us? (Matthew 4:5-7)

SEPTEMBER

Satan pointed to Psalm 91:11, 12 to show that God would protect Jesus physically, saying that if Jesus threw himself off the roof of the temple, the angels would guard him. How did Jesus respond to him? Jesus did not tell Satan, “You are pregnant, this psalm is not about physical protection.” Instead, Jesus told him: “You must not put Jehovah your God to the test.” What can we learn from Jesus’ response?

9 Jesus was well-aware that Jehovah had at times used angels to protect His people from harm. (2 Ki. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) But Jesus knew that if he acted foolishly and unnecessarily risked his life, he could not expect Jehovah to protect him. So when Satan pointed to Psalm 91 to show that God would protect his servants physically, he was right. But what he suffered was that he asked Jesus to do something foolish to test Jehovah.* Jesus' response to Satan shows that Psalm 91 is about Jehovah's protection in all aspects: spiritual, physical, and emotional.

10 Jehovah's promises in Psalm 91 are reassuring. Because they assure us that Jehovah is our Refuge and will protect all who trust in him. So we need not fear the dramatic events that will happen in the world in the future. Let us now consider how Jehovah is protecting us now and how he will protect us in the future.

HOW DOES JEHOVAH PROTECT US NOW?

11 Jehovah provides spiritual protection. This means that it helps us to avoid things that can damage our relationship with him. Jehovah knows the depth of sin and our struggle to please him. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) So he has given us the means to become reconciled to him. Let us consider some of them.

12 His Word the Bible. In the Bible, Jehovah warns us about wrong desires and how to control them. An example of this is found at Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.) Jesus spoke of a man who “kept on looking at a woman with lust.” Why? Jesus said that the man had “already committed adultery with her in his heart.” What is the lesson for us?

13 Pornography, videos, or other forms of sexual immorality can arouse sexual desire. And if an opportunity for sexual immorality arises, it is easy to get involved. (Jas. 1:14, 15) So to resist temptation, we need to take practical steps. “If, now, that right eye of yours is making you stumble,” he said, “tear it out and throw it away from you.” (Matt. 5:29) Just as we need to protect ourselves from the plague, we need to keep completely away from anything that might arouse immoral desires. (Col. 3:5) Applying this counsel will protect us spiritually.

* In the past, our publications have said that Psalm 91 is limited to Jehovah's promise of spiritual protection and that Satan was offended when he used the words of this psalm to imply that Jehovah would protect his servants physically. See The Watchtower, December 1, 1974, page

10. What do we trust?

11. How is Jehovah protecting us spiritually?

12-1 How can we overcome wrong desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

PROTECTION

Through his organization, Jehovah provides timely spiritual food

(See paragraph 15)

14 His holy spirit. Jehovah also uses his spirit to empower us to fight against wrong desires. If we keep asking Jehovah for holy spirit, he will give it to us. (Luke 11:9-13) How can the holy spirit help us? “Keep walking by spirit and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all,” said the apostle Paul. (Gal. 5:16) The accompanying commentary in the English Study Bible says: “A person who walks by spirit seeks the guidance of God’s spirit and allows it to influence his thinking and actions. Jehovah's spirit does not counteract wrong desires. But it can help us to be more determined to do what is right and to overcome wrong desires, thus providing spiritual protection.

15 His organization. Through his organization, Jehovah provides timely direction for our spiritual protection. Consider: Being imperfect and sinful, we are sometimes plagued by negative thoughts and feelings. For example, our

14. How does the holy spirit help us?

15. How does Jehovah’s organization protect us spiritually? (See also photos.)

SEPTEMBER

5

we may have a guilty conscience over past sins, we may feel unloved, or we may be depressed. “The tempter” tries to use those feelings to discourage us from giving up. (Matt. 4:3; 6:13) God's organization provides us with a wealth of spiritual food that helps us to trust in Jehovah's forgiveness, his concern for us, and his care for our needs. (Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Have you ever read something in our publications that touched your heart so much that you thought, 'This article is especially for me'? Remember, Jehovah provides such timely instruction for our spiritual protection.

16 In terms of physical protection, Jehovah also shields his servants as a group from being wiped out by enemies. But Jehovah has at times allowed enemies to persecute and even kill some of his servants in order to prove Satan a liar. (Rev. 2:10; 6:9) But Satan does not want to stop there. He is so angry that he wants to destroy all faithful worshippers. (Matt. 24:9; Rev. 12:9-12) But that will never happen! We are confident that Jehovah is using his angels to protect the congregation so that they can continue to serve him and preach the good news.—Heb. 1:7,

17 Jehovah has given us a wealth of sound counsel in the Bible. And if we follow his rules, we will avoid things that are harmful to our body or health. This is a way for Jehovah to protect us. (Prov. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) However, we know that Jehovah does not prevent all calamity from befalling us as individuals. If Jehovah were to protect us in every way, Satan's lie that God's servants are loyal to him because he does not allow anything bad to happen to them would seem true. (Job 1:10, 11) However, we understand that the main issue of the mountain, the sanctification of Jehovah's name, is the main reason why he has “tolerated” opposers and the wicked. (Rom. 9:22) However, Jehovah will soon relieve his people of all suffering. But even now, he will help us to endure whatever difficulties may come our way so that we can maintain a good relationship with him.—1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:1

HOW WILL JEHOVAH PROTECT US IN THE FUTURE?

18 Jehovah will continue to protect his people spiritually during the great tribulation. What about physically? When the nations gather against Jehovah’s people, Jehovah will not allow them to be humiliated. (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Jehovah will send Jesus Christ and his heavenly armies to protect his people and to fight against God's enemies. That will be the beginning of the battle of Armageddon. (Rev. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah protect his people during Armageddon?

19 We need not fear the coming destruction of this wicked system of things at Armageddon

16. (a) What experience did some of Jehovah’s servants have, and why? (b) What is our confidence?

The 17-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

18. How will Jehovah protect his people in the future?

19-2 Why should we not fear when Jesus and his heavenly armies destroy God’s enemies at Armageddon? (See also the photo on the cover.)

6 PROTECTION

When Jesus and his heavenly armies take action against God's enemies at Armageddon, not one of them will be left. . . . . . . . . . . . . During that war, not one of God's precious sheep will die at the hands of enemies, human or demon

new o. Why shouldn’t we be afraid? Because-we believe that Jehovah is our refuge and our stronghold. So we can be absolutely sure that when Jesus and his heavenly armies take action against God's enemies at Armageddon, not one of them will be left. (Jer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) Not one of God's precious sheep will perish at the hands of enemies, human or demon.—Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9

20 At Armageddon, the inspired words of the psalmist will likely come true: “A thousand will fall at your very side and ten thousand at your right hand, but it will not come near you The Heavenly One has made your dwelling.” (Ps. 91:7-9) When Armageddon breaks out, we can count on Jehovah to protect his people physically, spiritually, and emotionally. Not only will he protect them as a father, but he will also protect individuals. Because you have made “Jehovah your refuge,” he too promises that evil “will not come near you.” So we don’t have to be afraid of the future. We are absolutely confident that if we continue to rely on Jehovah, he will protect us.

COVER: During Armageddon, Jesus and his heavenly armies will protect God's people.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ What kind of protection does Jehovah promise in Psalm 91?

■ How is Jehovah protecting us now?

■ How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

SONG 8 Jehovah Is Our Refuge

NOVEMBER 9-15,

SONGS 36 Let Us Guard Our Hearts

PURPOSE This article will help us to obey Jehovah from the heart.

How to Maintain a “Heart of Goodness.”

“Give your servant a heart to obey.”—1 KINGS 1:1 3:9

PEOPLE listen to their leaders for a variety of reasons. Many people obey the law to avoid punishment or when they notice that they are being watched. When it comes to obedience to God, some people act hypocritically in order to gain praise. That is how the religious leaders acted when Jesus was on earth. (Matt. 23:5) But one of the reasons we obey Jehovah is

The Israelites followed Jehovah’s instructions stubbornly this might even have angered the Egyptians

(See paragraph 3)

a lamb or a goat and sprinkle its blood on the doorposts of their houses to keep them safe. (Exodus 12:5, 7) Jehovah's angel would then pass over the houses where the blood was sprinkled and would not kill any firstborn human or animal. But it must have been hard for the Israelites to obey. What is the reason? This is because the Egyptians considered the lamb sacred and worshiped it. So the Israelites must have been afraid that if the Egyptians saw them, they would attack them. (Exodus 8:25-27) Still, the Israelites saw the need to obey, and they “did just as Jehovah had commanded them.” (Exodus 12:28) As a result, Jehovah protected all their firstborn.

4 That very night the Israelites left Egypt. First, Jehovah led them north of the Red Sea, but then he gave them a surprising direction. He told them to turn north and camp somewhere between the sea and the mountains. The place where Jehovah was to encamp at the Red Sea would cause them distress and vulnerability to Pharaoh’s army. Again, the Israelites obeyed the Lord through Moses. (Exodus 14:1-4) But when the Israelites saw the Egyptian army approaching, they became “afraid” and complained that Moses had brought them there to die! (Exodus 14:5-11) Why did the Israelites regret obeying Jehovah? And how did Jehovah view their actions?

5 The Bible says that according to the Passover, the Israelites “did not appreciate the wonderful works that Jehovah had done” in Egypt; they “did not remember” his many mercies. (Read Psalm 106:7.) Although they saw how Jehovah delivered their firstborn by bringing the tenth plague on Egypt, they failed to appreciate the depth of his love in that event and to be convinced that he would deliver them again. Jehovah noted the condition of their heart and said that they had “rebelled Although they followed Moses through the Red Cross, they did not change their ways. In time, Jehovah rejected that generation and did not allow them to enter the Promised Land. (Ps. 106:21, 24-26) What is the lesson for us?

4. What shocking instruction did Jehovah give the Israelites?

5. Why did Jehovah not approve of the Israelites in the Passover? (Psalm 106:7)

SEPTEMBER

9

LEARN FROM THE HISTORY OF THE ISRAELITES

6 The history of the Israelites teaches us the importance of thinking about why we obey Jehovah and those whom he uses to lead us. For example, we do well to ask ourselves, 'Do I obey Jehovah only when I see that it is in my best interests?' We can also ask ourselves, 'Do I obey Jehovah even when others disobey or get angry with me for doing so?' (Exodus 12:36) But then, when the Egyptians pursued them in anger, they lost confidence in Jehovah and rebelled. (Ex. 14:10-12) Instead of acting like the Israelites, we should rely on Jehovah and those he has chosen to lead us. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) We should be willing to obey any direction we receive, even if we do not understand the reason for it or if it causes displeasure to those who do not love Jehovah. What will help us to avoid making the same mistake as the Israelites, and how can we maintain a calm heart?

7 Deepen your love for Jehovah. When we receive direction from Jehovah's organization, we may find it difficult to follow it if it seems that it is not in our best interests or that it will make things difficult for us. When we feel this way, we need to remember that we obey Jehovah because we love and trust him. (1 John 5:3) If we truly love Jehovah, we will wait patiently. Also, we will admit that it may take time to see the benefits of playing obedient.—Eccl. 7:8; Micah 7:7

8 Today, too, many of our brothers set a fine example; they are willing to follow instructions even if they do not understand the reasons for them. For example, during the coronavirus pandemic, the Governing Body directed congregations to hold meetings by videoconferencing. “At first, I thought it would be impossible for the brothers in our area to attend the meetings via video links,” says an elder in Peru. Although he did not fully understand the direction, he continued to obey and trust in God. (Prov. 3:5, 6) What was the result? “I saw how Jehovah rewards us for being obedient,” she says. Consider this example as well. In 2020, the organization made an adjustment to foreign-language congregations and fathers. When a sister in Japan learned that a pregnant woman she was helping would be disfellowshipped, she said: “I wanted to listen to the change and not speak up against it.

9 Be prepared for persecution. We need to be prepared so that we can continue to carry out the Kingdom-preaching work despite persecution. In many countries, the preaching work is not restricted by governments. But our father must have the courage to speak to God

6. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? (Jeremiah 23:4)

The 7.0-liter V-8 is a 1.5-liter V-8 with a 1.5-liter V-6 engine.

8. How did one brother and sister resolve to be obedient?

9. What can we do now to remain obedient when persecuted? (See also photo.)

10 PROTECTION

The good news of the Kingdom, for we proclaim that God will soon bring an end to this wicked system of things. We will continue to preach this message until this world ends at Armageddon. (Matt. 24:14) Also, during the great tribulation, people will likely have to decide whether to support God's Kingdom or not. We will play the message to those who hate Jehovah as a plague “more than can be described.”* (Rev. 16:21) They will no doubt become as angry with Jehovah's people as Pharaoh was at the Flood. We can prepare for future persecution by obeying the command to preach even when we are not being treated well now.

IMITATE KING JEHOSAPHAT AND OBEY JEHOVAH

10 The Bible contains examples of men and women who obeyed Jehovah. One of them is King Jehoshaphat of Judah. He was reigning when three nations conspired to invade Judah. Clearly, Jehoshaphat and his people were in trouble. (2 Chron. 20:1-3) Despite the danger, he made the right decision. Let us now see how Jehoshaphat obeyed and trusted in Jehovah and how we can imitate him.

11. Decide to seek and follow Jehovah’s guidance. When Jehoshaphat was in danger, he “set his face to search for Jehovah.” (2 Chron. 20:3) This was not the first time that Jehoshaphat had turned to Jehovah for guidance. (2 Chron. 19:3) When Jehoshaphat was attacked by enemies, he knew that only Jehovah could help him in this predicament. So he was determined to let Jehovah guide him and was willing to follow instructions. Jehoshaphat then prayed fervently to Jehovah for help. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) If we are in a difficult situation, we do well to imitate his example. We can pray, we can study, we can seek Jehovah’s guidance, we can be determined to follow his direction

* See “Questions From Readers” in the August 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

10. How did King Jehoshaphat feel when three nations came together to invade Judah?

11. What did Jehoshaphat do when he was afraid? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

Our obedience now will prepare us for future persecution (See paragraph 9)

11

Humble elders obey Jehovah, the organization, and other elders

(See paragraph 16)

on, and we can be sure that he will help us. —Ps. 119:1

12 Keep learning more about the Bible. The words of Jehoshaphat in his prayer reveal his knowledge of Jehovah's past deeds. He knew that Jehovah had kept his promise to Abraham to give a good land to his descendants. (Genesis 12:7) Jehoshaphat's words are in harmony with Solomon's prayer for the temple. (2 Chron. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) Jehoshaphat's knowledge of Jehovah helped him to trust in him completely and to be determined to obey him. The key to our determination to obey Jehovah is to pay “the price of treasures” with great sacrifice. This means continuing to learn more Bible truths in addition to what we already know. (Matt. 13:52) This will strengthen our resolve to obey Jehovah even under difficult circumstances.

13 Always be humble. Jehoshaphat's prayer reveals his humility. He was a king with a large army, but he did not rely on his own strength to bring the enemy together. Rather, his public prayer showed that he acknowledged the need for God's help. (2 Chron. 20:12) The king's humility made it easier for him to obey Jehovah's direction immediately. If we are humble, we too will be willing to obey Jehovah at all times.—Phil. 2:5,

14 Consider the impact of your actions on others. Jehovah answered Jehoshaphat’s prayer. Through the prophet Jahaziel, he told him what to do. Yahaziel says the people are not going to sign the ava. “Stand still in your places and see the salvation of Jehovah that he will perform for you,” he told them. The Bible says that Jehoshaphat immediately “fell upon his face.” This also caused the whole nation to “bow down . . . and worship Jehovah.” The next day, as they marched out to meet the enemy, the king urged the people: “Have faith in Jehovah your God” and “have faith in his prophets.”—2 Chron. 20:14-2

The 12-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

13. What is the benefit of being humble?

14. How did Jehoshaphat respond to Jehovah’s prophetic guidance?

12 PROTECTION

15 Jehoshaphat showed strong faith by appointing singers to “lead the singers in praise” to Jehovah. (2 Chron. 20:21) Before doing so, Jehoshaphat first “took counsel with the people.” What a fine example he set in encouraging the people to trust in Jehovah and obey him! Because they put their faith and trust in Jehovah, he saved them by causing the enemies to slay one another.—2 Chron. 20:22-2

16 Elders, parents, and others taking the lead can imitate Jehoshaphat's example. His sincere obedience had a positive effect on his subjects. He acted like King Solomon. While Solomon was faithful to Jehovah, he asked for an obedient heart so that he could judge and guide the people according to Jehovah’s will. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Jehoshaphat humbly listened to Jehovah's prophet. He consulted with the people before making a decision. And he encouraged them to listen to Jehovah and follow his instructions. Humble elders imitate Jehoshaphat's example. They seek guidance from God's Word and our publications and consult with other elders before making important decisions. (Prov. 15:22) They show by their words and deeds that they are willing to follow the direction of the organization, and they encourage others to do the same. When parents are willing to listen from the heart, they too set a good example for their children.—Prov. 1:8; 14:1

17. We can be sure that if we are truly obedient to Jehovah, he will help and guide us in every situation. He will guide us by means of those he is using to take the lead, just as he did in the past. Even if we sometimes do not understand the reason for certain instructions, we need not worry. Jehovah's wisdom and ways are superior to ours. (Isa. 55:9) The only thing we need to do is to continue to be willing to obey Jehovah from the heart.

15. What is the value of the 15-year-old Jehoshaphat?

16. What can elders, parents, and responsible brothers learn from Jehoshaphat? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also photo.)

The 17-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ What do we learn from the experience of the Israelites when they fled from Egypt?

■ How did Jehoshaphat show that he was “obedient from the heart”?

■ What do you learn from the good example of Jehoshaphat?

HADZIDZI 88

Let Me Know Your Ways

NOVEMBER 16-22,

SONG 84 We'll Do More

PURPOSE In this article, we will examine the fulfillment of Zechariah 8:23 and the efforts of Jehovah's people to reach people of all languages.

Jehovah’s People Are Preaching the Good News to “All the Languages ​​of the Nations”

“Ten men out of all the languages ​​of the nations will grab hold of the skirt of a Jew.”—ZECH. 8:2

IN ANCIENT times, Jehovah confused the language of the rebels who were building the Tower of Babel, thwarting their plan. As a result, the human race was divided into tribes that spoke different languages ​​and spread around the world. (Genesis 11:6-9) But Jehovah made it clear that his purpose was to gather “a great crowd” “out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues” and to survive the great tribulation into the new world. (Rev. 7:9, 10, 14) How will people of all tongues call on Jehovah's name during the great tribulation if no one preaches to them? (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) What a privilege it is to help people hear the good news in their own language so that they can put faith in Jehovah and be saved!

2 Centuries before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, Jehovah inspired the prophet Zechariah to foretell that “many nations will actually join themselves to Jehovah, and they will actually become his people.” (Zech. 2:11) Zechariah then prophesied: “This is what Jehovah of armies has said: 'In those days ten men out of all the languages ​​of the nations will grab hold of the skirt of a Jew, yes,

The 1.5-inch screen is a nice addition to the LG G5 (Romans 10:13, 14) 2. What did the prophet Zechariah foretell under divine inspiration?

14

this thrilling prophecy is being fulfilled in our day. Let us see how each of us can help to fulfill this prophecy.

THE GOOD NEWS IS BEING PREACHED TO ‘ALL NATIONS’ LANGUAGES’

3 The “Jew” mentioned in Zechariah's prophecy represents those anointed with holy spirit. These are the same people the Bible calls “the Israel of God.” (Gal. 6:16) They will rule with Jesus in heaven. (Heb. 3:1) The “ten men” represent Jehovah's servants who hope to live forever in Paradise on earth. These people are from different languages ​​and countries.

4 In 1919, Christ appointed “the faithful and discreet slave”—a small group of anointed brothers. These brothers recognized that the good news had to reach all nations, and this required translating the Bible's message into many languages. (Matt. 24:45) At that time, the Bible Students were already producing the “Photo-Drama of Creation” in various lands, but the faithful slave saw the need for more. For example, the Bible study aid The Music of God was published in 1921 and has been translated into 36 languages. In 1935 the faithful slave understood that a “great crowd” would live forever on earth. Thus, in those years, Jehovah laid the foundation for a worldwide preaching work in fulfillment of Zechariah's prophecy.

“YOUR PEOPLE WILL GIVE THEMSELVES FREELY”

5 As the good news continued to spread, many righthearted ones were found in all language groups. As the Bible foretold, people from all over the world have shown interest in the good news and want to serve Jehovah. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) To help all of these, God’s people “offer themselves willingly” in the preaching work. But not only that, our literature is translated, printed, and shipped around the world. (Ps. 68:11; 110:3) In addition, software engineers and technicians have developed tools such as jw.org and JW Library® to help people of many languages ​​learn more about the Bible.

6 The spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave class benefits people of all nations and languages. And one way they show their appreciation for the spiritual food is by making voluntary contributions to the worldwide preaching work. As a result, we are able to print our literature in over 1,100 languages. And each year, hundreds of thousands are baptized.

7 Jehovah's people now have tools

3. Who is represented by “the Jew,” and who are represented by the “ten men”?

4. How did Jesus appoint “the faithful and discreet slave” in 1919?

5-6 How is Isaiah 2:2-4 being fulfilled today? (See also photo.)

7. How does the fulfillment of Revelation 14:6 affect us?

SEPTEMBER

The spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave class is benefiting people of all nations and tongues

(See paragraphs 5-6)

which enable them to share the good news with people in their own language. With the help of the angels, we are declaring “everlasting good news to every nation and tribe and tongue and people.” (Read Revelation 14:6.) The fulfillment of prophecies in the books of Zechariah and Revelation strengthens our faith spreading around the world.

A REMARKABLE THING JEHOVAH IS DOING TODAY

8 At Pentecost 33 CE, Jehovah did something remarkable. He miraculously caused Jesus’ disciples in Jerusalem to speak in tongues. (Acts 2:4-10) Why did he perform this miracle? At that time, people from all over the world came to the temple in Jerusalem to worship, and Jehovah wanted them to hear the good news in their own language. (Acts 2:11) Today, too, the availability of our publications in many languages ​​enables us to help people who speak other languages ​​to learn about Jehovah.

9 It is important that people hear the good news in their own language. Consider this example: Suppose someone travels abroad but you-come seriously ill and need to go to the hospital. If he does not understand the local language, he will need someone to interpret what the doctor is saying to him. Similarly today, many people are suffering and need comfort and hope. There is something in the Bible that will help them. When we meet people in the field, work-

8. What was the significance of Pentecost 33 CE?

The 900% cotton fabric is 100% cotton and is 100% cotton fabric.

16 PROTECTION

we have a variety of resources to help them hear the Bible's lifesaving message in their own language. These tools include videos, printed and electronic publications.

10 How can we use our publications and JW Library to witness to people who speak other languages? Consider the experience of Robert, who speaks English. One day while witnessing at a port, she met a man from Türkiye who was a fucker. The man had no English, yet he accepted the brochure Good News From God! which is in Türkic. Being familiar with the book, Robert was able to point out passages for him to read in his native tongue. The man asked a variety of questions about the world, and Robert used JW Library to show him the Bible's answers in Turkish. “It’s like you hear our language!” the man exclaimed. Robert later recalled: “The man and I talked for about an hour. I could see from our conversation that he had become more appreciative of the Bible's message and that much had become clear to him.” What a privilege it is to help honesthearted people hear the Bible's message in their own language!

11 Even if we show someone only a tract or a jw.org article in his own language, we can have many good results. So it is a good idea to be prepared to use similar methods to witness to someone who does not speak your language again.

10-11. What have you learned from Brother Robert’s experience and the box “A Refugee Finds Hope”?

Lub Neej also said that Qab Ntut Tshiab Yajab Tsayods

A Refugee Has Hope

A woman named Youa has suffered a lot in life. He had to move from his homeland to the United States. He speaks Hmong, but does not understand English. His wife would not allow him to read any books, not even the Bible. “I was always nervous and depressed,” Youa said. One day, an English-speaking sister gave him a tract entitled Life in a Peaceful New World in Hmong. Reading that tract, Youa saw God's promises for the future in the Bible. He had never heard those words. The words touched him and gave him hope for the future. He hid the tract among his belongings. And he just says he reads it regularly. Eventually, one of Youa’s daughters accepted the truth and took her to a congregation meeting in Hmong. Youa began to study the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses and eventually joined the brothers in serving Jehovah.

SEPTEMBER

WE ARE PRONOUNCING THE NAME OF JEHOVAH AMONG THE NATIONS

12 The work of translators benefits all of us. Translators have long worked hard to translate the Bible into many languages ​​so that as many people as possible can read God's Word in their own language.* In our day, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has been translated into many languages. Note the comments of an elder in Nepal about this translation. The 2017 1000cc 4-stroke is a 1000cc 4-stroke with a 1.5-liter V6 engine and a 2.0-liter V6 engine. The New World Translation has been translated, in whole or in part, into over 300 languages. It is accurate, simple, and truthful about Jehovah. This is also why the Jehovah’s Witnesses around the world share the same beliefs and teachings. (1 Cor. 1:10) However, there are other positive aspects to this translation.

13 God's name, Jehovah, does not appear in many modern translations of the Bible, but it does appear thousands of times in the New World Translation. About a century ago, you would find God’s name in many Bibles, especially the Hebrew Scriptures. Today, however, religious leaders who claim to represent God do not use God's name, nor do they want it to be known. For example, Catholic leaders have removed God's name from their Bibles and other publications.* Many other churches have removed God's name from their Bible translations. In the New World Translation, however, translators have restored God's name to its rightful place in the original text. So you will find God's name in all the languages ​​that have been translated into the New World Translation. Let’s see why this is important.

14 The Scriptures contain a number of examples that emphasize the importance of knowing and using God's name. For example, the Psalms encourage worshipers to “praise the name of Jehovah.” (Ps. 135:1) When Jesus taught his disciples how to pray to Jehovah, he taught them to say: “Let your name be sanctified.” Later, in prayer to his Father, Jesus said: “I have made your name known to them.” (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) Both the apostle Paul and the prophet Joel said: “Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved.” (Rom. 10:13) Those who use Bible translations that omit the divine name cannot meet these various Scriptural statements.

* The Hebrew Scriptures were first translated into Greek in 150 BCE

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI decreed that no one should “use” God’s name in Catholic services, hymns or prayers, and that “the name should not be pronounced”. See also The Watchtower, October 1, 1997, pages 16-18, paragraphs 4-8

12. How is the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures benefiting Jehovah’s people?

13. Why does the divine name not appear in many Bibles today?

The 14-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

18 PROTECTION

15 Most of Jehovah's Witnesses read the New World Translation in the language they understand. This translation of the Bible helps them to know the truth about Jehovah and thus to love and trust in him.—Prov. 18:10; Yes, it is. 56:6

16 The Bible foretells that Jehovah will soon take action against “the kings of the entire inhabited earth.” Why? (Rev. 16:14) Jehovah will then protect those who know him, obey him, and praise his name. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3) But those who reject Jehovah and refuse to obey him will eventually recognize him as the Almighty when he acts against them. Jehovah himself says: “I shall certainly magnify myself and sanctify myself and make myself known before the eyes of many nations; (Ezek. 38:23) How happy Jehovah's servants will be to have Jehovah God as their Friend, not their enemy!—Mal. 3:1

17 What a privilege it is to share in the worldwide preaching work foretold at Zechariah 8:2 We also have the joy of working hand in hand with our brothers and angels in preaching in many languages. Jehovah gives us the tools we need to preach to people of all nations and tribes and tongues. Therefore, let us continue to make good use of these tools to help more people come to know that Jehovah is a merciful, patient, and impartial God, so that they may decide to serve him. It is a privilege to continue preaching until all people know Jehovah's name and the truth about him.—Luke 11:2

15. How do Jehovah’s servants feel about his name?

16. Why is it urgent to know Jehovah now? (John 17:3)

17. What is the greatest privilege?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ Who are represented by “the man of Judah” and the “ten men” mentioned at Zechariah 8:23?

■ What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate?

■ Why is it important for people to know and use the name of Jehovah?

SONG 57 We Will Preach to All Sorts of People

NOVEMBER 23-29,

The Priesthood of Jehovah Reveals His Love

HADZIDZI 107

God's Example of Love

THE GOAL

This article will help us to see how the priesthood draws us to Jehovah.

“Every high priest taken from among men is appointed in behalf of men in things pertaining to God.”—HEB. 5:1

ALL humans need help. They know, or not, they need it. What is the reason? The reason is that we all inherited sin, which separated us from God. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) In effect, sin is like a deep gap between us and God, and there is nothing we can do to close it. Without God’s help, we can never find true happiness in life. And we will have no hope. What did Jehovah do to help us?

2 Jehovah has made a wonderful provision for us to be rescued from inherited sin. He appointed priests and High Priests over the Israelites. He then appointed Jesus as High Priest over the Christian congregation. Jesus is still our High Priest today. In this article, we will examine how the priesthood benefited Jehovah's people in ancient times. We will also see how the present priesthood system benefits us now and how it will benefit us in the future. Finally, we will see how this wonderful provision of Jehovah is a testimony to his love for us.

HOW THE PRIESTHOOD OF JEHOVAH BENEFITED THE NATION OF ANCIENT ISRAEL

3 The apostle Paul was inspired to explain the purpose of the priesthood for the nation of Israel. (Read Hebrews 5:1.) He made it clear that Jehovah wanted to draw them to himself. Jehovah thus appointed the High Priest “to render sacred service in behalf of the people.” As a result, although

1. Why do all humans need help?

2. What will we consider in this article?

3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how did the priesthood benefit true worshippers? (See also the picture.)

20

Evil is like a veil separating Jehovah from mankind, the priesthood being the necessary bridge

(See paragraph 3)

even if they are sinners, their service will be acceptable to Jehovah. In this way, the high priest and the other priests became like a portal through which obedient humans could approach God.

4 How did the priests help the Israelites to draw close to Jehovah and to worship him acceptably? This was done in two main ways. First, priests were God's representatives to mankind by means of their teaching. How was this done? Malachi 2:7 says: “For the lips of a priest should keep knowledge, and they should seek the law at his mouth, for he is the messenger of Jehovah of armies.” So it was the priests’ job to teach the Israelites the Mosaic Law, helping them to understand and obey it. In Nehemiah’s day, for example, 13 Levites assisted the priest Ezra in explaining God’s Law to the people. They explained in detail and made sense of it, so that the public could understand what they were reading. This helped the Israelites to obey God's laws and drew them closer to Jehovah.—Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8

5 Second, the priests represented the people before God. In what way? They took the lead in offering animal sacrifices on behalf of the people so that God could forgive their sins. The Israelites knew that they sinned every day, so they needed help to wipe out their sins. (Ps. 51:9) Jehovah's priestly arrangement for animal sacrifices filled that need. How happy the Israelites who wanted to please Jehovah must have been! The priesthood is a testimony to Jehovah's love, compassion, concern, and desire for the salvation of his people.

PRIESTLY PRAYER OF THE BIBLE

6 Jehovah has always wanted to have peace with his faithful servants

4. What important assignment did Jehovah give to the priests in Israel?

5. In what way did the priests represent the people before God, and what does this teach us about Jehovah?

6. In patriarchal times, what did the heads of the family do that was similar to that of the priests?

SEPTEMBER

intermediate. In patriarchal times before Israel became a nation, it was common for family heads to offer sacrifices for themselves and their families. For example, when Noah came out of the ark, he offered a sacrifice of thanksgiving to Jehovah. (Genesis 8:20) Abraham built altars to offer sacrifices to Jehovah. (Genesis 12:7, 8) And Job offered burnt offerings in behalf of his children. (Job 1:5) That is why Jehovah called some of his servants priests long before he appointed the Levites to be priests in Israel. Jehovah said: “Let the priests [family heads] who come near to Jehovah regularly sanctify themselves, that Jehovah may not bring punishment upon them.”—Exodus 19:2

7 The first person specifically mentioned as a priest in the Bible was Melchizedek. (Gen. 14:18) He was both a priest and a king. Jehovah later promised that the Messiah would be a king and a priest like Melchizedek. The Messiah's rule, on the other hand, will benefit mankind forever.—Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:1

8 As mentioned earlier, when the Israelites became Jehovah's nation, he appointed a priesthood and gave them the Law through Moses. He appointed Moses' brother Aaron and his descendants as priests. (Exodus 40:12-15) The priests were responsible for offering sacrifices. The high priest offered sacrifices on behalf of the entire nation, and the other priests offered sacrifices on behalf of individual Israelites. Other Levites performed various duties to assist the priests. Jehovah gave clear instructions about the sacrifices to be offered, the exact procedure, and the purpose of each. That arrangement was a shadow of what Jehovah would do later.

7. Who is Melchizedek, and what is the difference between him and the Messiah?

8. Who were the priests in Israel, and what were their duties?

9 At his baptism, Jesus became High Priest, serving in Jehovah's great spiritual temple. (Heb. 8:1) Years later, he gave his perfect human life as a perfect sacrifice in exchange for the sins of mankind. His sacrifice was far superior to the animals offered by the priests in Israel. Jesus remains our High Priest, and he has become the bridge through which we can approach Jehovah. (Heb. 9:24) When our High Priest, Jesus, rules as King over the earth, the 144,000 will serve as kings and priests with him. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) After being resurrected to heaven, they will work with Jehovah and Jesus to restore obedient mankind to perfection and to make the earth a paradise. We look forward to the time when they will accomplish their tasks!

10 As we have seen, the priesthood has long been a source of approach to Jehovah. The many sacrifices offered by the priests reminded faithful Israelites of their need for a ransom. During Christ's Millennial Reign, Jehovah will continue to operate the priesthood until mankind is brought to perfection. There will then be no vein between humans and God, so the priesthood will no longer be necessary. How does learning about this program draw us closer to Jehovah? Let’s see what happens.

WHAT THE PRIESTHOOD TEACHES US ABOUT JEHOVAH

The priesthood is a testimony to Jehovah's deep desire to have a relationship with his servants

9-10. Who will serve as priests with Jesus during his Millennial Reign?

11. How does the priesthood system show that Jehovah wants us to be close to him?

22 LANGUAGEΤΑΚΡ

stay close to each other. Although sin has caused a great gap between Jehovah and mankind, Jehovah wants to close the gap completely. He wants us to be free to approach him in prayer, to do what pleases him, to be his friend, and to be free from sin and death. (2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we have inherited sin, not by ourselves. For this reason, we will play feeling sorry for him. That is why he has made it possible for us to draw close to him. Doesn’t that impress you? No doubt it made you love him even more.

12 Jesus too wants us to have a good relationship with Jehovah. The Bible says that Christ, our High Priest, is “an intercessor [with] the Father,” who intercedes for us when we sin. (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25.) What, though, does Jesus consider before he intercedes for you? He will likely look at your upbringing, your life experiences, your health, your anxieties, and other problems that bother you. He will also consider your good qualities, all the good things you do and how faithful you are serving Jehovah. Jesus knows your thoughts, feelings, regular prayers for forgiveness, and your efforts to do what is right. Therefore, we can be confident that Jehovah will be willing to accept Christ’s intercession and will mercifully forgive our sins. (Ps. 86:5) We can be sure of this because Jehovah himself has appointed Jesus as our Mediator.

12. Why is it so comforting that Jesus, the High Priest, intercedes for us? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also photos.)

Our High Priest Jesus values ​​the good works we do; he knows our motives, our requests for forgiveness, and our efforts to do what is right (See paragraph 12)

13 The priesthood is a reassurance that Jehovah wants us to pray freely to him. (Read Hebrews 4:16.) As our High Priest, Jesus also opens the way for us to approach Jehovah with freeness of speech. Jehovah is pleased to listen to our prayers. When we pray to him, it shows that we trust and rely on him. We may sometimes find it hard to express our feelings to him in prayer. We can be so overwhelmed that we don’t know exactly what to pray about. (Rom. 8:26) Even in such situations, Jehovah is aware of our circumstances and helps us. He is our loving Father who is always there for us, so we need to draw close to him at all times and pour out our heart to him.

14 The priesthood reflects Jehovah's purpose for humans to live forever. (Ezek. 33:11) Animal sacrifices offered by religious people in ancient times could not completely cover sins. (Heb. 7:19) But those sacrifices were a shadow of the perfect sacrifice of Christ Jesus. This sacrifice makes it possible for Jehovah to forgive our sins. He also opened the way for those who obey Jehovah to gain everlasting life. Are you not thrilled that Jehovah made this wonderful provision for humans to gain everlasting life?—1 John 3:1 4:1

15 The appointment of the priesthood by Jehovah is a testimony to his love for us. Like Jesus, the anointed must remain faithful until death. (Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) Yes, they will be faithful to Jehovah, and their loyalty will be played out in public. So we can be sure that in the Thousand Year Reign, we will be lovingly helped to do what is right and gradually become perfect. They will help us to be completely free from the sin we inherited from Adam and Eve. All these good things will be made possible by Jesus’ sacrifice. Jesus and his corulers will continue to help us until all mankind is brought to perfection.—Rev. 22:1,

16 Christ, our High Priest, is sympathetic to our trials because he himself experienced them while on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Consider: Do you sometimes feel tired? Jesus was tired too. (John 4:6) Do you sometimes feel hungry and thirsty? Jesus too had been hungry and thirsty. (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28) Are you persecuted or ridiculed for your faith? It happened to Jesus too. (Isa. 50:6; John 15:20) Have you lost a loved one in death? Jesus' friend Lazarus died, and so did his adoptive father, Joseph. Having experienced our circumstances, our High Priest, Jesus, is confident that he will understand and sympathize with us.

17 The 144,000 priests will also understand us as they work with Jesus to help humans to perfection. These men and women were also imperfect and sinful while on earth. They know how it feels to make a mistake and how anxiety-

13. What is another reason why Jehovah has appointed Jesus as our High Priest, and how does this benefit us when we pray? (Hebrews 4:16)

14. How did Jesus’ sacrifice half-fulfill Jehovah’s desire for us to live forever?

15. How does the selection of the priesthood by Jehovah show his love for us?

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 show the qualifications of the High Priest appointed by Jehovah?

17. Why can we be sure that the anointed will understand humans when helping them to become perfect?

24 FAITH

the word is disturbing. These priests know the physical and emotional effects of illness. They were chosen at different times, from different nations and fomes, and from different circumstances in life. Whatever you are going through, know that someone of the 144,000 has experienced it.

18 All that we have learned about the priesthood is that Jehovah is loving, compassionate, concerned, and aware of his people. Our enemy Satan is always trying to accuse us, but Jehovah is not like that. (Rev. 12:10) This study shows us that Jehovah has made many provisions to draw us to himself so that we can be sure that we can be his approved friends. Doesn’t this convince you that Jehovah loves you and is eager to forgive you? And doesn’t that make you love Jehovah even more?

19 Jehovah's priesthood assures us that he understands our feelings of unworthiness because of our sins. He knows that we are dust. (Ps. 103:14) Jehovah focuses, not on our imperfections, but on our good qualities and the person we are trying to become. If we focus on our sins and mistakes, we need to remember that Jehovah “is greater than our hearts and knows all things.”—1 John 5:1 3:2

20 We also learned that Jehovah instituted the priesthood so that we could worship him acceptably. He wants us to be close to him. This loving provision from Jehovah bridges the deep gulf between him and his faithful servants, making it easier for them to draw close to him. May we heed the counsel of Hebrews 4:16: “Let us approach the throne of grace with freeness of speech, that we may obtain mercy and find grace for help in time of need.”

18. What does the priesthood teach us about Jehovah, and how does this make you feel?

The 19-year-old is a veteran of the 1990s and 2000s.

20. Why are you grateful for the priesthood, and what is your determination?

HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER THEM?

■ Why did Jehovah institute the priesthood for humans?

■ What priests did Jehovah use at different times?

■ How did the priesthood draw you closer to Jehovah?

SONGS 16 Praise Yah for the Messianic Kingdom

NOVEMBER 30–DECEMBER 6, 2026

SONG 22 The Kingdom Is in Place—Let It Come!

PURPOSE This article will help us identify three potential pitfalls and how to avoid them.

Beware of “the Spirit of the World.”

“Everything in the world . . . does not originate with the Father.” —1 JOHN 10:1 2:1

WE LIVE in a world ruled by Satan. (John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) He will wage a vicious attack on Christ's followers. (Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) This does not mean that Satan himself is everywhere in the world at any given hour. In fact, the Bible does not say that faithful angels or demons have this ability. However, there are a number of wicked angels, who are demons, on Satan’s side. (Rev. 12:9) And Satan has something that he always uses everywhere: the spirit of the world. This spirit is influencing most people, even if they do not realize it. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) Even those who do not believe in Satan are influenced by the spirit of the world. The Bible says that these people are “caught alive by Satan to do his will.”—2 Tim. 2:2

2 In the past, many of us lived the lifestyle of most people in the world. But when we came to know who was influencing those people’s thinking and actions, what change did we make? We followed the Bible’s counsel to “abstain from ungodliness and worldly desires.” (Titus 2:11, 12) This means that although Satan has power and influence in the world, we are against him and with Jehovah's backing. (Jas. 4:7, 8) We are sure

1. How does Satan influence many in the world today? (1 John 2:15, 16)

2-3 (a) What is the difference between Jehovah’s servants and those who are influenced by “the spirit of the world”? (b) What is the need for vigilance?

26

It is easy to be influenced by the spirit of the world (See paragraph 5)

how pleased Jehovah must be when we struggle to resist the spirit of the world!

3 However, it is important to be vigilant. Because the thinking and actions of those around us can slowly begin to influence us. This has happened to some brothers who have made big changes in their lives to serve Jehovah. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) This article will consider some suggestions that can help us to resist the spirit of the world. First, though, let us consider what is meant by “the spirit of the world.”—1 Cor. 2:1

WHAT IS ‘THE SPIRIT OF THE WORLD’?

4 As used in the Bible, “the spirit of the world” refers to the way people do not love God. Those who are influenced by the spirit of the world are selfish. And they often don’t want to live up to Jehovah’s moral standards. For example, many people today think that there is nothing wrong with profanity or immorality. They do “the will of the nations,” not the will of the Creator.—1 Pet. 4:3

5 The Bible says that Satan is “misleading the entire inhabited earth,” and the spirit of the world is a powerful force for good. (Rev. 12:9) The apostle Paul likened the spirit of the world to “the wind.” (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) How aptly that is! Just like that

4. What is “the spirit of the world,” and how do those who are influenced by it react?

5. In what way is the spirit of the world like “the wind”? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also photo.)

SEPTEMBER

just as the pervasive poison is harmful and easy to breathe, so the spirit of the world is harmful and pervasive. The spirit of the world can influence a person without immediate notice. Let us now consider ways in which this can happen and how to avoid it.

AVOID RUDE WORD

6 The Bible foretold that in the last days, people would be “lovers of themselves, lovers of money,” and “lovers of pleasures.” (2 Tim. 3:1-3) These negative traits are reflected in the language of many today. For example, the news reports show that people say hurtful things to each other and it turns into fights and violence. And in many families, the husband, wife, and children throw away each other. Many people also use swearing—both young and old. (Eph. 5:3, 4) Their speech reflects the spirit of the world.

7 As Christians, we need to set a good example in our speech, whether we are dealing with others face-to-face or electronically. (Jas. 1:26, 27) You might ask yourself: 'Do I use harsh words when I am angry or when dealing with strangers? When I am talking to my brothers, do I use rude jokes or say things that are disrespectful to them? Do I throw away my family? What will my family say about my speech?'

8 What can we do if we notice that the spirit of the world is affecting our speech? We need to adjust the way we breathe. But that’s not all. Remember, Jesus said: “The things proceeding out of the mouth come out of the heart, and those things defile a man.” (Matt. 15:18) Jesus' words mean that our words reflect our thoughts and feelings. That is why the Bible lists “abusive speech” along with other negative traits such as anger, wrath, and bitterness. (Eph. 4:31) If you sense the need to put away such traits, pray for Jehovah's help to put on “the new personality” more fully. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) You can also do research in our publications to find helpful articles. Be determined not to allow the spirit of the world to influence your actions or speech.—Eph. 4:2

AVOID LIVING IMMORTALITY

9 Another manifestation of the world's spirit is the lack of respect for Jehovah's moral standards. Abortion, premarital sex, and homosexuality are widely condoned, and even condemned. (Isa. 5:20) If we are not careful, the world's spirit could gradually cause us to feel that there is nothing wrong with such things. (2 Cor. 11:3) We may even come to mind

6. How is the spirit of the world reflected in the language of people today?

7. What questions might we ask ourselves about the way we breathe?

8. What is the value of the 100% satisfaction rate? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. How do many people today view Jehovah’s moral standards?

28 PROTECTION

also that the world’s view of such practices is blind, and the Bible’s standards are archaic. But that is a big lie! Jehovah’s guidance is always for our benefit. Jehovah's ways are higher than those of men and do not become obscure with the passing of time.—Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9

10 Those who want to please Jehovah must hate what he hates. (Ps. 97:10) So ask yourself: 'Do I feel that Jehovah's moral standards are too restrictive for me? Does my choice of entertainment reflect what Jehovah hates? Do I feel that Jehovah has adjusted his requirements so that I can live the way I want to?'

11 What, though, if you find that you have a tendency to desire something that Jehovah hates? Do not feel that you can no longer live up to Jehovah’s standards. Remember, none of us are perfect, and we have wrong desires at times. (Ps. 51:5; 103:14) But you can choose to do what is right and avoid “the desires of the flesh.” (Eph. 2:3) Also, you need to keep your mind off things that arouse immoral desires. If you notice that you are developing wrong desires, immediately turn your eyes and mind away from things that Jehovah hates. (Genesis 39:9, 12) Then think about how those things could affect your relationship with Jehovah and with others. Be determined not to ruin that precious relationship. (Eph. 5:5) With Jehovah’s help, you can learn to hate what is bad.

AVOID THE DANGERS OF THE INTERNET

12 Many of us use the Internet in our daily lives, even in our worship of Jehovah. However, much of what is available on the Internet promotes the spirit of the world. For example, pornography is very popular on the Internet, and it is easily accessible to both children and adults. Sending sexually explicit photos, videos, and text messages has become increasingly common, especially among young people. Also, there is a lot of information on the Internet that distorts the truth or smears it. People post photos and videos of the fun they have had. Such photos and videos and the accompanying captions may make us feel that we should spend more time on recreation and entertainment, even if it interferes with our worship.—Heb. 10:24,

13 We need to be careful that the use of the Internet does not consume too much of our time or have a negative impact on our thinking and actions. Therefore, we might ask ourselves, 'How much time do I spend surfing the Internet looking at photos, videos, and other unnecessary material?'

10. What questions can help us to determine whether we hate what Jehovah hates?

11. How to hate what Jehovah hates?

12. How is the world's spirit manifested online?

13. What questions might we ask ourselves about our use of the Internet?

SEPTEMBER

reading online? When something improper comes along, how long does it take me to turn my attention away from it?” (Ps. 119:37) “Do I immediately believe everything I hear or see on the Internet, or do I search for the truth?”—Prov. 14:1

14 To avoid the spirit of the world, limit your time on the Internet and avoid pornography. Parents also need to keep an eye on their children's use of social networking sites. (Eph. 6:4) Researchers report that youths who spend more time on social networking sites are more likely to suffer from loneliness, anxiety, and depression than others. By heeding the practical advice found in God’s Word, you will not be tainted by the world’s spirit that permeates the Internet.

YOU CAN AVOID THE WORLD!

15 If you discern that the spirit of the world is infecting you in some way, take positive steps to correct the situation. Consider the experience of Gloria*. He learned the truth as a child, but it-

* Names in this article have been changed.

14. How can we avoid being influenced by the world’s spirit on the Internet?

15. What did you learn from Gloria’s experience? (See also photo.)

What can you do to resist the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15)

30 GΒΕΤΑΚΡΧ

rejected money and fame became more important to him in life. “I started to want to become a financier. As a result, I stopped attending meetings and soon stopped wanting to be a Witness,” he said. But then Gloria realized that she was influenced by association with people who did not love Jehovah. What did he do? “I spent more time in personal Bible study and prayer, and I stopped associating with people who did not serve Jehovah. Although I am not rich now, Jehovah has blessed me in many ways.

16 Consider also Robert's experience. The influence of his schoolmates and his bad entertainment led him to smoke, drink, and have sex with men. “I felt free to do whatever I wanted,” she says. But then Robert realized that he was not free at all, but a slave to the world. (2 Pet. 2:19) What did Robert do?

16. What did you learn from Robert’s experience?

“Now I associate only with people who love Jehovah,” she says. “I have made many changes in my lifestyle, dress, and speech.” How is Robert feeling now? “Every day I wake up and remember that I am living a clean life that is so different from what I used to be.

17 What have we learned from this article? We realized that we had to resist the spirit of the world. This involves avoiding profanity and immorality, and avoiding harmful Internet sites. Despite the strong spirit of the world, don’t be discouraged. You can avoid it. The truth is that Jehovah is far more powerful than Satan and his wicked world. (Read 1 John 4:4.) In addition, Jehovah will give you his holy spirit, the most powerful force in the universe, to help you resist the spirit of the world. (Luke 11:13) May all of us be determined to keep on “walking by spirit” and rejecting the spirit of the world!—Gal. 5:1

17. Why are you sure you can overcome the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

HOW CAN WE ENSURE THAT WE ARE NOT INFLUENCED BY THE “SPIRIT OF THE WORLD” IN THESE AREAS?

■ How we smile

■ The way we live

■ How we use the Internet

HADZIDZI 124

We Will Always Be Faithful

THE WATCHTOWER ANNOUNCING THE KINGDOM OF JEHOVAH

September 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 10 EWE

IN THIS FATHER

Study Article For November 2-8 | 2 Trust in Jehovah's Protection

Study Article For November 9-15 | 8 How to Cultivate a “Heart of Choice.”

Study Article For November 16-22 | 14 Jehovah’s People Are Preaching the Good News to “All the Tongues of the Nations”

Study Article For 23-29 | 20 The Priesthood Is a Reflection of Jehovah's Love

Study Article For November 30–December 6 | 26 Beware of “the Spirit of the World.”

BIBLE VERSE

“Let the Peace of the Christ Reign in Your Hearts”

Colossians 3:15 speaks of “the peace of Christ”. What is “the peace of the Christ”? It is the inner satisfaction of being a disciple of Christ. This peace comes from knowing that Jehovah and his Son love us.—John 17:3 14:23,

The apostle Paul encouraged the Christians in the Colossian congregation to let this peace rule in their hearts, that is, in their inner person. How can this be done? The Greek word translated ‘conquer’ that Paul used here is related to the word for referee (referee or arbitre) in sports. This means that just as that referee decides how the game is played, we must let “the peace of the Christ” guide our lives.

For example, when we have a difference with a fellow Christian, we should let “the peace of the Christ” be our “mediator.” This model decision maker will help us know what to do to keep peace and unity. By doing what he tells us to do and giving up our own desires or by forgiving freely for the sake of peace, we are letting “the peace of the Christ” control in our hearts.—Col. 3:12-1

This book is not for sale. It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published in the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Open the jw.org website, or scan this icon with your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.09-EW