INTERNATIONAL COVENANT ON HUMAN RIGHTS

INTRODUCE

Whereas all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, which are the foundations of freedom, justice and peace in the world,

Because of the lack of respect for human rights on earth, and the violence against human rights, and now the freedom of the wicked to express their opinions, to believe what they think is right, to be intimidated, and to be treated unfairly,

Because of the unwillingness to overthrow a tyrannical regime by other means and the need for legislation to protect human rights,

Given the importance of maintaining friendship between nations,

Whereas the members of the United Nations have firmly established their belief in the human dignity, in the dignity and equality of the sexes, and in their commitment to the promotion of justice and freedom as set forth in the Charter of the United Nations,

Because the member states of the United Nations have pledged to cooperate with the organization in order to promote and promote human rights and freedoms,

Since an understanding of these rights and freedoms will be a prerequisite for the success of this commitment,

Well, Now

The General Assembly is making it known

This Universal Declaration of Human Rights

They agree that all and all nations may, in accordance with this Covenant, endeavor to promote the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration by means of education and training through international and international means for the promotion of its rights and freedoms throughout the world in accordance with the Member States of the United Nations and its territories.

Stage 1

Every human being is born free and equal in dignity and rights. All are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in brotherly love.

Stage 2

Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.

No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honor and reputation.

Level 3

Everyone has the right to live this life, to be free, to be cared for and to be safe.

Level 4

No one shall be held in slavery or servitude; there are all kinds of systems of slavery and slavery.

Level 5

No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honor and reputation.

Stage 6

Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.

Stage 7

The law is equal for all, and everyone must be protected without discrimination. No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honor and reputation.

Level 8

Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.

Stage 9

No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile.

Level 10

Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.

Step 11

No one shall be held guilty of any penal offense on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence, under national or international law, at the time when the accused was sentenced to death.

No one shall be held guilty of any penal offense on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence, under national or international law, at the time when it was committed. Nor shall the punishment be more severe than the law provides at the time.

Stage 12

No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honor and reputation. Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.

Stage 13

Everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State.

Everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his country.

Step 14

Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution.

This right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.

Level 15

Everyone has the right to recognition everywhere as a person before the law.

No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality.

Stage 16

Men and women of full age, without any limitation due to race, nationality or religion, have the right to marry and to have children. Whether single, married or divorced, they should be seen as equals.

Marriage can be entered into only with the consent of both parties.

The family is the natural and fundamental group unit of society.

Stage 17

Everyone has the right to see for themselves, or to see together.

No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honor and reputation.

Stage 18

Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion. This right includes freedom to change his religion or belief, and freedom, either alone or in association with others, to manifest his religion or belief in public or private practice.

Stage 19

Everyone has the right to think and inform about something. This right also allows him not to allow anyone else to change his mind; and has the right to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.

Level 20

Everyone has the right to peaceful assembly and association.

No one should be forced to join a group.

Stage 21

Everyone has the right to take part in the government of his country, directly or through freely chosen representatives.

Everyone has the right to equal access to public service.

The will of the people shall be governed by universal and equal suffrage and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting procedures.

Stage 22

Every citizen has the right to be protected by the state and to the full development of his or her life. This will depend on the efforts of the country and the cooperation between countries, and on the basis of each country's structure and resources; Similarly, the economic, social and cultural rights of citizens will contribute to the dignity of all.

Stage 23

Everyone has the right to work, to free choice of employment, to just and favorable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment.

People who do the same work should get the same pay without discrimination.

Every workman should be paid a wage according to his labor, so that he may feed his wife and children to the full; and if necessary, some form of assistance is provided for them.

Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests.

Stage 24

Everyone has the right to rest and leisure; and also the number of hours to be worked, so that he can be paid for his time off.

Level 25

Everyone has the right to an adequate standard of living adequate food, clothing, shelter, medical care and the necessities of life, that he or she and his or her family are well protected and are entitled to social protection in case of unemployment, disability, disability, widowhood, old age, disability or disability Write.

Mothers and children need special care and support. Every child should be seen on the same level, regardless of whether they are a child of a prostitute or an adopted child.

Stage 26

Everyone has the right to education. There should be no charge for this training, especially the basic one. Everyone should be forced to, and have completed at least primary school. Technical and vocational schools will be open to all, and so will all, but this will depend on effort.

In education it is necessary to ensure that the intellectual intelligence of the human person is fully realized and that the greatness within him is brought to light, so as to appreciate man and his freedom. This will promote understanding and tolerance and friendship between nations, as well as races and religions; and to assist the United Nations in the maintenance of peace.

Parents have a special responsibility to determine for themselves what kind of education their children should receive in school.

Stage 27

Everyone has the right to participate in the cultural and artistic development of the area and also has a share in the value creation of the world.

Everyone has the right to ensure that no one is robbed but enjoys the experience, writing, music and art of their own making.

Stage 28

Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.

Stage 29

Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible.

The only restraint in the pursuit of the rights and freedoms of each person is the laws enacted so as to give due respect to the rights and freedoms of others, to live in harmony and peace.

The pursuit of these rights and freedoms may in no case be contrary to the purposes and objectives of the United Nations.

Level 30

Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein.