CONCLUSION OF HUMAN FREEDOM

INTRODUCTION

Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world,

As it became clear that the disregard for the freedoms of every human being was the cause of the rise of violence against humanity, people’s consciences became so opposed to this heinous act that they vowed and resolved that, in today’s world in which poverty will no longer be a stumbling block to the masses,

Whereas it is necessary for the Declaration of Human Rights to be protected by law, so that oppression and torture shall not induce any person to go to the defense of the gei by rebellion,

Essential to the promotion of national and international relations among all countries of the world,

Whereas the United Nations has pledged in its signature Declaration of Human Rights to the equal rights of all human beings, whether sex or woman, and to the progress of society, to freedom and prosperity for all,

Whereas Member States have pledged themselves to achieve, in cooperation with the United Nations, the promotion of universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms,

Whereas a thorough understanding of participation and Freedom is clearly of the utmost importance, for the full protection of this commitment,

UNITED NATIONS SECRETARY ANNOUNCES:

This Declaration of Human Rights is a universally recognized principle. We hope that everyone and every international organization everywhere will abide by this Declaration. It will be spread throughout the world by teaching and explaining it. This will enable the Declaration to be understood and accepted, to be implemented, for the betterment of life in the States Parties to the United Nations. The Declaration is also expected to be successfully disseminated to the Occupied Territories.

ARTICLE 1

All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. Each has reason and conscience and therefore deserves to live in complete harmony.

ARTICLE 2-LIA

Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him. These policies shall be applied without discrimination on the basis of origin, race, sex, language, religion, political affiliation, opinion, childhood or other special status.

Furthermore, no discrimination shall be made in the political or international relations of any person. Similarly, no discriminatory treatment shall be perpetrated against the person regardless of his or her nationality, whether independent, dependent or non-independent.

ARTICLE 3-LID

Everyone should live in freedom and security.

ARTICLE 4-LID

No one shall be held in slavery or servitude; slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms.

ARTICLE 5-LID

No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.

ARTICLE 6-LID

Everyone everywhere shall be respected as a human being by law.

ARTICLE 7-LIA

All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law.

ARTICLE 8-LID

Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law.

ARTICLE 9-LID

No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile.

ARTICLE 10-LID

Everyone charged with a penal offense has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence.

ARTICLE 11. LTD

No one shall be held guilty of any penal offense on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence, under national or international law, at the time when it was committed.

No one shall be held guilty of any penal offense on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence, under national or international law, at the time when it was committed. Similarly, no penalty shall be imposed that is higher than that commensurate with the offense under the law.

ARTICLE 12-LID

No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honor and reputation. No one has the right to know about anyone’s communications with others in any way. Similarly, no one has the right to defame or slander another person. The law allows a person who is subject to such action to defend himself freely in the application of the law.

ARTICLE 13. LTD

Everyone has the right to travel to any country, to live wherever he wishes, provided that he does not cross the borders of his country.

Everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his country.

ARTICLE 14-LIA

Everyone who has fled to another country has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution.

This right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.

ARTICLE 15-LIA

Everyone has the right to citizenship.

No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality.

ARTICLE 16-LIA

Men and women of full age, without any limitation due to race, nationality or religion, have the right to marry and to found a family. Origin, alienation or religion shall not be a barrier. They have equal rights to marriage. Similarly, they can freely divorce.

No one shall be compelled to marry. The marriage must be the wish of both parties.

Naturally, the family is the foundation of human society, so it is the duty of every nation to ensure the security of every family.

ARTICLE 17-LIA

There is a possibility that property may be owned by one person and may be shared by that person and others.

No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his property.

ARTICLE 18. LTD

Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and worship. This liberal approach means that a person can renounce his faith and worship something else of his choice. Likewise, he has the right to freedom of movement and association with others in religion. He shall teach what he worships, privately or publicly, by any means without restriction.

ARTICLE 19-LIA

Everyone has the right to freedom of thought and expression; This right includes freedom of thought. This means that no one is allowed to wear a mask at this event. It also includes the means by which he hears from others and how he informs others as well as the dissemination of ideas that come from any form of communication. At these events, even borders will not be a barrier.

ARTICLE 20

Everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and association.

No one shall be compelled to belong to an association.

ARTICLE 21. LTD

Every citizen has the right to participate in the government of his country. He may be personally or elected to represent them in the elections.

Everyone has the right to equal access to public service in his country.

The pillar of power of every government is in the hands of its citizens. This power shall be exercised on special occasions through well-organized elections. In these elections, all citizens eligible to vote shall cast their ballots by secret ballot or by any other approved means of voting.

ARTICLE 22-LIA

Every citizen has the right to social life and security. Every citizen needs to see this clearly recognized by being aware of his country’s unity relations with the rural communities. Similarly, he needs to be aware of the financial, social, and cultural assistance his country receives from other countries, which is essential for his dignity and development as a citizen and for that of others.

ARTICLE 23-LIA

Everyone has the opportunity to work freely. Everyone will choose the activity that is best for them. He will pursue his job satisfaction and will strongly advocate for non-employment.

Everyone, without any discrimination, has the right to equal pay for equal work.

Everyone has the right to a decent wage. This will enable the employee to provide for himself, his wife and children as satisfactorily as human beings are entitled to live a satisfying life. And even if it is absolutely necessary they will support it as a societal benefit.

Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests.

ARTICLE 24-LIA

Everyone who is a public servant has the right to rest and leisure, including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay. No deduction will be made from his salary for the periods he was absent from work.

ARTICLE 25-LIA

Everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself, his wife and children, including adequate food, clothing, shelter, medical care and social assistance. If someone is unemployed, they have the hope of getting help even if they get sick or disabled, their spouse dies or they grow old or have an accident that makes them unable to do anything on their own.

Motherhood and childhood are entitled to special care and assistance. Children born to parents who are legally married to each other and those born to parents who are not legally married to each other shall be treated without discrimination.

ARTICLE 26-LIA

Everyone has the opportunity to receive an education. These courses will be free in primary schools. Primary education should be compulsory. There should be opportunities for training in skills and specialized occupations. In the case of higher education, admission to these institutions will be given to those who have the ability.

The goal of education should be to build each human being to his or her full potential. The foundation of humanity, well-being and freedom must also be advanced by respecting this foundation. This will promote understanding, tolerance and friendship among all nations, languages ​​and religions. This will enable the actions of the United Nations to bring about world peace.

Parents have the right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children.

ARTICLE 27-LIA

Everyone has the right to a daily life. This means that everyone has the right to share in the benefits of natural science and technology.

There is the right to defend an invention by means of the law. This invention may be the copyrighted work of a literary, poetic or other artistic work of any kind.

ARTICLE 28-LIA

Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.

ARTICLE 29-LIA

Everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State.

Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.

These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.

ARTICLE 30

Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State, Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein.