THE ANSWER TO HUMAN WELFARE

INTRODUCTION

Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world,

Whereas this rebellion and disrespect for human dignity has led to hatred and cruelty, and has awakened the consciences of men to bring about a new life, to awaken men to the right to freedom of expression, and to the right to work without need,

Whereas it should not be the case that one should recklessly commit any act which is the last resort, which one can take to combat hatred and cowardice, while the law protects the privacy of human welfare,

Given the importance of cross-border friendships,

Whereas Member States have pledged themselves to achieve, in cooperation with the United Nations, the promotion of universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms,

Whereas Member States have pledged themselves to achieve, in cooperation with the United Nations, the promotion of universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms,

Whereas a sound understanding of the human rights and fundamental freedoms will enable us to fulfill this promise,

the party's general council

declares:

Hopefully:

This Declaration of Human Rights shall be the sole standard for all peoples and nations, and shall be enforced, promulgated, interpreted, adopted, enforced and implemented by all States and States Parties to the United Nations and in the bottom.

Article

All people are equal. Everyone was created with intelligence and wisdom. Therefore, everyone should love, respect, and honor each other.

Article

This welfare statement is available to everyone without discrimination. It doesn’t matter if someone is black or white, female or male. Language, religion, political affiliation, national origin, property, birth, etc. do not prevent anyone from enjoying this policy.

In addition, we should not discriminate against any nationality, whether the country is independent or subordinate to another.

Article

Everyone has the right to live in peace and freedom from harm to his or her body.

Article

No one should cheat anyone. Slavery and the slave trade are a trade that must be abolished.

Article 5.

No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. Or he cruelly beats someone, humiliates him.

Article 6.

Everyone has the right to recognition everywhere as a person before the law.

Article 7.

All are equal before the law. The law protects all people equally without discrimination. Legally, we are impartial.

Article 8.

If anyone violates any of these rules against another, he has the right to take legal action against him in accordance with the law.

Article 9.

No one should be arrested for nothing. No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest or detention.

Article

When a person is accused of something and the person is brought to trial, the judges must do justice, while not being punished. The judges must be completely innocent.

Article 11.

If a person is accused, arrested, and the matter cannot be investigated, the truth cannot be established, we assume that the person has not committed the crime, unless he is found guilty by legal means. Even if he is prosecuted at all, he has the right to seek any further assistance he can get.

No one shall be held guilty of any penal offense on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence, under national or international law, at the time when it was committed. And if it happens that there was a penalty before the new penalty more severe than the old one, the penalty that already exists for the person who committed that crime must be imposed.

Article

No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honor and reputation. No one should defame another person. The law protects every person so that nothing can interfere with his or her well-being.

Article

Everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State.

Everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his country.

Article 14 .

Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution.

This law shall not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.

Article 15.

Everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State.

No one can deliberately change someone's back. If a person wants to change his background, he has the right to do so without any obstacles.

Article 16.

Men and women of full age, without any limitation due to race, nationality or religion, have the right to marry and to divorce.

For a marriage to be valid, both spouses must agree, commit to getting married.

The body, which is the foundation of the father, mother and children, is the basis of the relationship, and it is the body's duty to be protected by society.

Article 17 .

It is everyone's responsibility to love their own property. He can also share property with others.

No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honor and reputation.

Article 18.

Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; This right allows one to change one's religion and beliefs in public or private without hindrance, and regardless of whether one is a majority or a private person.

Article 19.

Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; Then everyone can advise in any way to advertise something to express their opinion or can seek to get an opinion regardless of whether they are citizens or foreigners.

Article 20.

Everyone has the right to belong to a peace group. It is also clear that some people can get together without sin.

No one should be forced to join a group he doesn’t want.

Article 21.

Everyone has the right to participate in the respect of his country. The person can enter directly or can pay by open vote.

Everyone has the right to equal access to public service in his country.

What the people want is what their government should do. This office is held by a simple, invisible ballot, and every seventeen-year-old votes for one.

Article 22.

It is the duty of every state to protect every citizen. It must be through the strength of the nation or an alliance between that nation and another nation that every citizen enjoys happiness and prosperity in proportion to the economy, crops, and culture of that nation.

Article 23.

Everyone has the right to work. There should also be no obstacles to any work that everyone wants to do. The law should not protect employees from disclosure, and ensures safety in their jobs.

Equal pay for equal work should be paid without discrimination.

Everyone has the right to work, to free choice of employment, to just and favorable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment.

Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests.

Article 24 .

Everyone has the right to rest and leisure, including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay. Sometimes the person is allowed to eat paid afoofi.

Article 25.

Everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks. The basic necessities of life include food, clothing, shelter, medical care and all other necessities of life, and even in the event of loss of employment or disability, or widowhood, or old age, or any other cause of distress through no fault of his own.

Mothers, especially those who carry children and children, should all be given special assistance. A child born through a good marriage is a sebe, all stepchildren are children who need good care without discrimination.

Article 26.

Everyone has the right to education. Early childhood education is a free basic education. It is compulsory for every child to attend primary school. More technology and crafts should be opened up, and if one is able to do so, one can continue in a university, without discrimination.

The main benefit of education is that a person learns to improve his life, to know his responsibilities, and to understand his freedoms better. It shall promote understanding, tolerance and friendship among all nations, racial or religious groups, and shall contribute to the achievement of the goals of the United Nations for the attainment of peace in all parts of the world.

It is the first and foremost responsibility of all parents to determine the kind of education they want their children to receive in the future.

Article 27.

It is the duty of every human being to cherish his culture, to participate in all its activities, and to enjoy the benefits of Natural Philosophy.

Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.

Article 28.

Everyone has the right to live happily and peacefully in his country or country, in accordance with the Declaration of the United Nations.

Article 29.

It is the duty of every human being to contribute his or her strength and wisdom to the development of the environment in which he or she lives, for it is there that he or she has become what he or she is.

Although, everyone should be self-reliant, doing what is comfortable, in order to avoid excessive happiness that causes harm to his clients, everyone should abide by the laws of his country or society to which he belongs, so that pluralistic political life protects human well-being.

These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.

Article 30

This Declaration is made without regard to any nation or group of people. This Declaration shall not be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein.