FREEDOM and Justice

The Republic of Ghana

It's all right.

Budget for the Year 2021

This leaflet is a summary of the Budget and Finance Policy 2021

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

The cost to the public

The Government of Ghana's 2021 Financial Policy and Finance Communication for Citizens is available online at:

www.mofep.gov.gh

If you would like to receive this form, please contact the Treasury Department at the following address:

Office of public relations

New building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or 003

P. O. Box MB 40

Accra Ghana

This article is part of an ongoing series of articles on the subject.

Translated by:

Bureau of Ghana Languages

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

His words

This is a list of publications that have been published in the Official Journal of the United Nations.

This is a list of notable events in music that took place in the year 2000 in the United Kingdom.

The information provided by the CUSTOMER to the CUSTOMER is as follows: ...............................

This is a list of all the different ways 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is credited in the database 1 is

What is the economic impact in 2020? 1

The financial report for the year 2021 and the financial statements 5

What is the name of the temple?

COVID 19 is a pandemic that is spreading across the globe ................................... 8

Cities and their people . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

This is a list of all the different ways ................................... is credited in the database.

Translations of specific terms of the budget 29

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

Published

Issue 1: Staff recruited by government hospitals 21

2nd edition: The number of cases that have been completed................................ 24

3rd edition: Projects included in ........................... 25

Published by Jehovah's Witnesses

Explanatory note 1: The amount of money expected by the Government from July to Summer 2020 (in Ghana billion)

Explanatory note 2nd edition: Summary of expenditure by the Government from July to Summer 2020 (in billion Ghanaians)

Explanation 3rd edition: Balance of sources from which the Government expects to raise funds in FY2021 (in billion Ghanaians dirhams) 6

4th edition of the report: Projects planned by the Government in FY 2021 and the amount of money it has committed to the projects has been estimated (in billion Ghanaians).................... 8

iii✔ Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

Now is the time for us to unite without party affiliation, and work together to make Ghana the country that it should be.

H.E. Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo was born in

(This is an excerpt from the President's State of the Union Address to Congress during the 2021 Budget.)

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

The Story of a Rich Citizen

In the summer of 2020, Ghanaians will vote for President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo to extend his mandate for another four years.The confidence of the people in this Government is undeniable.

The 2021 Budget is a landmark budget that focuses on how we rebuild our economy to protect our citizens, mitigate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, and do our utmost to improve Ghana's economy in the post-COVID-19 pandemic era.We have built the Budget on our goal of introducing new changes to the country's leadership in order to remain economically independent.

Over most of the past four years, we have reinvigorated our economy by implementing a number of key initiatives: we have promoted macro-economic policies, we have launched tax incentive programs, we have implemented various initiatives, we have supported the private sector, and we have also promoted social welfare. At the end of February 2019, we introduced a number of reforms to our economic policies. This is in line with the benchmarks we have maintained for macro-economic policies and how other global economies have appreciated Ghana's progress during the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has affected the global economy, including Ghana.

The COVID-19 pandemic has brought many challenges to our work and daily lives. However, the Government has recognized the impact of the disease on us as a nation and has implemented a number of initiatives to restore the health of the workforce. We have not completely lost hope, because we have found many new ways to do what is necessary. The Government is committed to ensuring that we are healthy.

Despite our difficult times, you have been at the forefront of our efforts to rebuild our economy and grow. We have trained 1.2 million students in secondary schools to build their future. We have repaired bankruptcies and paid off many of their investors.

Of course, we have encountered some challenges in our development. The government is actively working on various initiatives to address these challenges in order to provide relief in our operations. For example, we have supported micro-enterprises with an amount of 750 million Ghanaians under the Microfinance Initiative in FY2020 and so on.

Now, we are being asked to help each other, and we are doing more than we thought we would for the betterment of the country. We will do this by continuing the important projects that we are working on for the common good. We must work hard in our efforts for the betterment of the country, as we have committed ourselves wholeheartedly to serve the people of Ghana with all our strength.

God bless us all.

May the nation of Ghana live forever!

Ken Ofori-Atta, Minister of Finance

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

The Story of His Life

1. The Budget 2021 is a summary of the work done by the Government in Budget 2020 and the amount of money it expects to provide for the protection of its policies and operations in Budget 2021. The theme of the Budget 2021 is "Continuation, completion and completion of development projects". The reason for the selection of this theme is that over the past several years, new development projects have been planned to start in the new Budget. This impedes some of the progress already being made. This puts us at a disadvantage, not only because of our late salaries, but also because of the delays in the payment of salaries, which overwhelms the cost of the construction work because of the delays in the payment of salaries.

2.In February 2021, the Government decided to undertake a new strategic plan with the aim of eliminating the developmental delays to complete the developmental work that had already begun.

What will happen in 2020?

The Power of Big Money

3. The allegations related to the operation of economic policies in FY 2020 are as follows:

• Gross domestic product (GDP) growth in the first nine months of the year was 0.2 percent.

• Non-oil gross domestic product for the first nine months of the year is 0.4, and it is expected to grow by 1.6 percent by the end of the year;

• Value-added at the end of the year stood at 10.4 per cent despite the revised target of 11.0 per cent;

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

• The cost of completing the budget is 11.7 percent of gross domestic product, while the revised target is 11.4 percent of gross domestic product;

• The amount of money the Government will have to add to the budget is 5.3 percent of gross domestic product, whereas the target is 4.6;

• The country's debt holdings amounted to 8.6 Billion U.S. dollars ($8.6 Billion), the equivalent of 4.1 months' worth of government imports.

How Money Is Spent and How It Is Spent

How Much Money the Government Gained

4. In the 2020 Budget, the Government expects to receive 53.7 billion Ghanaian shekels as a result of taxes and other government grants for development and other projects. At the end of 2020, the Government's revenue was 55.1 billion Ghanaian shekels. This amount is higher than expected and increased by 1.5 billion Ghanaian shekels. This is due to the Government's emphasis on excise taxes on the country's trade and tourism through the implementation of the Tax Revenue and Welfare Scheme. This has resulted in a more efficient and effective collection and administration of taxes.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

Appendix 1. Expected Government funding from July to Summer 2020 (in billion Ghanaians).

60.0 53.7 55.1

50.0 42.6 40.7

40.0

30.0

20.0

10.0 4.55.0 3.83.6 3.42.8 1.21.2

0.0

Government revenue from taxes and fines

Money that is tax-exempt

Non-essential and tax-exempt funds

Government revenues from oil and gas sales

Other taxes (part of ESLA & SSNIT money going to NHIL)

Donated to the Government

A revised budget

Variable set of money

How Governments Manage Money

5. By the end of 2020, the Government had spent 100.1 billion Ghanaians (including waterways) whereas the Government should have spent 97.7 billion Ghanaians. The planned expenditure included benefits and other costs. As shown in the second edition of the report, the amount paid by the Government in 2020 was higher than the planned expenditure. Other reasons why the amount paid by the Government in 2020 was higher than the planned expenditure are as follows:

• Government recruitment and placement of healthcare professionals who are at the forefront of COVID-19 patient care

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

In addition to their salaries, many retired soldiers received benefits from the government.

• Government spending on COVID-19 awareness campaigns; and

• The government has also invested in development projects that will help the country to curb the COVID-19 epidemic.

6.It is important to note that the Government allocated an amount of 44.9 billion Ghanaian Shillings in addition to the tax and allocation of 55.1 billion Ghanaian Shillings to the Government for development in FY2020.

Debt release 2nd edition: How the government spent money from February 2020 debt to summer debt (in Ghana billion)

Inequalities in the financial system 0 2.21

Debt owed to the government 1.44 1.44

Other uses of money 12.18

Funding for development projects 12.08 14.09

Government subsidies to governmental agencies 9.33 11.88

Government expenditures paid interest 11.81 26.6

Expenditure on equipment and services 7.39 26.27

Fines for civil servants 7.74 27.06 28.27

Government expenditures paid to the father 100.53 97.74

0 20 40 60 80 100 120

A changeable amount of money owed by the deceased

A revised budget

Accounts receivable for fiscal year 2020

7.As of FY2020, our outstanding debt amounted to 291.6 billion Ghanaiansinds (US$50.8 billion), equivalent to 76.1 percent of the country's outstanding commodity debt.This amount includes the amount required by the Government to repay bank loans and interest accrued from customers and the cost of electricity to the private sector.

Government of Ghana - Fiscal 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

In 2020, the debt ratio (excluding the amount paid by the Government to borrowers) was 71.5% of the gross domestic product. The debt ratio in 2020 is as follows:

• Foreign debt amounts to 141.7 billion Ghanaian shekels (24.7 billion U.S. dollars), or 48.6 percent of the total debt;

• Our public debt is 149.8 billion Ghanaian shekels (26.1 billion U.S. dollars), or 51.4 percent of the total debt.

The 2021 Annual Budget and Financial Plans

Goal of Big Finance in 2021

8. Government policies and activities related to the economy (such as taxation and spending) affect the economy in a few years. The 2021 Monetary Policy is based on the following major economic objectives or criteria:

• Gross domestic product will increase by 5.0%;

• Gross domestic product (GDP) will increase by 6.7% in the absence of oil;

• By the end of the year, interest rates will fall to 8.0%;

• The amount of money required by the Government in addition to the amount it expects to raise before implementing the development measures will be 9.5% of gross domestic product;

• The amount that the Government will need to supplement its budget before completing the development will be 1.3% of gross domestic product; and

• Export earnings not incurred by the Government shall not be less than the value of goods imported by the Government from the exporting country in any four (4) months.

Government Expectations for 2021

9.Government expects the aggregate revenue and revenues for 2021 to be 72.5 billion Ghanaian Shillings.The amount of revenue the Government expects to receive in 2021 is given in the 3rd edition of the report.

Government of Ghana - Fiscal 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

Explanatory Note 3rd edition: Comparison of Expected Costs to be Received by the Government in FY2021 (in Billion Ghanaians)

What Does the Bible Really Teach? 1/15

Other taxes 4.9

Fuel tanks 5.4

Tax-exempt funds (excluding oil) 7.1

Taxable income (excluding oil) 53.6

Income taxed 55.8

Total government revenue and expenditures 72.5

RELIGIOUS buildings

10. The Government has introduced various tax relief schemes in the Finance Bill 2021 for continuing development and mitigating the impacts of COVID-19 disease. The tax relief schemes are as follows:

• The government has imposed a one percent (1%) tax on the NHIS as a means of supporting COVID-19 eradication measures;

• The government introduced 10 pesos per litre of petrol (petrol/diesel) under the Gambling Act to address sanitation issues, promote ethics and reduce gambling-related deaths and diseases;

• The government imposed a 20 pesos per litre (petrol/diesel) tariff on citizens under the Oil and Electricity Restoration Plan to provide electricity to power stations in

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

In the case of self-employed workers, where the electrical system was not working;

The government has mandated banks to pay 5 per cent of their pre-tax profits over the next five years in order to bolster the operations of banks and credit unions. This plan will be reviewed in 2024;

The Government arranged for the Ministry of Economy and the Ministry of Civil Affairs to supervise the activities of the gambling industry and to meet with those involved in the gambling industry to formulate measures that would improve their financial situation through gambling programs; and

Car rental fees will be reviewed to match current rates, and the Work Performance Tax Act of 2018 (Act 983) will be revised to automatically change the value of the fee from year to year compared to the previous year, as published by the Office of Administrative Litigation.

Funding for Activities in 2021

11. The government plans to spend 113.8 billion dollars on its operations, as indicated in footnote 4.

A total of 41.3 billion Ghanaian cents will be borrowed from rural communities and local businesses to help finance the program.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

Report 4th edition: Projects planned by the Government in 2021 and the estimated amount of funding for the projects (in Billion Ghanaians)

Payment of government debts. 3.7

Other uses of money

The amount of government subsidies to government agencies. 18.1

Government spending yields 35.9

Government spending on development projects

Government spending on the purchase of goods and services. 6.0

The salary of civil servants is 30.3 percent.

Total government expenditures. 113.8

COVID-19 REPORT on the outbreak of the pandemic in Ghana

12.This section focuses on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy, particularly in Ghana.It also discusses the measures taken by the Government to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and mitigate its impact.

The Effects of COVID-19

13. The global outbreak of COVID-19 at the end of 2019 has had a devastating impact on communities, jobs, and the global economy, leading to widespread economic collapse, job losses, economic collapse, and economic devastation. In addition, the disease has claimed more than 2.6 million lives worldwide.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

14.In Ghana, as of the last week of February 2020, the prevalence of the disease increased from 11 to 781 cases per week before decreasing to 104 cases per week in the last week of February 2020.In February 2021, another strain of the disease began to spread again and increased from 99 cases in the first week of July to 880 cases per week on the 5th day of July.

15.As part of measures to contain the spread of COVID-19, the Government imposed a curfew on Ghanaians, which affected many of the sectors that make up the country's economy, particularly tourism, agriculture, healthcare, transport, handicrafts, housing, finance and education.

This led to the suffering of civil servants, medics, and other non-governmental workers who were excluded from social support, and although this decree was essential to the spread of the disease, it significantly reduced the consumption of goods and services.

17. While the West African countries have complied with these directives, many international organizations have commended the Government of Ghana for its efforts to slow the spread of the disease.

18.As part of another COVID-19 prevention initiative, the World Bank has committed US$100 million to the Government under the COVID-19 Prevention, Treatment, Treatment and Treatment Initiative, which aims to strengthen the country's capacity to prevent, treat, manage and respond to the spread of the pandemic.

Treatment at ongoing awards ceremonies

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

This is a testament to the government's commitment to patient care, testing, and rehabilitation.

19. The government also provides relief in the following ways:

• Government support for companies to prevent layoffs, and support for families during this difficult time;

• The government provided food assistance to the citizens from the Fall of 2020 till the end of Summer and provided food to the underprivileged during the mandatory holidays;

Free water for all

• The government distributed 1827,581 and 917,142 servings of food to impoverished populations in the regions of Gye and Kumasi;

• The government and religious groups distributed raw food to 470,000 families during the curfew;

• Provision of free water to 10,125,620 citizens through the Water Resources Department of Ghana;

• The government brought back Ghanaian nationals who had stayed abroad under the anti-travel ban under the Repatriation Scheme;

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

• The Government has supported small businesses with a grant of GNA 750 million under the Support Services for Coronavirus Loss Mitigation Scheme to mitigate the impact of the disease on small businesses. It has also supported 277,511 small businesses with a grant of GNA 412.88 million; and

• The Government has launched the National COVID-19 Prevention Campaign and has secured ₹57.13 million through public donations. As of 31st February 2020, ₹45.22 million of this amount has been spent on healthcare and medical supplies for selected COVID-19 patients. Additionally, food has been distributed to the elderly, disabled and poor, and transportation has been provided to selected clinics where COVID-19 patients are being treated and so on.

20. Supporting Citizens During COVID-19 Pandemic Period in 2021: The Government will start implementing the following additional measures in 2021 to provide relief to the people, especially those most affected by the disease:

• Tax Relief: The government will impose tax relief at a rate of one percent every three months for the following sectors starting from the fourth quarter of FY2021: hotels, restaurants, education, arts, tourism, travel and tourism;

• Certification of Tax Payment: The government has suspended the quarterly payment of tax for small enterprises and this scheme will be implemented from the fourth quarter of FY2021.

• Transportation Tax: The Government has introduced the quarterly payment of motor vehicle and head tax with effect from the fourth month of FY 2021 as part of the reduction of traffic congestion measures; and

• Tax-exempt companies: The government will exempt tax-exempt companies and individuals

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

Companies and individuals participating in this competition must register with the Department of Taxation and ensure that they have paid their outstanding taxes for the first three months.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

THE founding of Ghana

21.The Government has launched the COVID-19 Disease Impact Reduction, Rehabilitation and Support Industries Initiative on 20th December 2020 to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and provide for the early recovery of industries and economic stability.Indeed, this initiative will bring about significant changes in Ghana's economic landscape and stabilize the production in the country to meet the basic needs of Ghanaians.

22. Ghana's welfare system is based on the objective of employment development, job creation, and job creation. Through this welfare system, the Government is assured that the country's economy will revive and grow through the creation of good and new jobs for the people, especially in the self-employed sector.

23. The following are some of the key functions and programmes to be implemented by the Government under the Ghana Welfare Scheme:

• support large-scale farming programmes and engage school-aged young people in large-scale farming;

• the establishment of production facilities for non-ferrous products in Ghana;

• the development of roadside assistance and the promotion of computer literacy;

• promoting the use of computers;

• promoting domestic violence in Ghana;

• build Ghana to be ahead of the rest of the world;

• review and promote key Government policies; and

• Establishment of a Bank to support national development and policies in Ghana under the Ghana Welfare Scheme.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

24. SPECIAL CITIES and their subjects

This section provides an overview of the work undertaken by various key departments in FY2020, the plans and initiatives planned for FY2021. These plans and initiatives relate to Ghana's National Development Plan which is being implemented from FY2018 to FY2021 and the Sustainable Development Goals for Ghana. The objectives of these plans relate to the objectives of Ghana's Sustainable Development Goals. In addition, the goals we have in place relate to our interactions with other international organizations such as the United Nations 2030 Agenda (Sustainable Development Goals) for Africa and the 2063 Sustainable Development Goals.

A Place of Worship and Worship

Women are selling their produce in the marketplace.

25.The Ministry of Food and Agriculture has also undertaken a number of activities in the implementation of the Funding for Agriculture for Food and Jobs Programme (IFJ, 2018-2021) to reduce poverty and promote economic efficiency through training of workers.In Fiscal 2020, the Government has undertaken the following activities:

• The government subsidized 1,736,510 farmers with wage subsidies and some crops, resulting in high yields for some crops such as maize and creating jobs for many;

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

• The government purchased 7,500 lambs for raising and distributed to 750 farmers in the Western, Eastern, Ashanti, Western and Eastern Districts, and raised 30,000 eggs and distributed them to 3,000 farmers in the Western, Eastern, Ashanti, Western and Eastern Districts. The government purchased 531,100 head of cattle and goats for distribution to farmers and began construction of 11 ranches and 7 water wells for grazing livestock;

• The government is carrying out various irrigation projects and has set up various final stages: the first and second phases of the Tamne project are 90 and 50 percent complete; the second phase of the Mprumem project is 95 percent complete; and the Tano project, which is a reform of the project, has been expanded and modernized by 95 percent;

• 61% of the Kpong project and 72% of the Kpong Left Bank project have been completed;

• The government completed 10 small dams in the Far East, Far West, Far East and Savannah Districts to provide water for domestic use and year-round access to agriculture;

A field where seeds are watered

• The government completed the construction of 21 skyscrapers in accordance with the One Small Area One Skyscraper Strategy;

• Despite the global price drop for coconut, the Government continues to buy coconut from farmers.

Government of Ghana - Fee 2021 Payment to Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

In the 2017/2018 season, the price per tonne of coconut was 7,600 Ghanaian shillings. The government increased this price by 8.42 percent, resulting in a price of 8,240 Ghanaian shillings per tonne of coconut in the 2018/2019 season in order to reduce the burden on coconut farmers; and

The government has sought 110,000 jobs for the public by implementing various policies in the field of chicken farming to stop the migration of people from rural and urban areas to the cities and to promote the issue of chicken farming in the country.

26. In the year 2021, Government:

will continue to distribute crops and fertilizers to farmers to promote the production of crops such as corn, rice, soybeans, barley and oats, and to provide food for the people and to provide food for the countryside;

distribute the 531,100 pets and houses purchased in 2020 to farmers and set up three barns, buy 5 million chickens, buy 20,000 fast-growing chickens for farmers, and distribute the cost of these products to farmers at a 50 percent rate;

purchase of agricultural equipment and equipment worth about US$30 million and distribute it to farmers in order to promote innovative agriculture;

purchase of 97,000 litres of insecticide weighing 14,000 kilograms for the destruction of crop pests and the construction of two glass cells, three livestock for human consumption and 3 million insecticides for the destruction of crop pests; and

will train 64 young people in Akumadan and Bawjiase in a new form of agriculture, a form of subsistence agriculture that has been dismantled.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

What can we learn from the Bible's teachings?

27. In 2020, the Government implemented the Customs Reform Plan, which aims to make Ghana the largest producer of goods in West Africa and other African countries. In 2020, the Government implemented the following tasks:

• Government has implemented 232 units under the Single Local Unit Programme, of which 76 units are currently in operation and 107 units are under construction;

• Government support for eligible enterprises established under the Small Business Initiative by providing them with reimbursements, loans, tax and non-tax incentives. In addition, the Government will also support these enterprises by providing them with transportation to the enterprises, education, and training;

• Government approves 603 million Ghanaian shillings to defray import duties and excise duties for 37 establishments set up under the One Small Business One Company Scheme;

• The Government is seeking GNA 2.3 billion in loans for companies set up under the Single Local Enterprise Scheme by working with companies that invest in services. In addition, the Government is allocating GNA 213 million in loans to companies set up under the Single Local Enterprise Scheme as subsidiary companies;

• The Government has established 37 sub-district offices in 2020 and has recruited, equipped and staffed these offices. These 37 offices have branches in 146 sub-district offices. The Government has also started the construction of 30 more offices which will bring the total number of offices to 67.

• The government supported 110 clothing and accessories importers to boost their operations, and tasked them with implementing quarantine measures to curb the spread of COVID-19 infection.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

• 19.5 million t-shirts, 90,000 medical dresses, 90,000 t-shirts and 50,000 healthcare workers' clothing were sold in 2020.The fabrics used in this blend were produced by three textile companies in Ghana.

8 Promoting good jobs and economic prosperity

9 Establishment and management of commercial enterprises

Small aid centres rebuilt during the COVID-19 pandemic

28.In 2021, the Government will continue the construction of 107 units under the Single Local Unit Scheme and will initiate the construction of 49 more units.

A LOTTIERY WINNER and his assistant

29. In order to ensure the sustainability of the oil and gas sector in the country, the Government has undertaken the following activities in 2020:

• The government has completed 98 per cent of the construction of the Amandi Power 200-megawatt hydroelectric power plant, which will soon be completed and put into operation;

• The government has electrified 388 of the 560 districts under its jurisdiction. This has increased the electricity consumption in the country from 85.0 per cent in July 2020 to 85.2 per cent by the end of 2020.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

electrified more than 10,000 districts under the Electricity for Coffee and Urbanization Initiative;

• The government allocated 1,500 bicycle seats to the public under the Bicycle Extension Plan.

30. In 2021, the Government will continue to ensure the implementation and promotion of the following activities:

• The government will complete the construction of the second phase of the first phase of the 202-megawatt Early Power Plant;

• Governance of energy efficiency programmes in the private sector;

• A multifaceted government in Pwalugu;

• The T3 Gas Machine will be repaired or replaced by the government.

• The government will complete the construction of the first phase of the high-speed train from Kumasi to Bolgatanga (from Kumasi to Kintampo);

• The government will upgrade the 161kv Volta-Achimota-Mallam high-speed railway to increase its efficiency; and

• Construction of the 330kv A4BSP Kokase Electric Power Plant will be completed by the government.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

A Place of Worship

The National Institute of Epidemiology in Ghana

1 The end of poverty

8 Promoting good jobs and economic prosperity

31. In line with the Government's commitment to maintain the health of the people and curb the spread of COVID-19, the Government has undertaken the following activities in 2020:

• The government has started implementing the plans to construct 101 clinics in the sub-region, 7 clinics in the metropolitan region and 2 psychiatric clinics and rehabilitate the Effia-Nkwanta clinic in accordance with the Government Building Strategy Agenda 111;

A drone distributing emergency medical supplies

• The government has provided 488 clinics with a wide range of HIV/AIDS medicines and computer monitors to promote HIV/AIDS and epidemics and 2,343 refrigerators to distribute medicines to hospitals across the country to boost disease control programmes;

Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

The Government has set up four drone stations, GH1 Omenako, GH2 Mpanya, GH3 Vobsi and GH4 Sefwi, to promote technology in healthcare and to promote timely patient care programs; and

The government employs 58,191 healthcare professionals in various healthcare settings. The recruitment of these healthcare professionals is noted in Chapter 1.

Issue 1: Staff Recruited to Government Hospitals

Total number of employees hired. Total number of employees hired in FY2020

I.e. health workers.

2. medical specialists (people who are assigned to wait for a period of time) 8

3. Specialist medical assistants. 637

School-educated nurses. 43,057

5. Other employees (Managers, Cooks and so on) 2,000

6. 150 medical scientists

7. Medical doctors are 150

8. Other health professionals (optical pathologists, forensic pathologists) 4,146

It's like the 50970s.

Number of readings

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

32. The Government has completed the following tasks:

• Completion of housing for health workers in four Small Regional Hospitals under construction in Twifo-Praso, Tepa, Nsawkaw, and Bekwai;

• Completion of the Small Regional Clinics in Sawla, Tolon, Somanya, Buipe, and Ueta, and the polyclinic in Bamboi; and

• Construction of nine small clinics has been completed at Wiaboman in the District of Ghent, Antwirifo in the District of Bono, Kofiasua in the District of Bono, Mantewareso Bono in the District of Ahafo, Amakyekrom in the District of Bono, Mewerenfiwuo in the District of Bono, Samproso in the District of Ashanti, Koforidua (near Offinso) in the District of Ashanti, and Akaaso in the Western District.

33. The Government also supports 13 government health institutes and nine private health laboratories by providing them with state-of-the-art equipment to promote COVID-19 testing in the country, including: Kumasi Centre for Collaborative Research (KCCR); National Public Health Reference Laboratory (NPHRL); Veterinary Services Department (VSD) Laboratory; University of Allied Health Sciences (UAHS); Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR); and other private health institutes.

34. In the fiscal year 2021, the Government:

• promoting the Low-Cost Health Care Improvement Programme in order to integrate the epidemiological activities of the health system and to enact legislation to ensure timely treatment of patients;

• continue the construction of public health clinics and the provision of equipment in line with the activities of Agenda 111;

• continue to work in the following clinics:

○ Koforidua Regional Medical Center;

○ Shama Regional Medical Center;

○ The Great Healing Center;

○ Hispanic Medical Center;

22✔ Government of Ghana - Fiscal 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

○ rebuild the chemical plant;

○ Nkoranza Regional Medical Center; and

○ attend the emergency room at the Dorma clinic.

• continue the vaccination process by distributing vaccines collected from different locations and COVAX to the public to slow the spread of COVID-19 disease.

A CULTURE WITH CREATORS AND MISSIONS In which the words of the psalmist are used.

9

Establishment and management of manufacturing facilities

11

The noise of cities and towns

Pokuase Railway junction (the main railway lines in the Greater Accra Region)

35. The Government has undertaken its duty under the directives to take steps for improving the transportation of persons and goods through the construction and maintenance of trucks and small trucks through the implementation of the following tasks in FY 2020 and so on:

• 25,048 km of highways, 11,061 km of rural and urban roads and 5,535 km of urban roads were repaired;

• 62 kilometers (62 mi) of highways, 120 kilometers (62 mi) of rural and urban roads, and 120 kilometers (62 mi) of urban roads have been paved, paved, and repaired

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

In addition, 648 kilometers (640 mi) of archery were completed, as shown in Figure 2.

2nd edition: Finished treatments:

What is it?

Yes. Yes. Ashongman, Lapaz (Petroleum), Airport Residential Area, Trinity Seminary, Ga Central, Kwashiman-Ofankor, Chapel Street/Link, Dzorwulu, Tema East, Dansoman, East Legon, Tantra Hill, Ga West Locations, Tema, Baatsona, Shiashie, Burma Camp, Roman Ridge, Ofankor. This is also the name of the airport.

East Kyebi, Koforidua, Oda, Suhum, Nana Asafo Adjei Mile 50, Akim Oda

Far East. Large regional health clinic in Bolga

West; Chapel Hill, Kwesimintim Sawmill, Assakae, New Takoradi, and GPHA Quarters

Ashanti.* Tech Jnc Anloga Jnc, Tafo, Suame, Moshie Zongo, Buokrom, Kwadaso, Bantama, Manhyia, Mampong, Obuasi, Subin

Central Winneba (Anglican Church Copa Jnc. Rd.), Winneba Street, Bawjiase Street, Swedru SHS Street

Drinking water

Hohoe City Roads, Kempen County Roads

36. In the year 2021,

• The government will continue to improve the maintenance of the national toll roads so that the cost of maintaining them is not wasted. In addition, the use of computerised toll collection will be introduced to facilitate the collection of taxes for the payment of toll roads but also for the maintenance of toll roads;

• Ensure that heavy vehicles do not overload, so as to minimize maintenance costs;

• Commencing critical projects as outlined in Volume 3:

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

Issue 3 - The Work That Has Been Accomplished

Cities and towns.

The trucking line from Dufor Adidome Asikuma Highway (length 39.2 km) and the trucking line from Asutuare Aveyime (length 23.9 km) will be added to the 2 bridges to be built at Dufor Adidome and Asikuma Highway.

A dam will be built on the Amugã river in Volivo.

165.8km of the Tatale-Zabzugu-Yendi-Tamale highway is to be repaired.

Zabzugu Nakpali Bimbila trucking roads are to be repaired. 73.6km

The Dome Kitase parking lot will be repaired.

Roofs will be built in Buipe, Yapei and Daboya. 3No.

The first leg of the 17km walk will be held in Tema.

There will be a Tema-Akosombo truck ride 64.7km

Construction of Assin Praso Assin Foso Line 2 of the N8 highway 60km

Part 2 of the Tema Motorway Ranabauti will be built. 1No.

The 50No. portion of the floor will be made of steel.

Some Kumasi roads will be repaired.

Selected streets of Yes and Tema will be paved and plastered. 100km

Selected roads will be repaired in Tamale & Yendi (in Genghazi District), Nalerigu, Walewale & Gambaga (in Genghazi East District) and Damango (in Savannah District) and extended by 100km.

Government of Ghana - Fiscal 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

A Place of Worship

4 The Great Horned Owl

5 Equal opportunities for men and women

8 Promoting good jobs and economic prosperity

High school students are implementing measures to slow the spread of COVID-19.

37.To ensure access to quality education for all by 2020, the Government has introduced a new curriculum for Primary and Secondary Schools which was launched in 2017.

• About 153,000 primary to sixth grade teachers were trained on the new curriculum across the country. 290 school administrators were trained on the implementation of the new curriculum;

• 956 student textbooks published by various publishing houses were reviewed and approved for use under the New Curriculum. The President and his councils approved the SHS and JHS Curriculum, Part II of the Curriculum Development;

• 20 new libraries were established across the country bringing the number of Government libraries to 90 and 10 municipal libraries and 33 secondary school libraries were upgraded to promote literacy;

• A total of 157,000 textbooks on the new curriculum were distributed to teachers throughout the country, and 4,086 teachers were trained to become instructors

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

other provinces and municipalities joined 152,000 teachers in implementing the new curriculum;

• 840 pickup trucks, 350 buses, and 2,000 motorcycles were distributed to school officials for recreational use;

• Continued implementation of the Free Secondary Education Scheme which has resulted in an increase in the number of secondary school students participating in the Scheme. In the academic year 2016/2017, the number of students was 813,448 and in the academic year 2019/2020 the number was increased to 1,200,580; and

• School buildings built to accommodate students under the Free Secondary Education Scheme:

o Completed 539 of the 1,119 secondary schools started in 2017; and

o 28 regional high schools have been completed under the Secondary Education Improvement Plan.

38. In the year 2021, Government:

• train 11,997 teachers from kindergarten to 6th grade under the New Curriculum and train 95,000 teachers under the New JHS and SHS Curriculum.

• First examinations will be held for second- and fourth-grade students in all primary schools across the country;

• continue to provide nine vocational schools under the Free Secondary Education Scheme;

• the establishment of 20 STEAM centers in the country in order to promote the fields of Science, Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Engineering and Mathematics.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

The End

39. In FY2021, the Government will continue to support industry, development, agriculture, commodity sector and private sector. Therefore, we call upon all citizens to do their utmost and support the Government so that Ghana can move forward so that the results of our efforts are available to all.

40. God bless our country Ghana!

Government of Ghana - Fiscal 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

Interpretation of specific financial terms

Small-Scale Industrial Revolution: The creation of small-scale manufacturing and manufacturing industries to improve the country's manufacturing and economic development, with the goal of creating more jobs for the country's citizens.

Accountability: It is the duty of a Government to render an account to the citizens of the administration of its affairs, public finances, and assets under its control.

Distribution of funds and assets: The process by which the Government distributes funds and assets to governmental agencies.

Reduce problems: To minimize a problem or suffering.

Science, Engineering, Mechanics, Engineering, and Mathematics: These subjects are important in the development of education and curriculum to promote the use of science and technology.

Budget: A budget is an arrangement by which the government determines where the money will come from and how it will be used. For example, a family may plan how much money they have and how it will be spent (e.g., rent, electricity, housing, and food).

Fiscal mismanagement: This occurs when the Government spends more money than it receives or when the amount spent is more than it receives.

Government development costs: This is the amount that the government spends on major development projects such as parking, schools, health facilities, highways, transportation, water supply, roads, and so on.

Government Salaries and Allowances: These include government salaries and allowances paid to government employees, Social Security benefits paid to retired government employees, bonuses paid to government employees, and so on.

Government of Ghana - Fiscal 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

Forward-looking lenders: These are countries and organizations that provide assistance to other countries by lending to them in order to meet their forward-looking goals. Forward-looking lenders may be institutions or groups of countries, such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank (AfDB), etc. Forward-looking lenders may be a single country, such as Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States of America (USA), etc.

End-of-year inflation: An increase in the price of goods at the end of the year or in the Spring (December) period.

Overspending: This occurs when government spending exceeds the budget.

ESLA Law: Oil and Electricity Tax Law

Disfellowshipping: The process by which a person is disfellowshipped from a congregation.

Free Secondary Education: The Free Secondary Education Scheme introduced by the Government of Ghana under the chairmanship of President Nana Akufo-Addo in February 2017 provides an opportunity for elementary school students who pass the final examination to attend free secondary school under the Free Secondary Education Scheme.

Taxation: These are the laws that regulate the collection and administration of taxes by the Government.

Government Grants: These are a variety of grants made by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to the government for its development, usually without government funding.

Government Grants: These include funds from the District Assemblies Common Fund (DACF), the Disability Fund, the Ghana Education Trust Fund (GETFUND), the Regional Fund and the National Health Fund, among others.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and failures.

Customs: This is the total amount of goods and services produced in a country at a particular time.

National debt: This is the country's ability to borrow and lend foreign goods and labour in a given period of time, and also the country's ability to balance its finances with those of other countries.

Cost of goods: This is the cost of producing goods and services at a particular time.

The Progressive Poverty Reduction Plan: The NPP is one of the Government's key policies aimed at eradicating poverty and achieving equality between the unemployed and the underprivileged, particularly in urban development.

Government loans: These are loans paid to governments, banks, and financial institutions that lend money to the government for its development, whether domestic or international.

Economic Policy Objectives: These are measures used to measure economic activity, such as economic growth, commodity prices, changes in employment and trade with other countries. The success or failure of government economic policies and other policies implemented by the Central Bank of Ghana affect the economy of the country.

The Small Business Development Program: Small businesses are usually companies that employ a small number of people and have low operating costs.

Outsourcing: The part of a government contract that involves the execution of unplanned tasks.

Risk Reduction Plan: This refers to plans in place to minimize the impact of certain events.

Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

Employment for the Unemployed: This is a scheme introduced by the Government of Ghana to provide employment for graduates of secondary schools in order to alleviate social problems in the Public and Private Sector and to develop their skills for the promotion of the country's economic development.

Small Business Administration: This is a non-profit government agency under the Department of Commerce and Industry whose mission is to promote the growth and development of small businesses.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): Gross domestic product (GDP) is the total value of all final goods and services produced by a nation's economy, excluding oil revenues.

Non-Tax Revenues: Revenues received by the government that are not subject to taxation, such as license fees and administrative fees, may be donated to the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania, Inc.

Government Accounts Receivable: This includes payments made by the Government to government agencies through the Department of the Treasury and the remaining amounts owed by the Government in Fiscal Year 2016.

Balance of payments: This is the amount of money or debt that is left over if the government takes the amount of money used into its balance sheet (excluding government expenditures), usually expressed as a percentage of gross domestic product.

The Government Finance Facility: The objective of the facility is to promote financial policy, financial management and accountability of the Government of Ghana. The facility aims to ensure the efficient use of the Government's resources, the efficient allocation of funds and resources and the promotion of operational issues through the implementation of policies and the safeguarding of the competence of the institutions.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: Economic recovery through advances, completions, and bankruptcies.

Economic growth: The rate at which Ghana's economy will grow in one year.

The PFI Program: The Self-Employed Funding Advance Program

Government Revenues: This is the total revenue the government receives from domestic and foreign sources for its operations, excluding government expenditures.

Animal Husbandry for Employment: The Government of Ghana's initiative to promote livestock breeding programs to increase animal reproduction and reduce the export of animals and animal products from rural areas and to promote animal husbandry-related employment issues.

Civil Assistance: This is a form of assistance provided by the Government to citizens through the distribution of water and electricity.

Relief: This is a monetary reward given by the Government to citizens in order to alleviate economic hardship.

Observation: This involves paying close attention.

Explanation: This is the government's timely announcement to the public of its operations so that the government's activities are made clear to the public.

Instructional and Learning Materials: These are the animate and inanimate objects, human and non-human objects that teachers use in teaching to protect the goals and outcomes of teaching.

Finances and services: The amount of money paid by the Government for its operations and administrative affairs.

Value Added Tax (VAT): A tax levied on the supply of goods or services.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance.