FREEDOM and JUSTICE Republic of Ghana

The EVE

The year is 2023.

This leaflet is a summary of the 2023 Budget and Finance Policy.

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, liberalization and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Government of Ghana - Fiscal year 2023 Budget for Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Where Citizens Can Get Enlightened

The Government of Ghana's 2023 Budget and Fiscal Policy Statement for Citizens is available online at:

www.mofep.gov.gh

If you would like to receive this form, please contact the Treasury Department at the following address:

Office of public relations

New building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or 003

P. O. Box MB 40

Accra Ghana

Email to info@mofep.gov.gh

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Wait, in the heading: Wait, look at Wait, the 'f' has a straight bottom on the baseline. It's just Wait, let's check by line very carefully. Line 1-2 (top box): Wait, this is one paragraph? Yes, it's wrapped in two lines inside quotes.

on its own line before EVERY paragraph, heading, list item, caption or text box. Text of one paragraph goes on the lines after its marker; join lines that are only wrapped (and de-hyphenate words split across lines)." So:

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, liberalisation and stability through various activities Next, the heading:

Details Next, the Table of Contents entries: Entry 1:

4 Wait, let's count the dots or just put the dots? Let's see: ` Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation of the dots Explanation

This is a list of all the different ways in which English is spoken in the United Kingdom.

This is a list of all the different ways ........................................... is credited in the database.

This is a list of all the different ways in which money can be used to make money in the country of your choice.

Wait, is the second letter `Đ` or `Ɖ`? Both are `Ɖ`.

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

We are currently experiencing a crisis caused by rising oil prices, high government debt and high oil prices in developing countries, which have resulted in lower inflows and exports and economic hardships for our citizens. However, we are still single.

Government of Ghana Budget 2023 for Citizens

Reconstruction of traditional prisons, restoration of equality and stability through various forms of taxation and taxation

Getting to Know You

It is an undeniable fact that this year has been one of the most challenging economic years for the country. Like the rest of the world, we have been affected by the Covid-19 pandemic in the first three quarters of 2020.

As we emerge from the ravages of the Kovid-19 pandemic and begin implementing transformative policies, a series of obstacles have emerged. These obstacles have undermined the economic gains we have seen from 2017 to 2019. The first was the collapse of Russia and Ukraine. The country's growing need for development financing and rising interest rates have led to an increase in borrowing and interest rates and a fall in the value of the Ghanaian yen.

Despite the decrease in the cost of borrowing from external sources, the cost of exporting goods has increased. In addition, the increase in the cost of borrowing has also increased the burden on our economy. This has made it difficult for us to live together, both the Government and the citizens. The expansion of the oil market has led to a sharp increase in the price of many goods and services, reaching an average of 40.4 percent in the year 2022.

These are difficult times that we are facing as a nation and the Government understands the suffering that these have caused us.

Government of Ghana 2023 Budget for Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

As the Government, we are grateful to the various individuals who have contributed to the country's funding initiatives such as the Parliament, Recruitment Agencies, Various Agencies, Citizens' Agencies, Religious Organizations, Commission on Taxation in Ghana, Business Credit Union in Ghana, Academies, Planners and Ghanaians who have patiently accompanied us through this difficult time as we strive to solve our problems.

I would like to assure all Ghanaians that the Government is working on policies to re-establish the main economic policies and promote taxation, implement reforms, expand computer science and development, reduce unnecessary goods imported from rural areas, promote domestic production in rural areas, make exported goods in rural areas more affordable to the rural population and free of crime and crime.

What we have learned as a people in this time has made it necessary for us to re-establish our economic strategy, to do it better, to come out of this difficult time stronger and stronger, and may the Lord sustain and strengthen us to do so.

God's blessing be with you.

Ken Ofori-Atta, Minister of Finance

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

The Story of His Life

1. The Fiscal Year 2023 Budget is the work done by the Government in Fiscal Year 2022 and the amount of money it expects to raise for the implementation of its policies and initiatives. The subject of the Fiscal Year 2023 Budget is: Restoration of Capital Markets, Enhancement and Sustainability through Multiple Activities Funded by Growth and Value Added Taxes.

2. In the past, there have been many innovations and innovations that have failed, which not only cost us money, but also cost us a lot of money, which increases the cost of innovation, because we make a profit from the innovations that we have failed to pay.

In FY 2023, the Government will plan and implement new pilot projects, but will ensure that all existing pilot projects are completed.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

REPORT on the financial crisis of 2022

The Power of Big Money

5. In the Revised Financial Policy Consolidation of FY 2022 as outlined in the FY Subsection, the Government intends to achieve the following objectives in FY 2022:

i. The national excise duty shall be increased by 3.7 per cent;

ii. The national debt of goods and services will be increased by 4.3% in the absence of immigration;

iii. The rate of increase or decrease in the price of goods at the end of the tariff shall be 28.5 per cent;

iv. The amount to be financed by the Government for the implementation of the programme shall be 6.6 per cent of the gross national product tax;

v. The remaining amount shall be equal to 0.4 per cent of the gross debt; and

The Government's debt-to-GDP ratio is expected to be at least three-and-a-half-months higher than the national average for goods and services imported by the Government.

6. The economic crisis from July to August 2022 shows that the global and domestic crises continue to affect the country's economic policies, resulting in a sharp fall in the Ghanaian debt, an increase in commodity prices, a burden on the government, and a decline in the economy.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payments to Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

The country's monetary policy has been plagued by problems, and the country's monetary policy has been undermined by problems from developing countries. Despite the government's plans to raise taxes and how to use the money to fund monetary policy, these problems continue to plague the country. The allegations of monetary policy operations that have not yet been approved, from July to August 2022 are as follows:

vii. The national excise duty has increased by 4.0 per cent compared to the FY2021 rate which increased by 3.9 per cent in the same period;

The price of goods rose from 33.9 percent in December to 37.2 percent in June, and then to 40.4 percent in July. Food and non-food goods were all affected by the price increase.

ix. The amount of money required by the Government to complete the development is 7.4% of the national debt, whereas the target is 6.2% of the national debt. However, the remaining amount is 2.0% of the national debt, whereas the target is 1% of the national debt.

10 | Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Payment of the 2021 debt, as well as of the previous debts and the remaining debts in this debt.

x. Until the end of February 2022, the country's debt-to-GDP ratio was 75.9 percent, compared to 76.7 percent at the end of February 2021.

xi. The Government's outstanding debt amounted to USD 6,591.8 million, equivalent to foreign exchange rate for 2.9 months, at the end of February 2022, whereas the outstanding debt amounted to USD 9,695.2 million (equivalent to foreign exchange rate for 4.3 months) at the end of February 2021; and

xii. The Ghanaian penny has a weighted average of 54.2% when divided into US Dollars, compared to 48.5% when divided into British Pounds, compared to 3.1% at the end of February 2021.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

The City's Budget for 2022 and How It Was Spent

7. Global and domestic challenges are further addressed in the Financial Policy Framework for FY2022, which is reviewed in the FY Memorandum.

8.Accusations related to the Government's monetary policy from July to August in FY 2022 show that the Government did not achieve the expected amount of money, but the Government has adhered to the monetary policy objectives from time to time as set.

How Much Money the Government Receives

9.Government receipts and allocations to the Government amounted to 65,399 million Ghanaian Shillings (11.0 per cent of the national debt) while the amount the Government expected to receive was 67,307 million Ghanaian Shillings (11.4 per cent of the national debt) and the Government received 49,108 million Ghanaian Shillings (10.7 per cent of the national debt) in FY 2022.

10. The government had to pay 1.909 million Ghanaian dirhams or 2.8 percent of the national debt in order to supplement the government's expected income. This would result in an economic surplus of 33.2 percent over the previous debt. The reason for the failure of the government to achieve its expected income was that it could not collect the various taxes expected as planned.

11.Various taxes collected from Dzove to Anyinyuu in FY 2022 are shown in the first edition.Various taxes collected by the Government from Dzove to Anyinyuu in FY 2022 are shown in the first edition of the explanatory fee.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payments to Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Explanation No. 1: Balance of payments received by the Government from July to August 2022

Non-oil or taxable income 10%

Other income, 7%

Government grants, 1%

Funded by the Government...

Non-fuel fuels, 68%

How the Government Spent Money.

12.Government expenditure (including water supply and other costs) in FY2022 amounted to 109,421 million Ghanaian shillings (18.5 per cent of the gross national product charge).This amount is slightly higher than the amount planned for development projects of 103,992 million Ghanaian shillings (17.6 per cent of the gross national product charge) and 5.2 per cent of the gross national product charge.

13. The second edition of the commentary discusses various uses of money.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, restoration of equality and stability through diversified activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Debt consolidation 2nd edition: How the Government spent money from July to August in FY2022 debt consolidation

Government expenditure 16%

Development costs 10%

Other expenses 7%

Plumbing fees 9%

Other fees 0%

Government employees pay 25% of their salary

Interest paid on loans 29%

Expenditure on equipment and services 4%

Making Progress in Financing

14. The government's investment in development projects resulted in the acquisition of 44.022 million Ghanaian shillings (7.4 per cent of the national debt), while the planned acquisition amounted to 36.684 million Ghanaian shillings (6.2 per cent of the national debt).

Debt to the State in Fiscal Year 2022

15.The unconfirmed indictment indicates that the country's debt to the father as of Oct. 2022 was 467,371.32 million Ghanaian shillings (48,871.34 million U.S. dollars). This amount is equivalent to 75.9 percent of the nation's debt to the father. This includes the government's debt to the nation of 195,657.61 million Ghanaian shillings, equivalent to 31.8 percent of the nation's debt to the father.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

His foreign debts amounted to 271,713.71 million Ghanaian shillings, equivalent to 44.1 percent of the country's goods debt.

16. The increase in government debt at various levels in the country was caused by an increase in interest on government loans, and the increase in government debt in rural countries was caused by a reduction in the size of Ghana's national debt.

Fiscal Statement 3rd edition: The state of the national debt (February 2018 to January 2022)

External Debt Domestic Debt Total Public Debt Rate of debt Accumulation Total debt/GDP

Stock of Debt (in billions of GH¢)

700.0 600.0 500.0 400.0 300.0 200.0 100.0 -

56.1% 61.2% 74.4% 76.7% 75.9%

21.4% 26.1% 33.6% 20.7% 32.7%

467.4 352.1 195.7 291.6 181.8 218.2 149.8 173.1 271.7 105.5 86.9 170.3 141.8 112.7 86.2

2018 2019 2020 2021 Sept. 2022

The Cost: Financial Services

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, liberalization and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Financial targets for FY 2023 to be achieved at low costs

17. The Government has pursued the multi-year strategic objectives and the major economic goals (2023-2026);

i. Gross Domestic Product will increase by 4.3 percent;

ii. Increase in gross domestic product inequality by 4.0% per year;

iii. The value of the underlying asset or liability shall be reviewed at a rate of 8+2

iv. From 2023 to 2026, the cash or debt surplus shall be equal to 1.3 per cent of gross domestic product; and

v. A country's sovereign wealth fund can import goods from foreign countries in as little as four months.

18. The Government, taking into account the objectives of the macro-economic policies and the multi-annual planning targets, has made the following recommendations for the macro-economic policies of FY2023 as follows:

i. 2.8% of gross domestic product;

ii. Gross Domestic Product at the rate of 3.0 per cent of gross domestic product;

iii. Until the end of FY2026, commodity prices

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversification and taxation

TEN YEARS IN A BUSINESS WITH A PROMISE to be completed by the year 2023

Tax incentives

19. In order to stabilize the economic policy of the country, the Government has submitted to the Parliament for consideration and approval tax incentives with interest rates equal to 1.35 per cent of the gross national product. These incentives include:

• Taxation on tobacco products will be revised to align with ECOWAS policies, with taxation on alcoholic beverages higher than on beer.

• The VAT rate will be reduced by 2.5 percent from 12.5 percent to 15 percent. In addition, the VAT rate will be revised to include significant changes in the amount of goods exempt from VAT.

• The NFSL tax will be converted to GSL with a view to encompassing all sectors.

• The E-Levy will be reduced from 1.5 percent to 1 percent and the daily rate will be reduced.

• Other tax benefits include:

○ The 5G Electromagnetic Spectrum, which is used in the internet industry, will be sold.

○ Promote the issue of rent taxes.

○ The Jubilee Field will be used as a public transit system to improve public transportation; and

○ Revised tax schedules will take into account anticipated savings

Government of Ghana Fiscal Year 2023 Budget for Citizens

Reconstruction of large prisons, restoration of peace and stability through various forms of taxation and taxation

We're not going to cut taxes, but we're going to make sure that we're going to deduct what we owe to the taxpayers from what we're doing.

Budgeting

20. In addition to taxation, the Government has implemented the following key fiscal policies to support the nation's finances.

• The LEAP will be doubled from 45 to 90 Ghanaian cents per month and increase the number of allowances to 344,185 Ghanaian cents currently allocated. These allowances will increase the amount of allowances for LEAP from 195.5 million Ghanaian cents in 2022 to 395 million Ghanaian cents;

• Increase the amount of cooks' salaries under the Primary School Feeding Scheme by GNA 138 million.

• The President, the Vice-President, the Ministers, the Deputy Ministers, the Governors and other public servants in the public sector will also be subject to a 30 per cent reduction in their salaries;

• Special income tax will be reduced from 25 percent to 17.5 percent;

• All these special funds will be utilized through the implementation of the GIFMIS Scheme and will ensure that GIFMIS is implemented in all correctional and monetary operations.

• The salaries of civil servants in the public sector will be adjusted so that they do not exceed the salaries of other civil servants who are paid under the Single Spine Structure.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Funding for Progress in FY 2023

21.In February 2023, the Government's expected receipts and disbursements will amount to 143,956 million Ghanaian senis (18.0 per cent of the gross national product (GNP) tax rate).Government-funded payments - especially tax collection - will provide the Government with an expected revenue equivalent to the gross national product (GNP) tax rate of 1.35 per cent.

22.The amount of money expected by the Government includes the amount of money due from the country which will amount to 141.552 million Ghanaian Shillings, which means that there will be a tax increase of 46.6 per cent on the 2022 Fee.The amount of money expected by the Government to be paid by the advance taxpayers will amount to 2.403 million Ghanaian Shillings (0.5 per cent of the country's debt to the taxpayer).

Funding announcement 3rd edition: Funding for development activities in FY 2023 (in million Ghanaians)

Donations to the Government

$2,404 (U.S.) or more

Other taxes

$6,151 (U.S.)

Taxes

How much would you pay?

Non-taxable income (excluding oil..

$2,308 (U.S.)

Tax ((excluding oil)

$99,639 (U.S.) or more

Government revenue in the country

How much is it worth?

The government receives and receives money.

$43,956 (U.S.)

Funding: Department of the Treasury

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Funding for Activities in FY 2023

23.The total amount of the Government's investment (excluding pipelines) will amount to 205,431 million Ghanaiansinds (25.6 per cent of the gross domestic product).This means that the Government's expenditure and gross domestic product have decreased by 0.3 per cent compared to the forecast in FY2022.This indicates that the Government is committed to maintaining the country's fiscal policy in the best possible way.

4th edition: Budget for Operations in FY2023

(In millions of Ghanaian coins)

Payment of government debts

$14,435 (U.S.)

Other uses of money

R$27,636 (U.S.) for the year

Funding provided by the government..

$3,079 (U.S.) for the first time

Payment of interest on government expenditures

How much is it worth?

Expenditure on improvements

R$27,694 (U.S.)

Toys and tools

How much is it worth?

Salaries of civil servants

$44,990 (U.S.) or more

A collection of money

R$38,950

The Cost: Financial Services

Implementation of the Budget and Financial Forecasts in FY 2023

24. Regarding the amount of the Government's planned savings and loan portfolio (excluding the pipelines), the Government will have to borrow 61,475 million Ghanaian dirhams, equivalent to 7.7 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP), to finance the completion of its operations.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

This amount is equivalent to 1.1 percent of the national debt.

The government is hoping to raise funds from various taxpayers, including the IMF with whom the government is currently negotiating to settle the government debt.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

What are some of the advantages of being a Christian?

27.This section describes the Government's remuneration for key functions performed in various departments in FY 2022 and other functions planned to be performed in FY 2023.

28. These estimates and forecasts are in line with the national progress plan implemented by the Government from FY2022 to FY2026. The estimate is aimed at achieving the Government's Covid-19 Epidemic Cost Reduction, Job Creation and Relief Industry Strategy. In addition, it is also aimed at achieving the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 2023 (SDG 2023) and the African Union Sustainable Development Goal 2063.

29.This section summarizes the key achievements of the Government in terms of planning and further achievements in FY2023.

Giving food

30.As part of the Government's plan to adjust farmers' income from food crops, 2.5 million food crops have been distributed to farmers during the FY2022 agricultural cycle.

31. The government has allocated 120,000 chickens and other birds to chicken farmers, who are women and live in nine metropolitan municipalities and sub-districts (Savelugu, Sagnarigu, Wa Municipal, Nandom, Sissala East, Nkwanta South, Techiman North and Nkoranza) according to the Ministry of Animal Husbandry and Labour.

In addition, the Government allocated 3,750 head of cattle to 45 farmers and ranchers in order to strengthen them in the management of cattle herds, if the crops are not harvested.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

33. In FY 2023, the Government will promote food subsidies for agriculture by distributing 5.65 million olive, maple, nut, palm, mango and rubber bills to 175,000 food growers.

34. The government has completed the construction of 65 granaries. These granaries will add 80,000 metric tons of corn and other grains to the existing state-owned granaries under the Regional Granary Plan. This will eliminate the problem of frequent crop losses after harvest, so that farmers do not have to rest, but rather to pay rent.

35.In February 2023, the Government will finance Phase III of the Irrigation Crops Funding Project in Tamne, which will be extended to Sunyeri, Tousal/Jeyiri, Tasundo and Gilang for irrigation of crops in Vunamia and Gilang.

Advancing the use of untreated yeast

36.Given the limited availability of synthetic fertilizers and the sudden rise in the global food crisis, the Government decided to subsidize the use of non-synthetic fertilizers to compensate for the lack of synthetic fertilizers, thus facilitating access to food and reducing food shortages.

37. In February 2023, the Government will promote the production of non-chemical fertilizers. The Government will expand the production of non-chemical fertilizers by introducing automated manufacturing. The EXIM fund scheme will support the Government in this endeavour.

38. In FY2022, the Government established 125 fish farms (108 ponds and 16 ponds), funded fish farmers with 17,460 bags of feed, and allocated ponds and ponds containing fish for commercial use and conservation.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

According to the Ministry of Fisheries for Food and Employment, 25 groups of fishermen were paid, in addition, 294 people were trained in fish farming and 408 fishermen were trained in fish feed production.

39. In FY2023, the Government will provide 300 ponds, 40 ponds and 52 special ponds for fish farming and will provide 35,000 bags of fish feed, 3 million bags of shrimp and 3 million bags of chickpeas for 50 categories of fish farmers.

Breast-feeding

40. In coconut farming, the Government has sought 147,000 jobs for the citizens through various initiatives such as reform of coconut farming, replanting of coconuts, medicinal production of coconut seeds, hiring and cleaning of coconuts. The Government has implemented this scheme with the aim of involving the youth in agriculture to reduce the migration of youth from urban areas to the big cities.

41. In FY2023, the Government will continue to implement these schemes to find additional jobs in addition to the existing ones in order to stabilize the public employment insurance payments in order to reduce the unemployment burden on the Government.

Brick Power and Infrastructure

42. In order to produce and distribute electricity more efficiently and efficiently, the state-of-the-art Volta-Achimota-Mallam 161kv electricity generating unit has been completed and is operational.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payments to Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

43.As per the Government's commitment to provide electricity to the country in FY2024, the electricity supply was extended to 157 districts in FY2022, resulting in an increase in electricity consumption in the country from 87.03 per cent to 88.54 per cent in FY2021.

44. As the Government financed the project to bring renewable electricity to island communities and partially funded in-country projects, electricity projects to Azizkpe, Aflive and Alpemork islands were completed in the Little Ada East Region within the Greater Ganga Region.

45. By February 2023, the Government will complete the preparations for the electrification of the Western Corridor from Ghent to Kumasi. In addition, these electrification projects will support the implementation of the Solar Electricity Renewable Energy Plan initiated by the Government.

46. The government will extend the electricity to 400 more cities under the Self-Assistance Electricity Fee Scheme 4 and 5 and Turnkey Projects by FY2023. This project includes extending the electricity to selected districts such as Ahafo, Ashanti, Bono, Gbeganji and East Gbeganji districts. The government will also extend the distribution of the electricity for various street utilities to Metropolitan, Municipalities and Sub-Regions across the country.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payments to Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Adoption

47. As of the end of FY2022, the Employment and Pensions Services (EPS) had recruited 80,735 young people in various occupations.

48. In FY2022, the Government has undertaken the following tasks under the Recruitment and Employment Promotion Scheme:

• The government planted trees on 645 hectares of damaged land, providing employment for 2,300 people; and

• The sale of 20 million pounds of grain was used to support the Agricultural Affordable Care Act, which resulted in the recruitment of 80,071 young people, both employed and unemployed, in Akotom, Adinkra, Techire, Akwatiakwaso, Fufuo, and Hohoe counties.

49. In FY2023, the Government will continue to carry out the following tasks:

• Rehabilitation of 1000 hectares of damaged land in selected areas, using the proceeds from the sale of foodstuffs to pay for trees such as fir, palm, oak and pine to support the agriculture and afforestation program;

• 10 food stamps will be issued in addition to the special allowances, which will create 100,000 jobs; and

• To train 20,000 prospectors and prospective miners, 200 small-scale miners, in mining and health, safety, and other safety measures in the iron and steel industry.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Youth Employment and Job Creation

50.The Government intends to provide employment opportunities to at least one million young people from FY 2022 to 2025 by providing low-interest loans for youth self-employment under the Youth Employment and Job Creation (YouStart) Initiative.

You start.

The chances of a youth-led start-up business getting support are low.

It's time to make a difference with YouStart initiative

the world bank neip

51. The scheme will be implemented in three phases to support young people under 40 years of age to set up small businesses. The scheme will provide training to young people, market opportunities and legal and organizational support to young people. 70 young people participated in the scheme and a total of 1.98 million Ghanaians were invested in these projects.

52. The Government has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Bank of Ghana to pay the Association and 11 loans for the implementation of the Youth Employment and Job Creation Initiative (YouStart). To this end, the Bank has requested the payment of Rs 1.169 billion, or 30 per cent of the total amount to be used in the Initiative.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction, Expansion and Sustainability of Major Prisons through Diversification and Value Added Taxation

Ghana's commitment to addressing the challenges of climate change

53.As of February 2022, about 26.65 million trees have been logged, of which 24.44 million according to the Ghana Timetable. Additionally, 12.9 million trees have been logged and planted, including ofram, emire, wawa, coconut teak, cedrela, gmelina, cassia, eucalyptus and mahogani.

A tribute to Ghana Day

54. An area of 11,692 hectares was planted while the revised target was 17,000 hectares under the National Reconstruction Plan.

55. As part of the Replanting of Ghana Day, an estimated 20 million trees will be planted in February 2023.

56.Global warming is a serious problem for all countries of the world and affects our health, nutrition and countries affected by climate change such as Ghana.In the V20 Climate Change Impact Assessment, the country lost US$15,200,001,695 from February 2000 to 2019.

Government of Ghana Fiscal Year 2023 Budget for Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

57. Promotion of drought-resistant agriculture subsidies as a key component of climate-friendly subsidies and the promotion of irrigation subsidies across the country. Promotion of animal husbandry subsidies to boost farmers' economies of scale and mitigate the impacts of non-payment of agricultural subsidies as a result of climate change.

Good Drinking Water and Sanitation

58. In FY2022, the Five Sub-Region Water Quality Training Scheme, renamed as STRABAG Water Quality Training Scheme, has completed the Phase 3 funding of 95 percent in the Volta Region. The Sub-Regions participating in the Water Quality Training Scheme are South Adaklube; Agotime-Ziope; Central Tongu; West Ho and North Tongu. Upon completion of these projects, 424 districts and more than 234,000 payers will be involved in the project.

59. The government will continue to implement measures to reduce pollution and human trafficking, thereby ensuring the safety of people, jobs and property. These projects are currently underway and have been completed at various stages of completion: the Dansoman Project has been completed at 97 percent; the Komenda Project has been completed at 95 percent; the Elmina Project has been completed at 92 percent; the Cape Coast Project has been completed at 80 percent; the Anomabu Project has been completed at 75 percent; the Dixcove Project has been completed at 40 percent; the Aboadze Project has been completed at 45 percent; and the Ningo-Pampram Project has been completed at 50 percent.

60. In February 2023, the Government will resume these drilling operations and restart other drilling operations that will eliminate the harassing pollution in Blekusu (Part II), Apam, Axim (Part II), La and

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Teshie, Dansoman (Volume Two), Shama, Ningo-Pampram (Volume Two), Tema New Town, Aŋlɔga, Takoradi and the Maritime University were also included.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment for Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of large prisons, restoration of peace and stability through various forms of taxation and taxation

Directions

61. In February 2022, the La Beach toll road project was re-launched. This project will increase the number of vehicles on the Accra Tema Beach Road. In addition, a toll bridge with three different toll roads is under construction at the Nungua Barrier.

Construction of the La Beach expressway

62.As part of the Government's efforts to widen the network of motorways with a view to double-tracking and improving the safety of motorways, the construction of the Tema-Aflao and Tema-Akosombo motorways has begun. The 1.2 km long Assin Fosu-Assin Praso motorway is being extended to double-track the motorway by converting Assin Fosu into a four-track road. Construction of the underpass was resumed; and the drainage (top) between Assin Fosu and Assin Prasso was resumed.

The Obetsebi Lamptey Highway is under construction for the construction of the Circle Highway Terminal 2 and other related works. In addition, after the completion of Tema Motoway Ranabauti Terminal 1, the construction of the Terminal 2 of three interconnected highways will begin.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Budget for Citizens

Reconstruction of large prisons, restoration of peace and stability through various forms of taxation and taxation

The Obetsebi Lamptey Highway paid for Part 2

64. Major inter-provincial and inter-provincial railway lines started in 2019 have been completed in various stages. The completed lines include:

Number of rounds. Name of rounds. Location. Length (kilometers)

The first one is Osiem - The Return of the Beagoro. The fifth one is East. The fifth one is East. The fifth one is East. The fifth one is East. The fifth one is East. The fifth one is East. The fifth one is East. The fifth one is East.

2 The Golgotha-Woli Trail has been restored to its former glory (10-27 km).

3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

4 Changes to the Nkonya Wrumpong The Way of the Komikrom 21.0

5.* Witchcraft - Re-enactment of a portion of the Trail of Tears.* Middle.* 15.0

Tamale - The Holes in the Salaga Trail - Part One. The Beginning. 25.4

32 | Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

65. The following are some of the other procedures that have been completed for various purposes:

Number of tasks. The tasks are named. Location. Length (kilometers).

The Navrongo-Naga Trail has been restored to its former glory (from 2.7 kilometers to 42.2 kilometers).

2 The Wa-Bulenga-Yaala Line has been restored to its former glory (from 6.0 km to 37.0 km) - Part 1

Salaga - Ekumdipe - The Kpandai Runway is restored to its former glory (from 26.7 km to 45.3 km) and the Kpandai Nkanchina Runway is restored to its former glory (kilometers 10.8) - Part 2.

4 The Yagaba-Mankarigu Highway was restored (from 12.0 km to 24.0 km) and the Mankarigu-Nawuni Highway was restored (from 0.0 km to 17.5 km) Part 4 North East 29.5 76

Daboya - The Mankarigu Trail has been restored to its former glory (from Savannah.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Budget for Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

[0.0 km to 63.1 km] This is Part 5.

6 Changing the way we think Tuberculosis Bono East 35.0 30

7 ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙ ∙

8 Nalerigu The railway line has been restored to its previous best (from 6.0 km to 46.0 km) Part 2 North-East 40.0 70

9 Changes to the New Abiram Moving from 0.0 km to 33.2 km Part 2 East 33.2 99

Bogoso The Insu Siding-Huni Valley Trail has been restored to its former glory Part IV. West. 26.083

Sefwi Wiyaso - The Acontombra Trail has been restored to its former glory (from 0.0 km to 15.0 km) - Part 2

12 Acrodea - Planetary travel has been restored to its former glory (from 0.0 km to 20.0 km) Part 1 Acrodea 20.0 85

13 I'm going to try to get back on track (from 0.0 miles to 30.0 miles) - Part 1

14. Changing some of the parking options in the Metropolitan Area.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment for Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Education

66. As part of the Government's commitment to ensure that schools and educational institutions have access to the necessary equipment to pay for their daily activities, the Government has purchased 175 of the 66 buses, 71 pickup trucks and 2 craftsmen for secondary schools and vocational schools across the country.

67. In FY2022, the Government has trained 3,724 male and 3,715 female craftspeople in 29 regional development, craft and crafts schools to develop skills to provide them with employment opportunities and reduce poverty.

68. In addition, educational administrators in 248 districts were trained on rural development at the Rural Development College in Kwaso to help them recruit local people for development projects.

69. The government will provide training for 500 community development educators and will implement innovative training for non-agricultural occupations using opportunities such as hunting, pottery, shoe and shoe making to promote community economic development.

Health issues

In Ghana, malaria is one of the top ten causes of death. So as part of the government's efforts to eradicate malaria, a special computer science (LSM Implemented app) has been launched to

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment for Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversification and taxation

locate and eradicate local mosquito infestations. A nursing-trained clinic has begun to use computer-aided diagnostic technology and has developed a medical device system to support the movement of nurses from one place to another in the care of patients.

71. By 2022, the Government has completed the construction of Sub-Clinics in Debiso, Nsutam and Tiawia; the sub-regional clinic in Konongo; the Government has also completed the construction of hospitals and nursing homes in Aflao, Elubo, Keta, Kumasi South and Sewua; and the HIV/AIDS Treatment Centre and COVID-19 Treatment Centre in Korle-Bu.

72.In 2023, the Government will continue to implement measures to facilitate the withdrawal of health workers from the country through the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Government of Ghana and the Government of the United Kingdom.

73. The Government will continue to establish the National Institute of Medicine and the National Institute of Disease Control and Prevention in Ghana. In addition, the implementation of anti-malarial drugs will begin in 2023 to reduce the mortality rate of malaria in the country.

Government of Ghana 2023 Budget for Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Citizenship by Payment

74.In February 2022, the Government hired 5,000 police officers to the Ghana Police Service as part of the Government's ongoing efforts to promote security and ensure law and order in the country.

75. The Police Department hired the Criminal Investigation Service (CID) to investigate unsolved crimes. The Special Anti-Corruption Service (SAPS) was deployed in the cities. In addition, the Police Department hired the Motorcycle Patrol Service (MPS) in selected cities. The Police Department hired the Dog and Horse Service (DPS) for recreational activities. These new services were among the first publicly funded police services in the country.

76. The Government has also implemented the Section III Compensation Scheme for the Compensation of Immigration Officers, which includes the Rs 320 crore compensation scheme for the Ghana Police in the Ghana Police Scheme in Tesano.

77. The government, through the National Disaster Response Service, provided assistance to 15,772 victims of natural disasters.

78. In FY 2023, the Commission shall be remunerated by the Police for the following functions:

• the establishment of a Crime Stoppers Police Service in 16 districts to ensure law and order and to stop any violence;

• training and equipping the Criminal Investigation Service to prepare for crimes such as robbery;

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of large-scale prisons, restoration of peace and stability through various activities such as irrigation and taxation

• 100 police cars and 1,500 police officers will be deployed in the districts to pay the police to move around the districts and on the main roads in order to reduce the number of robberies; and

• Increased traffic police officers in all Special Areas (18) to ensure that drivers comply with traffic laws and regulations to reduce distracted driving and traffic accidents on public roads.

79. The Government will continue to provide information to the public on disaster mitigation programmes, promote information on earthquake mitigation measures and introduce water mitigation measures in selected districts and municipalities, in order to provide the public with early warning signs of disasters.

80. The recruitment of Ghana Prison Officers will commence in 2023 in accordance with Part IV of the Recruitment of Correctional Officers Act.

A tour

81. The Government, through the Ministry of Tourism, shall actively promote Ghana through See Ghana, Visit Ghana, Do Ghana and Use Ghana promotional campaigns to empower the use of indigenous products in the tourism and hospitality sector.

82. The Government shall cooperate with the authorities in the hospitality and catering sectors in the processing of local foodstuffs and local pigs, in the processing of local coatings, benches and tables and furniture for the decoration of playrooms with a view to reducing the importation of such materials from foreign countries in the course of play activities.

Government of Ghana 2023 Budget for Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

83.Just as the Government is responsible for the financing of tourism projects and the financing of self-funded tourism projects, the Ghana Tourism Board will work with the Ghana Tourism Development Board to allocate funds to citizens and foreign nationals who wish to invest in tourism projects.

Financial Planning in the Watch Tower Islands

84. In recent times, Ghana's high export burden has led to a decrease in the Ghanaian dinar (Ghana sidi), as more money flows from the country to the developing world than it receives from the developing world.

85. In accordance with Part 2 of the Covid-19 Disease Prevention, Increase and Supplementary Tax Relief Act, the Government will support key self-financing measures to reduce the export of goods from rural areas and increase the export of domestically produced goods to rural areas and will support and empower the production of these goods. In addition, the Government will collect existing and future tax information to improve production, and distribute resources for the selection of these products.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, liberalization and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Men, Women and Children Pay for Citizenship and Social Affairs

86. In February 2022, the Government through the Food for Students in Ghana Scheme provided 3,620,468 students in Government-owned primary schools with cooked meals once a day on school days, resulting in an increase in the number of students paying in February 2020/21.

87. The government employed 32,496 cooks, most of them women, to promote social welfare. In addition to this, the government has also allowed farmers to pay for crops and is promoting social welfare.

88. In order to ensure the daily availability of basic food to the poor, the Government paid five times the annual allowance of 344,389 poor people under the Poverty Reduction Assistance Scheme.

89. In February 2023, the Government will resume the provision of meals to students once a day on school days.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, liberalization and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

90. The Government opened the Office for the Prevention of Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment and the Office for the Treatment of Victims of Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment and properly treated 24 children, 46 women and 27 men affected by forced labor.

91. The Government shall continue to address the fear of forced labour and to implement measures that lead to forced labour. It shall conduct a public consultation on the programme and provide information to those responsible for the implementation of the programme.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

The End

92. In Fiscal year 2023, the Government will re-engage in the areas of Support Services, Development, Agriculture, Revenue Services, and Civil Liberties. Therefore, we call upon all citizens to play their part and support the Government in ensuring that Ghana's progress is made to ensure that the fruits of hard work are made available to all.

93. God Bless Our Country Ghana!!!

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, liberalization and stability through diversification and taxation

What is the meaning of the word "gold" in the Hebrew Scriptures?

Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs): The creation of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and commercial enterprises (SMEs) will contribute to the development of the country's manufacturing sector and economy, with the aim of creating more jobs for the country's citizens.

Inter-African Trade: A trade arrangement that eliminates tariffs on trade between African countries in order to facilitate trade between African countries, and to benefit from increased trade between them.

Reduce problems: To minimize a problem or suffering.

Distribution of funds and assets: The arrangement by which the Government distributes funds and assets to governmental agencies.

Relief work: Other relief or relief work

Clothing: A type of clothing sold in a store.

Money Transfer: A transfer of money from one country to another during a special trip, such as a three-month trip or a one-year trip.

Budget: A budget is an arrangement made by the government to determine the source of funds and how they will be used. For example, a family may plan how much money they have and how they will spend it (e.g., rent, rent, housing, and food).

Income inequality: This occurs when the government spends more money than it earns.

Dog: A dog or a doglike creature

Government of Ghana Budget 2023 for Citizens

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Public development expenditures: This is the amount that the government spends on major development projects, such as trucks, schools, hospitals, highways, transportation, water supply, roads, and so on.

Truck yard: A large parking lot that is used by trucks.

Government Salaries: These include salaries and allowances paid to government employees, government pensions, taxes, allowances, and so on.

Clinical examination: An examination performed to diagnose a disease in a person's liver.

Debt and Government Expenditure: It is the amount of debt owed to the government that is equal to the amount the government pays to the government.

Debt weighting: The weighting of an asset over a period of time or the amount of money owed by the government when compared to other countries that pay the debt.

Advance Payment Taxpayers: These are countries and organizations, which provide assistance to other countries by providing them with loans to meet their advancement goals. The taxpayers may be employers or some countries pay the taxpayer. For example, the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank (World Bank), the African Development Bank (AfDB) etc. Or the taxpayer may be a single country. For example, Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States of America (USA) and others.

Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services Cost of Goods and Services.

Overspending: This occurs when the Government spends more money than the Budget approved by Parliament.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

EXIM Fund: This fund was set up by the Export-Import Banking and Customs Enforcement Department of Ghana under the provisions of Act 911 of 2016 to assist the Government of Ghana in ensuring the smooth and efficient implementation of export credit.

Commercial and Foreign Loans: These are commercial loans that provide loans to businesses that require commercial and foreign loans to purchase goods or services.

Borrowing capacity: This indicates the ability of a government to issue loans and interest to finance development projects.

Financial management: Consists of accounting and financial forecasting, financial management, financial management, payment of bills, payment of wages to employees, long-term management of assets, financial management of payments and payment of debts.

Fiscal Responsibility: The use of fiscal and tax incentives by governments to promote economic policies, especially large-scale economic policies.

Fiscal Responsibility: A measure that indicates that the Government is facing a financial burden and needs support, especially in mitigating measures that have created financial problems.

Free Secondary Education: The Free Secondary Education Scheme introduced by the Government of Ghana under the chairmanship of President Akufo Addo in February 2017 provides an opportunity for elementary school students who pass the final examination to attend free Secondary Education under the Free Secondary Education Scheme.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment for Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversified financing activities Growth and Value Added Taxation

Ghana Payment Benefit Scheme: It is a two-tiered scheme that builds on the measures already taken by the Government under the Coronavirus Payment Benefit Scheme.

Government Grants: These are government grants that taxpayers pay to the government for various purposes, often without government funding.

Government Grants: This includes grants from the District Assemblies Common Fund (DACF), the Housing Fund, the Ghana Education Trust Fund (GETFUND), the Public Health Fund, and others.

National Debt Gross Domestic Value: This is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country at a particular point in time.

National debt: This measures the ability of a country to pay its debts as they fall due to the movement of goods and labour from one country to another in a given period of time. It is also the ability of a country to pay its debts as they fall due to the size of its national debt relative to other countries.

Revised commodity price: A commodity price or market price index that is reviewed using a specific commodity price index. Commodity prices are published monthly by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB).

Subsidization: Subsidization is the process of importing goods from sub-Saharan Africa into Ghana for subsidization rather than exporting the goods to sub-Saharan Africa.

Cost of Goods Price: The rate at which the price of goods and services rises or falls over a period of time.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of large prisons, restoration of peace and stability through various forms of taxation and taxation

Benefits: An interest that the borrower pays on the amount of the loan or that increases if the loan is not repaid.

Interest payments: Payment of interest on loans or mortgages or annuities.

Elimination of Poverty: The NPP is one of the main government funding programs aimed at eradicating poverty and inequality, especially in urban leadership roles.

Key monetary policy measures Purpose: These are measures used to measure monetary policy performance, such as monetary policy growth, commodity prices, changes in employment rates and trade with other countries, government monetary policy performance and other measures adopted by the Reserve Bank of Ghana that affect the economy of the country.

Arrangements: Arrangements and actions that are agreed upon between two people or businesses.

Overproduction: One of several outputs of a single activity.

Financial Planning: A branch of the financial services industry that deals with the payment of interest on short-term loans or withdrawals, interest-only loans, and interest-only mortgages in order to keep commodity prices afloat.

Small Business Promotion: Typically, small businesses are low-wage, low-employment jobs.

Employment for the Unemployed: This is a scheme introduced by the Government of Ghana for the employment of post-secondary school graduates in order to eliminate the social cost of government and self-employment in order to develop skills for the promotion of the country's economy.

Taxpayer Benefit Small Business Benefit: This is a government benefit that does not benefit small businesses.

Government of Ghana Fee 2023 Payment to Citizenship Fund

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversification and taxation

It is under the supervision of the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, whose mission is to promote the growth and development of small businesses.

Sustainable forestry: Sustainable forestry is the replacement of deforested forests with shared forest resources, with the goal of improving the economic well-being of forested areas, especially the poor.

National Disaster Response Department: A government agency that responds to natural disasters and other disasters in Ghana.

National Commodity Inflation: This is an uncontrolled decline in the national commodity price or market value of goods.

Gross Domestic Product Growth Rate: This is a measure of a country's economic growth rate.

Non-Tax Revenues: These are government revenues that are not taxed, such as license fees, utility bills, and other expenses.

Government Accounts Receivable: This includes payments made by the government to government agencies through the Department of the Treasury and the balance of the government in Fiscal Year 2016.

Outcome of Events: The result of a series of events that occur in an orderly fashion.

Cash or debt balance: This is the amount of cash or debt remaining after the government subtracts the amount used from its balance sheet (excluding taxes), usually expressed as a percentage of gross domestic product.

Balance of payments: The balance of payments after deduction of tax revenues from government expenditures, excluding interest on loans.

Government of Ghana Budget 2023 for Citizens

Wait, in "Reconstruction": is it Reconstruction or Destruction? Let's look at the letter: In "Reconstruction": The stroke goes straight through the vertical stem: it is D (U+0110). Wait, what about in Paragraph 4: "Reconstruction" -> is it D (U+0189) or D (U+0110)? In standard Calibri font: U+0110 (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER D WITH STROKE) has the horizontal bar crossing the stem. U+0189 (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER AFRICAN D) in Calibri is D as a bar designed with a horizontal bar on the stem! They look almost identical or identical depending on Unicode mapping. But in Ewe, both are often used interchangeably. Let's see: in Ghanaian publications, authors frequently type U+0189 or U+0110. Either is acceptable, but let's check if there is any visible difference between the two occurrences: In "Re Đo Te": it's a D with a bar. But wait, Đ (U+0110) is also very standard. Let's use Đ or Đ? Let's check Unicode: Ɖ is U+0189. Let's use Ɖ. Wait! Let's check: "Economic growth: Ghana's expected annual economic growth". Paragraph 1. Paragraph 2: "Factory Gross National Product: Gross national product measured without depreciation". Paragraph 3: "Government revenue: This

Reconstruction of capitalist economies, diversification and stability through diversification and taxation

Revenue and services: The money paid by the government for its operations and administrative affairs.

Value Added Tax (VAT): A tax levied on the supply of goods or services.

V20: The impact of climate change on the economies of some countries.

Financial sector: A sector of the economy in which the main economic activities of a country are divided.

Employment and Employment for Youth: A government initiative to support young people aged 18-40 through job creation and skills development with the aim of encouraging individuals or companies who are already pursuing the career aspirations of young people to start their own businesses and to foster their growth.

Youth Employment Services: This service is established under Youth Employment Services Act 887 of 2015 to handle youth employment and related matters in Ghana.

50 Government of Ghana Budget 2023 for Citizens

No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance.