FREEDOM and JUSTICE Republic of Ghana

It's all right.

Budget for the Year 2022

This leaflet is a summary of the 2022 Budget and Finance Policy

Subject: Promotion of Self-Employment in the Community through External Policy and Employment for Citizens

Where Citizens Can Get Enlightened

The Government of Ghana's Economic and Financial Policy Statement for Citizens for 2022 is available online at:

www.mofep.gov.gh

If you would like to receive this form, please contact the Treasury Department at the following address:

Office of public relations

New building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or 003

P. O. Box MB 40

Accra Ghana

Email to info@mofep.gov.gh

Translated by: Bureau of Ghana Languages

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promotion of Social Entrepreneurship by Increasing Social Inclusion and Employment for Citizens

His words

This is a list of all the books in the series.

This is a list of all the different ways ........................... is credited in the database.

This is a list of all the different ways ................................... is credited in the database.

What is the name of the game?

What is the financial impact of the financial crisis in 2021? 8

The 2021 World Bank Report and How It Was Used... 9

The financial report for 2022 and the financial statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The financial statements for the financial year 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The number of people affected by the COVID-19 pandemic has risen sharply since ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... which is also known as the COVID-19 pandemic, which is also known as the COVID-19 pandemic, which is also known as the COVID-19

Cities and their people . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

This is a list of all the different ways ................................... is credited in the database.

Published editions:

Schedule 1: Explanation of the units of the Small Unitary Authority established in the Large Unitary Authority . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Issue 2: Accusations related to the spread of the COVID-19 disease ............................... 36

Published by Jehovah's Witnesses

Explanatory Note No. 1: The amount of money received by the Government from July to July 2021 ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... which is the amount of money received by the government from the beginning of the fiscal year to the end of the fiscal year 2021 is the total amount of money received by the government from the previous fiscal year to the current fiscal year.

Explanatory Report 2nd edition: How the Government has spent money from July to August 2021

Explanatory Note No. 3: Debt owed by the State (in Ghana Billion) to the Government of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of

Explanation 4th edition: Areas from which the Government Expects to Revenue in FY 2022 (in Ghana Billion) 14

5th Edition of the Report: Projects Projected by the Government in FY 2022 and the Amount Estimated for the Projects (in Ghana Billion Cedi) 15

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Increasing Social Self-Defense by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunity

"The bricks are fallen down, but we will build with new stones; the fig trees are cut down, but we will change them into cedars".

(Isaiah 9:10) How can we do that?

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promotion of Social Entrepreneurship by Increasing Social Inclusion and Employment for Citizens

What I Learned

The COVID-19 pandemic has devastated the economies of all countries including Ghana. The Government is deeply saddened by the suffering, deaths and loss of jobs caused by the pandemic. I am proud to say that we have taken urgent and courageous action to address these problems. Indeed, our actions have been appreciated by the international community.

In addition, in addressing the challenges and opportunities posed by the pandemic, the Government has launched the COVID-19 Disease Reduction, Job Creation and Rehabilitation Programme with a budget of 100 billion Ghanaian Shillings under the leadership of President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo.The implementation of this programme has brought immediate relief to all citizens and is restoring the country's economic stability.

We thank you for your confidence in the Government as we work hard to rebuild our financial system, and in these times of tremendous stability in our country, the Bible has often taught us the steps needed in these times, as Isaiah 9:10 says, "Stones that have fallen will rebuild with new stones, and oaks that have been cut down will rebuild with new trees. For this reason, the Government will continue to implement various programs to rebuild and improve the quality of life of its citizens.

One of the key objectives of the Budget 2022 is to promote self-employment in the country over the next three years with a view to enhancing our economic growth and sustainability. In addition, public participation in the financial sector is essential to create jobs, especially for young people. Therefore, the Government's policies will support young people to showcase their talents and skills through equal opportunities for all citizens.

In order to instill self-employment and motivation in the youth, the Government will provide youth with the opportunity to start or expand their careers through the YouStart Program in FY 2022.

In Budget 2022, we plan to continue to work on addressing the urgent economic challenges with a view to achieving economic sustainability in the post-COVID-19 pandemic period.The Government is committed to implementing a range of initiatives that will develop youth entrepreneurship and promote self-reliance among young people.As we strive to achieve the President's goal of "Ghana no longer needs aid", I would like to invite all citizens to participate in the process and to bring these innovations to life. In addition to this, they should engage in self-promotion campaigns for their social standing.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Social Suicide by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment

I appeal to all of you to help us build Ghana into the country we want it to be.

God bless you!!!

Ken Ofori-Atta, Minister of Finance

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Increasing Social Self-Defense by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunity

The Story of His Life

1. The Citizens' Budget 2022 is a summary of the activities carried out by the Government in 2021 and the amount of money it expects to raise to implement its plans and initiatives in 2022 and subsequent years.

2. In order to support socio-economic rehabilitation programmes and national development objectives, the Budget 2022 makes a special provision for the Promotion of National Autonomous Development through the Development of Civil Penalties and Employment Opportunities.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Social Self-Employment by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunity

What is the Bible's answer to this question?

The Works of the Giants

The allegations related to economic activity in 2021 are as follows:

• Gross domestic product grew by 3.5 per cent in the first six months of 2021 from 0.7 per cent in 2020;

• Gross domestic product grew by 4.8% in the first six months of 2021 compared to 1.1% in the same period in 2020;

• As of the end of November 2021, the average value of goods was 10.6 per cent compared to 10.4 per cent in the same period in 2020;

• The Government's fiscal target is 7.7 percent of gross domestic product for the year, while the Government's target is 7.4 percent of gross domestic product for the year;

• The government's fiscal deficit target is 2.0 per cent of gross domestic product, while the target is 1.7 per cent of gross domestic product;

• As of the end of September 2021, the national debt increased from 76.1 per cent in 2020 to 77.7 per cent in 2021;

• As of the end of December, the Government's balance sheet stood at USD 11.44 billion. This amount corresponds to the Government's exports in 5.2 months, while the Government's balance sheet stood at USD 8.62 billion as of the end of 2020. This amount is equivalent to the Government's exports in 4.1 months; and

• The price of Ghanaian rupees remained unchanged in the first nine months of 2021. However, the price of Ghanaian rupees in US dollars decreased slightly by 1.7 percent at the end of July from 2.9 percent in the same period in 2020.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Improving Public Policy by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment for Citizens

The 2021 Annual Meeting and How It Was Spent

How Much Money the Government Receives

4. The combined amount of government revenues and remittances from Dzove to Anubis in 2021 was 46.85 billion Ghanaian shekels (10.7 per cent of the gross domestic product) while the combined amount of government expected revenues was 51.31 billion Ghanaian shekels (11.7 per cent of the gross domestic product). The aggregate of government revenues includes nonpetroleum revenues (about 74 percent), nonpetroleum revenues (about 9 percent), government revenues from oil and gas (about 9 percent), other revenues (about 6 percent), and government grants (about 2 percent), as indicated in the original explanatory note.

5.Government revenue fell short of its target for 2021 as the following taxes were not included in the schedule: corporate tax, private income tax, mineral tax, commodity tax and telecommunications tax.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Promoting domestic self-employment through improved social welfare and employment opportunities

Issue 1: Government revenue from July to August 2021

6% 2%

9%

9%

74%

Non-petrol boilers and boilers

Government revenues from oil and gas sales

Financial assets other than oil or taxes

Other expenses

Government grants

How the Government Manages Money

6. As of the end of September 2021, the total amount of money spent by the Government (excluding pipelines) was 80.71 Ghana shillings (18.4 percent of gross domestic product) while the revised target was 83.89 billion Ghana shillings (19.1 percent of gross domestic product).

10 Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Improving Public Policy by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment for Citizens

2nd edition: Government spending from July to September 2021

Salaries of civil servants

Expenditure on purchases of public equipment and services

Payment of interest on government expenditures

Government subsidies for government agencies

Expenditures for the expansion

Other uses of money

10% 29% 11% 4% 4% 32%

The Financial Crisis and Spending

7. It is noteworthy in the Government's budget that the Government had to borrow 33.86 billion Ghanaian shillings (7.7 percent of gross domestic product) to meet its budgetary target, whereas the revised target was 32.58 billion Ghanaian shillings (7.4 percent of gross domestic product). The Government borrowed domestic and foreign funds to meet its budgetary targets. The Government's domestic income amounted to 20.39 billion Ghanaian shillings and foreign income amounted to 13.47 billion Ghanaian shillings. These sums were 60.2 per cent and 39.8 per cent respectively.

National Year of the Year 2021

8. As of the end of September 2021, the country's debt stood at 341.76 billion Ghanaian zillion (US$58.348 billion). This amount is equivalent to 77.8 percent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP). The country's debt to developing countries stood at 163.65 billion Ghanaian zillion (US$27.88 billion) and the debt to developing countries stood at 77.8 percent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP).

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Social Self-Employment by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunity

The government owed the country 178.11 billion Ghanaian dinars (13.35 billion U.S. dollars), a staggering 47.9 percent and 52.1 percent of the debt owed by the father.

Debt statement 3rd edition: Debt owed to the State (in Ghana billion dirhams)

External Debt Domestic Debt Total Debt/GDP Total Debt/GDP (without bailout) Total Debt 76.1% 77.8% 72.0% 61.2% 341.8 56.1% 69.7% 54.2% 56.2% 291.6 53.0% 163.7 218.2 141.8 173.1 112.7 142.6 86.2 75.8 178.1 149.8 105.5 86.9 66.8 2017 2018 2019 2020 Sept. 2021 Prov.

The Cost: Financial Services

Government of Ghana Fee 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Improving Public Policy by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment for Citizens

THE FINANCY BUDGET for the year 2022 and the financial statements

Target of the Big Economy by 2022

9. The Government's plans for major economic policies in 2022 are as follows:

• Gross Domestic Product will increase by 5.8%;

• national product depletion will increase by 5.9%;

• By the end of the year, commodity prices will fall by 8%;

• The amount of money the Government will need in addition to the amount of money it expects to save before it completes the development will be 7.4% of the gross domestic product;

• the amount of money remaining to the Government to pay interest on borrowed funds shall be 0.1% of gross domestic product; and

• The weight of a country's foreign reserves shall not be less than the value of goods imported by the Government from foreign countries in four (4) months.

Government Expectations for 2022

10. The Government's expected revenue and receipts will amount to 100.52 billion Ghana shillings (equivalent to 20.0 percent of the gross domestic product). The Government's expected domestic revenue will be 99.55 billion Ghana shillings. The non-oil revenue will amount to 77.5 percent of the total, or 77.136 million Ghana shillings. The government expects to implement the following measures for the expected revenue collection in 2022: streamlined tax collection, implementation of changes in tax collection and treatment, as well as other tax collection measures.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Improving Social Responsibility by Enhancing Social Responsibility and Employment for Citizens

Explanation 4th edition: Expected Government Revenue in FY 2022 (in billion Ghanaian cents)

Funding provided by the government

Other taxes. 5.5

We're not going anywhere. 6.6

Income not subject to income tax. 10.3

Taxes (not included) 75.2

The tax rate is 78.2%.

Government revenue in the country. 97.6

Government revenue and receipts pay the father. 98.6

0.0 50.0 100.0 150.0

Funding for Operations in FY2022

11. Government expenditure (excluding water supply) will be 137.53 billion Ghanaian shillings (equivalent to 27.4 percent of gross domestic product). Major government expenditures include expenditure on development, expenditure on the implementation of key government programs, and expenditure on fees and interest.

Government of Ghana Fee 2022 Funding for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Social Responsibility by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunity

5th Annual Report: Projects Approved by the Government in FY2022 and Expected Amount of Projects Approved (in Billion Ghanaians)

Paying off government debts

1.5

Other uses of money

11.5

Government subsidies for public expenditures

26.5

Government expenditures Payment of benefits

37.5

Expenditures for development

16.2

Payment of public utilities and public services

9.2

Salaries paid by civil servants

36.0

The father pays for his work

138.3

0.0 20.0 40.0 60.0 80.0 100.0 120.0 140.0 160.0

12.With regard to the Government's estimated budget and spending plans, the Government will need to allocate the amount of Rs.37.01 billion, i.e. 7.4 per cent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) to the development budget.

13. The Government's expected foreign direct investment is 9.1 billion Ghanaian shillings (1.8 percent of the country's gross domestic product), while the Government's expected domestic investment is 27.9 billion Ghanaian shillings (5.6 percent of the country's gross domestic product).

Government of Ghana Fee 2022 Funding for Citizens

Subject: Improving Social Entrepreneurship by Enhancing Social Entrepreneurship and Employment for Citizens

Financial Statements for the Fiscal Year 2022

Tax incentives

14. The Government shall undertake various measures for the revival of the manufacturing industry and for the improvement of the production and sale of goods both at home and abroad. Therefore, it is necessary for the Government to amend the following measures:

• In order to maintain profitability and expand production, the Government will re-exempt the VAT from the domestic textile industry for the next two years as initiated in 2019;

• A review of the two-and-a-half-year-long reform of the tax system, including the resolution of some tax problems, to ensure that the country benefits from tax relief for exports and that the Government achieves its objectives;

• The 3 percent tax on the gold crown for unlicensed gold miners will be reduced by 1.5 percent;

• From July 2022, the Government will provide the Ghana Tax Revenue Service to assist the Ministry, Metropolitan and Local Governments in the collection and reporting of property taxes;

• The government will revise the public sector fees for the performance of public services, which will come into effect on the first day of July 2022. These fees will be calculated to be self-adjusting and in line with the annual fluctuations in commodity prices;

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Social Self-Employment by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunities

• taxation of parking lots and floors will cease once the financing plan is approved;

• The government will introduce a new tax known as E-Levy on remittance and credit with a view to reducing the tax burden on non-taxpayers, including remittance, commercial and foreign remittances. The remittance will be taxed at a rate of 1.75 per cent, except for the 1.75 per cent payment made by the recipient of the remittance. The government will start collecting these taxes from the first day of January 2022.This tax will not be levied on the amount of 100 Ghana shillings or less than 100 Ghana shillings in one day.

Budgeting Guidelines

15. In order to ensure sound financial management of payments, the Government will implement a number of measures in 2022 and the following payments:

a. The Government shall continue to ensure that only those civil servants who are employed in the approved manner are entitled to remuneration;

b. The Government shall monitor the allocation of salaries in 2022 and subsequent terms with a view to limiting the number of salaries to the required number of employees;

c. The new development projects announced in the Budget 2022 and the planned development projects of the public sector, Municipalities, Metropolises and Local Authorities will be monitored in accordance with the Finance Act L.I. 2411.

Government of Ghana Fee 2022 Funding for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Self-Employment at the National Level through Expanded Social and Employment Opportunities for Citizens

16. The following arrangements shall be made in order not to interfere with the operation of the pension scheme:

• use only equipment and services authorized by government agencies and published on the website of the Office of Government Procurement;

• the financing of public sector equipment and services in a given year must be based on the budget prepared and approved by the agency for that year; however, financing of public sector equipment and services depends on the budget made and the availability of funds;

• Before a civil servant can sign an agreement or a contract that involves payment of a fee to the Government of Ghana, he must obtain permission from the Minister of Finance.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promoting domestic self-employment through improved social welfare and employment opportunities

Financial advice in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic

Reducing COVID-19 Costs, Restoring Jobs and Strengthening the Support Industry

17. To meet the 'Ghana No More in Need of Assistance' Commitment even during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government has launched a resuscitation and support initiative to reduce the cost of COVID-19 disease with an amount of 100 billion Ghanaian Shillings. This initiative will revive the country's economy through the implementation of a number of reforms and keep the country fresh through the promotion of sectoral issues and support to the private sector.

18. The following are the main achievements in the implementation of the Programme in 2021 and other planned achievements in 2022:

Modern agriculture and the use of indigenous crops for food imports

19.A total of 579,662 people, including 547,126 farmers and 32,536 other agricultural workers, were registered and recorded in the autumn of 2021.The purpose of the survey is to identify farmers in government agencies.This will improve transparency in the implementation of the survey in agriculture.

20. The government, in consultation with poultry, chicken, soybean, and tomato farmers, agreed to reduce their financial burden by reducing interest payments on agricultural loans by 50 percent per year.

21. In order to achieve sustainable agriculture, the following will be implemented by 2022:

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Social Responsibility by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunity

• Establishment of the Ghana Agriculture Land Information Bank to promote agriculture monitoring, especially for the purposes of extensive farming;

• educating young people about opportunities in agriculture, including the use of alternative media; and

• To conduct a survey of crop and livestock varieties and to identify and educate young people about potential applications.

Tourism, Arts, and Culture

22.As part of the promotion of tourism, arts and culture in the context of COVID-19 Disease Reduction, Restoration of Employment and Reunification of Support Services, the Government has completed training of 300 tourism advisors through the implementation of the National Tourism Destination Single Window Platform.The implementation of this scheme will help tourists to establish tourism opportunities in the country.

23.In FY2022, the Government will establish additional tourism support facilities along with other development projects such as electricity, water and telecommunications development in tourism areas.These development projects include tourism exhibition facilities, recycling collection and access to tourism facilities and Power House.

Expanded Manufacturing and Shipping

24.In line with the Government's policy of promoting manufacturing, the Government has expanded the functioning of non-manufacturing industries with a view to improving the production and use of non-manufactured goods to replace the country's imports from rural areas.In addition, the Government has also increased the reform of agricultural activities, increased the export of goods to rural areas and created employment opportunities.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promotion of Social Entrepreneurship by Increasing Social Inclusion and Employment for Citizens

In 2022, the Government will start a medical center in Noguchi to promote medical issues in the country. The following key projects will be implemented in 2022:

• Promote reforms in the workplace by keeping them on the desk of the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs;

• The government will initiate a program that will promote the establishment of large regional industrial enterprises, which will be linked to higher vocational schools; and

• The government will expand the pharmaceutical industry in the country through industrial and commercial ventures to promote the production of pharmaceutical ingredients.

Use of computer science in the workplace

The Government's Computer Science for Business initiative is underway. Under this initiative, the Government has digitally registered and issued identity cards to more than 15 million Ghanaians. In addition, 7.5 million households have been digitally registered for their addresses to be secured.

26.The Central Bank of Ghana recognises the importance of the use of computing technology in business operations and is planning to convert the Ghanaian yen (Ghana silk) into a digital currency.We have launched the digital platform Ghana.gov along with other initiatives to promote entrepreneurship, increase entrepreneurship and streamline business operations.

Health Promotion and Citizenship

27.The Government has initiated a number of measures for the provision of medical treatment for COVID-19 disease in the country.The establishment of the medical facility is being planned with the aim of providing medical services in the country.In addition to the Free Healthcare Scheme, the Government will also undertake pioneering projects to improve healthcare and implement cost-saving measures.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Self-Employment at the National Level by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunities

tackle health challenges in line with Agenda 111 with a view to achieving the goal of universal health coverage by 2030.

Developing and Recruiting Youth Skills

28. In order to develop the skills and employment of the youth, the Government has implemented special programmes such as NEIP, NABCO and the National Integration Initiative to provide employment opportunities to the youth and small enterprises.

29.Through in-depth consultation with stakeholders in the employment sector, as well as youth organizations and schools, the Government will implement the YouStart Initiative with a GNI 1 billion to create one million jobs for the citizens within three years through the COVID-19 Epidemic Reduction, Job Creation and Support Industry Initiative. YouStart Initiative will support youth to find employment, provide training and skills and provide platforms for them to become self-employed.

Changes in the atmosphere and increased humidity

30. The economic recovery following the COVID-19 pandemic has given us the opportunity to innovate and promote forestry activities. For this reason, the Government has implemented the Climate Change Strategy to promote forestry activities to ensure that our economic, employment and equal opportunities policies are consistent.

31. The Government of Ghana is implementing the afforestation programme in Ghana with a view to restoring the forests that have been destroyed. In this sense, the Government continues to implement the afforestation programme to promote the conservation, conservation and enhancement of forests and their ecosystems.

32.In order to curb deforestation and land degradation, the President led the nation in planting seven million trees in Masa in 2021.This number is much higher than the target of five million trees.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Self-Employment at the National Level by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunities

Cities and Their People

33. With the completion of the National Development Plan, which commenced operation from 2018 to 2021, the implementation of the second National Development Plan will commence from 2022 to 2025. This new development plan relates to the National Development Plan to Ghana's 100 Years (Ghana@100). This plan will also include a number of initiatives including the development of the country's financial and social welfare system (2017-2024), the Aid-Free Ghana Strategy, the COVID-19 Epidemic Reduction Strategy, the Development of Employment and the Integration of Employment. The goals of the plan are in line with the 2030 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the 2063 African Development Goals.

34. This section provides an overview of the activities carried out by the Government in key sectors in the country in 2021 along with the plans and priorities set by the Government for 2022.

Remarks from the Meeting

In order to reduce the unemployment rate in the country, the Government continues to implement activities and policies such as the Employment Assessment Scheme.

i. The Government has recruited 33,952 unemployed persons in 80 Metropolitan, Municipal and Local Government Areas. The total amount of salaries paid to these persons amounts to NIS 53.4 million; and

ii. The Government has allocated Rs 5.82 crore to 9,244 agencies in 28 districts in 41 Metropolitan, Municipal and Local Authorities in the five Districts to start or expand their operations.

36. As a result of the Government's commitment to promote youth employment, reducing the displacement of rural and urban youth to urban areas, 130,000 youths were employed in agriculture, forestry, logging and irrigation.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Self-Employment at the National Level by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunities

Medicine in the Coconut Fields

37. The implementation of the National Transition Plan provided employment opportunities for 72,000 people, including more than 60,000 people previously scheduled to receive support for various forestry projects, including 35,000 for the Youth Transition Plan, 17,000 for the Land Reform Plan and 2,000 for the harvesting of crops, as well as 18,000 for the transportation industry.

38. The Youth Employment Service employed 82,869 people in various jobs. The Job Centre, a job-search service, employed 1,185 people.

39. Despite the devastation caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government has tackled a number of projects through the Local Single Employment Scheme. Since FY2017, 278 new jobs have been created and various levels have been created. Of these 278 jobs, 106 are currently in operation and 148 more are in the process of being created. In addition, the Government is still planning to create 24 more jobs. To date, the existing jobs have created 156,782 jobs.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promoting domestic self-employment through improved social welfare and employment opportunities

Tomato processing plant established at Domfete in the Berekum West region as part of the Single Local Unit

40.According to the Youth Engagement in Small Business Initiative, 58 of the 278 enterprises are owned by government-sponsored youth organizations with government-sponsored labor to set up agro-processing enterprises.From 40 to 48 people are employed in each of these enterprises.

41. The following is a summary of the major areas in which 278 offices were established as a result of the Unification of the Unified Local Office.

Issue 1: Small Area One-bedroom units in Larger Areas

Area. Number of firms

Around the World. 5

District 54 of Ashanti

Bono East District 10

Drinking the environment

In the Middle Ages

The Eastern District.

Locate Area 76.

Northeast Region 3

What is the Environment? 6

The Tree of Life 3

The Savannah Area

The Far East 7

The Far West 6

The area of voltage is 13.

The Western District. 11

Northwestern District 5

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promotion of Social Entrepreneurship by Increasing Social Inclusion and Employment for Citizens

42. According to the Internal Revenue Service, 30,189 people were employed primarily in the manufacturing sector.

Shoe factory established in Akuapem North

The stop at Sefwi Akontombra

43.It is expected that by the completion of the establishment of the Youth Employment Service, an additional 131,817 people will be employed in 134 sub-districts of the country.In 2022, the Youth Employment Service will employ 106,000 people.

Construction of railway stations

44.According to the Production Plan for Ghana, Toyota Tsusho Automobile Plant opened its plant in March 2021 to produce Toyota and Suzuki vehicles Hilux Pickup and Suzuki Swift in Ghana.Volkswagen started mass production in Ghana in December 2020 and continued in 2021.

45.Four new automakers - Nissan, Kia, Hyundai and Renault - are expected to begin mass production in 2022.

Coping With Ghana and Climate Change

46. According to the Presidential Decree of the Republic of Ghana, 10,209 trees were planted across the country by the Ministry of Environmental Planning to commemorate the annual World Environment Day.

47.According to the National Census of Ghana, 75,170 hectares of land was planted while 80,000 hectares of land was planned to be planted.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Improving Public Policy by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment for Citizens

In addition to this, 3.7 million trees were planted, including Ophram, Emire, Wawa, Kokrodua, Teak, Cedrela, Gmelina, Cassia, Eucalyptus and Mahogani.

48. Through the exploitation of gold and other minerals as part of the Galamstop Mining Project, many rivers in the country, including the Pra River in Twifo Praso and Daboase, the Ankobra River in Bonsaso, the Tano River in Elubo, the Birim River in Osino and Bunso, have been purified.

MLNR

Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources

49. The land reclamation program has been implemented in selected districts along the Black Volta, White Volta, Tano, Offin and Densu Rivers. In addition, a number of projects have been implemented, including the planting of 252 trees in 7 districts and the planting of 16,937 trees. These projects will rejuvenate the lands that have been damaged by these rivers and reduce the impact on the rivers.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Development of Social Self-Employment through Open Access and Employment Opportunities for Citizens

50.Reconstruction of the grasslands at Kpone in Geng District and Oti in Ashanti District is underway to promote green spaces and sanitation in the districts and their valleys.

51. In FY2022, the Department of Environmental Planning will sell 400,000 trees felled and 100,000 trees planted in the country as part of its efforts to discourage afforestation of climate change impacts.

Reaching the People of Good News

52. As part of the implementation of the Government's Public Access to Drinking Water Programme, a number of projects have been undertaken in various stages of implementation, including:

• Phase 1 of drinking water training in Far Eastern Region - 98 per cent of these projects have been completed in Navrongo, Bolgatanga, Paga, Bongo and its valleys and are scheduled to be inaugurated in Summer in February 2021;

• Quality of Drinking Water Training for the Tamale Project - Completion of a feasibility study for the start of the project;

• Water Quality Training for Damango Completion of the preliminary preparation and evaluation of the benefits of the project;

• Water Quality Training in Wenchi The evaluation of the benefits of the project has been completed and the project is underway;

• Water Quality Training in Keta The evaluation of the benefits of the project has been completed and the project is underway; and

• Good Drinking Practice in Seconds Takoradi An evaluation of the benefits of the project has been completed and an application for the project has been signed.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Self-Employment at the National Level through Expanded Social Media and Job Seekers for Citizens

The waterworks at Navrongo

Use of computer science

53. As of 30 August 2021, 15,656,160 Ghanaians have been digitally registered and 11,646,391 citizenship cards have been issued. 163,695 foreign nationals have been digitally registered and given a non-citizenship card.

54.The National Road Traffic Control Scheme was launched on 1st of February 2021 and will end on 31st of February 2022 with the objective of reducing the number of road accidents.

Directions

55. As of the end of February 2021, 21,165 km of highways, 6,265 km of rural and urban highways and 2,937 km of urban highways have been constructed.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Increasing Social Self-Defense by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunity

56. The Pokuase Highway Interchange, which consists of four intersecting highways of 12 kilometres in length, various pedestrian walkways, pedestrian walkways, underpasses and water slides, was completed and inaugurated on 9th September 2021.

Exploring the Highway Corridor

57. By 2022, 25,000 kilometres of highways, 16,000 kilometres of rural and urban roads and 3,500 kilometres of urban roads will be constructed for transportation, infrastructure, roadside maintenance and roadside signalling.

58. In addition, 23 km of rural and urban highways and 800 km of urban highways and 300 km of urban highways will be upgraded through the following projects: construction, road lighting, extension, expansion of highways, maintenance of bridges and sewers. 75 km of rural and urban highways and 150 km of urban highways and 30 km of urban highways will be upgraded.

59. Construction of the following highways will continue in 2022:

• Phase 2 of the overpass of the Obetsebi Lamptey motorway;

• works on the 3rd floor of the intersecting towers of Tema Motorway Ranabauti;

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Improving Social Responsibility by Enhancing Social Responsibility and Employment for Citizens

• extension of La Beach Road (Lots 1 & 2) to the Tema Beach Road Highway; and

• The expansion of the Kumasi Lake Road and waterways.

Giving food

60. To empower people for sustainable agriculture throughout the year, 507 of the 560 small-scale dams were completed and another 80 dams were completed under the One-School One-School Program.

61. The government has completed 50 projects in rural areas as part of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to promote the marketing of agricultural products. In addition, the construction of the Mankessim dam, which includes a 780-metre-long irrigation dam, has been completed.

62. The government allocated 7.9 million crops to farmers under the Agriculture for Rural Food and Urban Development Scheme.

TECNO CAMON What is it?

Crops harvested for Farmers in Kintampo in Bono East Province under the Agriculture for Food and Rural Development Program.

63. The government distributed a total of 1,360,589 crops to 7,543 farmers in the provinces of Ahafo, Ashanti, Bono, Central, East, Geng, Oti, West and Volta. These crops are eggs, coffee, milk, honey, mango and cotton.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promoting self-sufficiency in society through the dissemination of economic and job opportunities to citizens

64. The government has completed 10 of the 11 feeding schemes and 11 water wells for feeding operations. In addition to this, the government has distributed 7,700,500 vaccines for poultry and animal diseases to cattle farmers.

65.The government has continued to reform the following irrigation projects and they are being implemented at full scale. If completed, it will allow 6766 hectares of agricultural land to be cultivated every day of the year: Irrigation Project in Kpong (2,176 hectares), Irrigation Project in Tono (2,490 hectares), and Irrigation Project in Kpong Left Bank (2,100 hectares). Other Irrigation Projects in Tamne in the West Central Province and Mprememina in the Province have also been completed. This will result in 375 hectares of arable land.

Improvements in Irrigation at Tono, Navrongo

66.By the end of September 2021, 23 of the 30 warehouses under construction have been completed as part of the Small Area Warehouse Scheme. The remaining 7 warehouses will be completed by the end of 2021. These warehouses will be able to accommodate 30,000 metric tons of food with a view to accommodating the anticipated surpluses under the Agriculture for Sustainable Development Scheme.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Social Self-Employment by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunity

Construction of a warehouse in Wenchi

67.In the recently concluded 2020/2021 coconut season, coconut farmers harvested 1,045,500 million tonnes of coconut.The government increased the price per tonne of coconut by 28 per cent to 10,560 Ghana shillings in the 2019/2020 season and remained the same until the 2021/2022 season, despite the decline in international coconut prices.

68. For the first time since the establishment of the Department of Animal Husbandry, chickens for human consumption were raised. The number of chickens aged 5 to 7 weeks was 1,300 and the number of chickens aged 5 to 7 weeks was 300. In addition, a total of 6,023,930 villages were divided according to the Agriculture for Food Provision and Rural and Urban Development Program. 55,727 villages and 34,252 villages were sold to farmers.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Increasing Social Self-Defense by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunity

69.By 2022, the Government will continue to support 14,000 farmers and livestock, 8,000 poultry, 5 million chickens and 20,000 other birds.

70. Department of Agriculture will continue to support the Agriculture for Rural Food Supply and Rural and Urban Development Program and the Agriculture for Employability Program by providing seed crops to farmers. Chickens will be raised and distributed to farmers (cattle breeders) in accordance with the Animal Agriculture Department's Chicken Breeding Program.

Brick power and roads

71. In order to regulate and control the supply and distribution of electricity, the following activities were carried out:

• The government has completed and commissioned the 330KV main line from Kumasi to Bolgatanga and the section from Kumasi to Kintampo;

• The government has completed 83% of the reconstruction of the 161KV main line from Volta-Achimota-Mallam and 55% of the Achimota-Mallam section;

• The government has completed, inaugurated and is operating the Pokuase Hydroelectric Power Plant; and

• The government has completed 85 percent of the construction of the Kasoa Electric Power Plant, which includes the upgrading of the 161KV grid of GRIDCO and the transfer of electricity from one location to another, with the remainder to be completed by the end of 2021.

72. To achieve electrification in all parts of the country by 2024, the Government has electrified 162 districts, increasing the electrification rate in the country from 85.17 per cent in 2020 to 86.63 per cent in 2021. The electrification of 512 districts is underway and various milestones have been set.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Social Self-Employment by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunities

Education

73.Government has partnered with education stakeholders to implement safety measures for the reopening of schools in July 2021.Temperature tests have been distributed to schools for testing of students and teachers.Recyclable detergents have been distributed to students and vaccines have been administered in all public and private schools.These coordination activities have reduced the spread of COVID-19 disease, ensured the safety of students, teachers and the general public and improved the educational system in all schools in the academic year 2020/2021.

The Huawei Nova 7i is equipped with a quad camera.

74. The Government has enrolled 425,061 secondary school students in secondary schools (first year) under the Free Secondary Education Scheme bringing the total number of secondary school students to 1,261,495. In addition, the Government has allocated the following to first year secondary school students under the Free Secondary Education Scheme:

• 4,135,284 worksheets; and

• 1,767,547 passports and identity cards;

• 395,571 exercises;

• 1,734,800 copies for art students;

• 34,696 special paints used by art students;

• 27,391 special printing tables; and

• 27,391 teaching tools.

75.In addition, the Government has completed 118 infrastructure projects, including schools, dormitories, offices, libraries, and restaurants in secondary schools, bringing the total number of infrastructure projects completed to date under the Secondary Development Plan to 657.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promoting domestic self-employment through improved social welfare and employment opportunities

Health issues

76. Issue 2 presents the prosecution of the COVID-19 outbreak from its inception to the 5th day of March 2021.

Issue 2: Indictment for the Spread of the COVID-19 Disease

Ratio. The number of people tested. The number of people infected. The number of people who recovered or were discharged. The number of people who died. The number of people still infected.

The blame is on the disease. 446,782 -- 49,609 --

The number of people infected with the virus is 876,926.

Travellers from other countries. 585,781. 2,907. 2,811.

It's the first time I've ever had a baby. It's the first time I've ever had a baby. It's the first time I've ever had a baby.

77.With the global availability of a vaccine for COVID-19, COVID-19 containment has become an additional safety measure in addition to the measures we are taking to slow the spread of the disease, such as flushing, social distancing and handwashing or hand sanitization for untreated hands.

78.Covid-19 vaccine AstraZeneca was initiated from 600,000 people in FY2021 and as of 8th March 2021, more than 2.5 million people have been vaccinated at least once.The vaccine is being administered to people over 18 years of age, except for pregnant women.The vaccination is currently underway in all 16 provinces and 261 sub-districts across the country.

79.As part of the promotion of the distribution of essential medicines by drones, the Government has partnered with Zipline Corporation to build two new pharmacies in Anum in Eastern Province and Abujuro in Oti Province.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 Resolution for Citizens

Subject: Improving the Productivity of the Nation by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment Opportunity

80.The government will promote the implementation of the Agenda 111 Resolution which involves the construction of 101 hospitals in small districts, seven hospitals in large districts, and three psychiatric hospitals in the country.The necessary preparations have led to the construction of 91 additional hospitals in small districts.

81. By 2022, the Government will begin construction of 11 clinics with a capacity of 40 patients and one clinic with a capacity of 30 patients in Ashanti, Bono, Genghe and Eastern Districts. The reconstruction of the large-scale Heart Hospital and the National Pharmacy Centre will be carried out and the construction of La Clinic, Nkoranza Clinic and Shama Clinic will be continued.

Number of people

82. The ongoing population and household census of 2021 ended on 8 May 2021. The unconfirmed census released on 22 July 2021 showed that Ghana's population was 30,792,608 million. Of this population, the number of women was 15,610,149 million (50.7 per cent) and the number of men was 15,182,459 million (49.3 per cent).

The 2021 Household and Population Census

83. In 2022, an in-depth review of corporate governance and corporate governance will be undertaken in order to ensure a credible and effective approach to the design and implementation of policies that promote economic growth across the country.

The End

84. The 2022 Budget is essential to ensure that the reforms we are making to sustain our economic recovery are consistent with the vision of our future.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Social Suicide by Increasing Social Responsibility and Employment

As a unified nation, we need to adapt to our needs, aspirations, and expectations.

85. We need to be patient, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated, we need to be self-motivated

86. God Bless Our Country Ghana!

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Improving Public Policy by Increasing Public Accountability and Employment Opportunity

Explaining the Basics of the Financial System

Small and Medium-sized Business Integration: The creation of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and commercial enterprises (SMEs) promotes the development of the country's manufacturing sector and economy, with the aim of creating more jobs for the country's citizens.

Accountability: It is the duty of a Government to render an account to the citizens of the administration of its operations, public finances, and assets under its control.

Distribution of funds and assets: The process by which the government allocates funds and assets to governmental agencies.

Reduce problems: To minimize a problem or suffering.

Budget: A budget is a set of financial plans that governments make to determine where the money will come from and how it will be used. For example, a family may plan how much money they have and how it will be spent (see rent, utility bills, rent, and food).

Fiscal deficit: This occurs when the Government spends more money than it receives, or when the amount spent is more than it receives.

Public development expenditures: This is the amount that the government spends on major development projects such as parking, schools, health facilities, highways, transportation, water supply, roads, and so on.

Salaries and Allowances of Civil Servants: Salaries and allowances of civil servants, Social Security benefits, allowances, etc.

Forward-looking lenders: These are countries and organizations that provide assistance to other countries by lending to them in order to meet their development goals. Forward-looking lenders may be corporations or nation-states. For example, the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank

Government of Ghana Fee 2022 Payment Scheme for Citizens

Subject: Promotion of Social Entrepreneurship by Increasing Social Inclusion and Employment for Citizens

(AfDB) and so on. Or the Taxpayer may be a single country. For example, Germany, United Kingdom, United States of America (USA) and so on.

End-of-year inflation: The periodic rise or fall in the price of goods and services at the end of the year or in the autumn.

Overspending: This occurs when the Government spends more money than the Budget approved by Parliament.

Free Secondary Education: The Free Secondary Education Scheme introduced by the Government of Ghana under the chairmanship of President Akufo Addo in the Spring of 2017 gives primary school students who pass the final examination the opportunity to attend free secondary school under the Free Secondary Education Scheme.

Government Grants: These are various types of grants made by the Treasury Department, usually without payment by the Treasury.

Government Grants: These include the District Assemblies Common Fund (DACF), the Disability Fund, the Ghana Education Trust Fund (GETFUND), the Regional Fund and the National Health Fund, among others.

Gross Domestic Product: This is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country at a particular time.

National debt: This is a country's ability to borrow money to buy goods and labour from foreign countries in a given period of time. It is also a country's ability to balance its finances with those of other developed countries.

Commodity Price: The frequency with which prices of goods and services rise or fall over a period of time.

Pre-emptive Action for Poverty Alleviation: The Pre-emptive Action for Poverty Alleviation is one of the key initiatives of the NPP Government which aims to eradicate poverty and inequality between the disadvantaged and the underprivileged, especially in urban areas.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Self-Employment at the National Level through Expanded Social Media and Job Seekers for Citizens

Objectives of macroeconomics: These are measures used to measure macroeconomic performance, such as economic growth, commodity prices, changes in employment and foreign trade, the success or failure of government macroeconomic policies and other measures adopted by the Central Bank of Ghana that affect the economy of the country.

Small Business Development: Typically, small businesses are companies that employ a small number of people at a low cost.

Employment for the Unemployed: This is a scheme introduced by the Government of Ghana for employment of graduates of higher education in order to eliminate social disadvantages in the public and private sectors in order to improve their skills for the promotion of the country's economy.

Small Business Administration: This is a non-profit government agency under the Department of Commerce and Industry whose mission is to promote the growth and development of small businesses.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): Gross domestic product (GDP) of a country, excluding oil revenues and inflation.

Non-Tax Revenues: These are government revenues that are not subject to taxation, such as licensing fees and operating expenses.

Government Accounts Receivable: This includes payments made by the government to government agencies through the Department of the Treasury and the balance of the government in Fiscal Year 2016.

Cash or Debt Balance: This is the amount of cash or debt that is left over after the government subtracts the amount of money used from its balance sheet (excluding taxes), usually expressed as a percentage of gross domestic product.

Government of Ghana Budget 2022 for Citizens

Subject: Promoting Self-Employment at the National Level through Expanded Social and Employment Opportunities for Citizens

Economic Growth: The rate at which Ghana's economy will grow in a year.

Government Revenues: This is the sum of all government revenues from domestic and foreign sources for the operation of the government.

Livestock for Food and Employment: The initiative will promote livestock breeding programs that will increase the productivity of livestock and reduce the export of livestock and animal products from rural areas and promote the employment issues related to livestock breeding.

Civil Assistance: This is assistance provided by the Government to citizens through the distribution of grants and loans.

Remuneration: A sum of money given by the Government to citizens as a form of debt relief in order to alleviate economic hardship.

Observation: This involves paying close attention.

Explanation: This is a statement by the Government to the public about its activities in order to make the Government's activities clear to the public.

Revenue and services: The money paid by the government for its operations and administrative affairs.

Value Added Tax (VAT): A tax levied on the supply of goods or services.

Government of Ghana 2022 Budget for Citizens

No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance.