FREEDOM AND JUSTICE REPUBLIC OF GHANA What is the meaning of freedom and justice?

The TWA of the ASANTE

The 2021 Public Hearing of the Year

Summary of the 2021 Public Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

How the public can ask questions

Information on the 2021 National Budget and the National Budget can be found at the following information portal: www.mofep.gov.gh

To obtain a copy of this document, please contact the Public Relations Department of the Ministry of Finance as follows:

Public Relations Office New Building Ground Floor Room 001 or 003 P. O. Box MB 40 Accra Ghana Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

Translated by:

Bureau of Ghana Languages

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Economic Plan

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

What Is Included

This is a list of all the different ways in which I can help you get started in the world of work.

The following table lists the different types of accounting systems: ...................................................3

ANODISM of the student . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

This is a list of all the different ways ........................... is credited in the database.

The number of people who are eligible to vote in the general election is the same as the number of people who are eligible to vote in the general election. The number of people who are eligible to vote in the general election is the same as the number of people who are eligible to vote in the general election. The number of people who are eligible to vote in the general election is the same as the number of people who are eligible to vote in the general election.

What is the Bible's answer to this question? 14

This is the 28th day of the 28th month of the 28th year of the 28th year of the 28th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year of the 29th year

This is a list of all the different ways in which the Government of India has been entrusted with regulating the financial markets in the country and, in particular, the way in which the Government of India is entrusted with regulating the markets in the country.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Economic Plan

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Set the table:

Table 1: Public health officials

Table 2: Finished projects

Table 3: Activities in progress

Accounting tables:

Table 1: Total amount of money received in public funds from April to December 2020 (Ghana's money in Billions)

Table 2: Summary of expenditure from April to December 2020 (Ghana's money in billions)

Table 3: Estimates of expected income in 2021 (Ghana dollars in billions)

Table 4: Financial services and distribution in 2021 (Ghana's money in billions)

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Economic Plan

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

"Now is the time for all of us, regardless of our political affiliation, to join hands and join forces to work hard to elevate Ghana to the level that this country deserves.

President

Grandfather Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo

(November 2021- National Time Announcement)

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Economic Plan

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

The Answer of the Disciple

In October 2020, Ghanaians voted for President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo again to continue the good work he is doing and to do more good in addition to what he is doing. It is not something that we underestimate the confidence Ghanaians have in this government.

The 2021 Economic Plan is unique in that it will strengthen our economy and help protect our citizens, stimulate disadvantaged businesses and enable us to leverage our resources to rebuild Ghana's growth after the COVID-19 pandemic. This Economic Plan is based on our vision of transforming the country into an economically sustainable nation.

For the first four years, we have implemented a multi-pronged strategy to restore the country's economic resilience through initiatives such as job creation, public fundraising, initiatives to improve employment, private sector support and social development assistance to the poor. By the end of 2019, Ghana was well on its way to achieving economic growth, which was witnessed by both business and economic growth factors, and was recognized internationally as a country on the path to economic growth, which was undermined by the COVID-19 pandemic. Some countries around the world, including Ghana, have been affected by the devastating effects of the pandemic.

The Covid-19 pandemic has created many challenges in the fight against occupational and behavioral illness.Governments have seen the negative impact of this pandemic on society, and therefore, the government has implemented various initiatives to help businesses to get back on track.Hopefully, we have found other ways to take advantage of this opportunity. The government is committed to ensuring the health of its citizens, so it has taken steps to ensure that no Ghanaian is vaccinated against this controversial disease so that we all have access to healthcare to work towards achieving the Ghanaian healthcare standard that we all desire.

We have worked with you through all the challenges in our journey and have taken courageous steps to get the country's economy back on track. Currently, about 1.2 million Ghanaians have access to life-changing Higher Education, we have repaired the situation that was not in the banking sector and the majority of people have access to the financial services that were not in the banking sector. In addition, we have established a shipbuilding company in our country and have seen the first ships built by this company at various ports and on our routes.

In fact, we acknowledge that we have faced challenges in our efforts to achieve our development goals. The government is actively pursuing policies to address these challenges in order to ease the burden on enterprises. For example, in October 2020, GH¢750 million was allocated to support micro, regional and large enterprises and others in a project called the CAP-BuSS Initiative.

It is now more important than ever that we join hands and take bold steps towards achieving the goals we aspire to. After all, we have pledged in the National Assembly to work for Ghana with all our strength and with all our heart.

God bless all of us.

Hail to the Ghanaian!

Ken Ofori-Atta Minister of Finance

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Facts and Figures

1. The 2021 National Youth Budget is a summary of the Government's actions and the amount of money that the Government has committed to provide for the implementation of its policies and initiatives in 2021. The main objective of the National Youth Budget is to "complete the process of consolidating and implementing the remainder of the process by stimulating the national economy". The main objective of the National Youth Budget is to address this issue because, in the past, the Government has had a number of other initiatives each year, while there are many ongoing projects that are not fully implemented. This not only affects our finances, but also our ability to pay contractors in a timely manner. This increases the cost of various projects because we pay a premium for each project that we have to pay on time.

2. In 2021, the Government has decided to undertake a new phase. The aim of this new phase is to bring an end to a situation in which there has been a tradition of suspending the implementation of each project, and therefore, the Government has decided to undertake the completion of all the projects that have not been completed.

The 2020 State of the Union Address

What was the basis of economic growth

3. The following is the state of the national economy in 2020:

• In the first nine months, gross domestic product grew by about 0.2% and should reach 0.9% by the end of the year;

• Revenues excluding Fango also increased in the first nine months to zero percent and four points (0.4 percent), and should reach one and six points (1.6 percent) by the end of the year;

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Economic Plan

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

• The inflation rate at the end of October stood at 10.4%, compared with 11.0%.

• The budget deficit is 11.7 percent of GDP, up from 11.4 percent of GDP;

• We have shifted from a deficit of 5.3% of GDP to a deficit of 4.6% of GDP; and

• The country's foreign exchange reserves also reached US$8.6 billion, which is equivalent to about four months and one day's supply.

A 2020 report on the work of Jehovah's Witnesses in the United States

The Money in the National Portrait

4.In 2020, the Government put on the table a series of measures to raise funds, including the allocation of funds to the country.The Government had set a target of GH$53.7 billion for infrastructure and technology initiatives.By the end of October 2020, we had raised GH$55.1 billion, which was 1.5 billion more than our estimate. This was made possible thanks to our hard work in the External Trade Negotiations, through the implementation of the Integrated Customs Management System (ICUMS), which allowed us to collect large amounts of money.Table 1 shows the economic performance of our various sources of revenue in 2020.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Economic Plan

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Table 1: Total amount of money in public funds from October December 2020 (Ghana's currency in Billions)

60.0 53.7 55.1 50.0 40.7 42.6 40.0 30.0 20.0 10.0 4.5 5.0 3.8 3.6 3.4 2.8 1.2 1.2 0.0

The amount of money received by the government and the amount of money donated

Buying money that does not come from oil money

Buying money that does not come from oil money

Coins of the Fungi and the Pygmies

Other funding (ESLA and SSNIT training to NHIL

Gifts of money

Changes in economic conditions

Working with Money

5.As of the end of October 2020, the Government had disbursed GH¢100.1 billion, including pre-Government debt, at a target of GH¢97.7 billion. Debt relief and other loans were not adequate. Disbursements on all other projects exceeded the target, as shown in Table 2. The reasons for the increase in some of the projects are as follows:

• number of health workers employed, salaries of health workers who stood akono at the clinic

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Economic Plan

Then: treatment of disability, and the total number of retired servicemen in the Employee Benefit Statement; • COVID-19 disability including some others related to certain Products and Services; and • COVID-19 disability screening program funded under the Technology Budget. It is also important to note that the Government extended a loan of ₹44.9 billion (GH¢44.9 billion) in addition to the Government's receipts and disbursements of ₹55.1 billion (GH¢55.1 billion) for the implementation of the measures in 2020. Then the chart: In Excel charts embedded in Office/PDF, the text order in the PDF stream is typically: Y-Axis labels: Non-performing loans Other loans Technology Loans to governmental entities Non-performing loans Goods and services Loans Employee salaries Amount of loans (and loans... Then data labels: 2.21 0 1.44 1.44 12.18 12.08 14.09 9.33 11.88 11.81 26.6 26.27 7.39 7.74 28.27 27.06 100.53 97.74 X-Axis labels: 0 20 40 60 80 100 120 Legend: Prov Outturn Revised Budget Wait! Look at the order in Excel charts: In Excel, horizontal bar charts store categories in order (either top-down or bottom-up), then

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

This is the total amount of government borrowing to pay the debt held by banks and Independent Power Purchase (IPPs). Excluding the debt held by banks, the total debt held by the government in 2020 would have been 71.5% of the gross domestic product (71.5 percent of GDP). The ratio of government debt is as follows:

• External debt: GH¢141.7 billion (US$24.7 billion) of external debt, or 48.6 percent of total debt; and

• National debt: The national debt is $149.8 billion (GH$149.8 billion) in U.S. dollars, or $26.1 billion, or 51.4 percent of the total debt.

2021 GOLD SUMMARY and the Public SUMMARY of the year

Factors driving economic stability anticipated for 2021

8. Government fiscal policies and policies (taxation and spending decisions) have a significant impact on how our economy performs in the same context. The 2021 Economic Plan is based on the following criteria:

• Real GDP growth of 5.0%;

• Non-Oil Real GDP growth of 6.7%;

• monthly monthly highs - 8.0%;

• surplus - 9% and deficit - 5% (9.5% of GDP);

• the amount of money needed to meet the budget deficit - one percent and three-quarters (1.3 % of GDP); and

• External amounts to be borrowed for at least four months.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

non-petroleum fish

7.1

Buying Gold That Is Not Made From Oil

53.6

Costly

55.8

The amount of money the government receives and the amount of money donated

72.5 Wait! Let's also consider: what if it's:

Gifts of money

Other funding (ESLA and SSNIT training to NHIL

Coins of the Fango

Buying Gold That Is Not Made From Oil

Buying Gold That Is Not Made From Oil

Costly

The amount of money the government receives and the amount of money donated

1.5

4.9

5.4

7.1

53.6

55.8

72.5 Wait! Look at the rule again: "- Follow the natural reading order (respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)." Look at the parenthetical: "(respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next) " Wait! Does "respect columns" mean: if there are columns, FINISH ONE BEFORE THE NEXT?! READ THAT CAREFULLY! "respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next" WHY did the author write "respect columns... finish one before the next"? Because if there are columns, you MUST NOT read them across row-by-row (interleaved)! You MUST FINISH COLUMN 1 BEFORE COLUMN 2! WAIT! Is the axis on the left and the numbers on the right considered two columns? Wait! In a table, you have rows and columns, but tables have their own rule: "- Tables: one marker per table row, cells separated by "✔". So tables are read row-by-row with ` | `! Why do tables have a special rule? Because tables have columns, but shouldn't be read column-by-column! Now look at charts: Does a chart have a rule saying "one marker per chart row"? NO! Wait, but is a bar chart considered to have columns? Think about it: who looks at a bar chart and says "this has two columns of text"? Wait! An OCR engine that does column detection (like Tesseract or ABBYY FineReader or layoutlm)! When you feed a document image into ABBYY FineReader or Tesseract or Google Document AI

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Sanitation and Pollution Levy (SPL) of ten peswas (10 peswas) per petrol/diesel under the Energy Sector Levies Act (ESLA), to provide information on sanitation and pollution, to provide information on the number of people who become ill or die as a result of pollution;

The Energy Sector Recovery-Delta Fund of twenty pesos per litre/desil, under the ESLA scheme, will help to cover the cost of energy from the Energy Recovery Agreements concluded during the period of inactivity of the equipment included in the Agreement;

Bank Operations Reorganization Tax - 5% on the profit-before-tax of the banks (5% on profit-before-tax) and this amount will be used to pay the balance of the public funds in the banking operations that have collapsed. This will be revised in 2024;

The Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of External Affairs will jointly oversee the accreditation process and will work with leading companies in this field to develop a strategy to finance the accreditation process; and

We will make adjustments to the Road Tax revenue in accordance with the Fees and Charges (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 2018 (Act 983), which allows for a more accurate calculation of the Road Tax, thereby achieving an annual adjustment of the revenue in line with the annual excise duty imposed by the Ghana Statistical Service.

How to allocate funds in 2021

11.Government has decided to allocate GH113.8 billion for 2021 as outlined in Table 4 below.The remaining amount to be borrowed by the Government will come from external and domestic borrowing.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Table 4: Financial services and distribution in 2021 (Ghana's money in billions)

Paying off debts

3.7

Other uses of money

8.4

Funding for government projects

18.1

Payment of taxes

35.9

Technical costs

11.4

Cost of clothing and accessories

6.0

Workers' wages

30.3

113.8

How much money to spend

COVID-19 We did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate, we did it to educate

12.This section outlines the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the world and on Ghana, as well as the measures taken by the Government to manage and mitigate the impact.

The impact of COVID-19 on the health of Kontonkurowi

13.The COVID-19 pandemic that swept the globe in the run-up to the end of 2019 affected every industry, industry and even the global economy.Economic activity was disrupted, people were laid off from their jobs, people lost money and services that would have led to the collapse of public debt.In addition, more than 2.6 billion people around the world have lost their lives.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

14.In Ghana, there were eleven new cases per week, rising to 781 in the last week of November 2020, and 104 in the last week of October 2020.In 2021, the number of new cases rebounded from nine cases per week in October, to 881 cases per week on 5 October 2021.

15.In order to combat the virus, the Government imposed a series of lockdowns, which had a negative impact on many key sectors of the Government, notably hospitality, agriculture, health, tourism, manufacturing, dance, banking and education.

16.Travellers, navigators and tro-tro officials, as well as private sector employees who are unregistered and have no means of subsistence, were heavily impacted by the Government's immigration ban. Although the ban was intended to reduce the spread of the virus, it did significantly reduce the number of goods and services the public needed to sustain their livelihoods.

17. Compared to other Western countries, the Government of Ghana has taken courageous positive steps to curb the spread of the virus which has earned the international praise of the Government for these steps and encouraged the Government to do more.

18. A further step taken by the Government is that the Government, with the assistance of the World Bank,

Some of the process of bacterial reproduction

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

with US$100 million, the National COVID-19 Emergency Preparedness and Response Plan (EPRP) was established with the overall objective of strengthening national knowledge and capacity to monitor, diagnose and respond effectively to the pandemic in three phases - Blood testing, detection and treatment.

19. The government also provided the following comforts for the people:

• Government assistance to the private sector to prevent the disclosure of workers and their families in the ongoing fight against the pandemic;

• The government paid electricity bills to the public from April to October 2020 and provided food to the needy during the lockdown period;

• The government provided food to one million, eight hundred and twenty-seven, five hundred and eighty-one (1,827,581) people in Accra and nine hundred and seventeen, one hundred and forty-two (917,142) people in Kumase who did not have access to food;

• The Government and various Ministries jointly distributed food to 1,472 families during the period of the state of emergency.

• The Government through the Ghana Water Company Limited distributed water to ten million, one hundred and twenty-five, six hundred and twenty (10,125,620) Ghanaians during the same period;

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Economic Plan

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

The government through the Come Home Service Operation Return Home program helped Ghanaians who were forced to travel during the COVID-19 pandemic and were struggling to travel back home.

The Government initiated the Coronavirus Alleviation Programme Business Support Scheme (CAP-BuSS) with a grant of ₹750 million (GH¢750 million) with the objective of helping Micro, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (MSMEs) to cope with the impact of the pandemic. n); and then

The Government launched the COVID-19 National Trust Fund (COVID-19 National Trust Fund), which has disbursed GH¢57.13 million (GH¢45.22 million) as of 31 December 2020, including discounted patient protection allowances (PPEs) and medical information to hospitals for COVID-19 treatment, small boats for elderly, poor and disadvantaged people to hospitals for the treatment of COVID-19 infection (COVID-19 Treatment Centres) and other initiatives. The answer is yes.

20. COVID-19 support in 2021: The Government will start implementing the following schemes this year to provide some relief to some citizens, especially those who are most affected by the pandemic:

Tax rebate: The Government will reduce the tax rebate of 30% for companies in the hospitality and catering, education, manufacturing and leisure, travel and tourism sectors in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2021.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Goods tax: The government will abolish the small business sales tax in the second, third and fourth quarters of this year to provide relief to small businesses;

Transportation Benefit Tax: The government will eliminate the three-monthly tax paid by tro-tro and taxi owners in the second, third and fourth quarters of this year in order to ease transportation costs; and

Increase in withholding tax rates to encourage businesses to pay non-payment of taxes: The government has abolished the penalty payments and withholding tax rates for corporate and private payments by October 2020. This is a scheme to help corporate and private individuals to pay their bills only in January of this year. This scheme is available to those who have successfully completed paperwork at the Ghana Revenue Agency (GRA) office and have paid their taxes in the first three months of the year.

Ghana COVID-19 living and health information (young people)

21. The Government of Ghana launched the Ghana COVID-19 Alleviation and Revitalization of Enterprises Support (Ghana CARES) programme on 20 October 2020 with the objective of reducing the impact of the pandemic and supporting enterprises in implementing best practices to recover rapidly and thereby improve the economy of the country. In fact, this is a bold step towards transforming Ghana's economy into a stable, technologically advanced, prosperous country that can truly meet the needs of all Ghanaians.

22. The Ghana COVID-19 Response and Private Employment Incentive (Ghana CARES) programme is based on corporate incentives to accelerate job creation as

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

The government is confident and committed that through the Ghana COVID-19 Response and Private Employment Incentive (Ghana CARES) program, it will provide economic incentives and incentives from the production process and this will also provide additional employment opportunities with better wages, especially in the private sector.

23. The activities to be undertaken under the Ghana COVID-19 Response and Corporate Incentive Support (Ghana CARES) programme are as follows:

• to promote the expansion and attractiveness of agriculture, thereby stimulating the interest of educated young people in agriculture;

• opening up of small technology and manufacturing enterprises in Ghana;

• contribute to the improvement of technological and communication activities in the State;

• ensuring that digital communication technologies are rapidly taken up and implemented in our daily lives;

• Improve Ghana's housing and tourism sector;

• Ghanaman will be developed as a tourism hotspot in West Abiram;

• making adjustments or improvements to the Governing Body's procedures; and

• Opening of the Development Bank of Ghana with the objective of investing in all infrastructure initiatives under the Ghana COVID-19 Response and Entrepreneurship Promotion (Ghana CARES) programme.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

COVER SUBJECT How to Preach the Good News of God's Kingdom

24.This section discusses the efforts made by a number of aid agencies in 2020, and outlines the programmes and strategies that are on the way for them in 2021.The performance and strategy of the various aid agencies is based on the Medium-Term National Development Agenda 2018-2021 and the Ghana Beyond Aid Agenda. Another objective of the project is to complete the implementation of the Government's CARES (Ghana's COVID-19 Response and Encouragement Programme) and to contribute to the achievement of the national and international commitments of the United Nations Vision 2030 (UN 2030 Agenda) (SDGs) and the African Union Vision 2063 (African Union Agenda 2063).

RELATED to food and agriculture

Female merchants selling their produce

25. The Ministry of Food and Agriculture continued the implementation of the National Agricultural Investment Plan-Investing for Food and Jobs (IFJ, 2018-2021) to alleviate poverty, followed by the implementation of the Economic Campaign for Jobs.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Economic Plan

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

In 2020, the Government carried out the following tasks:

One million, seven hundred and thirty-six, five hundred and ten (1,736,510) peasants received fertilizers and stone crops, as well as high-grade seeds for crop growth (e.g., corn), which led to the emergence of more jobs for more people.

The government purchased 7,500 sheep from 750 farmers in the Northwest, Northern, and Oti provinces, and distributed 30,000 chickens to 3,000 farmers in the Northwest, Eastern, Asante, Northern, and Accra provinces.

The government gave the peasants swords, five hundred and thirty-one thousand and one hundred (531,100) pigs and chickens, began to build eleven cattle pastures (11), dug seven wells (7) in cattle pastures;

He outlined the achievements of each of the various farm-to-supply schemes: The first phase (Phase I) of the Tamne Project had a completion rate of ninety percent (90%) and the second phase (Phase 2) had a completion rate of fifty percent (50%), while the first phase (Phase II) had a completion rate of ninety-five percent (95%), improving the following, using a technological approach, and expanding it to a number of achievements: The first phase (Phase I) of the Tamne Project had a completion rate of ninety-five percent (95%), the second phase (Phase II) had a completion rate of ninety-five percent (95%), the third phase (Phase II) had a completion rate of ninety-five percent (95%), the third phase (Phase II) had a completion rate of ninety-five percent (95%), the third phase (Phase II) had a completion rate of ninety-five percent (95%), and the third phase (Phase II) had a completion rate of ninety-five percent (95%).

field-so-soil project

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

sixty-one (61%) and Kpong river left consonant function seventy-two (72%);

• Completed ten (10) small reservoirs in the Northeast, Northwest, North and Savannah Districts to facilitate access to water for domestic use and agricultural use throughout the year;

• Completed twenty-one (21) Production Warehouses based on the One District One Warehouse scheme;

• Maintained the price of coconut-tonnes at 7,600 shillings (GH¢7,600) in 2017/2018 and increased by 8% in 2018/2019 to reach 8,240 shillings (GH¢8,240). The aim of the scheme is to keep coconut farmers on their feet even as export prices fall.

• Creating 110,000 new jobs through co-operative schemes to reduce urban migration from small towns to cities, to improve the well-being of all citizens.

26. In 2021, the Government will do the following:

• continue to provide fruit and fertilizer to some farmers through the production of corn, rice, soybeans, maize, cowpea, and beans, to give Ghana a foothold in agriculture, allowing some of the crops to be exported;

• will distribute to farmers the livestock of at least five hundred and thirty-one thousand (531,100) pigs and chickens purchased in 2020; will open three cocoa sheds (3); will buy less than five thousand (5000) broiler chickens per day and twenty thousand (20,000) so-called poultry farmers and give fifty percent (50%) of the price to farmers;

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

buy agricultural equipment and supplies worth $30 million (US$30 million) and distribute it to farmers to improve farming techniques; buy 97,000 litres of army worm pesticides; buy two glasshouses; and then buy three parasitoids, which are used to reduce the number of parasites; and then buy 3 million pesticides, which are used to reduce the number of parasites.

He will train sixty-four (64) youths in greenhouse technology in Akumadan and Bawjiase.

FUNCTIONS IN THE WORK and in the media

27.In 2020, the Government implemented a series of technological transformation initiatives aimed at transforming the State into an entrepreneurial base in the Western Balkans and even in the Western Balkans.In 2020, the Government took the following steps:

Based on the Mansini One Dining One System (1D1F) project, 232 projects have been implemented, each reaching a specific milestone. At present, seventy-six (76) of them have been completed and put into operation, while one hundred and seven (107) are in the process of implementation.

Financial support was given to businesses that had the opportunity to set up one-stop-shops (1D1F), some of which were loaned out, some of which were granted tax exemption, and others, with incentives such as truck roads, water and electricity, to the location of their technology.

It was agreed that Mansini Baako Afisya Baako (1D1F) Thirty-seven (37) companies did not pay a total of six hundred and three million (GH¢603 million) in excise duties;

The government represented the four Mansini One Food Business One Companies (1D1F) and the Banking Companies partnered with them and secured loans of two and a half billion (GH$2.3billion).

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

In addition, the bank's operations were threatened with liquidation in the amount of two hundred and thirteen million guilders (GH¢213) million, in the event that some of the loans were to be used as collateral.

● Established 37 Business Resource Centres (BRCs) in Mansini districts in 2020, enabling full deployment of their manpower, equipment and other resources. The scope of 37 Business Resource Centres (BRCs) has expanded to 146 Mansini districts. Another 30 Business Resource Centres have been launched, bringing the total number to 67 by completion;

● Helped 110 state-owned facial masks manufacturers to increase their production volume by contracting them to manufacture COVID-19 masks; and

● The total volume of masks purchased from three (3) national masks manufacturers was 19.5 million masks, 90,000 masks, 90,000 face masks, and 50,000 medical devices in 2020.

Provision of COVID-19 support to micro, regional and large enterprises (MSMEs) to boost their performance

8 DECENT WORK and economic growth

9 INDUSTRY, innovation and infrastructure

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

28.In 2021, the Government will continue 107 1D1F projects that have already started construction and 49 projects that have already started construction.

A FACT that affects the heart - the heart

29. In order to provide the public with access to Fire-based power, the Government has done the following in 2020:

• Ninety-eight per cent (98%) of the 200MW Amandi Power Project has been completed, with only a small portion of the project now in operation, which will soon be decommissioned;

• Incorporated 388 out of 560 communities into the National Fire-Energy Register, increasing access to electricity from 85% zero (85.0%) in April to 85% double (85.2%) by the end of October 2020, and providing electricity to over 10,000 communities through the Local Fire-Energy Scheme.

• Based on the rural liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) program, it was distributed to 500 thousand (1,500) liquefied petroleum gas users.

30. In 2021, the Government will continue to pursue the following objectives:

• Complete the first phase of the Early Power Project 1B, bringing the total installed capacity to 202MW;

• continue the process of PPA Renegotiations;

• oversee the implementation of the Pwalugu Multipurpose Dam project;

• repair or replacement of T3 Gas Turbines;

• Complete the first phase (Lot1) of the Kumasi-Bolgatanga power line.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

promote the Volta-Achimota-Mallam 161kV transmission; and

He will complete the (330kV A4BSP Small Bulk Supply Point) project.

What is the Bible's answer to that question?

GHANA COVID-19 private sector fund

REPUBLIC of the GHANA

1 There is NO POVERTY

8 DECENT WORK and economic growth

Ghana Bureau of Mines, Accra

31. In keeping with the Government's vision of achieving universal health coverage for all citizens, freeing them from the impact of COVID-19, the Government has undertaken the following in 2020:

zipline

He supported the Government's Strategic Plan on Health Indicators in the Agenda 111 Programme; he initiated the construction of 101 Mansini hospitals (101), seven Regional hospitals (7), and two psychiatric hospitals (2), and has completed the renovation of Effia-Nkwanta Hospital.

20 G

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Delivered the antiretroviral therapy (ART) toolkit (eTracker) to 488 locations to support HIV/AIDS treatment, the tuberculosis (TB) toolkit (eTracker) to similar locations, and purchased 2,343 radiopharmaceutical refrigerators and distributed to all parts of the country to assist in emergency response.

developed four small drones: the GH1 Omenako, the GH2 Mpanya, the GH3 Vobsi, and the GH4 Sefwi; to help establish a state-of-the-art approach to healthcare management by eliminating the problem of overdue medicines, and non-drug cold chain breakages, and to accelerate treatment.

It is estimated that 58,191 people took part in health services.

Table 1: Public health workers

No. Employees hired until retirement. Number of employees hired in 2020

Doctors and nurses.

2. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3. medical assistants

4. (Certificates, Diplomas and Degrees) 43,057

5. Medical Assistant (manager, cook, other staff, etc.) 2,000

Pharmacists and pharmacists

7. Children's physicians

8. Some other health professionals (ophthalmologists, anesthesiologists, blood test physicians)

There are 50,970 of them.

No. Short-term employees. Number of people hired in 2020

1 1,030 other physicians

2 -------------- 6 016 ---------------- 6 016 ------------------------------------------------------ This is the first time I've seen this. I've seen this before.

Children's physician) 175

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Yes, "but" - "organized" - "laws" - "a" - "will provide" - "thing" - "call" - "no" - "Physical" - "Care" - "ho" - "Walking" - "(Emergency Response System) " - "no" - "feed" - "in"; Bullet 2 under 34: - "will go" - "so" - "feed" - "Aban" - "signs" - "organized" - "no" - "work" - "a" - "feed" - "no" - "Agenda 111" - "no" - "say" - "someone" - "someone"; Bullet 3 under 34: - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" - "follow" "follow" - "follow" - "fol "Shama Mansini Hospital;" (semicolon at end) 3. "La Hospital;" (semicolon at end) 4. "Tema Regional Hospital;" (semicolon at end) 5. "Repair of this national cemetery;" (semicolon at end) 6. "Nkoranza Mansini Hospital; and" (semicolon after Hospital, then "and") Now let's check the footer:

Wait, let's look at the footer: Is it: "22 ". Let's zoom into the footer: "22 ". The flag graphic has a black star on

Asantire: "We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and stimulate the national economy"

○ Dormaa Accident and Emergency Hospital.

It will continue to use supplies and purchases from other sources to assess whether COVAX has been effective in reducing the spread of COVID-19 and reducing its effects.

A PURPOSE for the Ways and Means of Life

Photo by SOC # 2021

Small trucks and horse-drawn carriages (Transportation services in the capital city of Accra)

9 INDUSTRY, innovation and infrastructure

11 Sustainable Cities and Communities

35. The Government, taking into consideration the following, continued to undertake periodic maintenance and minor repairs of truck roads and activities relating to the exercise of the right of the people to freedom of movement of goods in a peaceful manner:

He built urban roads - 25,048 square kilometers, agricultural roads - 11,061 square kilometers, and rural roads - 5,535 square kilometers

He designed a series of roads connecting two towns by 62 kilometers, roads leading to and from grain exports.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

120 square kilometres, and 1,570 square kilometres of urban roads,

• Completed the 648-kilometre road course, details of which are summarized in Table 2 below.

Table 2: Projects completed

I didn't know where to go.

Ashongman, Lapaz (Petroleum), Airport Residential Area, Trinity Seminary, Ga Central, Kwashiman-Ofankor, Chapel Street/Link, Dzorwulu, Tema East, Dansoman, East Legon, Tantra Hill, Ga West Roads, Tema, Baatsona, Shiashie, Burma Camp, Roman Ridge, Ofankor.

East, Kyebi, Koforidua, Oda, Suhum, Nana Association of Adjei Mile 50, Akim Oda

Northeast Regional Hospital Road, Bolga

Located at Chapel Hill, Kwesimintim Sawmill, Assakae, New Takoradi, GPHA Quarters

Ashanti Tech Anloga , Tafo, Suame, Moshie Zongo, Buokrom, Kwadaso, Bantama, Manhyia, Mampon, oboase, Subin

Central: Simpa (Anglican church Copa square. road), Simpa-Oda road, Bawjiase road, Swedru SHS road

Sunyani, Berekum

Firaw※ Hohoe city roads, Kpeme road

36. In 2021, the Government will:

• Continue to improve the roads of the country by protecting the investment in the campaign and not wasting it, and by improving the technology of collecting tolls for trucks, by investing in the road map, continue to improve the roads for trucks;

• Establish a plan to reduce the cost of repairing the roads by determining the maximum weight that can be used on certain roads and reducing the cost of repairing the roads; and

• Begin the water-drop project as outlined in Table 3.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Table 3: The roles and responsibilities

THE WITNESS. THE WITNESS was great

Dufor Adidome Asikuma square (39.2km) Asutuare Aveyime (23.9km) road, Dufor Adidome and Asikuma square

Construction of a dam on the Volivo river in the Firaw region. 1No.

Construction of the Tatale-Zabzugu-Yendi-Tamale highway 165.8km

Zabzugu Nakpali Bimbila road repair 73.6km

Dome Kitase road repair. 19.5km

Buipe, Yapei and Daboya will be rebuilt by hand.

Make the first leg of the Tema Flao road.* 17km

It will be a 64.7km stretch of road.

Assin Praso Assin Foso maintenance road (N8) Phase 2 60km

Construction of the second phase of the Tema Motorway.

To obtain the necessary supplies, by means of an iron handle. 50No.

Kumasi city roads and highways will be repaired. 100km

100km on the roads of the cities of Accra and Tema

A number of roads have been repaired in Tamale and Yendi (Northern Province), Nalerigu, Walewale & Gambaga (North East Province) and Damango (Savannah Province).

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

A Responsibility for Children

4 QUALITY education

5 Gender equality

8 DECENT WORK and economic growth

High school students following COVID-19 awareness campaigns

37. With a view to ensuring access to quality education for all, the Government in 2020 has undertaken the following:

• Continued to implement the high school and district education curriculum that was launched in 2017. trained 153,000 teachers in the country's Kindergarten (KG) to level 6 students and trained 290 school assistants to ensure the implementation of the Kindergarten to level 6 curriculum;

• The Cabinet approved 956 curricula based on the most recent curricula. The second part of the Higher and Regional curricula, which is a compulsory curriculum, and the Cabinet approved the curricula for Higher and Regional Schools;

• Built twenty (20) libraries across the country, increasing the number of national libraries to ninety (90), renovated ten public libraries (10), and thirty-three (33) secondary libraries to improve literacy and learning;

• The government distributed awards for the new curriculum to 157,000 teachers across the country, as well as thousands of trainers, provincial and rural trainers.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Budget

Asantire: "We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and stimulate the national economy"

A total of 4,086 teachers were trained across the country, and a total of 152,000 teachers were trained in the new curriculum.

The government purchased 840 pickup trucks and 350 buses for distribution to educational staff. The government also purchased 2,000 motorcycles for distribution to circuit supervisors to help improve their performance;

The government implemented the plan for the creation of a secondary school in Fakamekwa, which increased the number of secondary school students from eight hundred and thirteen thousand four hundred and forty-eight (813,448) in the academic year 2016/2017 to one million two hundred and five hundred and eighty (1,200,580) in the academic year 2019/2020;

The government has allocated funds for the various educational exhibits that will be required at Famekwa High School in order to accommodate the total number of enrolled students:

The government has completed the construction of 539 of the 1,119 secondary schools that were started in 2017.

A total of twenty-eight (28) Day School E-Blocks were completed by the Government through the Secondary Education Improvement Programme (SEIP).

38. In 2021, the Government will do the following:

Eleven thousand nine hundred and ninety-seven (11,997) KG-level 6 teachers will be trained under the new Standard-Based Curriculum and then ninety-five thousand (95,000) teachers will be trained under the Common Core Programme (CCP).

Ensure the first pass of the National Standard Assessment Test (NSAT) for the students of Primary 2 and Primary 4 levels;

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

He will continue to oversee the construction of nine Technical Education and Training Centres (TVET) and the implementation of the Free SHS programme.

He will continue to establish twenty (20) STEM Centres across the country to contribute to the government's vision of achieving excellence in the fields of Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Mathematics.

The End

39. In 2021, the Government will continue to support various industries, ensure the development of various industries, agriculture, technology, and private enterprise. In this regard, we urge all citizens to participate in the nation-building process as we continue to work hard for the country towards these goals, so that we can reap the benefits of our hard work.

40. God Bless the Republic of Ghana

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Glossary of terms (Financial terms)

Mansini One Food, One Business (1D1F): This is a series of initiatives to open up rural industries and improve the quality of life in Ghana. The aim is to create jobs in the country and provide employment opportunities for Ghanaians in all parts of the country.

Accountability: This refers to the accountability of a government to its citizens for its actions and the reporting of various steps taken by the government. This includes financial and other assets that the government maintains for the general public.

Allocation: This is the process of allocating public funds to government departments and agencies for use by the public.

Alleviation: This is a technique to minimize the effects of a problem.

Basic Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (BSTEM): This is a term used to refer to these subjects. These terms are used when designing an educational plan and curriculum to facilitate improvements in education in these subjects.

Budget: A budget refers to a government's plan for how and where to spend the money. For example, a family may make a financial plan by listing the amount of money they have and the items they need to spend the money on, such as housing, water, electricity, and food.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Budget deficit: This occurs when government spending exceeds government revenues.

Capital Expenditure: This is the cost of capital expenditures such as transportation, school fees, hospital bills, bridges, roads, water, heavy machinery, and so on.

Compensation of Employees: This is the monthly salaries, allowances, social security contributions, travel allowances etc. paid to Government employees.

Development Partners: This refers to countries or organizations that support developing countries in achieving their development goals. These may be organizations such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank, etc. They may also be private countries such as Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States, and their affiliates.

End-Year Inflation: This is the level of inflation that occurs in the month of October in a given year.

Expenditure Overrun: This occurs when expenditures exceed the limits set in the budget approved by parliament.

The Energy Sector Levies Act (ESLA).

Evacuation: This is the process of moving a large number of people from one place to another.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Famekwa Secondary School (FREE SHS): Famekwa Secondary School is a new Government initiative announced by the Government of Prime Minister Nana Akuffo-Addo in April 2017 that any JHS student who performs well in the examination will be given free access to the Secondary School.

Fiscal Responsibility Act: This is a set of laws that governs the government and regulates the use of tax revenues.

Government Grants: These are types of financial assistance provided by the Ministry of Finance to the Government that is not paid by the Government.

Grants to other Government Units: This refers to grants that are required by law to be paid into the Mansini Parliamentary Fund DACF, the Road Fund , the Education Fund GETFUND and the Petroleum Related Fund .

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): This is the total value of all final goods and services produced in a country in a given period of time.

Gross International Reserves (GIR): A measure of the ability of a country's economy to absorb foreign direct investment (FDI) at a given point in time. It is used to compare the relative strength of a country's foreign exchange reserves with those of other countries.

Inflation: This refers to the rise in the prices of goods and services over a period of time.

Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme (IPEP): The need to reduce poverty

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Youth Budget

Asantire: "We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and stimulate the national economy"

The project is one of the most ambitious of the NPP Government's initiatives, with the ultimate goal of reaching out to rural communities, especially the poor, thereby helping to alleviate poverty and reduce the disparity in living standards between rural and urban communities.

Loan Repayment: This is the repayment of loans from various countries and banks, either domestically or abroad.

Macroeconomic targets: These are measures of a country's economic activity. Examples include economic growth, inflation, job growth, the dynamics of the domestic and international markets, the extent to which the government's fiscal policy is weak, and the extent to which the Bank of Ghana's policies affect inflation.

Micro and Small Business Development Programme (MSME): Micro and small businesses are privately owned enterprises that can employ a small number of people with a fixed income of no more than a certain amount.

Miscellaneous Provision: This is a part of any agreement or contract that deals with the various situations that may arise and how they will be handled during the course of the agreement/contract.

Mitigating Measures: This is a set of measures that are implemented in response to a disaster in order to mitigate its effects.

NABCo (Nation Builders Corps): This is a new initiative launched by the Government of Ghana to provide employment opportunities for young graduates in the private or government sector and to help them develop their skills.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

This is why it is so important to have a clear understanding of life's difficulties, and this helps them to acquire experiences that will contribute to the economic development of the State.

National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI): The National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI) is a non-profit public body under the Ministry of Industry and Technology, which is mandated by law to oversee the development of Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs).

Non-Oil Real GDP: This is the total value of the country's gross domestic product excluding oil revenues, based on gross domestic product.

Non-Tax Revenue: These are government revenues that are not subject to taxation, such as licensing fees and fees for other purposes such as taxes and fees.

Outstanding Obligations: The Outstanding Obligations of the Government are the amounts payable by the Ministry of Finance to the Government Services and the outstanding liabilities as of 2016 which are required by law to be paid by the Government in the Consolidated Statutes.

Primary balance: This is the amount of money that is left over after the government has taken all the money it is entitled to, excluding interest on loans. The method of calculating this is expressed as a percentage of the total value of the public goods.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Public Financial Management Reforms Project (PFMRD): The objective of the Public Financial Management Reforms Project (PFMRD) is to improve financial planning, improve financial governance, and ensure timely and efficient reporting of the Government's expenditures. The PFMRD, through its strategic planning and the training of a specific financial officer, helps to improve financial governance, ensures cost-effective spending, and, ultimately, improves the efficiency of public administration.

Projected Growth Rate: This is the expected growth rate of Ghana's economy in a given year.

Financial Aid for Private Businesses

(PFI): Private Finance Initiative.-

Government Revenue: This is the total revenue the Government receives from its domestic and foreign operations.

Rearing For Jobs (RFJ): This is a new initiative of the Government of Ghana to promote and finance the rearing industry in order to increase the availability of rearing meat to the public and to significantly reduce the amount of rearing meat imported into the country, thereby increasing the number of jobs available to the public and improving the standard of living of all those involved in the rearing industry.

Social Benefits: This is the amount paid by the Government on behalf of the people to the water, gas and electricity companies for the benefit of Ghanaians.

Subsidy: This is a form of financial assistance given by the Government to citizens to relieve them of some burden and provide them with a sense of security.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Budget

Asantitire: We will complete a project to consolidate and consolidate the remaining resources and thus stimulate the national economy

Surveillance: This is the process of visually tracking and monitoring an event.

Transparency: This means that the Government will provide the public with real-time visibility and information.

Teaching and Learning Materials -TLM (Teaching And Learning Materials): These are materials, whether living or non-living, as well as human or other creatures, that are used by the teacher in teaching and learning to help complete the purpose of teaching and learning.

Use of Goods and Services: This is the amount paid by a Government for its role and services to the public.

Value Added Tax (VAT): This is a type of tax levied on a variety of goods at a given point in time.

Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Budget

No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance.