Let's not say, let's not say

Do not be afraid to ask for help

And when he had heard of it, he said to the serpent, "Give me something", and he gave it to him, and he ate. And he took it, and gave it to the serpent, and he ate. And he took it, and he ate, and he ate. And he gave it to the serpent, and he ate, and he ate. And he ate, and he ate, and he ate. And he ate, and he ate, and he ate. And he ate, and he ate, and he ate. And he ate, and he ate, and he ate. And the serpent said, "Give me something", and he ate, and he ate. And he saw a man come, and took his sword, and gave it to him, and gave it to him; and he stood up, and gave it to him; and he gave it to a young woman, and spat upon her, and anointed her with oil; and Kwaku Ananse gave it to him, and he gave it to him, and he gave it to his children. And the serpent said unto him, Take this fish, and eat it; and the serpent took it, and cursed it. And when he had finished his drink, the serpent said unto him,

"Give me something for myself". And we said, "We have nothing to eat, and this river lies by the side of it, and we will fight to get it, and we will drink it, and we will take it". And the elephant said, "I have nothing to drink". And the animal said, "I have nothing to drink". And the elephant said, "I have nothing to drink". And the elephant said, "I have nothing to drink". And the elephant said, "I have nothing to drink". And the elephant said, "I have nothing to drink". And the elephant said, "I have nothing to drink". And the elephant said, "I have nothing to drink". And the elephant said, "I have nothing to drink". And the old woman said, "I have nothing to drink".

And I say unto you, Take ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this.