We did not say, we did not say

ANANSE SEE OKO PE KWASEA, NANSO he is ARA NA OYEE KWASEA

And the king said, Let us fight together. And the king said, Let us fight together. And the king said, Let us hearken. And the king said to the king, Only what thou hast hidden from the king is that which thou hast hidden from the king. And the king said, Take the gold, and eat it, and eat it. And the king said, Stop, and I will take the gold. And the king said, Take the gold, and eat it. The king said to Ananse, "Give me a sword so that I may not cut, and take the time to do it". The king said, "You call me a fool? cut me, and take the time to do it". The king said, "Give me a sword, and I will take the time to do it". The king said, "Stop, and I will take the time to do it". The king said, "Stop, and I will take the time to do it". Ananse said, "Kwasea, you say you are wise, and you'll kill him". When Ananse finished kissing him, Ananse said, "Let me take a bath, I'll just drink the water' and take his time". Ananse said, "No, but I'd'de'ko, and you'd take his time". Ye'ko came to drink the water'; Ananse said, "Father Ananse gave a beast a drink of water' and let me know' me to take the water five times', and if the beast touched me, you'll take his death". Ananse said, "You fool! Ananse said, "You are a fool, take these four, and I will take these eight". Ananse said, "You are a fool, take these four, and I will take these eight". Ananse said, "You are a fool, take these four, and I will take these eight". Ananse said, "You are a fool, take these four, and I will take these eight". And he said, Take, and lend me my sixteenth part. And he said, Thou hast reckoned me a fool; take eight, and lend me sixteenth part. And he knew it, and he took hold of him, and said, Take, I pray thee, the dead body, and if thou hast any fruit in thy neck, take, I pray thee, the dead body, and give it to me. And he said, No; take, I pray thee, the dead body, and give it to me. And he said, Take, I pray thee, the dead body, and give it to me. And he said, Take, I pray thee, the dead body, and give it to me. And he said, Take, I pray thee, the dead body, and give it to me. And he said, Take, I pray thee, the dead body, and give it to me. And he took hold of the dead body, and gave it to him. And he said, Take, I pray thee, the dead body, and give it to me. And he said to them, "Where are you going?" And they said to him, "We are going". And he said to them, "We are going". And they said, "We are going". And he said to them, "We are going". And they said, "We are going". And he said to them, "We are going".

And I say unto you, Take this, and give more than this.