Let's not say, let's not say

HOW ANANCE became "needy"

KWAKU ANANSE said to Nyankonpon, "Give me some corn, so that I may go through the city and eat you". Nyankonpon said, "You don't wake me". Ananse said, "If you're my friend, I'll kill you". Nyankonpon said, "Give me something to eat". Ananse said, "Give me something to eat". Ananse said, "Odekuro, Nyankonpon aburo and the cockroaches have come out". Odekuro said, "This is my creed, do not believe in it, and take the fight". Ananse took a big fight and put him in a big city. When he got there, he took the fight and said, "You sent me here, and I'll sit here, and the fight that taught me, take the sheep and sleep". Odekuro said, "Pick him up". Odin said, "I don't care, so take the lamb". Odin made the lamb". Odin came to the village. Odin built Odin's house. Odin said, "Amanee?" Odin said, "Odin sent me and the lamb that you taught me, this is my cow. Odin said, Ho! give him his sheep. Odin said, D, no, Odin is the only sheep; this is my cow. Odin said, Take the lamb. Odin made the lamb. Odin said, Wake up, Odin made the lamb with his blood. Odin said, Odin, listen to me. Odin made me think about this. Odin said, Odin made me think about this. Odin made me think about this. Odin said, Odin made me think about this. Odin made me think about this. Odin said, Wake up, Odin made the lamb. Odin said, Wake up, Odin made the lamb with his blood. Odin said, Wake up, Odin said, Odin made me think about this. And he said to them, "Go to your father's house, and tell him what you have done to him". And they said to him, "Go to your father's house, and tell him what you have done to him". Odekuro said, You alone do not kill him, I do not have a box. Ananse said, I believe my pe, and Nyankonpon said that if I get a body that we fight to kill it, I will not finish my change. The crooked man said, No. Ananse said, Give it to me, and if you fight to the end, you will have two waters, and you will kill the crooked man. The crooked man said, Daye. And we saved him. Ananse gave him up, went to the city. Then we heard the first thing. We heard the first thing. We heard the first thing. We heard the first thing. We heard the first thing. We heard the first thing. We heard the first thing. We heard the first thing. We heard the first thing. We heard the first thing. We heard the first thing. We heard the first thing. And when he had come to the gate of the city, he heard a voice from the gate, saying, Open, open, for I will fight with wheat. Open, open, for I will fight with wheat, and I will save the sheep.

I saved the sheep, I saved the goats, I saved the goats, I saved the goats from the city.

"Listen to what the snake sings, " they said. The snake said to them again,

Open ye, open ye, for I will smite thee with a rod of iron.

Open the gates! Open the gates! I will fight my sheep, I will fight my sheep, I will fight my oxen, I will fight my oxen, I will fight my oxen.

Ananse came before Nyankonpon', and Nyankonpon asked Ananse her mother. Ananse said, "I believe that I will bring it to the city; the city stands on it". Nyankonpon said, "You do not accept it". "E! e! e!" Nyankonpon said, "What shall I thank you for?" Ananse said, "I have nothing, and 'padeem' is my pe". Nyankonpon said, "O! o! your servant is poor, and you will die, and your life will bring forth much light, and you will say something". Ene Ananse said, "You have never really been poor".

And I say unto you, Take what is good, and take what is bad, and leave not that which is bad.