Let's not say, let's not say

A Child's Way of Life

AKOKAA Kwasi Gyinamoa is the father of eight siblings, one of whom is unmarried, and we'siim' se ye'ko babi akope husband. Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "I'll fight you". Ye'see, "Ye'ne thy'nko. " Opan'in who'im' se, "Your children are not fight, and if we'd reached 'm' way and if you're talking yen, he's gone for yen. " Ye'siim' se Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa koreye. We'ko reached a river, and efa e'sen hyire; efa e'sen; and efa e'sen heaven'sen will come. Ye'see, "E! will it be hard for us to cross this river?" Akokoa Gamoa gave him a bottle of water, and we're going straight to the city; we're going to the village; we're going to a village. Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Kuro quiet, people do not know?" Then a dove said, "'Nipa your 'house, and you alone.' Ye'bekoro, an old woman has her head on her feet, and o'fwefwem' 'end. Ohunuo Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, to raise her head, to put it on her husband; said, "My grandparents, did no one come here and you came here?" Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "I have eight brothers, and we've got no children, and we're going to get married". Grandmother Old woman said, "O! good day, my children are also eight. " Grandmother sent the old grandmother to her aunt and uncle. Ye'baye, you said, "this is my husband", you said, "this is my husband". Ye'married, and an old woman took the drug we take "dokumi", to protect her children. And you fought with him. And Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa fought with the old woman. An old woman said, "Aden?" Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Say me your hometown' if, send me a greeting this day that I haven't been, for this one has come by bayere kantira to touch my leg', and he has come with a sword to bathe my mouth. " Nana Akokoa simim' koo asuomom', and Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa went with a sword to bathe him out of an old woman's sword to bathe', to get to know the brothers. An old woman came from the waters; she said, "If I heal the water, it won't heal". Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Koha take a sudetee, and old green green' and take a sa". An old woman said, "Yes, water is full of it'; well. She took the sword and gave it to Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, and he gave it to her son. Then, he put it on and fell asleep. Grandma greeted him; he said, "Oh, me!" He beat his teeth, and went into the room; he touched the bedside's door, and he bent his arms, and he touched the bedside's door, and he killed the eighth day. He didn't know that he had killed his own children. Grandma greeted him and Grandma greeted him. Grandma greeted him and said, "Nana, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, Me and my brothers are the same". Grandma said, "Nothing, believe me knows about you". She said, and Grandma turned her into a girl, and she went to the village of Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa. She said, "The man who will come to the village of Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa to kill him, and I will marry him". People who come to the village of Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa's sister. She said, "I'm marrying you". Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "I believe in you. I'm not marrying you". She took him and married him. The young man said, "Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa e, you have two eyes and I'm going to cut off the e'koro". Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa said, "Take one and believe knows you". At daybreak, we're saying, "Akokoa, take one and see". He said, "Me'nko." Ye'kaye, kaye, and he's standing up. And Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa knew that Nana's grandmother took one, so he took the e'karoa and put it on his shoulder, and put it on his shoulder, and put it on Nana's shoulder. Grandmother said, "Aden?" She said, "My husband and I have a son, he came to the sea, he has bowed down so that his eyes have been opened". Grandmother said, "Well, Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa's eye, you take this left eye, you take this right eye. You take this one, you say, 'my eye is sore, my eye is sore'. " Grandmother said, "My grandmother, my eye will be opened and I will take this one". Grandmother said, "My grandmother knows something about you". Grandmother said, "My grandmother came to the house, and she looked straight at me". Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa said, "I don't want to get married". Ye'sa said, "Are you in a hurry?" Ye'sa said, and he was angry, and he got married. He poured water and drank it, Grandma gave it to him to drink! He said, "Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa I have found you", and he took it back to his hometown. And Grandma took it back, and he took it back to his hometown. He said, "My fight is over, my fight is over, and I'll kill Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa". Old Grandma's grandmother said, "'What's up with you'?" She said, "Atadwe". She said, "Give me a drink". She said, "Open me". She said, "Your beetle". She said, "No, my beetle". She opened it and left the beetle; Old Grandma also gave birth to a beetle. Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa took a beetle and attacked Old Grandma, killing her. She took Old Grandma's grandfather's book, and borrowed it. Old Grandma's granddaughter said, "How did you get away with this?" She said, "Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa and I killed him; I set him on fire".

"Akokoa, you killed Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, No, you will take it".

And when he had finished preparing the meal; we were done eating. The old grandmother said, "Your grandfather's hair is made of goats". The old grandmother said, "Are you stronger?" She said, "I say these goats are not salty". The old grandmother said, "Bring some". And she took some. When we had finished eating, the old grandmother said, "Then kill my grandfather, my grandfather. The soldier said, "You know that Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa has killed my eight brothers, so why are you telling me?" The old grandmother said, "Shut up". Then the soldier was near the house. The old grandmother said, "Give me a piece of manure". And Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa took a piece of manure. I am with him, Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa, I will kill your grandfather again, this time I will not take your money. Grandmother said, My father said to you: Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa, we thank you, believe you once more, I will be with your mother once more. And we both ran away, kiri! kiri! kiri! Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa came to his village, and gave the money to his family, and stood on the road and fought against Grandmother, and Grandmother fought so hard for it.

And I say unto you, Take ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this.