We did not say, we did not say

SEDIE NKONKONSA BAA MAM What is the meaning of life?

When he saw a cloud, he went into the wilderness; and he lifted up his hands, and stood before it. And when he saw the cloud, he laughed, and said, My father will bless me. And when he laughed, he said, My children, I will bless you, and when you have found me, you will love me. And when he laughed, he said, I will not love you. And when he laughed, he said, I will love you. And he stood up, and fought against the city. And he said to his father, "Father, give me your money". And he said, "I will give it to you". And he took the money from the treasury of the house, and poured it out, and poured it on the house, and took a golden spoon, and poured it on the treasury of the house. And he said, "My mother-in-law is dead". And he was the same. One day, he said, "Ago!" Obofuo said, "Ame!" Man came and said, "Father Obofuo I have bought". He said, "O brother!" He said, "Here is a handful of water to give to you". Father Obofuo said, "My son, and a man said to me, 'I am not born, let Osobo give me water, let Kusie give me water.' 'Nepha took his hand, kissed him, and prayed to God to take hold of him and said, "Take the gold that is left, and let Kusie give it to Obofuo". God said, "Are you sure?" He said, "Nana tor". And when he had come to the gate of the city, he said to them, "I have come to meet you". But they said to him, "No, I have come to meet you". And he said, "O my lord, if it be your will, bind me with chains, and I will be alone". The king's anger was kindled, and he gave him rest, and he was well received, and he departed. He said, "Take, my friend, this tenth part, and take it, and you alone, and stand against it.' And he said, 'If I kill you, I will kill the king' and I will kill him, and I will marry him; but if I tell you, you will see that the people do not stand against it, and you will say, 'I am your medicine,' and if you fight against it, it will be healed. " The angry man said, "I am sorry. " The angry man stood at the table with Ko'ntire, and Akwam, and Adonten, and Gyase, and Kiddom. And the captain of the guard came to him, and said, I am a prisoner, and thou shalt not give me thy charge. And the other servant came to him, and said, Give me thy charge. And the captain of the guard was angry. "If you bite my son, and he does not die, I will cut your head off". "I have heard it", said the snake. The snake said, "If you have anything to eat, I will cut it off". He said, "Is it true?" He said, "It is the blood of the snake, and we will laugh". He said, "Where can we find the blood of the snake?" A wise snake said, "Who are you, the slave who said to God that he would come and steal the gold?" He said, "Your help, God's help". The snake took the slave's head off. The snake said, "Put your hands on him and let him drink your blood". And he said unto them, Behold, I am the LORD your God, and the LORD your God, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers.

And I say unto you, Take this, and give more than this.