Let's not say, let's not say

HOW ANANSE acquired the prize

YE'SE Kwaku Ananse and her' Aso and we're well. One day y'ako'omom' came; soon came a wolf. Ananse asked the wolf. He said, "I am something that you understand but not the wolf. " Ananse said, "Aso, osempa. " Ear put his hand on his head, crying. come out! come out! Ananse let him go. The next morning, Ananse laughed and said to the wolf, Okra, Okraman, Akoko and the wolf, "This is my desire, so I will laugh at you, you will not fight at my mother-in-law's funeral. " The wolf agreed. Ananse came and said, "We will not fight at my mother-in-law's funeral". Ananse came to his hometown' out of town; the gun went off; pom! pom! Ye' de the game fought 'one house and sat down at a funeral. He fought for 'the anger. He finished, fought, fought, fought' six peredwan, a toy, two clothes, a bom, a bicycle tie, a sheep and a hand. Dee Ananse hid his life. He died quietly, we've killed Ananse two and a half times. In the morning, people did not eat, and we've caught Ananse to eat. He said, "I, Kwaku, my life is over; I've never eaten. My children, don't give anything to my friends who are not with me". Ananse, if thou art ill, thou hast eaten only four days, and if thou hast recovered thyself, thou hast not recovered. 'A house is cut down', and a tree is planted 'on the fire. Ananse, if thou art dead, thou art dead, and thou hast reaped, and thou hast reaped, and thou hast reaped, and thou hast reaped again. Then Aso is dead. He said, 'Aso, I remembered that thou didst celebrate the feast of the city, which thou didst celebrate before thy father, and I did this.' Aso said, 'Oh, it was good that thou didst remember me; so thou didst rejoice, and thou didst not rejoice; and I smiled to thee the next day.' Ananse, 'Thou didst not know that thou didst rejoice.' Aso said, 'Thou didst not know that thou didst rejoice.' Ananse saw yen immediately and said: 'Bring me a drink'

"Say, 'Father's house' is good for you.

Saworowa, We're going to have a good morning.

Saworowa, E! we are not alone, we are not alone.

It's a dance".

And he said unto them, Ye shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil: but ye shall eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and ye shall eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and ye shall eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and ye shall eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and ye shall eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and ye shall eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and ye shall eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and of the knowledge of good and of the knowledge of good and of the knowledge of good and of the knowledge of good.

Let us go to the city of our fathers, and let us go to the city of our fathers, and let us go to the city of our fathers, and let us go to the city of our fathers, and let us go to the city of our fathers, and let us go to the city of our fathers, and let us go to the city of our fathers, and let us go to the city of our fathers, and let us go to the city of our fathers, and let us go to the city of our fathers, and let us go to the city of our fathers.

Saworowa, E! we are not alone, we are not alone.

It's a dance".

And the king said to his servants, "Behold, I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you, and I have come to you".

Accept my counsel, whether it be right or wrong.