Let's not say, let's not say

FAMILY 'FAMILY', and cities are TENTENTS

People say, "My friend". People say, "My friend". People say, "My friend". People say, "My friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". People say, "Your friend". Odomankoma, have you ever seen a man who has a bad temper?" Some people said, "If you don't answer me, I'll come and kiss you". Nwiadowa said, "You're going to make me drink some water with your tongue, and I'm not going to bite you". Some people said, "You're going to make me a fool; we're sitting here 'manm' and we're going to drink some water with your tongue?" Some people went out and fought with the tongue, and they attacked Nwiadowa. When he did, Nwiadowa was sitting at a table, and he sent Coco back to pick up the people. The two men fought. Nwiadowa replaced him; Nwiadowa accepted him. And Nwiadowa answered him; Nwiadowa answered him. And he said unto them, Behold, I am the LORD your God, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers.