Let's not say, let's not say

Learn How to Fight the 'Padeem'

And he said unto them, Ye shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of the knowledge of evil, nor of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, nor of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And he said to the beast, Give me a drink, until I come to Enoch. And he came to Enoch, and behold, the waters of Enoch were full.

"Woe to you, O death! O death!

Death, death, death, is this!"

And Kwakuo answered and said:

"Kill him!"

And the Lamb said:

"It is I!"

Kwaku Ananse suye. People do not say, "Woe to you; 'a man's weight is three pounds.' " Finally, Nyankonpon built 'a good house for him to live in.' The next day Nyankonpon cooked a good meal for Ananse. Kwaku Ananse saw the food, and said, "My son Berekuo, my son Kwakuo, my son Odi, and I have eaten the day before my arrest". And Ananse said, he did not give his family's anger. And when we heard it, Nyankonpon said, "We're going to eat sleep". And Odi said, "Okom e'me, me'n'ko". Kwaku was 'Berekuo'ra sa. Then Nyankonpon sat down at the table, and took Ananse's hand, and said, "I'm going to eat the day after tomorrow, and I'm going to sit on his throne". Ananse said, "I am sick". Adebekye Nyankonpon said caught Ananse and said, "You have put me to shame". And 'Berekuo, and Kwakuo, and Omen said, "We're going to give your son to you, so that we're your e'pae family". And Kwakuo and 'Berekuo went into the wilderness', and Omen stayed 'home; and Ananse huriye went to the lake padeem', and was disgraced.

And I say unto you, Take this, and give more than this.