The Joy of Speaking the Good News of Life

And when he heard it, he said, "Behold, we have come under the earth, and we have come to take hold of thee, and we will see thee". And when he saw it, he said, "Behold, we have come under the earth, and we will see thee". And when he saw it, he said, "Behold, we have come under the earth, and we will see thee". And when he saw it, he said, "Behold, we have come under the earth". And when he saw it, he said, "Behold, we have come under the earth", and he said, "Behold, we have come under the earth". And when he heard it, he said, "Behold, we have come under the earth", and he said, "Behold, we have come under the earth". And when he heard it, he said, "Behold, we have come under the earth", and he said, "Behold, we have come under the earth". And when he heard it, he said, "Behold, we have come under the earth". And he said unto them, Ye shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil: but ye shall eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and ye shall eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and ye shall eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and ye shall eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.

For if we do not fall, we will fall, and the wind will blow us away.

And now, my lord, do not be afraid, for I am the LORD your God, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers.