Let's not say, let's not say

KOKOSAKYI (OPETE) KASA KYERE 'BONEKYEREFO A, OTE is also ABUOM'

'BONEKYEREFO gave birth to it, and we've told her that her old lady is dead. 'BONEKYEREFO cried, cried, cried, and stood up' and laughed 'Cock, Cock, Lamb, Soul and Dog said let's fight the fire. The beast did not stop.' and she's with him. 'BONEKYEREFO weighed, and our old lady's funeral is over, she's ready to get married. 'BONEKYEREFO said, "Marry us and we'll get married". 'BONEKYEREFO said, "I, my old lady', I'm forty days young, I'm not married". 'The bride, I know her; lay down the corpse of the honeycomb, and she laughed.' In the evening the rooster went and sat down on a high tree, at your pillow, and said, 'Bloom, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb, and the honeycomb.' He said to his companions, "Let us eat, and we will eat, and we will drink, and we will drink". The animals said, "Yes". He said, "Believe me". He said, "Let us drink, and we will drink". He said, "Let us eat, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink, and we will drink". For it has been said, "He who marries a virgin shall not marry her husband".

And I say unto you, Take this, and give more than this.