Let's not say, let's not say

SE AWAY ATURKEY WAR WURAM' I have brought war to 'home'

And he said to them, "Go to your father's house, and tell him that I have come to you, and that I have come to you, and that I have come to you, and that I have come to you, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me, and that you have come to me". And Akoko said to Aturukuku, "Have you had enough to eat?" He said, "Tell me to take some corn; and tell my six sons to run away with me, and tell me to take my husband with me, and he will be angry and say, 'Stop, pom!' And he said to them, "If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, you will not listen to me. If you do not listen to me, you will not listen to me. If you do not listen to me, you will not listen to me. If you do not listen to me, you will not listen to me. If you do not listen to me, you will not listen to me. If you do not listen to me, you will not listen to me. If you do not listen to me, you will not listen to me. If you do not listen to me, you will not listen to me. That's why I said good morning to you. " Akoko said, "You heard good morning, so on Saturday Dad, take your children and your husband, and let's stay at home. " Aturukuku said, "I heard, my fight, and on Saturday Dad came. " And a boy came to Akoko town, saying that he was going to make an egg. We asked him, "Nana, Aden?" He said, "Dente said, for two years you have given the boy's gift, so you only say that the king should take four cocks and twelve eggs". This is the king who took four cocks, took twelve eggs and foamed, and he took hold of the Dente's cup and took four cocks and put them on it, and he put his feathers and his head and his feet on the cup, and he put them on his thigh.

"I miss my brother!

Oh, my gosh!

Is thy war 'burning' thee? is thy war 'burning' thee?

"Where are your feet?

Have your wars 'taken away your time'?

Your arms 'have burned you seven times.' "

And the serpent said, My sleep is no more loneliness, and the serpent is no more. Therefore the serpent said, Serem, and the serpent said, House.

Accept my counsel, whether it be right or wrong.