Let's not say, let's not say

SEDIE EYOYE WE ARE NSEMMONE ESUM' SO SEDIE EYOYE A NKODA GORO BA OSRAMSO SEDIE EYOYE WE ARE ASHEMONE ESUM' SO SEDIE EYOYE A NKODA GORO BA OSRAMSO SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE WE ARE ASHEMONE ESUM' SO SEDIE EYOYE A NKODA GORO BA OSRAMSO SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDIE EYOYE A SEDY EYOYE A SEDY

And God gave birth to three sons, Darkness, Moon, and Sun. And his three sons grew up, and God gave him strength. One tied his loins; the other tied his shoulders; the other tied his shoulders. And it was well with him, and his father was in the sun. And when God gave him strength, he took hold of the throne and said, "Who knows me?" And Ananse said, "I know". And when he said, "I know my mother", God gave strength to the throne. And Ananse gave strength to the throne, and called it God's throne. Ananse said to himself, "I don't know its trim's sound, and don't touch me if you don't know it". And he plucked a few feathers of birds, and laid down his head, and flew as far as the village of Nyankonpon. And Nyankonpon saw the bird standing and said, "Yes, yes, yes". And Nyankonpon came from the village to the village and said, "If you had known the name of this bird, I would have said, O my mother, I would have said that I am a king, and tell me who knows the sound of my trim's sound, and Ananse said, "No", and gave me the tree of life, and brought it to the village of 'kintyi'kink, and he would have known the name of it, and gave it to me. So if you would take my children, and if you would be born, you would know the name of this bird. " And the camel flew and fled, and took off its feathers, and ran, and came to Esum and said, "Your father says, 'I am your son.' " And Esum said, "Well, I will fight with you". And Ananse said, "I will fight against Esum and the sun". And Esum said, "Give me something to eat". And Ananse said, "Ho!" And Esum took some corn and gave it to Esum. And after he had taken the corn, he knew the city of Esum. And when he came to the city of Serenus, he said, Thy father says, I am with thee. And Serenus said, Well, my son. And Anise said, I am with the city of the sun, go and take it. And Anise said, Give me something to eat. And Anise said, Ho! And he said to them, "I am the LORD your God, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers". And Ananse said, "Let us fight on the tree". And we fought him, and Ananse said to the Sun, "Your father's uncle, who was with you, said to you, 'I will give you the tree to eat,' and he said, 'If you see the price, he will give you the tree to eat.' And he said, 'Beware.' And if you said, 'From now on, I will give you a penny, and I will give you a penny more, and if you say, 'Beware of the penny and the penny,' then say to the Sun,

'Shut up!

Get the hell out of here!'

And the stork shall say,

'Blow the horn!

I'm going to kill you!'"

And when we came to the city of Osrane, we took it, and when we came to Darkness, we took it; and we stood by the way, and went up the wall. And when we came to the battle, Ananse saw a man, and sent to him, saying, Take hold of the city of Osrane; and Ananse said to him, Come. And he said unto them, Ye shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which is in the midst of the field; and ye shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which is in the midst of the field; and ye shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which is in the midst of the field; and ye shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which is in the midst of the field; and ye shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which is in the midst of the field; and ye shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which is in the midst of the field; and ye shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which is in the midst of the field; and ye shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and of the knowledge of good. Then he said, "My 'second son is Osrane, so don't call him". Then Osrane said, "Well, thank you". Then he said, "Ye e e!" Then Nyankonpon said, "My 'second son is Sun, so don't call him". Then he spoke and didn't hear, and the game went on:

"Blow the horn!

And he said to her, "Be strong and courageous.

And he said, Behold, I have walked with my father, and he hath called me by my name, and he hath cursed me, and he hath said, I have cursed thee. And the lad denied him the third time, saying, Yes, yes, yes. And his father refused him, saying, Yes, yes, yes. And if thou hear my words, thou shalt not reprove; thou shalt not take counsel, for thou art a king; and if any man take counsel, he shall not prevail against thee; for it is good for thee to do good, and if we eat in the night, we shall not drink. For thy way, which I have commanded thee, is this: Go in the way of the sun, and thou shalt not go in the way of the sun, and thou shalt not go in the way of the sun; and if it rain in the morning, thou shalt not open the door; and if thy children that are under thee say to the mountains, Give us water, we shall not go in the way of the sun.

Believe me whether I am right or wrong.