Do not say, 'Yes,' or, 'No,'

SAY 'YOU are the only one who will be saved'

And he said to them, "Go to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God, to the house of the LORD your God". And when he had finished, he asked the copper, "Does your copper do well?" The copper said, "My copper does well". Ananse took the copper into the house, and made a pate. Then Ananse went to the field, and brought food. And when he had finished cooking, Ananse said to Ananse, "Oh! your mother was poor, and I was old, and my life was full of strength, and your days were full of want, and you gave me rest". And when the pate had eaten, Ananse turned and took hold of the copper, and gave birth to it. And he said, "Aowa. " He said, "My voice is 'fefefe.' He said, "Your voice is better than yours?" He said, "I am more humble". Ananse said, "Give me milk". And he was wise. And he said, Let the honeycomb come forth, and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and he said, Let the honeycomb come forth; and the honeycomb came forth. Then Ntikuma asked the copper, "Do you have enough?" Ayowa said, "I have enough yoko and pentowa". Ntikuma said to Afudotwedotwe, "Bring me some brew". So ode baye, took the yoko and touched it and touched it on the bench. So the tree fell to the ground. I'm not going to take my clothes off, I'm not going to take my clothes off, I'm not going to take my clothes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes off, I'm going to take my shoes, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, and I'm going to, and I'm going to, I'm going to, and I' Father Ananse said, "Pui! pui!" and a bird came and caught Ananse, "Say, Adwobere. " And Ananse said, "Adwobere. " And the hunting ceased. And Ananse took this hunting and brought it to the house. And he fought with it. And when he had eaten, he said to Ananse, "Ananse eat". And he said to them, "Give me a little more milk". And they gave him a little more milk, and he gave it to them. And they gave him a little milk, and he gave it to them. And they gave him a little milk, and he gave it to them. And they gave him a little milk, and he gave it to them. And they gave him a little milk, and he gave it to them. And they gave him a little milk, and he gave it to them. And they gave him a little milk, and he gave it to them. And they gave it to him, and he gave it to them, and he gave it to them. And they gave it to him, and he gave it to them, and he gave it to them, and he gave it to them, and they gave it to him, and he gave it to them, and he gave it to them, and they gave it to them, and he gave it to them. And they gave it to him, and he gave it to them, and he gave it to them, and he gave it to them, and they gave it to them. Now I am going to give you a commandment that is good for you and a commandment that is bad for you. Take it or leave it.