Let's not say, let's not say

Find the Right Way to Become "Nations"

NATIKUMA, there was a man who came to buy food, and he got up and said, "Daddy Ananse". He got up and went to a town; he ran into Grandma Ananse. The old woman grabbed him and said, "My grandfather, there's no one here, why are you here?" NATIKUMA said, "No, no, I'm going to get something to eat". Grandma Ananse said, "Kill my garden, and the woman who says, 'Kill me, kill me,' don't kill her, and the woman who says, 'Don't kill me, kill me,' don't kill her". NATIKUMA said, "Kill me, kill me"; one of the women said, "Kill me, kill me". Then NATIKUMA said, "Kill me, kill me". NATIKUMA said, "Kill me, kill me". And old Nana said, "Take the good food and put it in a basket and put it on the fire". And old Nana said, "Take the good food and put it in a basket and put it on the fire". And old Nana said, "I'm done, and let me eat". And old Nana said, "Take the tree and say to the tree, 'Nana says, 'Don't stop.'" And the tree said, "Say, 'Old Nana, don't stop,' and we'll kill you".

Old Grandmother said, "I believe in you, and you believe in me". The animal fell to the ground and said, "I believe in you". Old Grandmother said, "I believe in you, and I believe in you". Old Grandmother said, "I believe in you, and I believe in you". And Old Grandmother said, "I believe in you, and I believe in you". And Old Grandmother said, "I believe in you, and I believe in you, and I believe in you, and I believe in you". And Old Grandmother said, "I believe in you, and I believe in you, and I believe in you". And Old Grandmother said, "I believe in you, and I believe in you, and I believe in you". In the morning, Ananse said, "My wife is coming". And he sat down beside her, kissed her and gave her a kiss. Ntikuma said, "Make it again". Ananse said, "I will fight you". Ntikuma said, "I will not fight you". Grandmother said, Father Man, have you suffered? Grandmother said, Give me something to eat. Grandmother said, What do you believe in me? Grandmother said, I am a fool, even my son Ntikuma will die, and you will be one of them. Grandmother said, The woman who would say, Hit me, hit me, hit him, and who would say, Don't hit me, don't hit me, hit him, but don't shoot him. Grandmother said, Oh! fool, you've caught me, you say you hate me, you've never heard of me? Grandmother said, You've never seen me, you've never heard of me? Grandmother said, You've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me, you've seen me. You'll be fine; Grandma said, Take the good food and put it on the fire. Ananse said, A! you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got me, you've got you've got you've got you, you've got you've got you've got you, you've got you've got you've got you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it, you've got it. She said, Old woman, let me go to my garden.Old woman said, Come up to the tree, There is a garden on it, you alone, you say, mo animals. Ananse said, O son! I am not related to this garden, and my knee is more than my knee.Old woman said, Old woman, no matter what happens, I am not related.Ananse said, Old woman said, Your garden on which you plant trees.The animals said, Old woman said, If you don't, we will kill you.Old woman said, Your hands are not related to the animals.Ananse said, "Old man". Then she sat on the stone. The old woman said, "It's time". But the old woman didn't hear. Then the old woman changed her mind and came to the house, and the old woman withdrew for a while. But the old woman's sword hit her back, and she fled to her hometown. When she arrived in her hometown, she said, "Ntikuma, I have a sword in my hand, so don't let us fight in the wild". And we're going to fight, and we're going to fight. Ananse said, "Ntikuma ko didi y'esa." Ntikuma koreye said, "Nkokotee you are clean". Nkokotee said, "Se nim Kwaku Ananse and her 'son if you are, life we will come to you". Kwaku Ananse said, "Your stones, he does not take kora, his dwaye is playing". Nkokotee said, "Aberwa Sekan 'Famfinam, twika ye' head for me". Oh! the Sekan was e' laying on, and the last one stood 'til the end. And the snow fell on the trees. Kwaku Ananse said, "Here! Ye'come back 'home. Adeekyeye Kwaku Ananse said ye'ko Nyankonpon about. Ntikuma said, "Abba Sekan yi ntira' nnko. " Ananse said, "Follow it 'ho'ra!" Ntikuma said, "Kor'e. " Ananse siim'ko Nyankonpon about, who caught him and said, "Nana, if anyone touches you, I'm the only one, Kwaku Ananse, I'm going to cut our tree's head and give it to you". Nyankonpon said, "We're going to thank you and we're going to drink', and a kesie is standing outside the town, and he's gone!" Ananse said, "Your hand is a fugitive". Why are we here? do you say this?" Nyankonpon 'dom stands behind Ananse. And Kwaku Ananse has caught old Sekan 'Famuntam and said, "Cut the 'dom' head for me. " Na Sekan has cut ye'ti tan! tan! is over. Ananse said, "All right and stop. " And Sekan has touched Nyankonpon 'dom drink' and it's over. Ananse said, "E! Nyankonpon 'dom is and stop", and it's over. Ananse said, "You're angry with him". O! Nyankonpon 'dom has stopped him! Then Sekan's flesh is gone'; e'ba Kwaku Ananse's about. He said, "Few o' you don't hate me? And he said unto them, Behold, I am the Lord your God, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers.

And I say unto you, Take ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this, and give ye this.