Let's not say, let's not say

MPAN'INFUO SAY, "Se your brother, your 'MUNU O, all the world is his slave, and if he smiles at you, help him"

ANANSE said to Asos, "Let us fight in the field". Asos said, "I will not fight". Asos fought. Obaye, who caught him, said, "Are you sure?" Asos said, "Oba is awake". Asos said, "Tomorrow we will fight in the field". Asos said, "Oba is awake, and I alone will not light the fire? And he said unto him, O man of the field, eat and drink, and when shall we fight? And he said, O man of the field, hear me. And he said, O man of God, hear me. And he said, I am come to fight. And he fought, and fought, and stood by him, and said, I, O man of the field, will I sit by thee, that thou mayest destroy my foolishness? And he took his sword, and smote it, and made a hole in it. And he took five stones, and came into the garden, and ate it. And he said, O man of God, give me my pain. And he said, Hear, hear! A man of the people asked me about my head; he said, "I shall not die, so the field is not mine; you are not mine; and when I die, you will bury me there alone. I am buried in a grave of stones, and you will bury me in me. My husband's wife is sleeping in a field and she says that she has eaten some vegetables. It was raining and she hit the tree and said, Kuku Ananse Saman, you have eaten some vegetables because you left me, and she said that she has eaten it. Kwaku Ananse has said so:

Stop it! I have not heard!

Let it alone, for it is very late.

Let it alone! I have not heard.

Cease, I beseech thee, my soul is consumed; cease, I beseech thee, my soul is consumed.

Let it alone, for the owl hates the tree.

Do not let me eat your food!"

Then Aso stood by, and was afraid. He called 'the house free Adanko to ommera let us listen to a noise from the husband's fields. Adanko went with him'. Aso reached the fields' near, and he kept on crying:

"My husband, Kwaku Ananse, died and left me a field.

Then he said, "Go down to the ground and eat".

Kwaku Ananse 'saman me kneel with me smile you, Ku yen for me".

Kwaku Ananse has said:

"Do not let me go! Do not let me go!

Cease, I beseech thee, cease, I beseech thee, I will not eat my flesh.

Cease, I beseech thee, my soul is consumed; cease, I beseech thee, my soul is consumed.

Let it alone, for the owl hates the tree.

Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be.

Do you know a woman who does not support her husband?

Let it alone; I have eaten my fill; let it alone.

And he said to them, "If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you. If you do not listen to me, I will not listen to you.

And I say unto you, Take this, and give more than this.