January 2026

The Watchtower

It Is Jehovah's Kingdom

THE YEAR message for 2026 is as follows:

"Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need". - MATT. 5:3.

This article will be available in the following languages: English, French, Spanish, French, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Portuguese, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish,

MARCH 2 to 8, 2026

Psalm 97 - What Does It Mean to You?

Life Is Based on the Bible

What is included in the study?

We will see what we need to do to continue to be guided by Jehovah and to be happy.

Continue to Receive God's Guidance

THE YEAR message for 2026 is as follows:

"Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need". - MATT. 5:3.

JEHOVAH knows that we cannot live without such things as food, clothing, and shelter, which can make life difficult or even life-threatening for us. In addition to these basic needs, we need guidance from God. (Read Matthew 5:3) To be happy, we must recognize that we need God's guidance and continue to rely on him.

2 The Greek word translated those who feel in need of divine guidance is the underlying idea of a person who is in need of someone to help him. For example, a beggar on the side of the road whose clothes are all dirty, who has no food to eat, whose strength is exhausted, who gets sick in the middle of the day, who gets sick in the cold of the night, who is isolated from others because of his condition, and who is unhappy. This beggar knows that he needs help to survive. A person who knows that he also needs divine guidance, we can relate to this beggar. He knows that he needs God's help in his life, so he also earnestly asks God for help and accepts whatever help God gives him.

3 In this article, we will first consider what we can learn from the Phoenician woman who asked Jesus for help.

1. What do humans need that Jehovah is aware of? (Matthew 5:3)

2. What illustration can be used to illustrate the need for spiritual guidance?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

The Phoenician woman humbly and persistently showed faith in Jesus (See paragraph 5)

We will also consider what we can learn from the life of the apostle Peter, the apostle Paul, and King David, all of whom were guided by God.

Learn From the Phoenician

4 A Phoenician woman whose daughter was tormented by a demon came to Jesus. (Matt. 15:21-28) She fell at Jesus' feet and begged for his help.

5 The Phoenician woman's humility was evident in that she did not take offense at Jesus' comparison to a puppy, which was a common sight in Gentile households. He said, "I came only to the lost sheep of Israel. " But he drove the demon out of her daughter.

6 If we want Jehovah to guide us, we need to imitate the Phoenician woman by humbly continuing to ask for Jehovah's help, as well as Jesus Christ and his representatives.

4. What did a Phoenician woman want Jesus to do for her?

5. What did Jesus do for the woman, and why? (See also pictures.)

6. What do we learn from the example of the Phoenician woman?

January 3, 2026

(Matt. 24:45-47) How pleased Jehovah and Jesus will be when we exercise faith in them and humbly ask for their help and guidance regularly! (Compare James 1:5-7) Let us now consider what we can learn from the life of the apostles Peter, Paul, and King David about how Jehovah guides us, how he helps us to be happy, and how we can benefit from his provisions.

IMAGINE the value of God's word

7 Consider the example of the apostle Peter, one of the first Jews to recognize Jesus as the Messiah, who recognized Jesus as Jehovah's channel for imparting life-giving words, or spiritual food. (John 6:66-68) Jesus appointed Peter to feed the sheep and the lambs. (John 21:17) Peter accepted that assignment and carried it out accurately, even being inspired to write two letters that are now part of the Bible. He acknowledged that some of Paul's writings were difficult to understand.* (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) Nevertheless, Peter did not give up; he continued to learn, trusting that Jehovah would help him to understand and apply the solid food that Jehovah had inspired Paul to write. - Read Hebrews 5:14.

7. What assignment did Jesus give Peter, and what did he have to do? (Hebrews 5:14; 6:1)

8 When Peter was in Joppa, he received a vision in which an angel of God instructed him not to eat animals that were forbidden by the Mosaic Law. Peter replied, "No, Lord. I have never eaten anything impure or unclean. " At that time the angel said to him", Do not call anything impure that God has made clean. " (Acts 10:28, 29) However, when Jehovah gave Peter new directions, Peter responded promptly. (Prov. 4:18) So he preached the good news to Cornelius and his household, and they came to believe in Jesus, received holy spirit, and were baptized. - Acts 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, we should regularly take in the simple truths of God's Word.

8. How did Peter respond to new direction from Jehovah through an angel?

9. In what two ways does diligent study of solid spiritual food benefit us?

4 The Watchtower

(Rom. 11:33; Rev. 4:11) Peter's words also teach us another lesson: When we come to a new understanding of God's Word, we should readily accept it and apply it. If we do, Jehovah will continue to guide us to serve him faithfully.

Learn from Paul's example

10 Another way that Jehovah guides us is by showing us the qualities that he wants us to cultivate, namely, by putting away the "old personality" and putting on the "new personality", as the apostle Paul said. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) Moreover, he is ignorant of the teachings of Christ, and because he is proud, his conduct is displeasing to God. - 1 Tim. 1:13.

10. According to Colossians 3:8-10, what must we do to please Jehovah?

(Acts 9:1) So after he became a Christian, he evidently worked hard to break free from his old personality traits. (Eph. 4:22, 31) On one occasion, however, a disagreement between Paul and Barnabas resulted in a heated argument. (Acts 15:37-39) Here, Paul again shaved his head, but he did not give up. 9:27, footnote.

(Phil. 4:13) Rather, like Peter, Paul relied on God-given strength. (1 Pet. 4:11) Nevertheless, there were times when Paul felt discouraged, and by meditating on the blessings his heavenly Father had bestowed upon him, he gained the strength to continue in his determination to please Jehovah. - Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Whether we have been serving Jehovah for decades or not, we need to work hard to strip off the old personality and put on the new one, which involves living in harmony with what Jehovah teaches us.

11. Explain what weaknesses Paul had to contend with.

12. What helped Paul to overcome the bad habits that plagued him?

13. How can we imitate Paul?

January 5, 2026

We must continue to study God's Word diligently, put on the new personality, and let Jehovah protect us (See paragraph 18)

(Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) As we do so, we do well to remember this: While wearing clothing that is too big or too tight may take time, we can put on the new personality only if we make changes in our lifestyle to conform to Jehovah's standards and become more pleasing to him.

Jehovah Will Protect You

14 As we have seen, not only do we need to study God's Word and clothe ourselves with the new personality but we also need God's protection.

14-15. How does Jehovah protect his people today? (Psalm 27:5) (See also opening image.)

15 King David was confident that Jehovah would protect him even in times of distress. (Read Psalm 27:5.) One way Jehovah protects us today is by protecting us from anyone or anything that might threaten our spirituality, and he assures us that no weapon formed against us will succeed, no matter how much opposition we face. (Ps. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Although Satan and his agents have the power, they cannot harm us forever, and even if we die, Jehovah will resurrect us. (Prov. 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) In addition, Jehovah provides us with many spiritual supporters, including visiting shepherds and spiritual shepherds. (Isa. 32:1, 2) At our Christian meetings, we receive specific instruction on how to benefit from Jehovah's protection. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

6 The Watchtower

(Compare Proverbs 5:1, 2.) However, Jehovah did not shield David from the consequences of his disobedience. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) At other times, David's heartfelt prayers to Jehovah protected him, for he was comforted and assured of Jehovah's loving care. - Ps. 23:1-6.

17 When we seek Jehovah's guidance in prayer before making decisions, we do well to remember, as David did, that if we disobey Jehovah and make a bad decision, we may suffer the consequences - and Jehovah will not spare us. (Gal. 6:7, 8) We can also pour out our hearts to Jehovah, confident that he will safeguard our mind and heart. - Phil. 4:6, 7.

16. In what ways did Jehovah protect David?

17. How can we imitate David?

Be Guided by God's Teachings

18 The yeartext for 2026 will be: "Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need". You can see the truthfulness of these words especially today, for many people are not satisfied with their spiritual needs, while others believe in God but are guided by false religion or human wisdom.

18. What do many today reject, and what must we do to continue receiving Jehovah's guidance? (See also pictures.)

PAGE 6: While studying The Watchtower, showing kindness to others, and listening to the encouragement of the elders, she shows that she is allowing Jehovah to guide her.

HOW would you answer?

■ How can we imitate Peter and be good students of God's Word?

■ How can we imitate Paul and put on the new personality?

■ How can we have Jehovah's protection, as David did?

Psalm 162 - What Does It Mean to You?

The Word Becomes Food

March 9 to 15, 2026

Psalm 45 - What Does It Mean to You?

The Thoughts of My Heart

What is included in the study?

What we do when we are overwhelmed by grief or anxiety.

What You Can Do When You Are Overwhelmed by Grief or Anxiety

How wretched is my life! - ROMANS 7:24.

WHAT comes to your mind when you think of the apostle Paul - a courageous missionary, an accomplished teacher, or even a prolific Bible writer?

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. According to Paul's letter to the Romans, he expressed how he at times felt, and many of us today feel the same way.

3 Paul's past failings and imperfections sometimes caused him to feel sad or discouraged,* but he did not allow such feelings to overwhelm him. In this article, we will consider the following questions: Why did Paul feel sad at times? How did Paul cope with his feelings of sadness and discouragement?

* INTRODUCTION: This article focuses on people who suffer from depression and anxiety, not on those who have a mental disorder.

1-2. How did the apostle Paul at times feel, and how can his experience help us? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What questions will we consider in this article? (See also the box "An Explanation of a Word".)

8

WHAT caused Paul to become discouraged?

4 Past mistakes: Before becoming a Christian, Paul, then known as Saul, did many things that he later regretted, including his approval of the stoning and execution of Stephen (Acts 7:58; 8:1) and his enduring hatred and persecution of Christians. - Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

For example, in 55 C.E., when he wrote his first letter to the Corinthians, he admitted: "I am not worthy to be called an apostle, for I persecuted the congregation of God". (1 Cor. 15:9) Five years later, when writing to the Ephesians, he also acknowledged that he was the least of all the holy ones. (1 Tim. 1:13) Imagine how difficult it must have been for Paul to visit a congregation where some of the brothers or their families were treated unfairly.

6 There was another factor that Paul struggled with, which he called a "thorn in the flesh". (2 Cor. 12:7) Although Paul did not specify the cause, the language he used indicates that he was suffering from a severe affliction, possibly a sickness or an anxiety disorder.*

(Read Romans 7:18, 19.) Despite his strong desire to do what was right, Paul acknowledged that at times he could not do what he wanted to do, but he did what he did not want to do. (1 Cor. 9:27) If he had struggled to break free from a bad habit, how painful it must have been for him!

How did Paul deal with his feelings of guilt?

8 Paul often reflected on how God's spirit could help him and his fellow Christians to overcome their weaknesses and imperfections, as can be seen from his letters (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) and he often spoke of wrong habits or desires that Christians need to overcome (Gal. 5:19-21, 26).

4. Why was Paul discouraged?

5. How did Paul feel about his past?

6. (a) What other problem did Paul have? (b) How did Paul deal with his problems?

(Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or it may have been that he was distracted by what some false teachers said about him. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) We do not know exactly what was troubling Paul, but we can be sure that he was distressed.

7. Why was it at times difficult for Paul to do what was right? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What do Paul's letters reveal about his struggle with weakness?

January 9, 2026

He gave it to others, who also worked with it.

9 Although Paul at times felt discouraged, there were things that made him happy, such as the encouragement he received from fellow evangelizers who told him about the good things they were doing for him. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) His joy was also based on his close association with his fellow believers. (2 Tim. 1:4) His joy was also based on his spiritual strength and his ability to serve Jehovah with a good conscience. (2 Tim. 1:3) Even while imprisoned in Rome, Paul encouraged his fellow believers to rejoice in the Lord. (2 Cor. 4:4) There is no indication that Paul was overly concerned about his problems. Clearly, when anxiety overwhelmed him, Paul quickly turned his mind to pleasures.

(Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7) Because of this, Paul was convinced that Jehovah had forgiven him on the basis of Jesus' ransom sacrifice. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Despite his past failings and imperfections, Paul was happy because he was able to render sacred service to God. - Heb. 9:12-14.

11 Like Paul, we may have struggled to please Jehovah in our thoughts, actions, and speech, but we may have strayed from our goal. Perhaps we have become discouraged and say, 'What a pity! A sister named Eliza,* in her early 20's, expresses her feelings this way: "It encourages me to think about Paul's example. It reminds me that Jehovah knows what his people are going through. Paul had a good conscience, and even when he was discouraged, he was happy.

How can we cope with anxiety?

12 Keep on doing spiritual things: Keeping on doing spiritual things brings us joy, good nutrition, proper diet, exercise, and adequate sleep, as well as spiritual activities such as regular Bible reading, careful study, and participation in the Christian ministry. Continuing to do these things will help us to keep our minds focused on positive things rather than on negative ones. - Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 Consider the case of John, who was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer when he was 19 years old.

* Some names have been changed.

9-10. When discouraged, what helped Paul to remain joyful? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also the picture.)

11. Why can Paul's example encourage us?

12. How do we benefit from maintaining spiritual activities?

13-14. How have some benefited from staying spiritually active?

10 The Watchtower

Though Paul was deeply hurt by his past sins, meditating on the ransom helped him to regain his joy

(See paragraphs 9 to 10)

13 At first, John was confused and anxious. He wondered, 'How could a boy like me, with a son who was only three years old at the time, be affected by this disease?' But in time, you realize that Jehovah is strengthening you and is helping you, and he can strengthen you just as he has strengthened me.

14 Eliza, quoted earlier, says: "What I hear and see at the meetings reminds me that Jehovah is listening and that he really cares about me.

Similarly, Nolan, a circuit overseer in Africa, explains what helps him and his wife, Diane: "When we are discouraged, we keep doing what we are doing in Jehovah's service.

15 As we have seen, when we feel sad or discouraged, we may need to keep up with our spiritual routines, such as walking or walking, but once the pain is gone, we may need to do something else.

15. What might we need to do when we are overwhelmed with grief or discouragement?

January 11, 2024

When anxiety overwhelms you, make a list of material that will help you to cope (See paragraph 17)

Similarly, if depression or anxiety is a constant part of our life, we may need to do research in the Bible and in Christian publications, and we may even need to consult with a mature Christian who can give us sound advice.

16 Ask Jehovah to help you identify the root cause of your distress or anxiety. (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You too can ask Jehovah to help you identify the root cause of your distress or anxiety and how you can deal with it.

For example, the apostle Paul was greatly benefited by meditating on the ransom and Jehovah's forgiveness, and so can you. You can learn more about God's mercy, forgiveness, and loyal love by using the Watch Tower Publications - A Guide for Researching Jehovah's Witnesses.

16. When anxiety strikes, what can help you to discern what is causing it? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

17. (a) What can help you to concentrate on things that will encourage you? (b) What can help us to concentrate on things that will encourage us?

12 The Watchtower

Make a note of any helpful information that you find in the Watch Tower Publications Index or in any other publication that is available in your language. - Phil. 4:8.

(Job 42:1-6) Diane, mentioned earlier, says: "My husband and I have been studying the book Draw Close to Jehovah. Just as a potter molds us, we appreciate that Jehovah molds us in a way that is pleasing to him. This strengthens our friendship with him. - Isa. 64:8.

18. What have some Christians learned?

Looking Forward to the Future

19 Even if we take all the steps we have discussed, we do not have to expect that any distress or anxiety that we may have will disappear completely, but since Jehovah understands the causes of anxiety, he can help us to put our minds on positive things so that we can have a clean conscience and enjoy serving him.

(Ps. 143:10) The day will come when we will wake up each morning with nothing but positive thoughts, and we will be happy to serve our loving God, Jehovah!

19. What should we not expect, but of what can we be confident?

20. What are you determined to do?

HOW would you answer?

Why did Paul at times feel sorry for himself?

Although Paul at times felt discouraged, what helped him to find joy in serving Jehovah with a clean conscience?

What can we do when we are overwhelmed by grief or anxiety?

34 Walking with Integrity

March 16 to 22, 2026

Psalm 20 - What Does It Mean to You?

You Gave Your Beloved Son

What is included in the study?

How the ransom makes it possible for us to have our sins forgiven, to have the prospect of becoming perfect, and to have a relationship with Jehovah.

14

Why We Need the Ransom

Who will rescue me from the body of this death?

IF A building collapses and one of its occupants is unable to get out, what can he do?

2 In his letter to the Romans, the apostle Paul warned that we are all enslaved to sin. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) (Rom. 6:23) So he asks: "Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?"

3 No, for after asking that question, Paul confidently added: "Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord!" (Rom. 7:25) Paul's point is that our salvation is made possible by the ransom sacrifice of Jesus.* Because of the ransom, (1) we are saved by means of Christ's ransom sacrifice.

* EXCLUSIVE DEFINITION: A ransom is a price paid to redeem someone, and Jesus' sacrificial death is a ransom in that it frees obedient humans from sin and death.

1-2. Why do we need a deliverer? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also pictures.)

3. What is made possible by the ransom?

As this building collapses and cannot be lifted up, we too seem to be under sin and imperfection and thus in need of a deliverer.

(See paragraphs 1 and 2)

This article will deepen our appreciation for Jehovah, "the God who gives hope". (Rom. 15:13) It will also deepen our appreciation for Jesus, the one through whom we have been redeemed. - Col. 1:14.

The ransom brings us eternal life

(Lev. 20:10; Num. 35:30, 31) However, some sins are minor, and all sins are serious. For example, the psalmist David said: "I will guard my steps so as not to sin with my tongue". - Ps. 39:1.

5 Whether you have said or done something that you regret, we are sure that all of us have done something similar. The Bible clearly states: "If we make the statement: 'We have no sin,' we are deceiving ourselves and the truth is not in us". - 1 John 1:8.

6 Jehovah's righteousness requires that he provide a basis for forgiveness of our sins on the basis of the ransom.* (Eph. 1:7) That does not mean, however, that he does not feel sorry for our sins, for Jehovah does not take pleasure in our wrongdoing. - Isa. 59:2.

7 Under the Mosaic Law, animal sacrifices were required to atone for sins committed by the Israelites. (Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) Such sacrifices were a foreshadowing of the greater sacrifice that Jesus would make, one that would bring great blessings to mankind.

Why do we need the ransom? (Ecclesiastes 7:20)

6-7. On what basis does Jehovah forgive our sins? (See also pictures.)

January 15, 2026

the value of Jesus' sacrificial death, for he discussed it in his letter to the Christians in Corinth. After describing their past sins, he said: "But you have been washed clean, but you have been sanctified, but you have been declared righteous in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and with the spirit of our God.

8 Before attending this year's Memorial, why not take time to meditate on how Jehovah's forgiveness has benefited you personally? For example, you may find it hard to accept that Jehovah has forgiven you because of the ransom, but you may find it hard to accept that Jehovah has forgiven you. The Bible states: "If we are walking in the light, as he [Jehovah] himself is in the light, . . . the blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin". (1 John 1:6, 7) Just as we believe other Bible teachings, we need to believe that Jehovah's forgiveness is possible on the basis of the ransom and that he is willing to forgive. - Ps. 86:5.

THE ransom gives us hope for the future

9 In the Bible, the word "sin" refers not only to wrongdoing but also to our inherited imperfection. (Read Psalm 51:5.)

8. What can you do to prepare for this year's Memorial?

9. What other meaning does the word "sin" have in the Bible? (Psalm 51:5, footnote)

Animal sacrifices in ancient Israel foreshadowed Jesus' sacrifice and the blessings it will bring (See paragraphs 6-7)

16 The Watchtower

Because of inherited imperfection, we all suffer and die, whether we are righteous or unrighteous.

10 Think of what happened to Adam and Eve after they sinned: When they broke God's law written in their hearts, their conscience tormented them deeply (Rom. 2:15) and they felt compelled to hide their nakedness and hide from their Maker. (Gen. 3:7, 8) They suffered such painful feelings of guilt, confusion, insecurity, and shame as they had never experienced in their entire lives.

11 As a result of Adam and Eve's rebellion, we still suffer and suffer because of our own imperfection, and our efforts to isolate ourselves from others are futile, for the Bible says that we are "subjected to futility". (Rom. 8:20) That statement applies to individuals and to people everywhere, including today's efforts to protect the earth, to combat crime, to reduce poverty, and to end war. All his steps are like a bucket of water; but there is hope for him that is redeemed.

12 The ransom makes it possible for us to hope that creation itself will be freed from enslavement to corruption. (Rom. 8:21) This means that in God's new world, we will be free from sickness, sleep, and anxiety, and we will have a clean conscience and security, and our efforts to care for the earth and to make it a peaceful place will be successful under the direction of Jesus Christ, the "Prince of Peace", who gave his life as a ransom sacrifice. - Isa. 9:6, 7.

13 Imagine what life will be like when sin and imperfection are no more: You will wake up each morning feeling better, not worrying about what to eat for you and your loved ones, not worrying about sickness or death. Yes, you can be confident that Jehovah will bless you, for he "rewards those earnestly seeking him". (Heb. 11:6) Your hope for the future and the comfort you derive from the ransom make it possible.

10. What happened to Adam and Eve after they sinned?

11. What has our sinful nature led to?

12. What hope does the ransom make possible?

13. What can you consider before attending this year's Memorial?

JANUARY 2026 the 17th

Only on the basis of Jesus' sacrifice can we have forgiveness of sins and a good relationship with Jehovah (See paragraph 16)

WHY THE FULL REDEMPTION We can become friends with God

14 Since Adam and Eve sinned, mankind has been alienated from God, even as the Bible explains: "All mankind has been alienated from the One who made them". (Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Because Jehovah is pure and perfect, he cannot tolerate sin, for the Bible says of him: "His eyes are too pure to behold what is hurtful; he cannot look on what is hurtful".

15 The Bible speaks of Jesus as "a propitiatory sacrifice". (1 John 2:2) The Greek word translated "a propitiatory sacrifice" can also refer to the act of reconciliation. (Isa. 46:10) The ransom makes it possible for us to be reconciled to God.

16 Think of the joy that comes from having a close relationship with God, for example, by calling Jehovah "Father" as Jesus taught us to do (Matt. 6:9) or even by calling him "Friend".

14. How did Adam and Eve's sin affect our relationship with God, and why?

15. What benefits have been made possible by Jesus' sacrifice?

16. Before attending this year's Memorial, what can you think about? (See also pictures.)

18 The Watchtower

(Col. 1:19, 20) Thus, despite our sinful inclinations, we can enjoy a close friendship with Jehovah.

The ransom teaches us that Jehovah is near

17 The ransom is a powerful demonstration of Jehovah's undeserved kindness. He made it possible for us to survive even when we were dead in our sins. (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Like the man who was overwhelmed by sin and imperfection, those who are rightly disposed toward everlasting life cry out for help. (Acts 13:48) Jehovah also responds to such people by means of the Kingdom good news, inviting them to come to know him and his Son, Jesus. (John 17:3) If Satan could have failed to cause Adam and Eve to sin and thus thwart Jehovah's purpose, how much more so!

18 As we meditate on the ransom, we do well to keep in mind that our salvation is not the primary reason for Jehovah's provision of the ransom, but it is primarily to answer the challenge that Satan raised in Eden. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) Jehovah uses the ransom to cleanse his name of all reproach and to wipe out sin and death. (Prov. 27:11) How, then, can you show your appreciation for the ransom, which will be discussed in the next article?

17. How does the ransom demonstrate Jehovah's undeserved kindness? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

18. As we meditate on the ransom, what should we keep in mind?

The Way to Success . . .

■ Forgiveness of sins?

■ the prospect of attaining perfection?

■ the assurance that Jehovah's friendship is possible?

Psalm 19 - What Does It Mean to You?

The Lord's Evening Meal

March 23 to 29, 2026

Psalm 18 - What Does It Mean to You?

How Precious the Ransom Is to Us

What is included in the study?

What each of us can do to show our appreciation for the ransom.

How Will You Show That You Appreciate the Ransom?

The love of Christ compels us.

If you were in a building that had collapsed, would you, as soon as someone came to rescue you from the collapse, go to his bedside and kiss his feet, even if you were not the only one to do so, to show that you could never thank the person for what he had done for you?

2 As we saw in the preceding article, our inherited sin is like a building that collapses, and if we are not rescued from it, we can be freed from it. How? First, the ransom makes it possible for us to have our sins forgiven, second, it gives us the prospect of being cleansed of our sins, and third, it enables us to have a close relationship with God, including the prospect of living forever in his new world. (Prov. 8:30, 31) The apostle Paul wrote that Christ's love compels us. (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) Yes, Jesus' love for us should move us to show our appreciation for the ransom sacrifice.

3 How can you show your appreciation for Christ's sacrifice, even though it may not be easy to do so in a figurative way? Suppose that three men are traveling to a different city, and they are not traveling in the same way, and we are not traveling in the same way.

1-2. What should Jesus' ransom sacrifice move us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also the picture.)

3. Why might your appreciation for the ransom be different from that of others?

20

How grateful we are to Jehovah and Jesus for rescuing us from sin and death! (See paragraphs 1-2)

In this article, we will consider how Bible students, baptized ones, and inactive ones can show their appreciation for the ransom.

Students of the Bible

4 When you study the Bible, keep in mind that the very fact that you accept the offer of the ransom means that Jehovah is drawing you to him. (John 6:44; Acts 13:48) The Bible says that "the one who searches the heart", Jehovah, is "beautiful" when he sees your efforts to learn about him and to make changes in order to live by his standards. (Prov. 17:3; 27:11) Thanks to the ransom, you can have a close, intimate relationship with Jehovah. (Rom. 5:10, 11) Never forget that fact.

5 If you are studying the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses, how can you show your appreciation for the ransom? One way is by heeding the apostle Paul's counsel to the Philippians: "To the extent that we have made progress, let us go on walking orderly in this same course". (Phil. 3:16) Another translation renders this verse: "Keep your eyes set straight on the road ahead.

6 If you have recently learned something in the Bible that is difficult for you to understand, do your research and pray to Jehovah for help to understand it better. (Ps. 86:11) If you do not understand it, do not give up your Bible study; or if you have a bad habit that is hard for you to overcome, remember that Jehovah does not expect more of you than you can do, so whatever he asks of you is within your reach. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.)

4. What makes Jehovah happy when we study the Bible?

5. How can Bible students apply Philippians 3:16?

6. What should a Bible student do if he does not understand a Bible teaching or is struggling to overcome a bad habit? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also the picture.)

January 21, 2026

Jehovah does not expect more of us than we can do, and he will help us to do what he asks of us (See paragraph 6)

As your love for Jehovah deepens, you will see that his commandments are not burdensome. - 1 John 5:3.*

The Bible encourages us: "Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you". (Jas. 4:8; 1 Chron. 28:9) If you take steps to draw close to Jehovah, he will draw close to you.

* To help you apply Bible study, play the "Pursuing the Purpose" section of the book You Can Live Happily Ever After.

7. What might young ones who are being raised to serve Jehovah ask themselves?

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Rom. 5:1, 2) This year, as you attend the Memorial, take some time to meditate on the blessings that Jesus' death brings to you and be moved to set goals to show your appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you through his Son.* <<<P

What can we do if we realize that our love for Jehovah has waned as we go to meetings, to meetings, or to the field ministry, perhaps because we simply do so out of love for him?

10 The apostle Paul admonished Timothy to be absorbed in his service to Jehovah, and to meditate on ways to improve his worship. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13, 15.) So try to meditate on that counsel, and look for ways to improve your service to Jehovah so that you can "be aglow with fire". (Rom. 12:11) For example, you may want to prepare well before the meeting so that you can concentrate. If you want to keep the fire burning, you need to keep adding fuel to it; if you want to deepen your appreciation for all that Jehovah has done for us, including the ransom; and if, in the weeks leading up to the Memorial, you want to meditate on the blessings that Jehovah has in store for his people, you need to deepen your appreciation for the ransom, which opened the way for you to have a personal relationship with Jehovah.

11 If thy zeal seemeth to have declined,

10

Ask yourself, 'What steps can I take to improve my relationship with Jehovah?' (See paragraph 16)

JW.ORG - What Does It Mean?

(Matt. 6:33) Do I really hate what is bad when it comes to entertainment? (Ps. 97:10) Am I a peacemaker and a peace-loving person? (Eph. 4:2, 3) The Memorial season is an excellent time to meditate on what Jehovah and his Son, Jesus, have done for us. This will help us to make sure that our decisions are pleasing to Jehovah and Christ, not to our own desires.*

Those Who Ceased Worshiping Jehovah

(Luke 21:34) Others have been hurt by the words or actions of a fellow believer (Jas. 3:2) Others have fallen into serious sin and have had to take drastic steps to overcome it.

(Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Do you feel that Jehovah is looking for you to come back to him? Yes, as you are reading this article, it is clear that you want to return.

* For more ways to show appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you, see the article "What Motivates You to Serve God?" in the June 15, 1995, issue of The Watchtower.

14. What may cause some to give up serving Jehovah?

15. How does Jehovah show concern for those who have left him? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

There is good in thy heart, and he will take thee to himself.

16 The following encouraging words are found in the brochure Come Back to Jehovah: Be assured that if you return to Jehovah, he will help you to cope with your anxieties, remove any pain, and find a clean conscience that will help you to rejoice with fellow believers. Remember, too, that the elders are ready to help you. They are like "a hiding place from the wind" and "a place of concealment from the rainstorm". (Isa. 32:2) Knowing your appreciation for the ransom, ask yourself, How can I improve my relationship with Jehovah? (Jas. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) For example, you may want to attend a meeting at the Kingdom Hall, tell an elder that you want to return to Jehovah, or arrange for someone to study with you for a short time.

16. What can help those who have left Jehovah to return to him? (See also pictures.)

WHAT would you do?

17 As Jesus said, Jehovah sent him to give his life as a sacrifice so that all who exercise faith in him can have everlasting life. (John 3:16) Jehovah can free mankind from the oppressive effects of sin and death by means of the ransom, and we should never forget what the ransom does for us! (Rom. 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) During the days leading up to the Memorial, we can take time to reflect on the love that Jehovah and Jesus have shown us.

18 How, then, can you show your appreciation for the ransom? Your actions may not be what you expect, but remember that Jehovah's people around the world are striving to live no longer for themselves but for the One who died for them.

17-18. As the Memorial approaches this year, how can we make the best use of our time?

HOW would you answer?

■ As a Bible student, how can you show your appreciation for the ransom?

■ If you are baptized, how can you show that you appreciate the ransom?

■ If you have stopped serving Jehovah, how can you show your appreciation for the ransom?

Psalm 14 - What Does It Mean to You?

Praise the New King of the Earth

March 30 to April 5, 2026

Worship Jehovah

The Good News Is Near!

What is included in the study?

We will consider how we can speak the truth and how we can use Bible truth to reach the heart of our listeners.

Be Gracious in Teaching the Truth

Jehovah, the God of truth. - Deut. 31:5.

WHEN we talk to one of Jehovah's Witnesses, we are often asked, 'How did you come to know the truth?' Some may say that they were raised in the truth, others may say that they came to the truth recently. Whether we were raised in the truth or are new in the truth, each of us is guided by the truth of God's Word.

(Matt. 22:16) Jesus warned his disciples: "I came to cause division, a man against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law. (Matt. 23:37) He knew that his message would divide the world into two groups, one that would accept it and the other that would reject it. - 2 Thess. 2:9-11.

3 Like Jesus, we too face ridicule for speaking the truth, but we strive to be truthful and to protect the truth of God's Word, the Bible.

1. What must we do to be accepted by Jehovah into his family?

2. (a) What was Jesus known for? (b) How did the truth that Jesus taught affect people?

3. What will we consider in this article?

26

In this article, we will consider the answers to these questions: Where can we find the truth? Why should we speak the truth? How should we speak it? When should we teach the truth? The answers to these questions will help us to determine how and when to speak the truth.

WHERE can we find the truth?

(Ps. 19:9; 119:142, 151) His word is trustworthy, his promises unfailing, and his promises unfailing. (Num. 23:19) Indeed, Jehovah cannot lie! (Heb. 6:18) It is fitting that the Bible describes him as "the God of truth". - Ps. 31:5.

(Rom. 1:20) Speaking to a group of Greek philosophers in Athens, the apostle Paul assured them that God wanted them to come to know him, "for, in fact, he is not far off from each one of us". (Read Acts 17:27.)

4. Why can it be said that Jehovah is the Source of truth?

Explain why it is not difficult to know the true God (Acts 17:27).

6 One way we can come to know Jehovah is by studying the Bible, which was inspired by God's spirit. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) So the Bible is both accurate and trustworthy. For example, it reveals that God created the universe, as well as humans and animals. (Gen. 1:1, 26) It also explains why all mankind is sinful, suffering, and dying. (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) It also reveals that Jehovah will use his Son to undo the damage caused by Satan, the father of lies. (Matt. 16:20) What a privilege it is for us to share in the work that Jehovah has entrusted to us - to destroy the wicked, to resurrect the dead, to restore the earth, and to help us overcome sin and imperfection! - John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8.

WHY is it important to tell the truth?

7 As discussed earlier, we must speak the truth if we want to be part of Jehovah's family, but not only must we speak the truth but also the motive that motivates us to do so. (Read Mark 3:11, 12.)

6. What are some of the truths found in the Bible, and why do you appreciate knowing these truths?

Give an example of why it matters what motivates us to tell the truth (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also the picture.)

January 27, 2026

To whom do we give honor by defending the truth? (See paragraphs 7-8)

Many who were demon - possessed fell at his feet and cried out, "You are the Son of God. " But he ordered them not to tell anyone about him, because their testimony was true.

8 What can we learn from this account? Because our motives for speaking the truth are important to Jehovah, it is vital that our love for him motivates us to teach the truth, and if we are honored by others, we should give Jehovah the credit for it! - Matt. 5:16; compare Acts 14:12-15.

9 Consider another area in which we should not confide: If an elder confided confidential information to us and we were to reveal it to others, those to whom we would confide might later come to appreciate our confidential information and conclude that we knew too much about the matter. (Prov. 11:13) Why not?

How to Teach the Truth?

10 Read Colossians 4:6.

9. What should we avoid, and why?

10. What does it mean when the Bible says that we should keep our speech gracious? (Colossians 4:6)

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

"Let your words always be gracious, " meaning", whatever is beneficial for building up, not merely to please, but to bring grace to others".

11 Paul's counsel to guard our tongue applies to those who teach the truth, for the truth of God's Word is like a sharp sword that pierces even to the dividing of soul and spirit, revealing what is really in us. (Heb. 4:12) If the Bible is not used properly, however, it can provoke anger and lead to unnecessary arguments.

11-12. Give an example of why we need to be careful when teaching the truth. (See also pictures.)

12 Suppose, for example, that we meet in the ministry a person who has a strong belief in idolatry and who celebrates Christmas and Easter with his family. (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) But if we do so on the first day, we are also misrepresenting God's Word.

13 Paul also urged that the law of the tongue should be salted, not by overstating or distorting the truth, but by encouraging us to use our tongue in a way that is pleasing to the heart. (Job 12:11) This can be challenging.

13. How can we let our speech be seasoned with salt?

How can you become an effective teacher of the truth? (See paragraphs 11-12)

If we want to imitate Jesus, we need to choose the right time to teach the truth, and we must not overwhelm them immediately

(See also paragraph 15)

For example, in some cultures it is customary to speak freely even to those who are older than you, whereas in other cultures it is considered uncommon to speak so freely, and it can be very distressing.

When Should We Teach the Truth?

14 Jesus always spoke to his disciples in a gracious way and patiently taught them many things. (Mark 6:34) But did he tell them that there was still much to learn?

15 As Jesus' example shows, knowing the truth does not mean that we must teach people everything we know at once. How, then, can we imitate Jesus?

14. When on earth, did Jesus teach his disciples everything he knew?

15. (a) Why is it wise to teach a Bible student everything we know at once? (b) Why is it wise to teach a Bible student everything we know at once?

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

While some Bible students are quick to apply what they learn from the Bible, others may need time to make adjustments. To help our Bible students to make progress, we need to discern what they need to know and to reach them at the right time. - Read Proverbs 25:11.

To help others "go on walking in the truth", we need to do the following: Continue to set a good example for them. (3 John 3, 4) Show by your way of life that you have faith in the promises found in God's Word; speak the truth with good motives; teach the truth in a kind, timely manner; and give praise to Jehovah, the true God.

16. How can we help our Bible students to "go on walking in the truth"?

PAGE 29 PICTURE DESCRIPTION: In the ministry, a brother who sees a Christmas tree in the home of a parent is using an article from jw.org that explains the pagan origins of Christmas, and in the ministry, he is using an article from jw.org that can help fathers.

WHAT did you learn from this article?

■ Acts 17:27

▪ Colossians 4:6

■ Proverbs 25:11

Worship Jehovah

Good news!

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

January 2026.* Vol. 147, No. 1 of this issue.

What is the Bible's answer to this question?

Study articles for March 2-8

Continue to Receive God's Guidance

The study article for March 9-15

What You Can Do When You Are Overwhelmed by Grief or Anxiety

Study articles for March 16-22 and 14

Why We Need the Ransom

Study articles for March 23-29 20

How Will You Show That You Appreciate the Ransom?

Study articles for March 30 to April 5 26

Be Gracious in Teaching the Truth

The Science of Learning

Picture the Bible in Your Mind

The following suggestions can help you to visualize what is happening in your mind when you read the Bible, which contains many valuable lessons from past events.

• Read with your mouth open. Reading with your mouth open will help you to visualize the events in your mind. If you are reading the Bible as a family, you can give each member of the family a role in the story, which can help you to visualize the events in your mind.

• Put yourself in the place of the characters, trying to understand their thoughts and feelings by asking yourself: Why did the person say or do what he did? How would I have felt or felt if I had been in that situation?

Drawing a picture of a Bible account can help you to remember it, even if the picture is not beautiful.

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work that is supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org, or click on the link below

JW.ORG ® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

What is the Bible's answer to that question?