September of 2026

The Kingdom of God - What Does It Mean to You?

This article is part of a series of articles that will help you to learn more about Jehovah's Witnesses.

November 2 to 8, 2026

The Song of Solomon 3

You Are the Source of Strength and Hope

The FIRST

This article shows why we can be confident that Jehovah will protect us now and in the future.

Trust in Jehovah's Protection

You will say: "Jehovah is my refuge". - PS. 91:9.

WE ARE living in the final days of this system of things, and dramatic events will soon unfold. Jehovah will move the nations to carry out his purpose - to give their sovereignty to the wild beast, represented by the United Nations.* (Rev. 17:17) Then the powerful wild beast and all its allies will destroy all false religion. (Rev. 17:16) That will mark the beginning of the great tribulation.

(Ezek. 38:14-16) Why? The book Jehovah's Pure Worship - Finally Reestablished! explains: "Satan will seduce the nations into thinking that both true worship and pure worship are on the earth.

3 Should we be afraid when Jesus and his heavenly army execute judgment on Satan's wicked system at Armageddon?

* See "Questions From Readers" in the November 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

1-2. What momentous events will soon take place?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

No, for Jehovah promises to protect us, as recorded at Psalm 91:7: "A thousand will fall at your side, and ten thousand at your right hand; but it will not come near you". Let us now consider Psalm 91 and answer the following questions: What kind of protection does Jehovah promise? How does he protect us now? How will he protect us in the future?

PSALMS that speak of Jehovah's personality

4 The main point of Psalm 91 is that Jehovah protects those who trust in him, as indicated in verses 1 and 2. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Since Jehovah is the Almighty One, we can be confident that he will protect those who seek refuge in his shadow. At Psalm 91:3-13, the psalmist uses touching words to assure us of Jehovah's ability to protect us in any situation.

5 From Psalm 91:14, the words of the psalmist come directly to Jehovah himself, who promises to protect his people. (Read Psalm 91:14-16.) In these verses, Jehovah repeatedly promises to protect his people because they trust in him, praise his name, and pray to him.

6 Jehovah inspired the psalmist to write the words of Psalm 91 to give us confidence and confidence. (Rom. 15:4) The psalmist expresses his confidence in Jehovah's protection when he says: "You are my refuge and my stronghold". (Ps. 91:2) What kind of protection does Jehovah promise his people?

WHAT is Jehovah's purpose in Psalm 91?

7 In the past, our publications have explained that Psalm 91 is concerned with spiritual protection. We can be confident that Jehovah will always provide us with what we need to stay spiritually healthy.

8 Jesus' answer to Satan's temptation by quoting Psalm 91 reveals what kind of protection the psalm speaks of. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.)

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 help us to have confidence in Jehovah's protection?

5-6. (a) What assurance does Psalm 91:14-16 give us? (b) Of what can we be confident?

7. What kind of protection does Jehovah promise in Psalm 91?

8-9. How did Jesus respond to Satan's temptations, and what do we learn from this? (Matthew 4:5-7)

SETEMBER 3, 2026 What are you waiting for?

Referring to Psalm 91:11, 12, Jesus said that God would protect Jesus physically if he jumped from the temple.* How did Jesus respond? Jesus did not say that the psalm was about physical protection, but rather: "You have not put Jehovah your God to the test". What can we learn from Jesus' reply?

9 Jesus well knew that Jehovah had used angels to protect his people from enemies, sometimes unharmed. (2 Ki. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) But Jesus knew that if he had foolishly risked his life, he could not expect Jehovah to protect him. Instead, he challenged Jesus to do something foolish to test Jehovah.* From Jesus' reply to Satan, we see that Psalm 91 speaks of Jehovah's protection in every way: spiritually, physically, and emotionally.

10 Jehovah's promises recorded in Psalm 91 are encouraging because they assure us that he is our Refuge and that he will protect all who trust in him.

HOW does Jehovah protect us today?

11 Jehovah protects us spiritually, helping us to avoid spiritual harm. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) So he has provided us with what we need in order to remain spiritually strong.

12 His Word, the Bible. Jehovah's Word warns us against wrong desires and tells us how to overcome them. (Read Matthew 5:28, 29.) Jesus spoke of a man who "kept on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her", saying that the man had already committed adultery with her in his heart.

(Jas. 1:14, 15) Therefore, in order to resist immoral desires, we need to take serious steps to heed Jesus' counsel: "If, now, your right eye causes you to stumble, tear it out and throw it away". (Matt. 5:29) Just as we protect ourselves from a contagious disease, we need to avoid anything that could cause us to have immoral desires. (Col. 3:5) Applying this counsel will safeguard our relationship with Jehovah.

* In the past, our publications have said that Psalm 91 refers only to Jehovah's promise of spiritual protection and that Satan was displeased when he used this psalm to refer to physical protection of his servants. - See The Watchtower, December 1, 1974, page 722.

10. Of what can we be confident?

11. How does Jehovah protect us spiritually?

How can we fight immoral desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

The Watchtower

Through his organization, Jehovah provides us with much timely food to protect us spiritually

(See also paragraph 15)

(Luke 11:9-13) The apostle Paul wrote: "Keep walking by spirit and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all". (Gal. 5:16) The Bible Study Bible explains: "A person who walks by spirit seeks the guidance of God's spirit and allows it to influence his thinking and actions. Jehovah's spirit does not prevent wrong desires, but it can strengthen our resolve to do what is right and to overcome wrong desires, thus protecting us spiritually.

15 Jehovah uses his organization to give us timely direction to protect us spiritually. Consider: Because we are imperfect and sinful, we may at times struggle with wrong thoughts and feelings.

14. How does holy spirit help us?

15. How does Jehovah's organization protect us spiritually? (See also pictures.)

September of 2026

5

(Matt. 4:3; 6:13) God's organization provides abundant information that helps us to be confident that Jehovah forgives our sins, cares for us, and provides for our needs. (Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Have you ever read something in our publications that touched you so deeply that you felt that this article was written especially for you? Remember, Jehovah provides such spiritual nourishment at the right time to protect us spiritually.

(Rev. 2:10; 6:9) Satan, however, does not want that to happen, and he is so angry that he wants to destroy all of God's faithful servants. (Matt. 24:9; Rev. 12:9-12) Nevertheless, we can be sure that Jehovah is using his angels to protect his servants as a group so that they can continue to serve him and preach the good news. - Heb. 1:7, 14.

(Prov. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) However, we know that Jehovah does not prevent all calamities from befalling us as individuals. If Jehovah were to protect us in every way, Satan's claim that God's servants are loyal to him would be disproven. (Job 1:10, 11) However, we realize that the most important issue - the sanctification of Jehovah's name - is the primary reason why his spirit has allowed his servants to suffer at the hands of opposers and wicked men. (Rom. 9:22) On the other hand, Jehovah will soon eliminate all suffering for his people, and even now he will help us to endure any trials that may come upon us, thus maintaining a good standing with him. - 1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

HOW will Jehovah protect us?

18 During the great tribulation, Jehovah will continue to protect his people spiritually, but what about in a physical sense? Jehovah will not allow the nations to unite to attack his people (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Jehovah will send Jesus Christ and his heavenly armies to act in defense of God's people and to destroy God's enemies, which will mark the beginning of the war of Armageddon.

19 You need not fear the coming destruction of this wicked system at Armageddon

16. (a) What have some of Jehovah's servants experienced, and why? (b) Of what can we be confident?

17. Why do we not expect Jehovah to protect us from all calamities now?

18. How will Jehovah protect his people in the future?

19-20. Why will we not be afraid when Jesus and the heavenly armies come to destroy God's enemies at Armageddon? (See also opening picture.)

6 What Does It Mean?

When Jesus and his heavenly armies march forth to destroy God's enemies at Armageddon, there will be no survivors. . . . During that war, none of God's precious sheep will perish at the hands of human or demon enemies.

(Jer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) During that war, no sheep of God's flock will be destroyed by human or demon enemies. - Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

20 At Armageddon, the words of God's inspired psalmist will likely be fulfilled in a literal way: "'A stone will fall at your side, and ten thousand at your right hand; but it will not come near you. Only with your eyes will you see the retribution of the wicked ones, because you have said: "Jehovah is my refuge; the Most High is my dwelling".'" (Ps. 91:7-9) When Armageddon comes, we can expect Jehovah to protect us physically, spiritually, and emotionally, not only as individuals but also as individuals. Since you have made Jehovah your refuge, he promises to keep you safe from harm. So no matter what the future holds, we can be confident that Jehovah will protect us if we continue to trust in him.

DESCRIPTION: At the battle of Armageddon, Jesus and his horsemen will defend God's people.

HOW would you respond?

■ What kind of protection does Jehovah promise in Psalm 91?

■ How does Jehovah protect us now?

■ How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

8 Jehovah Is Our Refuge

November 9 to 15, 2026

SONG 36 Safeguarding Our Hearts

INTRODUCTION This article will help us to obey Jehovah from the heart.

How to Maintain a Whole Heart

Give your servant courage.

MANY people obey their leaders for various reasons, such as to avoid punishment or to be noticed by others. In Jesus' day, religious leaders obeyed God by pretending to be admired by others. (Matt. 23:5) But one of the main reasons why we obey Jehovah is that we want to be recognized by others.

The Israelites obeyed Jehovah's direction without hesitation, even to the displeasure of the Egyptians

(See also paragraph 3)

(Ex. 12:5, 7) The angel of Jehovah would then pass over the houses where the blood had been splashed on the doorposts and kill the firstborn of both humans and animals. (Ex. 8:25-27) Nevertheless, the Israelites saw the need to obey, and they did just as Jehovah commanded.

4 That very night, the Israelites left Egypt - first on the northern side of the Red Sea, then in surprising directions to turn south and camp somewhere between the sea and the mountains, where Jehovah's camp would be vulnerable to attack by Pharaoh's armies. (Ex. 14:1-4) Yet, when the Israelites saw the Egyptian army approaching, they were terrified and complained against Moses for leading them there to their death! (Ex. 14:5-11) Why did it hurt the Israelites to obey Jehovah, and how did Jehovah feel?

5 According to the Bible, at the Red Sea, the Israelites failed to show appreciation for Jehovah's miraculous acts in Egypt; they did not remember his many acts of loving-kindness. (Read Psalm 106:7.) (Ps. 106:21, 24-26) What lesson can we learn from this?

4. What surprising instructions did Jehovah give to the Israelites?

5. Why was Jehovah displeased with Israel at the Red Sea? (Psalm 106:7)

September of 2026

9

FROM THE history of the Israelites

6 The history of the Israelites teaches us that it is important to meditate on why we obey Jehovah and those whom he uses to take the lead. For example, we might ask ourselves, 'Do I obey Jehovah only when it is in my own best interests to do so?' We can also ask ourselves, 'Do I obey Jehovah even when others are disobedient or angry with me?' When the Israelites were suffering in Egypt, Jehovah made the Egyptians look favorably upon the people. (Ex. 12:36) Later, however, when the Egyptians furiously pursued them, they failed to trust Jehovah and rebelled. (Ex. 14:10-12) Unlike the Israelites, let us trust in Jehovah and in those whom he has appointed to lead us. (Read Jeremiah 23:4) Even if we do not understand why the direction is given or if it offends those who do not love Jehovah, we should be willing to obey it. How can we avoid making the same mistake, and how can we maintain our courage?

7 Keep your love for Jehovah warm. When we receive direction from Jehovah's organization, we may find it difficult to obey it if it seems unreasonable or overwhelming. If we feel that way, we need to remember that we obey because we love Jehovah and trust in him. (1 John 5:3) If we truly love Jehovah, we will be willing to wait, and we recognize that it may take time before we see the benefits of our obedience. - Eccl. 7:8; Mic. 7:7.

8 Many brothers today are likewise good examples of willingness to obey direction even when they do not fully understand why it was given. For example, during the coronavirus pandemic, the Governing Body directed congregations to conduct meetings by videoconferencing. When a sister in Japan learned that a father she was helping was going to be disfellowshipped, she said: "I want to accept the change and not object to it, knowing that it will be beneficial".

9 Prepare for persecution: We need to prepare for persecution so that we can continue in the Kingdom-preaching work despite opposition.

6. What will we do if we have complete trust in Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:4)

7. How do we benefit from growing in our love for Jehovah?

8. How was one couple determined to listen?

9. What can we do now to remain obedient in the face of persecution? (See also the picture.)

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Matt. 24:14) Also, during the great tribulation, people may have to decide whether to take a stand for God's Kingdom, a message that will strike those who hate Jehovah as a plague that will strike them hard.* (Rev. 16:21) Like Pharaoh in the Red Sea, Jehovah's people will undoubtedly be enraged at his wrath. We can prepare for future persecution by obeying the command to preach even when we are not received well.

Serve the King Jehoshaphat and Obey Jehovah

10 King Jehoshaphat of Judah, who ruled at a time when three nations were threatening Judah, is one of the Bible examples of men and women who obeyed Jehovah. (2 Chron. 20:1-3) Although Jehoshaphat made mistakes, he made wise choices.

(2 Chron. 20:3) This was not the first time that Jehoshaphat sought Jehovah's guidance. (2 Chron. 19:3) When he faced a challenging situation, Jehoshaphat knew that only Jehovah could help him, so he was determined to seek Jehovah's guidance and willing to follow it. We can pray, do research, look to Jehovah for guidance, and be determined to follow his guidance

* See "Questions From Readers" in the August 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

10. What was King Jehoshaphat's reaction when three nations came together to attack Judah?

11. What did Jehoshaphat do when he was tempted? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

If we are obedient now, we will be prepared for future persecution (See paragraph 9)

11

Humble elders obey Jehovah, his organization, and fellow elders

(See also paragraph 16)

When we pray to Jehovah, we are confident that he will help us. - Ps. 119:112.

(Gen. 12:7) Jehoshaphat's words were similar to those of Solomon when he prayed about the temple. (2 Chron. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) That knowledge helped Jehoshaphat to trust in Jehovah and to be determined to obey him. (Matt. 13:52) This will strengthen our resolve to obey Jehovah even when it is difficult.

Rather than relying on his own strength to fight the enemy, Jehoshaphat publicly acknowledged his need for God's help in prayer. (2 Chron. 20:12) Since Jehoshaphat was humble, it was easy for him to obey Jehovah's direction without delay, and it is easy for us to do the same. - Phil. 2:5, 8.

14 Think of the effect your actions would have on others. Jehovah rewarded Jehoshaphat in answer to his prayer. Through the prophet Jahaziel, Jahaziel warned the people: "Stand still and see the salvation of Jehovah for you". What is the significance of this?

12. What will help us to be more determined to obey Jehovah?

13. What are the benefits of being humble?

14. How did Jehoshaphat respond to Jehovah's direction through a prophet?

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

15 Jehoshaphat showed strong faith when he arranged for the singers to sing praises to Jehovah at the head of the singers. (2 Chron. 20:21) Before doing so, Jehoshaphat consulted with the people. What a fine example he set in encouraging the people to trust and obey Jehovah!

16 Elders, parents, and others in positions of responsibility can imitate Jehoshaphat's heartfelt obedience, which had a good effect on his subjects. He acted like King Solomon, who, while faithful to Jehovah, asked for courage so that he could judge and direct the people in Jehovah's way. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) (Prov. 15:22) By their words and actions, they show that they are willing to submit to organizational direction, and they encourage others to do the same. - Prov. 1:8; 14:1.

17 If we wholeheartedly obey Jehovah, we can be confident that he will guide us in every situation, as he did in the past, by means of those who are authorized to take the lead.

15. How did Jehoshaphat show that he trusted in Jehovah?

16. What can elders, parents, and those in positions of responsibility learn from Jehoshaphat? (1 Ki. 3:9) (See also the picture.)

17. Why should we always obey Jehovah wholeheartedly?

HOW would you respond?

■ What lesson do we learn from what happened to the Israelites when they left Egypt?

■ How did Jehoshaphat show that his obedience was heartfelt?

■ What have you learned from the good example of Jehoshaphat?

Song 88 - What Does It Mean to You?

Make Me Know Your Ways

November 16 to 22, 2026

CHURCH 84 We Have More to Do

INTRODUCTION In this article, we will see how Zechariah 8:23 is being fulfilled and how Jehovah's people are making efforts to reach people of all languages.

Jehovah's People Preach the Good News to People of All Languages

"In these days ten men from every nation and tongue will take hold of the robe of a Jew".

(Gen. 11:6-9) However, Jehovah has made it clear that his purpose is to gather a great crowd of people from all nations, tribes, peoples, and languages, who will survive the great tribulation and enter the new world. (Rev. 7:9, 10, 14) How will people of all languages praise Jehovah's name during the great tribulation, since no one is preaching to them? (Read Romans 10:13, 14) What a privilege it is to help people in their own language to come to know Jehovah and be saved!

2 Centuries before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, Jehovah's inspired prophet Zechariah foretold that many nations would join themselves to Jehovah and become a people. (Zech. 2:11) Zechariah then prophesied: "This is what Jehovah of armies has said: 'In those days ten men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold, yes, they will take hold of the skirt of a man who is a Jew, saying: "We will go with you, for we have heard that God is with you".'"

1. Why is it important to preach to people in their mother tongue? (Romans 10:13, 14) 2. What did the inspired prophet Zechariah foretell?

14

Since these things are about to take place, let us be careful not to be overlooked.

COVERS IN OTHER LANGUAGES The use of the tongue is common.

3 The Jew in Zechariah's prophecy represents the anointed ones of God's spiritual Israel. (Gal. 6:16) They will rule with Jesus in heaven. (Heb. 3:1) The ten men represent Jehovah's servants who have the hope of living forever on a paradise earth.

4 In 1919, Christ appointed a group of anointed brothers to be the faithful and discreet slave. These brothers realized that the work of preaching the good news to all nations required that the Bible message be translated into many languages. (Matt. 24:45) The Bible Students were already showing the "Photo-Drama of Creation" in many countries, but the faithful slave saw the need for more. In 1935, the understanding that a great crowd would live forever on earth helped them to grasp the scope of the work. Thus, in fulfillment of Zechariah's prophecy, Jehovah laid the foundation for a worldwide preaching campaign.

THEY WILL be rewarded for their good deeds

5 As the good news spread, more righthearted ones were found in all languages. As foretold, people from all parts of the earth responded to the good news and sought to serve Jehovah. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) (Ps. 68:11; 110:3) In addition, computer experts and engineers have developed tools such as jw.org and JW Library®, which help people in different languages to learn more about the Bible.

6 People of all nations and languages show their appreciation for the spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave by making voluntary donations to support the worldwide preaching work, which results in the printing of literature in over 1,100 languages, and the baptism of hundreds of thousands each year.

7 Jehovah's people are now equipped

3. Who is represented by the Jew, and who are represented by the ten lepers?

4. What happened after Jesus appointed the faithful and discreet slave in 1919?

5-6. How is Isaiah 2:2-4 being fulfilled today? (See also the picture.)

7. How should we feel about the fulfillment of Revelation 14:6?

SETMARY 2026 The year is 2025.

The faithful and discreet slave provides spiritual food for people of all nations, races, and languages

(See paragraphs 5 to 6)

Angels are helping us to declare the everlasting good news to all nations and tribes and tongues and peoples. (Read Revelation 14:6.) Seeing the fulfillment of the prophecies of Zechariah and Revelation strengthens our faith in Bible prophecies and gives us reason to believe that this is the organization that Jehovah is using to spread the good news worldwide.

One of Jehovah's works in our day

8 On the day of Pentecost 33 C.E., Jehovah miraculously enabled the disciples in Jerusalem to speak in different languages. (Acts 2:4-10) What was the purpose of this miracle? People came from all over the world to worship at the temple in Jerusalem, and Jehovah wanted them to hear the good news in their own language.

9 How important it is for people to hear the good news in a language that they can understand! Consider an example: A person traveling to a foreign country may need medical attention because of a serious illness.

8. What outstanding event occurred on the day of Pentecost 33 C.E.?

9. How can we help foreigners to hear the good news?

16 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

We have audio, printed, and electronic tools to help them learn the Bible's lifesaving message in their own language.

10 Consider the experience of Robert, who speaks English. While witnessing at a port, he met a Turkish army officer who, although not fluent in English, accepted a copy of the brochure Good News From God! in Turkish. The man asked questions about world events, and Robert used JW Library to show him the Bible's answers in Turkish. To his surprise, the man exclaimed: "It's as if you understand our language!" Robert later said: "The conversation lasted almost an hour. I noticed that the man's appreciation for the Bible's message grew and became clearer. What a privilege we have to help people to hear the good news of the Bible in their own language!

11 Even if we offer a person only a tract or an article from jw.org in his or her language, we can be successful in doing the same when we meet a person who speaks another language.

10-11. What lessons have you learned from Robert's experience and from the box "A Refugee Has Found Hope"?

Lub Neej hom thub Qab Ntut Tshiab Yajab

A Refugee Found Hope

Youa, who spoke Hmong but could not speak English, was forced to leave her hometown for the United States. Her husband forbade her to read any literature, including the Bible. Eventually, one of Youa's daughters accepted the truth and accompanied her to a Hmong-language meeting. She began to study the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses and eventually joined them in serving Jehovah.

SEPTEMBER 20, 2026 The year is 2026

We are witnessing Jehovah's name in foreign lands

12 The work of translators has benefited all of us. Traditionally, translators have worked hard to make God's Word available to as many people as possible.* Recently, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has been made available in many languages, helping Jehovah's people around the world to keep pace with the original text. The accuracy, simplicity, and truthfulness of the New World Translation, now available in whole or in part in more than 300 languages, have made the beliefs and teachings of Jehovah's Witnesses worldwide harmonious. (1 Cor. 1:10) However, there are other advantages to this translation.

13 The divine name, Jehovah, does not appear in most modern translations of the Bible, but the New World Translation appears thousands of times. Nearly a century ago, you would find God's name in many Bibles, especially in the Hebrew Scriptures. Consider why it is important that the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures restores God's name to where it appeared in the original text of the Bible.

(Ps. 135:1) When Jesus taught his disciples to pray to Jehovah, he taught them to say: "Let your name be sanctified". Later, when praying to his Father, Jesus said: "I have made your name known". (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) Both the apostle Paul and the prophet Joel wrote: "Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved". (Rom. 10:13) Those who use Bible translations that have removed God's name do not follow that Scriptural pattern.

* The Hebrew Scriptures were first translated into Greek about 150 B.C.E.

* In 2008, the head of the Catholic Church, Pope Benedict VI, ruled that no naga should use or pronounce the divine name in Catholic services, songs, or prayers. - See also The Watchtower, October 1, 1997, pages 16-18, paragraphs 4-8.

12. How have Jehovah's people benefited from the New World Translation?

13. Why do many translations of the Bible not contain God's name?

14. According to the Scriptures, why is it important to know and use God's name?

18 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

15 Most of Jehovah's Witnesses read the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures in their language, which has helped them to learn the truth about Jehovah, to love him, and to put their trust in him. - Prov. 18:10; Isa. 56:6.

(Rev. 16:14) At that time, Jehovah will protect those who know him, who obey him, and who sanctify his name. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3) However, those who do not have faith in Jehovah and who refuse to obey him will eventually come to know him as the Almighty God when he attacks them, for Jehovah himself says: "I will magnify myself and sanctify myself and make myself known before the eyes of many nations; and they will have to know that I am Jehovah". - Ezek. 38:23.

17 We have the privilege of sharing in the worldwide preaching work that is foretold at Zechariah 8:23. We also have the joy of working in unison with our fellow believers and with the angels, who are providing the tools we need to preach to people of every nation, tribe, and tongue. We have the privilege of continuing to declare Jehovah's name and the truth about him to all. - Luke 11:2.

15. How do Jehovah's servants feel about his name?

16. Why is it urgent that people come to know Jehovah now? (John 17:3)

17. What great privilege do we have?

HOW would you respond?

■ Who are pictured by the Jew and the ten lepers mentioned at Zechariah 8:23?

■ What has enabled people around the world to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why is it important that people know and use Jehovah's name?

CHURCH 57 Preaching to People of All Sorts

November 23 to 29, 2026

Jehovah's Priesthood - A Proving Ground for Love

The Song of Solomon

God's Example of Love

The FIRST

This article will help us to appreciate how the priesthood arrangement draws us closer to Jehovah.

Every high priest who is chosen from among men is appointed to represent men in matters related to God.

Whether consciously or unconsciously, we all need help because we have inherited sin, which separates us from God. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) In a sense, sin is a deep barrier that separates us from God, and we cannot help it.

2 In this article, we will consider how the priesthood arrangement benefited Jehovah's people in the past, how it benefits us today, and how it will benefit us in the future. Finally, we will consider how this arrangement is an expression of Jehovah's great love for us.

HOW JEHOVAH'S WORD affected the people of ancient Israel

3 The apostle Paul was inspired to explain why Jehovah arranged for a priesthood for the nation of Israel. (Read Hebrews 5:1.)

1. Why do all humans need help?

2. What will we consider in this article?

3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how did the priesthood arrangement benefit true worshippers? (See also the picture.)

20

As a barrier between Jehovah and mankind, the priesthood was the needed ceiling

(See also paragraph 3)

In this way, the high priest and his fellow priests became a model of the upper room through which obedient humans could approach God.

Malachi 2:7 states: "The lips of the priest must preserve knowledge, and the law must be sought out of his mouth, because he is the messenger of Jehovah of armies". Thus, the priests had the responsibility of teaching the Israelites the Mosaic Law and helping them to understand and apply it. Explanations and explanations helped the people to understand what was being read, thus keeping them spiritually strong. - Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Second, the priests represented the people in God's presence by taking the lead in offering animal sacrifices for the forgiveness of sins. (Ps. 51:9) Jehovah's arrangement of priests to offer animal sacrifices satisfied that need.

What is the Bible's answer?

6 Jehovah has always desired to be at peace with his faithful servants

4. What important work did Jehovah give to the priests in Israel?

5. In what way did the priests represent God's people, and what does this teach us about Jehovah?

6. In patriarchal times, what role did the heads of the household have in common with the priests?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21 years from now

(Gen. 8:20) Abraham built altars on which to offer sacrifices to Jehovah (Gen. 12:7, 8) and Job offered burnt offerings for his sons. (Job 1:5) That is why Jehovah referred to some of his servants as priests long before he appointed the Levites to serve as priests in Israel. Jehovah said: "Let the priests [head of household] who come near to Jehovah regularly sanctify themselves, that Jehovah may not strike them.

7 Melchizedek was the first person mentioned in the Bible as a priest. (Gen. 14:18) Besides being a king and a priest, Jehovah later promised that the Messiah would be a king and a priest in the likeness of Melchizedek, but his rule would bring eternal benefits to mankind. - Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 As noted earlier, when the nation of Israel became a new nation, Jehovah organized a priesthood and through Moses the Law was given to them, including Aaron and his descendants. (Ex. 40:12-15) The priests were to offer sacrifices - the high priest for the nation as a whole, the other priests for individual Israelites.

7. Who was Melchizedek, and what parallels exist between him and the Messiah?

8. Who served as priests in Israel, and what duties did they perform?

9 At his baptism, Jesus became the High Priest of Jehovah's great spiritual temple. (Heb. 8:1) Years later, he offered his perfect human life as a ransom sacrifice that was far superior to the animal sacrifices of the ancient Israelites. (Phil. 1:3, 4; 2:9) After their resurrection, we eagerly await the time when they will work alongside Jehovah and Jesus to bring obedient humans to perfection and to transform the earth into a paradise!

10 As we have seen, the priesthood system has long been an integral part of Jehovah's approach to mankind. The abundance of sacrifices it provided reminded faithful Israelites of their need for a ransom. Jehovah will continue to use the priesthood during Christ's Thousand Year Reign until mankind is perfected before God.

What Experts Teach Us About Jehovah

11 The priesthood arrangement highlights Jehovah's desire to have a personal relationship with his people

9-10. Who will serve as royal priests with Jesus during the Thousand Year Reign?

11. How does the priesthood arrangement show that Jehovah invites us to approach him?

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are not guilty of sin, that we inherited it, and that we are merciful to him, so he has made provision for us to draw close to him.

12 Jesus also wants us to have a good relationship with Jehovah. (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25) What, though, does Jesus look for in your behalf? He might consider your background, your background, your health, your anxieties, your problems, your good qualities, and your faithful service to Jehovah. Jesus knows your thoughts, your feelings, how often you pray for forgiveness, and how earnestly you strive to do what is right, so we can be confident that Jehovah will willingly accept Christ's ransom sacrifice and mercifully forgive our sins. (Ps. 86:5) We can be confident of this because Jehovah himself appointed Jesus as our Deliverer.

12. (a) Why is it comforting to know that Jesus is our High Priest? (b) Why is it comforting to know that Jesus is our High Priest?

As our High Priest, Jesus appreciates our good works; he understands our motives, how we ask Jehovah for forgiveness, and our efforts to do what is right (See paragraph 12)

13 The priesthood arrangement is another evidence that Jehovah wants us to approach him freely in prayer. (Read Hebrews 4:16.) As our High Priest, Jesus also allows us to approach Jehovah freely, and Jehovah is pleased to hear our prayers. When we pray to him, we demonstrate our faith and trust in him. (Rom. 8:26) Even in such situations, Jehovah is there for us, and as a loving, ever-present Father, we need to speak to him regularly and open our hearts to him.

(Heb. 7:19) However, those sacrifices foreshadowed the perfect sacrifice of Christ Jesus, which made possible the forgiveness of sins and the prospect of everlasting life for obedient mankind. Are you not grateful that Jehovah made this wonderful provision so that humans could have everlasting life? - 1 John 4:10.

(Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) Yes, they will remain loyal to Jehovah, and their integrity will be made evident to all mankind. So we can be confident that during the Millennial Reign, they will lovingly help us to act in a righteous and refreshing way toward perfection, freeing us from the effects of sin inherited from Adam and Eve, all of which will be possible on the basis of Jesus' ransom sacrifice. With the help of Jesus and his corulers, mankind will be brought to perfection, as Jehovah had purposed. - Rev. 22:1, 2.

16 Christ, our High Priest, understands our trials, and he has compassion for us because he had similar experiences while on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Consider these questions: Have you ever felt exhausted? Has Jesus ever felt tired? (John 4:6) Have you ever felt hungry or thirsty? (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28) Have you ever been persecuted or ridiculed for your faith? (Isa. 50:6; John 15:20) Have you suffered the loss of a loved one? Since we have a High Priest who has suffered the same things as we have, Jesus is confident that he will understand and sympathize with us.

17 The 144,000 priests who will serve with Jesus will be able to sympathize with us when they bring mankind to perfection - men and women who, while on earth, were made imperfect and have been able to cope with sin and suffering.

13. For what other reason did Jehovah appoint Jesus as our High Priest, and how does this benefit us in our prayers? (Hebrews 4:16)

14. How does Jesus' sacrifice prove that Jehovah wants us to live forever?

15. How is Jehovah's love for us evident in the provision of Kingdom priests?

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 highlight the qualifications of Jehovah's appointing of a High Priest?

17. Why can we be sure that the anointed will show understanding as they help mankind to become perfect?

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

They were chosen from every tribe, tribe, people and nation,

18 All that we have considered about the priesthood arrangement shows that Jehovah is willing, compassionate, understanding, and compassionate, whereas our enemy, Satan, is not. (Rev. 12:10) As we have seen, Jehovah has taken steps to draw us to him so that we can be his acceptable friends.

(Ps. 103:14) Jehovah focuses, not on our shortcomings, but on our good qualities and the kind of person we are striving to become.* If we focus on our sins and shortcomings, we need to remember that Jehovah is greater than our hearts and knows all things. - 1 John 3:20.

20 We have also seen that Jehovah has arranged for a priesthood so that we can serve him acceptably. He wants us to have a close relationship with him. This wonderful loving arrangement of Jehovah's made it possible to close the gap between him and his faithful servants and to approach him more easily. Let us heed the admonition found at Hebrews 4:16: "Let us approach the throne of undeserved kindness with freeness of speech, that we may receive mercy and find undeserved kindness at the right time".

18. What does the priesthood arrangement teach us about Jehovah, and how does that make you feel?

19. When we feel insignificant, how does Jehovah view us?

20. Why do you appreciate Jehovah's priesthood arrangement, and what are you determined to do?

HOW would you respond?

■ Why did Jehovah provide a priesthood for mankind?

■ What priests did Jehovah use at different times?

■ How does the priesthood arrangement draw you closer to Jehovah?

16 Praise Jah for the Messianic Kingdom

November 30 to December 6, 2026

22 The Kingdom Is at HandLet It Come!

INTRODUCTION This article will help us to identify three pitfalls and how to avoid them.

Guard Against the Spirit of the World

Everything in the world . . . does not originate with the Father. - 1 JOHN 2:16.

(Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) This does not mean that Satan is physically present everywhere in the universe at any given time, and the Bible does not say that any faithful angels or demons have this ability. (Rev. 12:9) Satan also has something else that he constantly uses: the spirit of the world, which exerts a powerful influence on most people, whether they realize it or not. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) Even those who deny Satan's existence live by allowing the spirit of the world to influence their lives, and the Bible describes them as being "caught alive by him to do his will". - 2 Tim. 2:26.

2 Many of us used to live the way most people in the world do, but when we came to know who is influencing their thinking and actions, what changes did we make? We followed the Bible's counsel to reject ungodliness and worldly desires. (Titus 2:11, 12) In other words, we resist Satan's power and influence in this world, and we have Jehovah's backing.

1. How does Satan control the world today? (1 John 2:15, 16)

2-3. (a) What contrast is there between Jehovah's servants and those who are influenced by the spirit of the world? (b) What do we need to be on guard against?

26

It is easy to be influenced by the spirit of the world (See paragraph 5)

How Jehovah must rejoice when we strive to resist the spirit of the world!

(Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) In this article, we will consider some of the things that can help us to resist the spirit of the world, but first, let us consider what it is, the spirit of the world. - 1 Cor. 2:12.

WHAT is the future of the world?

4 In the Bible, the spirit of the world refers to the attitudes or thinking of people who do not love God. Those who are influenced by the spirit of the world are selfish, often disregarding Jehovah's moral standards.

5 The Bible reveals that Satan is misleading the entire inhabited earth, and the spirit of the world is a key factor in his efforts to do so. (Rev. 12:9) The apostle Paul likened the spirit of the world to air. (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.)

4. What is the spirit of the world, and how does it affect those who are affected by it?

5. In what way is the spirit of the world like the air we breathe? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also the picture.)

SEPTEMBER 27, 2026 What are you waiting for?

Just as the air of the world is pervasive and corrupting, so the spirit of the world is pervasive and corrupting. Let us see how it enters into us and how we can avoid it.

Flee from immoral life-styles

6 The Bible foretold that in the last days, people would be self-assuming, haughty, boastful, and unruly. (2 Tim. 3:1-3) These negative qualities are reflected in the way many people talk today, such as abusive speech, fighting, and violence; marital and child abuse; and abusive speech against children and adults. (Eph. 5:3, 4) Their speech reflects the influence of the world's spirit.

(Jas. 1:26, 27) You might ask yourself: 'Do I use abusive language when I am angry or when I am dealing with people who do not know that I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses? Do I use foul language or disrespectful speech when I am with fellow believers?

8 What can we do if we detect that the spirit of the world is influencing our speech? We need to make changes in our speech patterns, but we need to do more than that. Recall that Jesus said: "The things proceeding out of the mouth come out of the heart, and those things are what characterise a man". (Matt. 15:18) Jesus' words show that our words reveal what we really think and feel. (Eph. 4:31) If you see that you need to make some changes, pray to Jehovah to help you to put on the new personality more fully. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.)

SAVE a life that is different

(Isa. 5:20) If we are not careful, the spirit of the world can gradually lead us to view such things as harmless. (2 Cor. 11:3) We may even begin to think about such things.

6. How is the spirit of the world reflected in speech today?

7. What questions might we ask ourselves about our speech?

8. What can we do to avoid unwholesome speech? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. How do many today view Jehovah's moral standards?

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Jehovah's ways are superior to our own, and they do not become outdated as time passes. - Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

10 Those who want to please Jehovah must also hate what he hates. (Ps. 97:10) So we do well to ask ourselves: 'Do I feel that Jehovah's moral standards are a constraint on me?

(Ps. 51:5; 103:14) On the other hand, you can choose to do what is right and not pursue the desires of the flesh. (Eph. 2:3) At the same time, you must keep your mind off things that arouse unclean desires. (Gen. 39:9, 12) Then think about how such things could affect your relationship with Jehovah and with others. (Eph. 5:5) With Jehovah's help, you can learn to hate what is bad.

WARN from the dangers of the Internet

12 Many of us use the Internet in our daily lives and even in our worship of Jehovah. Yet, much of what is available on the Internet promotes the spirit of the world. For example, pornography is rampant on the Internet, and it is easily accessible to young and old alike. Such pictures, videos, and accompanying information may tempt us to spend more time on recreation and leisure activities, even if this interferes with our worship. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 We need to be careful that Internet use does not consume too much of our time or corrupt our thinking and actions, so we might ask ourselves: 'How much time do I spend surfing the Internet, searching for unnecessary photos, videos, and other material?' (Eph. 5:15, 16) What kind of material do I watch or watch?

10. What questions will help us to discern if we have developed a hatred for what Jehovah hates?

11. How can you learn to hate what Jehovah hates?

12. How has the spirit of the world manifested itself on the Internet?

13. What questions might we ask ourselves about our use of the Internet?

SETMBER 29 2026 What is the meaning of life?

read on the Internet? How long does it take for me to look away when an appeal appears? (Ps. 119:37) Do I immediately believe everything I see or hear on the Internet, or do I test it to see if it is true? - Prov. 14:15.

14 To resist the spirit of the world, parents must limit their children's use of social networking sites. (Eph. 6:4) Research indicates that youths who spend a lot of time on social networking sites are more likely than others to experience loneliness, anxiety, and depression.

YOU can buy a home for the world!

15 If you detect that the spirit of the world is entering your life in some way, take steps to correct it.

* Names in this article have been changed.

14. How can we resist being influenced by the spirit of the world that is so prevalent on the Internet?

15. What have you learned from Gloria's experience? (See also the picture.)

How can you resist the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15)

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

She admits: "I became materialistic, so I stopped attending meetings and soon stopped being a Witness. But Gloria later realized that she was being influenced by association with people who did not love Jehovah. What did she do?

16 Consider Robert's experience. Influenced by his schoolmates and by immoral entertainment, he was tempted to smoke, drink, and engage in homosexual acts. He says: "I felt that I had the freedom to do as I pleased.

16. What have you learned from Robert's experience?

I have made many changes in my lifestyle, in my dress, and in my speech. How does Robert feel now? He says: "Every morning when I wake up, I am reminded that I am living a clean life that is very different from the one I used to live.

17 As we have seen, we need to resist the spirit of the world, which includes unwholesome speech, immoral speech, and harmful Internet sites. The spirit of the world is powerful, but you can resist it, for Jehovah is far more powerful than Satan and his wicked world. (Read 1 John 4:4) Moreover, he can give you his holy spirit, the most powerful force in the world, to help you resist the spirit of the world. (Luke 11:13) May all of us be determined to continue walking by God's spirit and resist the spirit of the world! - Gal. 5:16.

17. Why can you be sure that you can resist the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

How Can We Be Sure That We Are Not Affected by the World's Economy?

■ The way we kiss

■ Our way of life

■ Use of the Internet

What is the meaning of the song?

We Will Remain Faithful

The Watchtower has been a source of inspiration for millions of people around the world.

September 2026 . Vol. 147, No. 10 This is the first issue of the magazine.

In this article

Study Articles for November 2-8

Study articles for November 9-15

Jehovah's People Preach the Good News to People of All Languages

20 Jehovah's Loving Provision of Priests

Study Articles for November 30 to December 6 - 26 Resist the Spirit of the World

What the Bible Says

Let the Peace of Christ Rule in Your Hearts

What is the peace of the Christ? It is the inner peace that comes to a person because he is a disciple of Christ and because he knows that Jehovah and his beloved Son love him. - John 14:23, 27.

When the apostle Paul urged fellow Christians in Colossae to let this peace rule their hearts, that is, their inner selves, the Greek word translated "peace" is related to the word for a referee in sports, meaning that just as the referee decides how the game is to be played, we should let the peace of the Christ rule our lives.

For example, when we have a disagreement with a fellow believer, we let the peace of the Christ rule in our hearts, allowing the peace of the Christ to rule in our hearts. - Col. 3:12-14.

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures - With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the jw.org website, or scan this link on your device

JW.ORG® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

What is the Bible's answer to that question?