August 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS: Oct. 5 to Nov. 1, 2026

October 5 to 11, 2026

55 Do Not Be Afraid of Them!

What is included in the study?

Do not let Satan deceive you into believing that you cannot trust Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

2

Resist Satan's DeceptionsTrust in Jehovah and Jesus

Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.

WHEN we make a decision to serve Jehovah, Satan and his demons are fiercely attacking us, but Satan knows that if we remain loyal to Jehovah, he can never defeat us. One way he tries to weaken us is by trying to make us feel that we do not care about Jehovah and his Son. - 2 Cor. 11:14; Jas. 1:6.

(Eph. 6:12) Satan the Devil knows that if we lose faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ, he will do whatever he can to weaken our faith in them. In this article, we will discuss how Satan has tried to undermine faith in Jehovah and Jesus in the past and how he has tried to do so today.

1. What is Satan's way of trying to stop us from serving Jehovah?

2. Why is it important to keep on exercising faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

There are two other methods that Satan uses to try to dissuade us from serving Jehovah.*

SATAN LIED about Jehovah and Jesus

3 Shortly after Adam and Eve were created, Satan tried to alienate her from Jehovah by asking her: "Is it really so that God said you must not eat from every tree of the garden?" (Gen. 3:1-5) Satan led Eve to believe that Jehovah was withholding good things from her and her husband.

(Job 22:1-3) Despite Satan's envy, Job maintained his integrity and never abandoned his friendship with Jehovah. - Job 27:1, 5.

* While Satan is not directly responsible for most of the problems we face, he is responsible for the spirit of the world, which motivates people to oppose Jehovah's servants.

3. How did Satan try to undermine Eve's faith in Jehovah?

4. What lie did Satan want Job to believe?

5 In the first century C.E., Satan tried to turn people away from Jesus by inciting religious leaders and others who hated Jesus to speak falsely about him and eventually to have him executed as a criminal. - Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus' death, Satan attacked Jesus' followers. First, the Devil did not want people to believe that Jesus had been resurrected from the dead, so he promoted a false accusation that Jesus' disciples had stolen his spiritual food. (Matt. 28:11-15) Then, in an effort to intimidate the congregation, Satan used enemies to instigate a violent campaign of persecution, in order to make the congregation feel that the work that Jesus had entrusted to it was too difficult to carry out. - Acts 28:278:1; 12:1-3; 12:2.

7 Although some first-century Christians became fearful and stopped preaching, the vast majority kept on preaching, realizing that Satan and his demons were behind the persecution. (Acts 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) What are some of Satan's subtle ways today to try to discourage us from serving Jehovah?

JEHOVAH and JESUS were slandered by Satan's demons

8 Today, one of Satan's chief methods of deceiving people is to conceal the truth

5. How did Satan try to prevent people from following Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. How did Satan target Jesus' disciples?

8. How has Satan used false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus?

August 2026

3

Satan's world offers us a lot of useless things to make us think that it is useless to live by God's standards

(See also paragraph 11)

(John 8:44) For example, Satan has blinded people's minds so that they cannot discern the difference between Jehovah and Jesus. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some clergymen of Christendom teach that the Father and the Son are one and the same, and Jehovah and Jesus do not approve of such worship. (Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) With such teachings, it may be difficult to reason with people about the truth, and they may even oppose our preaching work.

(Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) Satan has caused many Bible translations to omit God's name, which the Bible describes as a fortress. (Prov. 18:10) Another lie that the Devil promotes is that God is responsible for all the suffering that is taking place in the world.

9. How has Satan used false religion to keep people from knowing Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

4 The Watchtower

(Jas. 4:8) Satan wants to destroy the faith of Jehovah's servants today, and he wants to destroy their faith.

10 When we face trials or problems, Satan wants us to believe that Jehovah does not care about us, that he wants us to suffer and that he wants us to become angry with Jehovah. (Prov. 19:3) If a person is angry with Jehovah, he may reason: If Jehovah does not care about me, what good is it for me to live by his laws or principles?

11 Satan uses pressures to make it seem that obeying Jehovah's laws is a burden, such as the idea that the Bible is outdated and that we should not allow others to dictate what we do.

12 Listening to such lies can endanger our relationship with Jehovah. A sister named Shannon relates: "I soon realized that my schoolwork and associations were gradually corrupting my thinking, and I began to enjoy what Jehovah hates. When I finally came to my senses, I was on the verge of alienating myself from Jehovah, my family, and my Christian brothers and sisters.

13 Shannon learned that she needed to work hard to stay close to Jehovah and Jesus. She says: "I prayed to Jehovah for help to make good friends, and I did research in our publications. The video Young People Ask - How Can I Make Real Friends helped me.* The sister mentioned in the video was in a similar situation, and she humbly sought help from her parents, and I did the same. I realized that staying in the truth was not just about going to school and trying to please my parents, but also about staying close to Jehovah and applying Bible principles in my life.

Be Proud That Jehovah and Jesus Love You

14 To remain close to Jehovah, we need to choose good friends.

10. What might cause a Christian to become "enraged against Jehovah"?

11. How does Satan try to make us think that Jehovah's laws are burdensome? (See also the picture.)

12. Why should we not listen to Satan's propaganda?

* For more helpful articles for youths, go to jw.org, under "Young People Ask - How Can I Be a Friend of God?" and under "Young People Ask - How Can I Be a Friend of God?" in the JW Library® app.

13. What have you learned from Shannon's experience?

14. How can we avoid Satan's efforts to weaken our faith? (See also pictures.)

August 5th, 2026

A FREE course in the Bible

We can resist Satan's propaganda by meditating on things that help us to stay close to Jehovah (See paragraph 14)

For example, if we are not careful about such information, we may be tempted to believe falsehoods, but by diligently studying the Bible and Christian publications and by associating with mature Christians, we will be less likely to be influenced by such falsehoods. - Prov. 13:20; Acts 17:11.

(Prov. 22:19) Meditating on Bible accounts that reveal how Jehovah and Jesus care about us helps us to appreciate that Jehovah and Jesus will never fail us. There are countless Bible accounts that prove that Jehovah and Jesus love us, for example, Jehovah says that his love for his people is stronger than the compassion a mother feels for her child.

15. What can help us to be more confident that Jehovah and Jesus will never fail us?

6 The Watchtower

(Mal. 3:16, 17, footnote) In turn, the Bible teaches that Jesus gave his life for us because of his great love for us. - John 15:12, 13.

16 Meditating on what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us can strengthen our confidence that Jehovah and Jesus will never abandon us, even when we are discouraged. - Read Psalm 118:5, 6.

17 Each of us wants to remain close to Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

16. How do we benefit from meditating on what Jehovah has done for us and for others? (Psalm 118:5, 6)

17. If we remain close to Jehovah and Jesus, what assurance does Jesus give us at John 10:29?

(Rev. 20:1-3, 10) To resist the Devil and to avoid being overwhelmed by his machinations, we need to be firmly resolved that Jehovah and his Son, Jesus Christ, are dearest to us and that no one can rob us of our Father's help. - Read John 10:29; Jas. 4:7.

18 As we will see in the next article, there are two other ways in which Satan tries to weaken our relationship with God: He tries to create divisions among our brothers, and he tries to influence others to persecute us.

18. What will be considered in the next article?

HOW would you answer?

■ What lies did Satan tell about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ What lies does Satan spread about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ What convinces you that you are valued by Jehovah and Jesus?

150 - Seek God and Live

October 12 to 18, 2026

We Will Endure Firmly

What is included in the study?

We should always remember that our fight is not against our brothers, but against the wicked spirit forces; nor should we give up our preaching work because of opposition.

You Can Succeed!

We have a wrestling, not against blood and flesh, but against . . . the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places. - EPH. 6:12.

(Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) Yet, the Bible shows that we have a real battle to fight - a battle against wicked spirit forces. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.)

2 In the preceding article, we discussed how the Devil tries to destroy our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will consider two of his methods - first, he tries to destroy the peace and unity of our Christian brotherhood and, second, he uses opposition to discourage us from preaching or to frighten us into giving up the preaching work.

SATAN WANTS to divide us from our brothers and sisters

3 Satan tries to divide us, to divide us, and to show us his greatness. He does this because he wants us to be like this world.

1. Whom do we personally have to contend with? (Ephesians 6:11, 12)

2. What will we consider in this article?

3. How does Satan try to divide us?

8

Unlike his father, Saul, who was unfaithful and jealous of David, Jonathan loyally supported David

(See paragraphs 4 and 6)

Satan wants us to be like him, to slander our brothers and Jehovah's congregation, to hate one another. - Rom. 16:17.

4 For example, King Saul initially favored David because of his courageous fighting prowess. (1 Sam. 18:5) However, Saul's jealousy for David led him to seek revenge on David. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) If Saul had killed David, Satan would have been delighted, for Jehovah had already sent the prophet Samuel to anoint David as the next king of Israel. Imagine how Satan rejoiced when jealous Saul threatened to kill David.

(Ps. 133:1) Satan seeks to disrupt our unity by causing us to become jealous and envious of our brothers, just as Saul was jealous of David. (Mark 12:30, 31) Do you think that our worship will be pleasing to Jehovah if we do so? - Read James 3:14-16.

6 Strong love for one another prevents jealousy and greed from taking root

4. (a) Why did King Saul persecute David? (b) How did David react to Saul's persecution?

5. Why would the Devil want us to become envious of our brothers and sisters? (James 3:14-16)

6. What do you learn from Jonathan's example? (See also pictures.)

August 9, 2026

Unlike Saul, his father, who was jealous of David, Jonathan was convinced that everything that Jehovah had said about David would be fulfilled, and he assured David that he would be the next king of Israel.

(Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Keep your brotherly love strong and have a positive attitude toward one another. (1 Cor. 12:12) We all have a battle to fight against Satan and the wicked spirit forces. - 1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

(Eccl. 7:20) In such situations, we need to apply the Bible's counsel to "keep putting up with one another" and to "be quick to forgive" and to "keep a grudge against one another". (Col. 3:12-14) Jehovah and Jesus want us to love our brothers and to be at peace with them. - John 17:20, 21.

Satan's cunning methods against us

9 Another way that Satan tries to discourage us is by means of hatred, which the apostle Paul warned that all true Christians would experience. (2 Tim. 3:12) When we experience such hatred, we may be tempted to pursue a life of righteousness, law, and order, which could lead to a complete disregard for the preaching work that Jehovah has entrusted to us. - Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Consider Abraham's son Isaac, who became wealthy and became jealous of the Philistines, so that all the wells that his father's servants had dug were filled up by the Philistines. (Gen. 26:12-18) Isaac, however, needed water for his family and his livestock, so he moved and dug the well elsewhere, where the Philistines claimed ownership of the wells. (Gen. 26:19-25) When we are treated unfairly, can we imitate Isaac's mildness and patience?

7. How can we prevent Satan from destroying our unity? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. How should we react if a fellow Christian says or does something that offends us?

9. What is another way that Satan tries to discourage us?

10. What did Isaac do when the Philistines mistreated him?

10 The Watchtower

#We want change

STOP

CHANO

Serving the People

Strive to remain neutral and to be loyal to God's Kingdom

(See also paragraph 13)

11 When Jesus, the promised Messiah, arrived on earth, he too was treated unfairly, including by his relatives, who said that he was insane (Mark 3:21); he was challenged daily by the religious leaders, who even claimed that his authority came from demons (Luke 11:15, 16); he was betrayed by one of his apostles (Matt. 26:14-16); the chief priests and rulers plotted to have him put to death (Mark 15:1, 13-15); and he refused to retaliate against his enemies. (Luke 22:50, 51) Despite this ordeal, Jesus never lost sight of his assignment from Jehovah, nor did he seek revenge on his enemies.

12 Today, Satan tries to discourage us from preaching because of opposition from unbelieving relatives or others, but Jesus taught us to love even those who hate us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.)

11. How did Jesus react to hatred?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we react to opposition or hatred?

August 11th, 2026

By cultivating love and unity, we can resist the wicked spirit forces (See paragraph 16)

(Rom. 13:1, 2) Not all governmental laws may be motivated by Satan, but he may be motivated by our opposing those laws or by our opposing and opposing governmental authorities. (Rom. 8:2, 3) If we oppose governmental authorities and reject God's Kingdom, we are falling into Satan's trap. - John 15:19.

14 Some who once opposed us have become zealous Witnesses of Jehovah. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So when opposers insult us, hate us, and falsely slander us, let us be assured that they may eventually turn to Jehovah (Matt. 5:11) And let us pray that the authorities will grant us the freedom to worship Jehovah peaceably. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Pray also for family members, friends, and schoolmates who oppose us. A wife who opposed her husband for years but who later became one of Jehovah's Witnesses said: You need to be more patient, for patience is a valuable skill.

13. (a) Why should we continue to honor government officials even when they oppose our preaching work? (b) How can we show respect to government officials?

14. What should we remember when Jehovah's servants are opposed?

12 The Watchtower

(Eccl. 1:15) Jehovah is fully aware of what we are going through, and his Kingdom will soon undo all the damage caused by Satan and his agents. (Ps. 37:18; 1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) Until then, though, we need to be patient and neighborly.

We Can Succeed!

16 The Bible assures us that we can win the battle against the wicked spirit forces. (Jas. 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) The Bible says that we can do so by exercising strong faith in Jehovah God and in Jesus Christ.

17 Satan will continue to use various means to divide us or to discourage us, but we must not allow him to do so. Jehovah and Jesus promise that they will not leave us alone if we remain united with them.

15. Why should we not assume that we can solve the injustice that is rampant in the world?

16. What will help us to succeed in our fight against the wicked spirit forces? (See also pictures.)

17. What should be our determination?

HOW would you answer?

■ How does Satan try to break the peace and unity of our Christian brothers?

■ How does Satan try to discourage us from preaching the Kingdom good news?

■ What convinces you that you can overcome Satan and the demons?

Psalm 149 - What Does It Mean to You?

A Song of Victory

October 19 to 25, 2026

CALM 106 Cultivating the Spirit of Love

What is included in the study?

We will learn from the examples of the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus how we can maintain peace in the congregation.

"I Appeal to You With Love"

I appeal to you out of love.PHILEM. 9.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) Although Jehovah is the Source of that peace, it is the responsibility of each of us to make sure that it is not disturbed. (Rom. 12:18) How should we treat our brothers and sisters to promote peace in the congregation?

The Address of Paul

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. Paul encouraged Philemon not to take back his slave Onesimus because of his love for Christ and for the brothers. (Phil. 18) In Rome, Onesimus became Paul's friend and later became a Christian. (Phil. 4:9) However, Paul allowed Onesimus to return to his master, Philemon, because of Roman law. - Philem. 12, 13.

3 Paul may have wondered what Philemon would do if Onesimus returned.

1. What responsibility do we have as individuals?

2. Summarize the account of Philemon and Onesimus (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

3. What things may Paul have been thinking about when he was sending Onesimus back? (See also the opening pictures.)

14

(Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) In this article, we will consider Paul's letters to the Colossians and see what we can learn from Paul, Onesimus, and Philemon.

Lessons From the Example of Paul

4 What can we learn from Paul's example? The way he dealt with others contributed to the peace of the congregation.

5 Paul viewed Philemon as a friend (Phil. 17) Paul did not expect Philemon to listen to him as if he were a slave. (2 Cor. 1:24) Paul viewed Philemon as a fellow worker and reminded him of their close friendship. (Eph. 5:1-3) Rather, by caring deeply for God's sheep by spending time with them, listening to them, and being willing to help those in need.

4-5. How can elders promote peace in the congregation?

6 Paul commended Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5, 7) We all need to be commended, for many of us have feelings of worthlessness, dissatisfaction with our physical appearance, lack of love or appreciation, or fear of losing a privilege we cherish. (Prov. 12:25) Do you want to make others feel that they are loved and valued, so take the opportunity to commend them, not just for what they accomplish but also for the effort they put forth?

7 Paul spoke well of Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12) Paul's good words likely helped both Philemon and Onesimus. Likewise, what we say about fellow believers can affect the way others view or treat them.

6. Why is commendation important?

7. Why should we be careful about what we say about others (Philemon 10-12)

August 15th, 2026

Like Paul, try to have a positive view of your brothers and sisters and speak well of them (See paragraph 8)

What will help us to do so? Consider what Paul often did.

8 Paul often thanked Jehovah for the fine qualities of Philemon (Phil. 4, 5) and for many others (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Although Paul acknowledged the shortcomings of his brothers, he focused on their good qualities and thanked Jehovah for having such friends.

9 Paul's experience was painful, but his gentle words to Philemon were encouraging. Whether because of stress or fatigue, it is easy for us to become angry and to offend others under pressure, so consider the context of Paul's letter to Philemon. Afterward, he was taken to Rome, where he was baptized on a ship on the way, and even while writing the letter to Philemon, Paul was in prison because the Roman authorities had placed Paul under house arrest in Rome.* (Phil. 1) Was Paul's experience too harsh for him to write to Philemon? No. Paul's letter to Philemon was encouraging, not overwhelming. Moreover, when we are at peace with one another, it helps us to cope with difficulties.

What We Can Learn From God

10 At times, we all say or do things that hurt others. If so, we can benefit from the example of Onesimus.

8. What can help us to have a positive view of our brothers and to speak well of them? (See also pictures.)

9. Why were Paul's words of encouragement to Philemon remarkable?

10. How did Onesimus reconcile with Philemon?

16 The Watchtower

Knowing that under Roman law, Onesimus was bound to return to his master, he willingly made the arduous and costly journey of some 1,400 miles [900 km] to return to Philemon, willing to return to slavery and possibly face the consequences of his crime. Even so, he did not stop him from returning to his master, but he did his best to reconcile Onesimus with Philemon because he had now become a Christian.

(Matt. 5:23-25) Although it may not be easy to take that step, you will find it rewarding to take the first step - sincerely apologize to the offender, listen to him or her, acknowledge your mistake, and avoid making excuses or blaming someone else for the mistake. It takes humility to say "I'm sorry" and often makes peace quickly. - Rom. 14:19.

What We Can Learn From Philemon

12 The example of Philemon, who forgave Onesimus and welcomed him back into the congregation, is a good example of how we can make peace. (Phil. 17, 21) Paul knew that Philemon had qualities that would make it easier for him to forgive Onesimus.

13 Philemon showed love for his brothers and sisters (Phil. 5).

11. If we have offended someone, what can we do to restore peace? (See also the picture.)

12. Why was Paul confident that Philemon would forgive Onesimus?

13. Why is love the most important quality? (Colossians 3:14)

Imitate Onesimus by humbly making peace with an offended brother without delay (See paragraph 11)

Like Philemon, cultivate pride and promote peace and unity in the congregation (See paragraph 15)

In fact, in his letter to the congregation in Colossae, where Onesimus lived, Paul described love as "a perfect bond of union". (Read Colossians 3:14) Thus, love is an essential quality that promotes peace and unity.

(Phil. 2) Similarly, Paul acknowledged Philemon's pride by asking him to prepare accommodations for Philemon's brothers and sisters (Phil. 22) No doubt Philemon's pride brought joy and comfort to others. - Philem. 7.

15 How can we imitate Philemon's self-sacrificing spirit and deepen our love and respect for our brothers and sisters, who, even though we may not know them personally or have a different appearance, have fine qualities? (John 6:44) Hence, when we are modest, our love for our brothers and sisters deepens, we have a positive view of them, and we are more forgiving when they make mistakes.

Consider Paul's words to the congregation in Colossae, including to Philemon, and imagine how the congregation in Philemon's home must have felt when Paul's letter was read to them.

14. Why can it be said that Philemon was ambitious?

15. How does showing honor to others help us to deepen our love for them? (See also illustration.)

16. How might Philemon have applied Paul's counsel found at Colossians 3:13?

18 The Watchtower

How can Paul's counsel help us if we find it difficult to forgive others?

In the same scripture, Paul emphasized that Jehovah's love for us moves him to forgive freely, not to expect more of us than we can do, but to look for our good qualities rather than our shortcomings. (Ps. 103:13, 14; 130:3) So he continues to show his love and mercy. (Col. 3:22, 23) If we view our fellow believers as Jehovah views them, it will be easier for us to tolerate their imperfections, for we too rejoice when others take notice of our imperfections.

18 If Jehovah appreciates all that you do to promote peace in the congregation, look for opportunities to do so by maintaining positive speech, by making excuses, by making amends, by growing in brotherly love, by forgiving, by maintaining the peace of the congregation, and by being among the meek ones who will inherit the earth, enjoying it forever in the abundance of peace. - Ps. 37:11.

18. What are you determined to do?

17. What does it mean to "keep free from presumptuousness"?

DESCRIPTION: With Onesimus and Tychicus and others present, Philemon read out loud the letter that Paul had brought to him.

WHAT did you learn from . . .

the apostle Paul?

Where is Onesimus?

Where was Philemon?

SONG 154 True Love - What Does It Mean to You?

Oct. 26 to Nov. 1, 2026

Appreciate Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

The New Song

who has come near to give us salvation so that we can worship him without fear.

What is included in the study?

It will help us to appreciate that salvation from Jehovah is a privilege, but it also entails responsibility.

WHEN Zechariah and his wife, Elizabeth, were miraculously given a son named John, neighbors and relatives wondered: "What will this little boy be?" (Luke 1:57-66) Through Zechariah, Jehovah revealed that the long-awaited Messiah would soon appear, and that John would help people to repent and follow him. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) However, Zechariah's prophecy was not limited to what John would do.* In this article, we will see how Zechariah's words are prophetic and have implications for us.

How Jehovah Provides Life

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God had promised deliverance to his faithful ones, but who would be his deliverer?

* For an explanation of Zechariah's prophecy, see the video "His Name Will Be John" in the first part of the video Gospels - Events in the Life of Jesus, based in particular on Luke 1:67.

2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what gift does Jehovah promise his people? (b) Who is the mighty Shepherd mentioned at Luke 1:69?

20

The Jews of Zechariah's day had long looked forward to the coming of the promised Messiah, who would be a descendant of Abraham and of King David. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Why, then, was Zechariah again inspired to foretell the coming of a powerful Messiah? (Luke 1:30-35) When Jesus was 30 years old, Jehovah anointed him with holy spirit as the promised Messiah, glorifying him as the mighty deliverer. (Matt. 3:16, 17) What a thrilling prospect!

(Luke 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus would rescue the Jews from Roman oppression? No. Rather, it was necessary to rescue the Jews from Satan, who was the source of their oppression. (Heb. 2:14, 15) Likewise, the Jews - and all mankind - were enslaved to sin and death because they failed to observe the Mosaic Law perfectly and were under a curse that needed deliverance. - Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13.

3. Why did the Jews need deliverance?

Because of this, Jehovah promised them through Zechariah that their sins would be forgiven and they would be saved. - Luke 1:77.

4 The reason why we need deliverance is that, like the Jews, we are enslaved to sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) Additionally, Satan and his demons are responsible for the pressures we face - not only because they try to deceive us into disobeying Jehovah's laws but also because they try to force those who hate us to oppose our worship.

While on earth, Jesus taught his followers the only acceptable way to worship Jehovah, and he gave his life as a ransom sacrifice so that everyone exercising faith in him might not perish but have everlasting life. (John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) We endeavor to worship Jehovah in the way that Jesus taught his followers to do. (John 2:1, 2) In this way, Jesus frees us from sin and opens the way to everlasting life.

6 How will Jesus completely free us from slavery to sin and death, from Satan and his demons, and from those who hate us?

4. Why do we need to be delivered?

5. In what way does Jesus deliver us from sin?

6. (a) What will the King do for us in the near future? (b) What will Jesus do for us?

August 21 2026

Salvation through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

(Luke 1:32, 33) Soon, along with his 144,000 corulers and the angelic forces in heaven, he will wipe out all opposers of God from the earth at Armageddon, then during the Thousand Year Reign, Jesus will resurrect the dead, and he and the 144,000 will gradually restore mankind to perfection. (John 5:28; Rev. 22:1, 2) By the end of the thousand years, sin and death will have been completely cleansed. (Rev. 20:7-10) At last, faithful humans will be able to serve Jehovah freely, free from the burdens of sin and death, and free from all opposition.

Our Privilege to Serve Jehovah

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Zechariah said that Jehovah's provision of the ransom makes it possible for us to worship him without fear.

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what opportunity has Jehovah given his people?

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

8 First, we do not have to fear death. Since we have the hope of living forever, we do not want to live in a world that is full of worldly desires, but we are determined to live in a way that pleases Jehovah. We know that Jehovah loves and accepts us, and we have confidence that on the basis of Jesus' sacrifice, our sins will be forgiven. - 1 John 4:9, 10.

9 Some may find it hard to believe that Jehovah appreciates their service, perhaps because of a tragedy or a difficult situation that they have endured or because of past sins - even though they have asked for forgiveness and have received help from the elders - but they still feel that Jehovah has not forgiven them.

10 To illustrate: A crippled person may be told by a doctor what to do to restore his limbs, but if a crippled person fears that he will not be able to walk again, he should trust the doctor and continue to follow his instructions.

(John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Jehovah has shown you how to get back on your feet by means of prayer, personal study, and personal study. (Ps. 1:2; 1 Thess. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) It takes time for a broken leg to heal, just as it takes time for a broken leg to heal. (Phil. 3:16) And thank Jehovah for strengthening you each day to serve him faithfully. How grateful we can be to Christ and to Jehovah for the privilege of serving him fearlessly!

Our Commission to Preach the Good News

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. While Zechariah was still speaking, he told his dying son: "Go ahead and prepare the way of Jehovah". How did John the Baptizer fulfill this prophecy?

8. What do we not have to fear?

9. What do some find difficult to believe?

10-11. What can we do if our feelings of regret overwhelm us? Illustrate.

12. What role did John the Baptizer play in preparing the way for Jehovah? (Luke 1:76-79)

August 23 of 2026

If our salvation and the privilege of serving Jehovah are precious to us, we will be eager to declare the good news (See paragraph 16)

The Origin of Life - Five Questions Worth Asking

After Jesus was baptized, John publicly identified Jesus as Jehovah's representative, saying: "Look! The Lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world!" John then invited his followers to follow the Messiah, Jesus. - John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John's clear testimony that Jesus was the Messiah required further testimony, for Zechariah explained that the Messiah would be the light of the day.* In other words, Jesus' appearance would change people's lives, opening the way to salvation.

(Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21.) He emphasized: "The kingdom of the heavens is at hand". But he knew that more people would have to hear the good news, so he trained his disciples to continue preaching the good news. - Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 We too treasure the privilege of sharing in the preaching work. Indeed, it is now more important than ever that we preach about Jesus' ransom sacrifice and God's Kingdom.

13. How did the Messiah's presence shed new light on God's people?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is the preaching of the good news especially important today?

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Matt. 24:21) At that time, Jesus and the 144,000, along with the heavenly armies, will fight against all opposers of God and will rescue God's worshippers into the new world.* (Matt. 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) So it is vital that we preach the good news with zeal! - Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:10.

16 Zechariah's prophecy recorded at Luke 1:68-79 reminds us of three important truths - our salvation, our privilege to serve Jehovah, our responsibility to preach the good news, our faith in Christ's ransom sacrifice, and our dedication to Jehovah.

16. What are you determined to do? (See also pictures.)

If so, be zealous in proclaiming the "year of goodwill" of Jehovah. • Tell others about the day of vengeance of our God, when God's Kingdom will destroy all enemies and transform our earth into a paradise. • Invite all who are loved by God to join us in faithfully and righteously worshiping Jehovah all our days without fear. - Luke 1:74, 75.

PICTURE DESCRIPTIONS On page 24: Two sisters in the house-to-house ministry; a brother witnessing to a coworker during a break; a sister giving a class assignment; and her teacher and classmates listening attentively.

WHAT the prophecy at LUKE 1:68-79 tells us, . . .

what precious gift has Jehovah given us?

What opportunity did the ransom provide?

what responsibilities do we have?

PRAYER 159 Praise and Glorify Jehovah

LIFE STORY How did you come to know Jehovah?

The Grand Creator's Thought for Me

As told by STÉPHANE LANDEROIN

WHEN I was in school, I didn't care about school, I didn't do anything, I just wanted to be alone, where no one would notice me, and I never imagined that God would notice me. Why did I say that?

I grew up in Paris, France, in a largely atheistic neighborhood, where I believed that the universe evolved by chance, and like many people I had been taught at school, I believed it to be logical, so I did not investigate it.

My parents, who were not religious, told me that if there was a God, there would be no suffering and injustice in the world, and the hypocrisy of religion made me think that it was foolish to believe in God, even ridiculing those who believed in him.

But now I am convinced that there is a Creator who cares about me, even though at times I feel insignificant. Let me share with you what changed my thinking and helped me to change my life.

At the age of 19, I was drafted into the army and sent to French Guiana, South America, for a year's military service.

At the age of twenty, I returned to Paris, where I worked hard every week from Monday to Friday, and on the weekends I ate and drank and drank, but I had no real happiness, because any happiness I had was short-lived.

I grew up in an atheist family in Paris, France.

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

I wanted to go back to South America.

A Search for Happiness in Life

I returned to French Guiana, where I continued to live in a rural area, thinking that living in the jungle and smoking marijuana would be the best way of life, but I soon returned to my old way of life, working from Monday to Friday and eating snacks on the weekends.

At that time, someone gave me a Bible, and I began to read it, hoping to find practical advice for my life, but I could not understand what I was reading.

Some of my friends, who were curious about what we were doing in the world, invited me to live with them in a village in the middle of the forest, called Nambuk.

Life in the jungle was very simple; we were free to do as we pleased because there were no restrictions: we slept until sunrise and went to bed after sundown; we grew our own crops, played music, and drank marijuana; we took good care of our neighbors' property; we shared with each other; we ate meat because we did not want to kill the local animals; we disrespected the local government; we disobeyed the animal welfare laws and did not punish them.

But I realized that we were all selfish and imperfect, and that some of the world's problems had been solved in our group - some for a few days in the village, others for a few weeks or months. I was over two years old.

When I was in the forest, I saw that the earth gives us more than we need. One day I tried to count the seeds in a meadow. It was too much and I stopped at first. I wondered: Why does the earth give us so much of what we need?

A. A tent in our village, called the Village Unity

B. Living in the forest

A

B

There is a man that maketh all things, and waiteth for them; and I saw that they were not made; that there was a man that made them, and I knew not who he was.

I continued to read the Bible, but this time I wanted to know what God's will was for me. I began to pray, making the sign of the cross, and to see if the Creator's name, Yah, appeared in one of the hymns of our group.

I Found True Happiness

When I started reading it, I was amazed at what I found. When I learned that I could live forever in Paradise on earth, I was overwhelmed with joy. What I really wanted was to live in a beautiful place where there would be no more death and to be at peace with my loved ones.

Published by Jehovah's Witnesses but now out of print.

And he said unto me, Behold, I am the LORD thy God, the God of thy fathers, the God of thy fathers, the God of thy fathers, the God of thy fathers, the God of thy fathers, the God of thy fathers, the God of thy fathers, the God of thy fathers, the God of thy fathers, the God of thy fathers, the God of thy fathers, the God of thy fath

I realized that I needed to make changes in my life, but I needed help, so I asked another missionary friend who was studying with Michel if I could meet him.

On the very day that I met Michel, he invited me to attend an assembly in Matoury, about 150 miles [240 km] from the capital, Cayenne, with my long hair and a dishevelled waistband, a colorful turban, and a larger jacket.

At that convention, one of the speakers explained 1 Timothy 5:8, which shows that a good father will provide for his family. I realized that Jehovah will provide for his family by applying this principle.

French

FRENCH GUYANA

New Caledonia

I learned the truth in French Guiana, was baptized in France, and now serve with my wife in New Caledonia

Our wedding day

Addressing a Chinese-language group in 2006

As I observed Michel's life, I could see the truth of that statement: He was content with his life, not wanting anything less than to do Jehovah's will.

As I progressed in my study of the Bible, I decided to make some changes - I burned all the cigarettes and marijuana I had left, I stopped smoking, and I began attending Christian meetings.

Although my lifestyle had changed, my family was amazed at the changes I had made - I had stopped smoking and marijuana, stopped drinking, and stopped going to violent parties.

In 1996, I prayed to Jehovah about my desire to become a missionary like Michel, and I felt that this was the best way to show my appreciation for all that Jehovah had done for me.

Full of Blessings From My Heavenly Home

I thought of asking her to marry me, but I wanted to see if she was interested in missionary work, and we got married in April 2000.

The next year, we both began pioneering together, and later we began studying Mandarin to help a Chinese-language group in a nearby congregation. First, I had to learn to think like the Chinese, and then I had to find a way to get the Chinese people interested. The training we received was also something that would help us later in Jehovah's service.

A Treatise That I Needed

For example, I felt that my efforts to do my best for Jehovah and my brothers were not acceptable, so I spent a lot of time preparing for public talks.

August 29th, 2026

Now in the circuit work in New Caledonia

(Eccl. 7:16) I needed to understand that Jehovah is a loving Father who does not expect perfection from us, but who appreciates what we do best.

In Paris, I was appointed as a substitute circuit overseer, and I felt young and inexperienced, but I learned that Jehovah's holy spirit can make us do more than we think we can do.

When I give talks at assemblies and conventions, my nervousness tends to worsen, but when I pray for Jehovah's peace, it gets worse. The problem does not go away, but when I rely on Jehovah, I can speak more calmly and more effectively.

In 2011, our prayers were answered when we were assigned to serve as missionaries in New Caledonia, a small archipelago in the southwest Pacific, more than 10,000 miles (16,000 km) from Paris. They also had a very different way of communicating; sometimes they would look you in the eye instead of answering your questions.

In each assignment, we have seen how Jehovah uses his holy spirit to sustain us. Jehovah has helped me to see that our limitations are not limitations, so I often pray to him with all my heart to help me do my best. Even though I sometimes feel pain in front of crowds, Jehovah helps me to give encouragement and direction to those whom I visit.

Claudine has been very patient with me, has been very happy with our work, and has always been willing to witness at every opportunity. She has never complained about the smells and the many challenges we face in the circuit work.

Jehovah has taught me to respect governmental authorities and to obey the law, and he has taught me to be humble, to avoid associating with the worldly world in order to live in harmony with Jehovah's standards, and to enjoy the friendships he has given me that are worth more than what I have lost.

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

DID you know?

What happened at the gates of a city in ancient times?

THE gates of a city in ancient times were not just a passageway through a grassy city, but a quiet place that was frequented by thousands of people.

The Hebrew word translated ·geʹ·on refers not only to the entrance of a city but also to the porch of the city gate, where people could gather in public places, sometimes at the entrance of the city gate. - Neh. 8:1.

Apparently, the names Fish Gate and Sheep Gate are derived from the merchants who sold goods at the gates of the city. - Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

(Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Moreover, if travelers were entering a city at night and there was no place to sleep, they could spend the night outside the city gates (Judg. 19:15-21) and the people could go to the city gates to hear the news. - 2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

(Deut. 21:18-20) Such public hearings enabled the judges to pronounce righteous judgments, and after hearing the case, elders were appointed to oversee the execution of the sentence immediately. - Deut. 25:2.

The entrance to the city gates was a quiet place

They were not only expected to exercise justice, but they were also expected to treat others fairly, and they were encouraged to do the same. - Deut. 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

(1 Ki. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu stood at the gates of the city and proclaimed Jehovah's sentence against the house of Ahab. (2 Ki. 10:8-10) Similarly, King Hezekiah gathered the princes at the gates of the city and urged them to trust in Jehovah. - 2 Chron. 32:6-8.

(Prov. 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, at the gates of a city, faithful men gave counsel and enforced justice. Today, Jehovah's wisdom is revealed in the Bible, and his servants around the world are helping others to discern that wisdom.

August 31, 2026

The Watchtower Announces Jehovah's Kingdom in the Year 2026

What is the Bible's answer to this question?

Study Article for October 5-11 2 Resist Satan's DeceptionsHave Faith in Jehovah and Jesus

Study articles for October 12-18

Study articles for October 19-25

Study articles for October 26-November 1 - 20 Appreciate Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

LIFE STORY The Grand Creator of the Universe - Why He Cared for Me

DID YOU KNOW? . . .

A Teaching From the Bible

A Tree That Grows Early

Among the 30 or so trees mentioned in the Bible are the white-flowered tree, which blossoms early in the winter, and the beautiful red or white flowers that bloom in late January. Its Hebrew name literally means resurrected. Can this tree tell us anything about our Creator?

The footnote to Jeremiah 7:25 describes Jehovah as being awake early in the morning. The Watchtower of March 15, 2011, stated: "Like the palm tree, Jehovah was, in effect, rising early in the morning . . . to warn his people of what would happen to them because of their disobedience. . . .

(Eccl. 12:5) In addition, the lampstands of the tabernacle were equipped with bowls and oil cups, and the beauty of the lilac flower may have inspired Jehovah to instruct Bezalel to make the bowl in the likeness of the lilac flower. - Ex. 37:17-20.

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work that is supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org, or click on the icon below

JW.ORG ® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

What is the Bible's answer to that question?