October of 2026

Jehovah's Kingdom - What Does It Mean to You?

This article will be available in the following languages: English, French, French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Portuguese, Portuguese,

1926

THAT was nine hundred years ago.

THE Watchtower of January 1, 1926, stated that soon God would make his name known to his people as his witnesses on earth.

In 1926, Jehovah, through the head of the congregation, Jesus Christ, helped the faithful and discreet slave class to see that the preaching work should be the most important thing in their lives. (Matt. 24:45) Under Christ's direction, buildings and printing presses were built, which helped them to accomplish their work.

This article includes a brief overview of the Bible's teachings.

In April, The Age of Enlightenment (now Awake!) announced the release of a new book entitled Deliverance, which would replace Studies in the Scriptures, the main publication in the field at that time.

For many years, the Bible Students had studied the Studies in the Scriptures book at their meetings, but beginning in May, they began to study articles published in The Watchtower.

In a letter to Brother Rutherford, a congregation wrote: "The Little Bunker Hill Congregation sends greetings. Thank you for our Sunday study of the articles selected by the organization for the congregations, so that we can take note of any new understanding of the truth.

For example, one article made it clear that some were so preoccupied with cultivating such qualities as kindness and humility that they had forgotten the important work that true Christians should do. The article made it clear that Jehovah commanded Christians to be his witnesses, and that because of their love for Jehovah, they should be willing to obey his command to preach.

Another article emphasized that true Christians demonstrate their love for Jehovah by serving him faithfully, and it encouraged the Bible Students to be zealous in preaching to as many people as possible. - Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

These articles helped the brothers to make immediate adjustments in the congregations.

2

The Watchtower

In a letter published in The Watch Tower of July 15, 1926, one brother wrote: "We have been greatly encouraged and comforted by the new information, and now we are not just reading The Watchtower but studying it.

God's people have been given the gift of life

At the end of May, at a convention in London, England, where all the publishing companies in Britain were closed, the brothers at the Brooklyn branch office worked long hours to produce and distribute 117,000 copies of a new tract containing divine directions.

On Saturday, May 29, when delegates took to the streets to distribute the leaflet, the convention program offered this encouragement: "Every Bible Student is here to announce Jesus and his Kingdom.

The July 15, 1926, issue of The Watch Tower stated: "The brothers were delighted to see that they had accomplished the work Jehovah had given them to do - preach".

The next day, when Brother Rutherford gave a talk on the future of world governments at the Royal Albert Hall, the doors were quickly closed and the auditorium was packed with 13,000 listeners.

In his talk, Brother Rutherford explained that human governments had failed because they had rejected Jehovah and His Kingdom.

THE brothers were sent to live in India

At a convention in London, Brother Rutherford met Edwin Skinner, a colporteur (now called a pioneer). Shortly after the convention, Skinner returned to his assignment, but Brother Rutherford asked him to return to London.

The next day, I went to Lon-don . . . , ready to accept the invitation to serve abroad", said Brother Skinner.

A. The book Deliverance

B. Alexandra Palace, located in London

D. The Royal Albert Hall, which is located in London

It is deliveries!

A and B

B and C

C and D

George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner while serving in India

Published by E. George Draper

D

E

Brother Rutherford asked him, "Would you like to go to India?" He replied, "When would you like me to go?"

Three weeks later, in July, he and Edwin set sail by ship, serving as branch overseers in Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India, and Persia (Iran). Brother Skinner lived in India for 64 years until the end of his earthly ministry in 1990.

MISSIONARY WORKS for their religion

Beginning in 1894, traveling overseers, or traveling overseers, were assigned to visit groups of Bible Students. In July 1926, the assignment was changed from one day for each group to two days, with the goal of spending 100 hours each month in the field ministry.

The traveling overseer, Brother George Draper, wrote to the Watch Tower Society, explaining that all brothers, including traveling overseers, should be ready to greet others, adding that studying The Watchtower would help them to do so.

The convention in New York City

The last convention in 1926 was held in New York City from October 14 to 18. Newspapers offered to advertise Brother Rutherford's talks, but as the convention drew to a close, most of the major newspapers refused to do so.

Determined to spread the word, on Friday, October 15, R. J. Martin released a tract entitled Opposition, which exposed the press' ambitions. "We have already started printing our own literature", he said, "and our brothers at Bethel will continue to work day and night until we have printed one million two hundred and fifty thousand copies". By the end of the day, some 300,000 copies had been distributed.

During the weekend, more than a million tracts were distributed, along with 3,783 copies of the book Deliverance and 35,140 booklets.

About 12,000 listened to Brother Rutherford's talk at the convention

4 The Watchtower

S Judge Rutherford's lecture earth's greatest conflict near new madison square garden sunday, october 17 3 o'clock seats free no collection rnational bible students association

Why not?

F is

Brother Rutherford's talk advertised in newspapers

F. The convention held at Madison Square Garden, New York, in October 1926

After the talk at 3:00 p.m. on Sunday, October 17, more than 9,000 pieces of literature were distributed - the most ever distributed at a convention.

The last house built on Adams Street

As the demand for literature grew, the brothers in Brooklyn saw the need to build a larger printing facility. The cost of renting a Concord Street printing facility was too high, so the brothers purchased a plot of land on Adams Street near the new printing plant and began building an eight-story building on the site that was large enough to accommodate the printing needs.

That same year, more people began associating with the Bible Students, and the organization was preparing God's people for the name Jehovah's Witnesses.

The printery at Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York

Oct. 5, 2026

December 7 to 13, 2026

PS 46 Thank You, Jehovah

THIS article will help us to cultivate and display this fine quality.

Be Thankful

"Show yourselves thankful". - COL. 3:15.

TOGETHER, John, a 95-year-old Christian who suffered from serious health problems and had to rely on caregivers, would say, "Thank you" to anyone who visited him or even did something small to help him. One of his attendants remarked, "John, though old and weak, was always cheerful and pleasant. John's example teaches us that when we are grateful, we become cheerful and satisfied".

2 Sadly, as the Bible foretold, in these last days, many people today are unappreciative. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) Many people forget to express their gratitude, but many simply do not feel the need to do so, thinking that they deserve what is done for them.

3 As Jehovah's people, we need to avoid the unthankful attitude that is so common today. The apostle Paul wrote: "Prove yourselves thankful". (Col. 3:15) This means not only feeling grateful but also showing it.

* Name has been changed.

1. What have you learned from John's example? (See also the pictures.)

6

Being thankful brings us happiness and satisfaction (See paragraph 1)

appreciation? (3) How can we show that we are grateful?

WHY should we be neutral?

The Bible warns: "All the days of the afflicted one are bad". (Prov. 15:15) At times, we all face distressing situations that we cannot control, but we can control how we view them.

The final part of Proverbs 15:15 says: "He that is cheerful in heart has a feast continually, and he that is thankful has a joyful spirit".

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. Giving thanks to Jehovah in prayer helps us to cope with anxiety. Why? The more we try to express our gratitude, the more we will be able to meditate on what Jehovah has done for us and not worry about what may happen in the future.

4. Why can it be harmful to be unthankful?

5. How does being thankful increase our happiness?

6. How does being thankful help us to reduce anxiety? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

October 2026 is the 7th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar.

Isaiah 33:6 "He is the stability of your times" ♡

Take time each day to meditate on your blessings (See paragraphs 9-10)

and the peace of God that transcends all thought and mind.

7 When we are grateful, we draw closer to Jehovah, who has given us all the good things we have. (Read James 1:17.) These include the ransom sacrifice and the prospect of everlasting life, which he has given us, not because we deserve it, but because he loves us. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) When we appreciate the love that our Father and best Friend, Jehovah, has shown for us, we are drawn closer to him.

How can we be spiritually-minded?

8 Think about how Jehovah has helped you in the past. For example, think of a difficult situation that you endured - perhaps the loss of a loved one, a serious illness, or persecution because of your faith.

9 Think about the blessings that Jehovah has given you today. "Give thanks for everything", says the Bible. (1 Thess. 5:18) Take time each day to meditate on your blessings - whether you start the day with a cheerful start, end the day with a cheerful finish, or do it at another convenient time. (Ps. 92:1, 2) Like John, you can write down the good things that have happened to you during the day.

10 First, think about the good things that Jehovah has done for you that you have reason to thank him for that day.

7. How does being grateful draw us closer to Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. Why is it good to reflect on how Jehovah has helped us in the past? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What blessings from Jehovah do you enjoy every day? (See also the picture.)

8

The Watchtower

You can thank Jehovah for spiritual blessings, including comforting scriptures, timely articles and videos, and the fact that he answers your prayers. (Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Think, too, of the beauty of the sunshine, the delight of a delightful meal, the joy of a friendly embrace - all of which we enjoy because of the gift of life and breath. (Eph. 17:25) What other reasons do you have for being grateful to Jehovah today? - Prov. 5:20.

(Ps. 133:1; Prov. 18:24) Have you ever felt grateful for something a fellow believer did or said that encouraged you? (Prov. 12:25; 16:24) Consider an example. I was overwhelmed by the love of the brothers. The mere sight of her in distress and embracing her comforted her and made her feel better.

12 When we meditate on what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he is doing for us now, our heart is filled with gratitude.

How can we show that we are consistent?

13 After encouraging us to be thankful, the apostle Paul wrote: "Whatever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him". (Col. 3:15, 17) We show gratitude by our words and actions.

For example, when an elder visits your family, you might send him or her a text message expressing your appreciation. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) On occasion, you can also express your appreciation to the wives of elders, who allow their wives to spend time with them.

11-12. In what ways are our brothers and sisters a blessing to us?

13. How can we show that we are grateful?

14. How can you show appreciation by your words? (See also pictures.)

October 9, 2026, the year of our Lord's death.

How can you show appreciation? (See paragraph 14)

Before they left, they visited the brothers and encouraged them.

15 Above all, we want to express our gratitude to Jehovah in our heartfelt prayers. (Eph. 6:18) When we pray, we often ask Jehovah to help us cope with a difficult situation, to give us wisdom to make good decisions, or to forgive us if we make mistakes, but when we meditate on all that Jehovah has done for us, we are also moved to express our gratitude in our prayers. (Ps. 95:2) Hence, we do well to examine ourselves from time to time, asking ourselves, 'Do I offer only supplications to Jehovah, or do I offer many expressions of thanks to him?'

(Acts 20:35) So when you show appreciation, not just in words, but also in deeds, you will feel much better about yourself, feel appreciated, and feel closer to others.

17 One way we can show our appreciation for Jehovah's great deeds is by offering our bodies as living sacrifices to Jehovah. (Read Romans 12:1) This means that we continue to give our whole life and all that we have to Jehovah, using our mind and strength to do what pleases him.

18 Our gratitude moves us to give of ourselves

15. How can we show appreciation for Jehovah by using expressions?

16. Why should we show appreciation by our actions?

17-18. How can we show our appreciation to Jehovah by engaging in recreational activities? (Romans 12:1)

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Ps. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) We show our appreciation for all that Jehovah has done for us when we give our best in his service. - Col. 3:23, 24.

By reflecting on all that Jehovah has done for us in the past and in the present, we will deepen our appreciation for him. May we be determined to show gratitude by our words and deeds, and above all, by our appreciative God, who will pour out rich blessings upon us now and forever. - Ps. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19 In today's unthankful world, we have good reasons to be thankful.

PAGE 8: A sister's day had not gone well, but she meditated on the ways in which Jehovah had blessed her, including the comfort she received from certain scriptures.

19. Why are you determined to cultivate a grateful spirit?

HOW would you respond?

■ Why be thankful?

■ How can you become appreciative?

■ How can you show appreciation?

SONG 139 Picture Yourself in the New World

December 14 to 20, 2026

SING 143 Watching, Watching, and Waiting for Jehovah

INTRODUCTION This article will help us to appreciate the privilege we have of participating in three of Jehovah's miracles today.

Support Jehovah's Miracles Today

By this all men will know that you are my disciples.

THESE are just a few of the miracles recorded in the Bible that convinced honesthearted observers that Jehovah's hand was at work in those events. (Matt. 15:31) But did such miracles happen long ago, and do they still happen today?

In this article, we will consider three of the miracles that Jehovah accomplishes through his organization today, and as we consider each one, we will see how we can cooperate with Jehovah in accomplishing these wonderful things. - Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

How We Grow Up is a Miracle

3 Long ago, the prophet Isaiah foretold the great increase of Jehovah's servants in our day. (Read Isaiah 60:22.)

1-2. (a) What are some of the miracles recorded in the Bible? (b) What is a miracle, and what will we consider in this article? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can it be said that Jehovah's people have become a mighty nation? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also the pictures.)

12

Since 1914, Jehovah has miraculously blessed his people (See paragraph 3)

Debt 2026 More than 9,000,000 people

1914 Debt Some 5,000 people

Never before in history have so many people come to know, love, and serve Jehovah in 240 lands around the world. While we may not be able to compare ourselves with other religions, the growth foretold in God's Word has undoubtedly come true.

Rather, we have studied the Bible and made changes in our lives, some of which may involve dramatic changes in our thinking and behavior. (1 Cor. 6:9-11) After making those changes, we have become pioneers and are sharing the good news with others to help them come to know and apply Jehovah. In time, we dedicated ourselves to Jehovah and were baptized, promising him that we would do his will, come what may. - Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 Our growth is miraculous because it comes only from Jehovah. Jesus made it clear that it is not easy to be a follower of his, saying: "If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and continually follow me".

4. Why is our growth remarkable?

5. What did Jesus say would happen to his followers?

Oct. 13, 2026

Raised Despite Persecution

The number of Jehovah's Witnesses grew dramatically during World War II, despite vicious persecution. "The more you persecute the Witnesses, the more they grow", said a Nazi officer.

Consider what happened in the Netherlands (the Netherlands) during those years. The 1986 Yearbook reported: "Despite arrests, imprisonments, concentration camps, and even executions, in just two years the number of Witnesses had more than doubled to 1,379 in 1943. . . .

But one of the Pharisees said to them, "Leave these men alone! If they are from men, they will not be able to stand. Otherwise, you will only find yourselves fighting against God". (Acts 6:7) With God's help, his people were able to endure and grow despite persecution. - Acts 1:8.

For example, Jesus foretold that his followers would be brought before governors and kings (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also warned his followers that they would be severely persecuted by religious leaders (John 16:2) and that they would even face opposition from family members because of their service to Jehovah. - Matt. 10:34-36.

6 True to Jesus' prophecy, the first-century Christians faced intense persecution.

7 Thousands today are accepting the truth despite rejection and opposition from family members, workmates, and others. Why do these new disciples choose to take up their torture stake and follow Jesus? (Matt. 16:24) They do so because they love Jehovah and have faith in his promise to care for them, and Jehovah gives them the superhuman strength to endure. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When family members reject them, they may feel as did the psalmist who said: "In case my own father and my own mother did leave me, even Jehovah himself would take me up". (Ps. 27:10) The fact that the number of disciples has increased despite intense persecution is truly a miracle.

6. What enabled early Christians to grow despite persecution?

7. How have Jesus' disciples today imitated the early Christians? (See the box "Growth Despite Persecution".)

14 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

8 Every time we engage in this part of the preaching work, we are working along with Jehovah and Jesus to make this marvelous growth possible, for we have Jehovah's and Jesus' backing, as Jesus promised: "I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things". (Matt. 28:20) Angels also support our preaching work. - Rev. 14:6, 7.

Our Unity Is a Gift

(Read Micah 2:12.) This prophecy is being fulfilled today. Despite their different backgrounds and backgrounds, God's people are united, feeling as did the psalmist David: "Look! How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity!" - Ps. 133:1.

10 Today, we enjoy unity in many ways. For example, regardless of where we live, we receive the same spiritual instruction at our meetings, assemblies, meetings, and conventions. Never before in history have so many people from different nations and cultures been united in thought and action.

11 Our unity is remarkable because it is in sharp contrast with the division that is so prevalent in today's divided world. Every day we hear about wars, rebellions, and rebellions in the media, and we are not surprised, since the Bible foretold that people would be "disloyal, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, betrayers, betrayers, puffed up with pride". (2 Tim. (Rev. 3:2-4) Even though the whole world is in the power of the wicked one [and his demons], we continue to serve Jehovah unitedly. (1 John 5:19; Rev. 12:9) That, too, is a miracle!

12 We can contribute to the unity of Jehovah's organization by accepting and applying Jehovah's counsel and by learning from the Bible to be long-suffering, forgiving, mild-tempered, and kind to others. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) When we overlook, avoid, or forgive the shortcomings of others, we do so in harmony with God's Word.

8. How do we contribute to this marvelous expansion?

How is Micah 2:12 being fulfilled today?

11. Why can it be said that our unity is a miracle?

12. What can we do to promote unity among God's people?

Oct. 15, 2026

God's people have genuine love for one another and for their neighbors

(See also paragraph 14)

to have a share in the wonderful work that Jehovah is accomplishing through his organization today.

The Love We Have Among Ourselves Is a Miracle

(Acts 2:44, 45) They helped those who were persecuted, cared for orphans and widows, and even sent gifts to help others, even though they were poor. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) The second-century historian Tertullian wrote about the early Christians: "They had great love for one another . . . They are even willing to die for their brothers.

14 Like the first-century Christians, God's people today demonstrate love for those who are not Witnesses by their preaching work, which involves making voluntary donations to support this vital work - not by being forced, begged, or required to give tithes, but by being motivated by love to help our brothers in times of need.* In addition to providing material assistance, we offer them spiritual and comforting help. This is in harmony with the apostle Paul's counsel: "Speak consolingly to the depressed souls, support the weak, be long-suffering toward all". (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has drawn us into a large worldwide brotherhood of people who truly love one another and their neighbors.

15 The love that God's people have for one another is remarkable because we live in a self-centered world. The apostle Paul foretold that in the last days, people would be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, and lovers of pleasures.

* For example, see the article "2023 Disaster Relief Project - Jehovah's Personal Love", on jw.org.

13. How did the early Christians show love for one another? (John 13:35)

14. In what ways have God's people shown love today? (See also pictures.)

15. Why can it be said that the love among Jehovah's people is a miracle?

16

The Watchtower

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus foretold betrayal and hatred, and he added that the love of the majority would grow cold. (Matt. 24:10, 12) Would you not agree that Jehovah is the one who is responsible for the unfolding of such love?

16 We show love for our brothers when we sincerely commend them for their fine example and work hard to maintain peace with them. (Mark 9:50) When we regularly show love for our brothers and sisters by our actions and deeds, we prove that we are truly God's servants.

Enter the Kingdom Hall that is within your reach

17 The growth, unity, and love that we see in our organization today are evidence that Jehovah is performing miracles in our time. Despite opposition, we will continue to increase in number, while we remain united, and while love is becoming less common in today's world, our love for God and for our brothers identifies us as true disciples of Christ. (John 13:34) As God's fellow workers, we are helping to make these miracles happen in our day. - 1 Cor. 3:9.

18 The amazing growth, unity, and love that God's people enjoy in today's troubled world strengthen our faith in Jehovah's promises for the future. (2 Pet. 3:13) Continue to appreciate your part in Jehovah's wonderful works today.

16. How can we show love for one another?

17. What convinces you that Jehovah works miracles today?

18. How should we feel about Jehovah's miracles in our day?

HOW would you feel about such gifts?

■ Our growth

■ Our unity

■ The love we have for one another

The Song of Songs 154

Love That Never Fails

December 21 to 27, 2026

135 Jehovah's Loving Invitation: Be Wise, My Son!

OBJECTIVE This article will help youths to see that choosing good friends will help them to remain loyal to Jehovah.

Good Friends Help Us to Stand Firm

"If anyone can overpower one, two together can stand against him". - ECCLESIASTES 4:12.

WE ALL want to serve Jehovah faithfully, but it is not easy to do so because the world is trying to alienate us from him. We need to be careful not to be influenced by the world's misguided view of friendship.

Jesus told his faithful apostles: "You are the ones that have stuck with me in my trials". Jesus viewed them as friends. (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) True friendships are built not only when things are going well but also when they are bad. - Prov. 17:17.

* Although this verse is often used in connection with marriage, it refers primarily to friendship.

2. (a) What kind of friends did Jesus choose? (b) According to Ecclesiastes 4:9-12, how can we benefit from having good friends?

18

Such friends will help us to cope with whatever trials we may face, and when we serve Jehovah together, they will help us to grow spiritually and to maintain our friendship with him.

3 How can good friends help young ones to remain loyal to Jehovah? How can faithful parents and others be good friends for young ones? Let us consider the example of the prophet Daniel and see what helped him to remain loyal under difficult circumstances.

WE WANT to worship Jehovah

4 Daniel grew up in a time of great turmoil for God's people. In 620 B.C.E., Jehovah allowed Babylonian King Nebuchadnezzar to conquer Judah, where most of the Israelites had become unfaithful. (Dan. 1:2) Daniel was probably in his teens when he was taken captive to Babylon, where he was later educated at the royal court.

5 The Bible tells us that Daniel was determined in his heart to obey God's laws. (Dan. 1:8) How did Daniel know God's laws, and how did his parents train him from an early age? Daniel's name, which means "God Is My Judge", was likely given to him by his parents because of his desire to serve Jehovah. - Deut. 6:6, 7.

(Jer. 1:2) Jeremiah often delivered Jehovah's message to royal officials, perhaps including Daniel's own family. (Jer. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) We cannot be sure that Jeremiah and Daniel were close friends. (Ps. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) Daniel undoubtedly learned from his brother Jeremiah how to remain loyal to Jehovah in an ungodly world.

7 We can be sure that Daniel was influenced spiritually by his parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah.

8 Parents today can have a similar influence on their children. If you are a parent, ask yourself:

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. What changes did Daniel make during his teenage years?

5-6. Who may have helped Daniel to choose to serve Jehovah?

7-8. How can parents and other experienced Christians help young ones to remain loyal to Jehovah?

Oct. 19, 2026

Continue to help your children to develop heartfelt love for Jehovah and trust in him. How can you do that? By regularly teaching them about Jehovah, by encouraging them to attend Christian meetings, and by working with them in the field ministry.

Love the Good News and Learn From It When Temptation Strikes

9 In captivity, Daniel and other Hebrew youths faced unprecedented trials in their homeland - Babylonian pressure, training to serve at the royal court, and the test of their faith.

10 The initial test may have seemed minor: The king decreed that Daniel and his fellow captives be allowed to eat the king's food, some of which was unclean according to the Mosaic Law.

9. What challenges did Daniel and other Hebrew youths face?

10. What was the first test faced by the Hebrew youths?

Do as you please, or he may get angry and have your servant hanged.

11 Of all the Hebrew youths chosen for training, Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego are the only ones mentioned in the Scriptures as being loyal to Jehovah.

12 If you are a young person, have you ever faced peer pressure to do what is wrong? Daniel and his friends helped each other to do what is right. Like them, make friends with those who are determined to be loyal to Jehovah and resist the influence of the world. (1 John 2:15-17) True friends will help you to remain loyal even in small things, and Jehovah will bless and strengthen you.

FRIENDSHIP is needed when faced with serious problems

And the king said to Nebuchadnezzar, Behold, I am the LORD, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel, the God of Israel.

11. What shows that Daniel had good friends? (See also opening picture.)

12. What will help young ones to remain loyal when they are tested?

13. What challenge did Daniel and his companions face?

20 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Daniel and his three companions were among the wise men who were about to be put to death. But Daniel and his three companions helped each other.

(Dan. 2:18) Jehovah answered their prayers by revealing to Daniel the dream and its meaning, and Daniel and his friends were spared, and the king promoted them to high positions in his kingdom. - Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

14. (a) How did the Hebrew brothers help one another? (b) How did the Hebrew brothers help one another?

Second, be willing to ask others to pray for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Be assured that Jehovah, the Hearer of prayer, will help you to cope with any problem, no matter how difficult it may be. (Ps. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) If we cultivate close friendships with those who serve Jehovah, they will strengthen us and help us to endure the most difficult of trials. - Read Galatians 6:2.

A Gift That Will Help Us in Every Situation

16 Jehovah is a true Friend who will be with us even when we seem to be alone. When Daniel was in his 90's, during the reign of the Medes and Persians, Babylon was in ruins, and Daniel was serving at the court of King Darius.

15. What lessons can we learn from the account of Daniel and his companions (Galatians 6:2)

16. What severe test did Daniel face in his old age?

How did Daniel's friends help him to cope with a difficult situation? (See paragraph 14)

God never abandons his friends (See paragraph 18)

And they conspired against him, and made a false decree against him, saying, Thou shalt not pray to any god but unto the king; and he was cast into the den of lions; and there was none to save him. And he was saved.

17 Daniel's miraculous deliverance is described at Daniel 6:19-23. (Read.) When Daniel was in the lions' den, he was rescued by the most powerful Friend possible, Jehovah God.

18 Situations may cause you to isolate yourself from friends and family

17. According to Daniel 6:19-23, how did Daniel benefit from his friendship with Jehovah?

(See the box "Jehovah - Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend".)

If you have been assigned to a remote area to work as a weed reaper, if you have had to move, if you have been confined to your own home because of illness or old age, or even if you have been imprisoned, you may feel lonely.

We Will Be Friends Forever and Forever

(Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11.) After stating that the end of all things is near, the apostle Peter added: "Above all things, have intense love for one another". - 1 Pet. 4:7, 8.

20 Good friends are a gift from Jehovah, and we need them now more than ever

19. Why do we need to cultivate good friendships now? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

20. What kind of friends do you want, and how will you benefit from making good friends?

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Heb. 13:5) With Jehovah's help, we can endure whatever trials we may encounter, and our friendship can endure forever.

DESCRIPTION: Daniel and his friends help each other to cope with trials and remain loyal to Jehovah.

Jehovah - Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend

If you find it difficult to view Jehovah as a Father or as a Person whom you can trust, try to take the following steps each day to draw close to him.

● Communicate with Jehovah: Pray to him regularly; he wants you to confide in him.

● Listen to Jehovah: To do this, read the Bible regularly, learn about his qualities and ways, and get to know him better.

● Be patient: It takes time for two people to trust each other and become close friends.

For more information on this subject, see the article "How Can I Become God's Friend?" on jw.org.

HOW the Bible can help us . . .

■ when faced with temptations?

■ when faced with difficult problems?

■ when isolated?

SONG 161 Doing Your Will Is My Delight

December 28, 2026 to January 3, 2027

SONG 162 Meeting My Spiritual Needs

This article encourages us to consider the scripture each day and offers suggestions on how we can apply it.

Examining the Scriptures Daily

They received the word with the greatest eagerness of mind, carefully examining the Scriptures daily. - Acts 17:11.

IN 1905, Jehovah's organization published the book Daily Meals for Believers, which contained a scripture text and commentary from Zion's Watch Tower for each day of the year and was used yearly by Jehovah's people until 1927.

2 Since 1986, the daily scripture has been available in the daily study aid Examining the Scriptures Daily, which is now available in more than 300 languages. Additionally, daily scripture reading is available in the JW Library® app, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARYTM (www.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library if you access the source code.

3 In our busy lives, some of us are weary of examining the Scriptures daily

* In languages where the Yearbook was not yet available, the daily text and commentary appeared in The Watchtower.

1-2. How has Jehovah's organization encouraged us to consider the daily text, and what tools do we have today to help us?

24

In this article, we will consider three important questions: What Bible examples encourage us to consider the Scriptures daily, why is this important, and how can we do so?

What We Learn From the Bereans

4 The scripture on which this article is based highlights the positive attitude of some Jews in Beroea when Paul preached to them. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Bible says that the Beroeans were "discreet". They listened to Paul, not with the intention of finding fault, but with a willing heart. They compared what Paul taught with what they had read in the Scriptures, thus convincing themselves that what he taught was true. By this we know that what we have heard is true.

(Acts 17:13) Nevertheless, their daily study of the Scriptures helped them to remain steadfast, just as a daily examination of God's Word can help us to cope with life's challenges.

4. What attitude did the Beroeans show when Paul preached to them (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did daily examination of the Scriptures benefit the Beroeans?

Bible Examples That Jehovah Expects Us to Serve Him Daily

• Under the Mosaic Law, priests were required to offer sacrifices daily. - Exodus 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the Law and meditate on it day and day. - Josh. 1:8.

• Jehovah commanded the kings of Israel to make a copy of the Law and read it daily. - Deuteronomy 17:18-20.

• The psalmist encourages us to delight in God's law and to read it day and day. - Ps. 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed three times a day. - Dan. 6:10.

• In the book of Revelation, the great crowd is described as rendering God sacred service day and night. - Rev. 7:15.

WHY do we need to change our lives every day?

6 By regularly examining the Scriptures, we keep our minds focused on Jehovah and our worship. (John 3:16) The Bible contains many examples that prove that Jehovah appreciates our daily efforts to serve him.

(See the box "Bible Examples of How Jehovah Expects Us to Serve Him Daily".)

Oct. 25, 2026

Daily consideration of the Scriptures also affords them time for prayer, Bible reading, and meditation.

7 Examining the Scriptures daily is a wise use of our time. (Read Ephesians 5:15, 16) Think about it: If we take a few minutes to learn how our loving Father, Jehovah, thinks, is that not the best use of our time?

(Matt. 6:34) Each day has its own problems, but Jesus also assures us that Jehovah knows exactly what we are facing and what we need. (Matt. 6:25-32) Reflecting on the Scriptures helps us to focus our attention not on our problems but on the help that Jehovah provides. (1 Pet. 5:6, 7) For example, a young sister who was plagued by a guilty conscience and felt that Jehovah had not forgiven her prayed to Jehovah to help her feel confident that he had forgiven her. Then she read Psalm 86:5: "You, O Jehovah, are good and ready to forgive, and the loving-kindness to all those calling upon you is abundant".

What other reasons do we have for examining the Scriptures daily? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

(Prov. 3:5, 6) For example, on the day of the fight against Russia and Ukraine, the scripture we read was Isaiah 30:15, which says: "You will be strong if you keep calm and rely on me". "Isaiah 30:15 became very important to us", says Svetlana, "and we remembered that scripture and meditated on it every time we went to the field.

10 We need courage to resist pressure from schoolmates and workmates, to tell others about Bible truth, and to stand firm against persecution. When Jehovah appointed Joshua to lead the nation of Israel, he told him three times to be courageous and strong. To help Joshua, Jehovah told him to read the book of the Law daily. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.)

9. How did one day this scripture benefit our brothers in Ukraine?

10. (a) Why do we need discipline, and (b) How can we strengthen our discipline? (c) How can we strengthen our discipline?

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Daily consideration of the Scriptures strengthens our courage (See paragraph 10)

11 Examining the Scriptures daily helps us to make spiritual progress. When young Timothy was encouraged by Paul to keep on making progress in such areas as fatherhood, conduct, love, faith, and chasteness, Paul urged him to do so. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) Reflecting on the scripture each day gives us opportunities to reflect on how we can make spiritual progress, allowing Jehovah's spirit to guide our thinking and actions to conform to his will. - Rom. 8:5, 6.

12 Daily consideration of the Scriptures prepares us for future assignments. There is a great need for mature young men and women to take part in the many activities that are taking place in Jehovah's organization - pioneers, missionaries, Bethelites, translators, construction workers, zealous young men who humbly serve as ministerial servants, elders, and traveling overseers. (Deut. 1:13-15) By regularly reviewing the Scriptures, you will be better equipped to take the lead in the congregation.

How to Test Your Children's Abilities

13 In many Bethel families around the world, a brief, heartfelt prayer is followed by a discussion of the day's text at the start of the day.

11. How does daily consideration of the Scriptures help us to make spiritual progress?

12. What opportunities are there for young ones, and how can we qualify for them?

13. How can you discuss the day's text?

October 2026 the 27th

How can you avoid being overwhelmed when considering the day's text? (See paragraph 18)

(Jas. 1:5) Then read the scripture together with its explanation, and ask yourself the following questions: 'How can this scripture strengthen my faith? What does it teach me about Jehovah that makes my relationship with him stronger? How can it help me to cope with the challenges I may face today?

You might try the following: (1) Read and meditate on key points in the comments on the scriptures in The Watchtower; (2) read the cited scriptures; (3) read the entire Bible chapter of the day in which the scripture was cited; (4) do research in the Research Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses; and (5) read the accompanying articles in the Watchtower and Awake! magazines.

If you are using a digital device, you can find the study article by clicking on the end of the article.*

15 Sister Mackenzie, who is 19 years old, describes her approach to researching the Scriptures this way: "After a few more minutes, perhaps five, of reading the scripture and meditating on the explanation, I can easily recall what I studied.

16 Choose a convenient time - for example, before or after breakfast, before taking your children to school, or by placing a copy of Examining the Scriptures Daily on a table or on a tablecloth - but if an unexpected situation arises, you may need to change the time of the day.

17 It is good to set aside a specific time for Prayer

* The index shows the issue of The Watchtower from which the comment was taken, the month in which it appeared, and the pages and columns from which the information was taken.

16. When should you discuss the daily scripture?

17-18. Why is it beneficial to set aside time to study the Scriptures, and what will help you to do so daily? (See also pictures.)

14-15. What else can we do, and what will help us to remember the day?

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

"If you don't put the Scriptures first", says 16-year-old John, "you're going to get carried away". "The first thing I do when I wake up", says 25-year-old Sierra, "is to review the Scriptures before the day begins". "I don't have my phone on to remind me to do that every day", says 21-year-old Rogelio.

Isabelle, a 19-year-old sister, says: "Make it a point not to do anything else or look at your phone until you have finished your Bible study session". If you notice that you are distracted while discussing a scripture on the phone, use the book to do so before touching your phone. When someone reminds you or we do it together, it's easy to do it every day.

ENCOURAGE YOUR CHILDREN to examine the Scriptures every day

19 Parents, if you regularly discuss the daily text with your children, it will be easier for them to get into the habit of doing so as they grow up. Even young children will benefit from your regular discussion of the day's text in the years to come. Just as a small plant grows to maturity by being watered, your children will grow spiritually stronger if you spend a few minutes each day discussing the daily text with them. - Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: "Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every utterance coming forth through Jehovah's mouth". (Matt. 4:4) We do not want a day to go by that we do not eat bread.

19. Give an example of why it is important for parents to help their children to reason daily with the Scriptures. - Philippians 1:9, 10.

20. How important is spiritual food?

HOW would you respond?

■ For what reasons should we consider the day's text daily?

■ How can we make our examination of the Scriptures beneficial?

■ What suggestions in this article will help you to consider the Scriptures daily?

This is the ninth song.

Grateful for God's Word

Build Your Faith on What Is Sure

WHEN you studied the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses, what convinced you that you had found the only true religion, or the way God wants us to worship him? (Eph. 4:4-6) Did you choose to associate with Jehovah's people because of the love they have for one another, or did you be impressed by their fine moral standards?

What, though, if you have been hurt, wronged, or wronged in some serious way, as was the case with the man in Corinth? (1 Cor. 5:1) If your conviction is based solely on the words and deeds of others, your faith will not crumble.

WHY you should have faith

How can you strengthen your conviction about Bible truths? Consider an example.

At this, many of his disciples turned back and said to one another, "This teaching is hard to understand".

"You do not want to go either, do you? " Jesus asked. Peter answered him", Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life. We have believed and have come to know that you are the Holy One of God".

Now we believe and know that you are the Holy One of God. "

The truth about God's name, his purpose, and the ransom will never change, and the truth about God's name, his purpose, and the ransom will never change, regardless of what others may say or do to us.

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

if we are taught the truth from Jehovah's organization, no one will try to discredit our worship of Jehovah.

While we are encouraged by the love and qualities of our brothers and sisters, we need to maintain our faith in the Bible even when we are discouraged by the actions of others. This will keep our faith strong and will help us to prove that we are part of the true congregation, regardless of what others do.

Regularly reading and studying the Bible will strengthen our conviction that we are on the right path and will help us to remain steadfast in the faith regardless of what others say or do. - Ps. 16:8; see the box "Keep On Walking in the Way of Life".

If you judge by works, you have no foundation.

Keep on the Way of Life

Imagine that you are riding a bus to a scenic destination. You may be tempted to take a variety of exciting journeys, especially if you have in mind that you are traveling to a certain place.

While you're on the boat, you may be overwhelmed by the noise of others or even by the unkind behavior of the driver, but you're on the only boat that's going to get you where you're going.

Similarly, when we enter God's glorious organization and are disappointed by the actions of fellow believers or those whom we trust, our faith in the truths of God's Word will help us to remain steadfast and steadfast.

October of 2026

31

The Watchtower has been a source of inspiration for millions of people around the world.

October 2026.* Vol. 147, No. 11 It was published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

In this article

The year is 1926.

Study Articles for December 7-13

Display Your Support for Jehovah's Miracles Today

Study Articles for December 21-27

Study articles for December 28 - January 3 - 24 Examining the Scriptures Daily

Build Your Faith on What Is Established 30

Being Honest

Jehovah Rewards Faith

Emma, who worked at a hotel for nine hours a day, three days a week, asked her manager for one day's leave to attend a convention. Instead, she agreed to work five days a week, and if she did not, she would have to quit her job.

But two weeks later, she was fired, and surprisingly, she was reunited with her former boss, who, angry at Emma's behavior, arranged for her to work four hours a day, five days a week. The new arrangement was even more rewarding because it would allow her to spend more time in the ministry! Jehovah took care of her needs even beyond her expectations.

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures - With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the jw.org website, or scan this link on your device

JW.ORG® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

w26.10-E