January 2026

The Watchtower

ABOUT the Kingdom of Jehovah

THE year 2026 will be marked by:

"Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need". - MATT. 5:3.

This article is part of a series of articles that will be available in the following languages: English, French, French, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish, Spanish, Spanish, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Portuguese, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish,

MARCH 2 to 8, 2026

The Song of Solomon

God's Word Is Alive and Sustaining

The FIRST

In this article, we will consider what Jehovah has given us to make us happy and how we can take full advantage of it.

Keep Providing for Your Spiritual Needs

THE year 2026 will be marked by:

"Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need". - MATT. 5:3.

JEHOVAH created us with basic needs - food, clothing, and shelter - that we need to sustain our life, even if we do not have them for a time.

Is it not the poor man without clothes, hungry and homeless in the streets, in the heat and cold of the day, Such ones will willingly accept whatever Jehovah provides for the benefit of those who love and serve him.

3 First, let us see what we can learn from

1. What are some basic human needs? (Matthew 5:3)

2. Illustrate what it means to be conscious of one's spiritual need.

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

The Phoenician woman who sought Jesus' help showed humility and faith

(See also paragraph 5)

The example of the Phoenician woman who approached Jesus for help highlights three qualities that are essential for those who are conscious of their spiritual need. Then we will consider the example of the apostles Peter, Paul, and King David.

Meditation, meditation, and the exercise of faith

4 On one occasion, a Phoenician woman who had a demon-possessed daughter approached Jesus. (Matt. 15:21-28) She knelt down and begged Jesus for help.

What if the woman was not offended when Jesus said, "You are a dog, " and she refused to go to him? He was sent only to the lost sheep of Israel. By faith the demon was driven out of her daughter.

6 To satisfy our spiritual need, we too need to cultivate these essential qualities.

4. What did the Phoenician woman want from Jesus?

5. (a) What qualities did the woman display, and how did Jesus help her? (b) How did Jesus help her?

6. What do we learn from the example of the Phoenician woman?

January 3, 2026

(Matt. 24:45-47) Jehovah and his Son are happy to help those who display these qualities to meet their needs. (Compare James 1:5-7.) Let us consider how Jehovah feeds us spiritually, how he helps us to put on the new personality, and how he views us. Moreover, considering the examples of Peter, Paul, and King David will help us to see what we need to do in order to benefit from Jehovah's provisions.

Peter was moved by God's Word

7 Consider the example of the apostle Peter, who was one of the first Jews to recognize Jesus as the Messiah and who recognized that Jehovah was using him to impart the message of everlasting life. (John 6:66-68) Before his resurrection, Jesus instructed Peter: "Feed my little sheep". (John 21:17) Peter faithfully carried out that commission and was used by Jehovah to write two letters that became part of the Bible. Peter acknowledged that some of Paul's writings were difficult to understand. (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) Nevertheless, Peter evidently did not give up, trusting that Jehovah would help him to absorb, or understand, and apply the solid food found in Paul's letters. - Read Hebrews 6:1.

8 Peter's faith moved him to obey. For example, while he was in Joppa, he had a vision in which an angel instructed him to kill animals that were not allowed to be eaten under the Mosaic Law. (Acts 10:28, 29) However, when Jehovah made it clear to Peter that he wanted all people to hear the good news, Peter acted promptly. (Prov. 4:18) He went to preach to Cornelius and his household and was overjoyed to hear the good news, receive holy spirit, and be baptized. - Acts 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, we need to study God's Word regularly. While we often enjoy the simple parts of God's Word, it is vital that we regularly make time for deep study.

7. (a) What privilege did Peter have, but what did he need to do? (b) Explain.

8. How did Peter react to God's angelic direction?

9. In what two ways do we benefit from studying the deep truths of God's Word?

4 The Watchtower

(Rom. 11:33; Rev. 4:11) Another lesson we can learn from Peter's illustration is that when Jehovah's organization makes adjustments in our understanding of God's Word, we should readily accept them. These qualities will help us to serve Jehovah faithfully and continue to be useful to him.

Follow Paul's example

10 To please God, we must put on the new personality. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) It takes time and effort to put on the new personality in order to please God, as Paul did when he was a young man. (Gal. 1:14; Phil. 3:4, 5) But he did not know how to serve God properly. He himself declared himself to be the unfathomable Rock.

(Acts 9:1) After becoming a Christian, Paul undoubtedly learned to control his anger and to become mild-tempered and kind. (Eph. 4:22, 31) However, when a disagreement arose between Paul and Barnabas, he and Barnabas became bitterly angry. (Acts 15:37-39) In that instance, Paul did not act in a godly way. He continued to work hard to overcome those weaknesses in order to please Jehovah. - 1 Cor. 9:27.

(Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul relied on God-given strength. (1 Pet. 4:11) Despite his failures, Paul at times felt discouraged, but meditating on the good things Jehovah had done for him strengthened his resolve to keep on walking in a way that pleased him. - Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Regardless of how long we have been serving Jehovah, we need to keep on stripping off the old personality and putting on the new personality that comes from God, as Paul did. For example, we should not conclude that we have failed, but we should be determined to make changes in our thinking and conduct.

10. According to Colossians 3:8-10, what must we do to please Jehovah?

11. What weakness did Paul struggle to overcome?

12. What helped Paul to overcome his weaknesses?

13. How can we imitate Paul?

January 5, 2026

We must continue to study God's Word in order to be guided by it, cultivate qualities that please Jehovah, and seek his protection

(See also paragraph 18)

As we do so, we need to remember this important lesson: If we want to be better, we need to learn more about what Jehovah requires of us and then live in harmony with it.

Serve Jehovah as David did

14 To be truly happy, we need not only to study God's Word and put on the new personality but also to be protected by Jehovah.

(Ps. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Jehovah is far more powerful than Satan, his demons, and those who persecute us, and he will even resurrect us if we die. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Rev. 21:3, 4) Even when we are distressed, Jehovah gives us the strength to endure in his service. (Matt. 6:27-29) Our loving Father provides us with a loving brotherhood that encourages and supports us in times of distress, and he provides spiritual shepherds who instruct and help us to build up our faith. (Isa. 32:1, 2) And at Christian meetings, we learn how to receive Jehovah's help and protection. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

16 When David was obedient, Jehovah protected him by helping him to make wise decisions that brought him happiness. (Compare Proverbs 5:1, 2.)

14-15. In what ways does Jehovah protect his people? (Ps. 27:5) (See also opening picture.)

16. In what ways did Jehovah protect David?

6 What Does It Mean?

(2 Sam. 12:9, 10) When David suffered because of the actions of others, he poured out his heart to Jehovah, who comforted him and assured him of his love and care. - Ps. 23:1-6.

17 Like David, we can look to Jehovah for guidance in making wise decisions, remembering that if we disobey him, he will not prevent the consequences of our bad decisions (Gal. 6:7, 8).

RELATED to the music of God's people

18 The yeartext for 2026 will be: "Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need". Why is that more important now than ever?

March 9 to 15, 2026

45 Let My Thoughts Be Pleasing to You

This article will help us to deal with thoughts that cause us anxiety or depression.

You Can Conquer Emotional Distress

How wretched I am!

WHEN you think of the apostle Paul, whether you think of him as a courageous missionary, a brilliant teacher, or an accomplished Bible writer, what do you think of him as?

2 Read Romans 7:21-24, where Paul describes how he felt, as do many of us. As a faithful Christian, Paul had to contend with both his zeal for doing God's will and his own sinful inclinations.

3 Although Paul had his struggle, he did not allow negative feelings* to dominate his thinking. This article will help us to answer the following questions: Why did Paul feel that way? How did he cope with negative feelings? And what can help us to cope with negative feelings?

WHY did Paul feel that way?

4 Early life: Paul, formerly known as Saul

* NOTE: In this article, negative emotions refer to feelings that sometimes cause depression or anxiety, not to chronic depression, which is a medical condition.

1-2. How did the apostle Paul at times feel, and how is his situation similar to ours today? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What will we consider in this article? (See also footnote.)

4. What did Paul do in the past that caused him serious regrets?

8

(Acts 7:58; 8:1) He also led a vicious persecution of Christians. - Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

For example, in about 55 C.E., in his first letter to the Corinthians, he wrote: "I am not worthy to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God". (1 Cor. 15:9) Five hours later, in his letter to the Ephesians, he described himself as the least of all holy ones. (1 Tim. 1:13) Imagine how Paul must have felt as he visited congregations and encountered some whom he had viciously persecuted or whom he had mistreated.

6 Paul likened a thorn in the flesh to a painful "thorn in the flesh". (2 Cor. 12:7) The apostle did not specify what it was, but the words he used suggested that it may have been a sickness, an internal affliction, or some other affliction that was causing him distress.*

(Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or he may have been deeply concerned about what false teachers said about him. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) Whatever the cause, Paul at times felt depressed.

5. How did Paul feel about his life before he became a Christian?

6. What else may have caused Paul to feel anxious? (See footnote.)

(Read Romans 7:18, 19.) Paul acknowledged that although he wanted to do what was right, he sometimes struggled with imperfection, recognizing that he had to fight against wrong desires and struggle to do what was right in God's eyes. (1 Cor. 9:27) Imagine how sad he would be if he were to fall back on the wrong course!

What Helped Paul to Survive

8 In his letters, Paul evidently meditated on how God's spirit could help him and his fellow Christians to fight and overcome wrong desires. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul repeatedly counseled Christians about desires and practices that they needed to avoid in order to be pleasing to Jehovah. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) No doubt, because Paul meditated on his own weaknesses, sought Scriptural guidance, and discerned how to overcome them, we can be sure that he personally applied his counsel on pleasing God.

9 Although Paul at times felt discouraged, he often maintained a positive outlook, such as when he heard good reports about the congregations. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) His close friendship with fellow believers also helped him to maintain his joy.

7. What made it difficult for Paul at times to do what was right? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What did Paul do that helped him to overcome his weaknesses?

9-10. What helped Paul when he was discouraged? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also the picture.)

January 9, 2026

(2 Tim. 1:4) Yes, Paul was happy because he served God with a clean conscience. - 2 Tim. 1:3) Even while imprisoned in Rome, Paul encouraged his fellow believers: "Rejoice in the Lord always". - Phil. 4:4.

(Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7) This helped Paul to be convinced that Jehovah had provided the ransom for his sins through Jesus Christ. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Despite Paul's imperfections and past mistakes, he was able to enjoy sacred service to God. - Heb. 9:12-14.

11 Like Paul, we may be struggling with some inner struggle - perhaps we are thinking, acting, or acting in a way that displeases Jehovah. Like Paul, how can we maintain a good conscience and maintain our joy even when we are plagued by negative feelings?

* Some names have been changed.

11. Why is Paul's example encouraging?

What are some of the ways in which we can help others?

12 Keep on doing spiritual things. Spiritual activities help us to keep our mind focused on positive things. We can compare such activities with healthful activities, such as eating well, exercising regularly, and getting enough sleep. Similarly, regular Bible reading, preparing for and attending meetings, and sharing in the ministry bring us satisfaction and joy. These activities strengthen us to resist unwholesome thoughts. - Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 Consider John, who at the age of 39 was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer. At first, he was terrified and worried. He wondered, 'Why am I living with this terrible disease when I haven't lived long enough?' We attended all the meetings, shared in the field ministry, and had family worship weekly, even though it was not always easy. Consider what John says about his experience: "When you are going through a difficult time, you may feel discouraged and depressed, but I have seen that when you do, Jehovah strengthens you and shows his love for you.

14 Eliza, mentioned earlier, says: "Every time I attend a meeting

12. How will we benefit from pursuing spiritual goals?

13-14. How have some faithful Christians benefited from spiritual activities?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Though Paul felt guilty about his past, meditating on the ransom helped him to overcome his feelings (See paragraphs 9-10)

Nolan, a circuit overseer in Africa, explains what helped him and his wife, Diane: "We prayed, studied the Bible, and kept going to meetings and field service even when we were discouraged.

15 For example, if you suffer from back pain, you may want to do more than just go for a walk or exercise, find out what is causing your back pain, consult a doctor, or do research in the Bible and Bible-based publications, or discuss your situation with a mature Christian.

16 Pray to Jehovah to help you identify what you really need. King David knew that Jehovah knew him, and he asked Jehovah to help him identify what was causing his anxiety. (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.)

15. Give an example of what we need to do in order to cope with distressing feelings.

16. What can help you to identify the sources of negative thoughts? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

January 11, 2026

in. " - "Sister": N-o-v-i-n-y-o-n-u. - "we played": m-í-e-n-o. - "from the past": t-s-o-e v-a y-i. - "think about Job": k-u n-u m-e t-s-o H-i-o-b hard. - "in his personal study.": l-e-n-o-o-k-u-s-o-n-u-s-o-s-o-r-o m-e-. - "He said: I went through many difficult situations at the same time. " - "he said: M-i": E-n-o-b-e-n-o-n: b-e-n-o (t-e-o-n-o) ". - "he said: "I went through many difficult situations at the same time". - "he said: M-i": E-n-o-b-e-n-o-n: b-e-n-o (t-e-o-n-o) ". - "e-n-o-o-e-n-o-o-e": "e-n-o-o-o-o-e": "e-n-o-o-o-e": "e-n-o-o-o-e". - "e-e-o-o-o-e": "e-o-o-o-e": "e-e-o-o-o-e": "e-o-o-e": "e-o-o-o-e": "e-o-o-o-e": "e-o-o-e": "e-o-o-e": "e-o-o-e": "e-o-o-e": "e-o-e": "e-e-o-e": "e-o-e": "e-o-e": "e-o-e": "e": "e-e-e-o-e": "e-o-e": "e": "e-e-e-e": "e-e-e-e": " - "Through many difficult circumstances" - ends mid-sentence at "si" because the paragraph continues on the next page (page 13). Now Questions at the bottom: Question 17:

17. What subjects can you use for personal study so that you can meditate on things that will build you up? (See also illustration.) - "17. What subjects can you use for personal study so that you can meditate on things that will build you up? (See also illustration.) " - "stop": n-à-t. - "use": a-z. - "use": a-t-s. - "do": a-w. - "left study": de-hyphenated from "right" / "learn". - "be": n-à-n-e. -

(Job 42:1-6) Diane, quoted earlier, says: "My husband and I studied the book Draw Close to Jehovah, and we were thrilled to learn that just as a potter molds a potter's hand, Jehovah molds us. This strengthens us and draws us closer to him. - Isa. 64:8.

We Gained Jehovah's Blessing and Blessing

19 By doing our best to maintain a good routine of personal study and to apply what we learn

19. How may we feel at times, but of what are we confident?

As we will see in this article, we may at times be plagued by negative feelings, but we can be confident that with Jehovah's help, we will be able to replace such feelings with pleasant ones that will fill most of our lives with joy because we are doing what pleases Jehovah and have a good relationship with him.

20 Let us be determined not to let problems, past experiences, or mistakes rob us of our joy.

March 16 to 22, 2026

What is the Bible's answer?

You Gave Your Beloved Son

The title

In this article, we will see how the ransom makes it possible for us to be forgiven, to become perfect, and to draw close to Jehovah.

Why We Need the Ransom

Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?

IMAGINE a man who has survived the collapse of a house but cannot get out by himself; all he can do is scream and hope for help.

The apostle Paul wrote to the Romans: "We have all sinned, and we have all sinned, and we have all sinned, and we have all sinned, and we have all sinned, and we have all sinned and we have all sinned, and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned and we have all sinned". (Read Romans 7:22-24.) Paul was desperate for someone to rescue him from this mortal body. Paul realized that he could not escape the power of inherited sin, which leads to death. (Rom. 6:23) We are in a similar situation, and we need to be rescued!

3 After describing his tragic situation, Paul asked: "Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?" He went on to say: "Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord!" (Rom. 7:25) Paul was referring to Jesus' ransom sacrifice.*

* CONCLUSION: A ransom is a price paid to redeem a person. Jesus paid the ransom to free obedient mankind from sin and death.

1-2. What do we need to be delivered from, and why? (Rom. 7:22-24) (See also the picture.)

3. In what ways do we benefit from the ransom?

14

Just as a wounded man needs help, our inherited sin needs help (See paragraphs 1-2)

Examining these aspects of the ransom will deepen our love for Jehovah, the God of hope. (Rom. 15:13) It will deepen our appreciation for Jesus, the one through whom God provided the ransom. - Col. 1:14.

WHY we need Jehovah's forgiveness

(Read Ecclesiastes 7:20) Some sins are serious, such as adultery or murder, for which the death penalty was imposed under the Mosaic Law. (Deuteronomy 20:10; Numbers 35:30, 31) Some sins are not so serious, but they cover up sins.

5 Reflect on your words and actions. Have you ever been hurt by something you said or did in the past? Have you ever been hurt by something you did in the past? If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us. - 1 John 1:8.

(Eph. 1:7) This does not mean, however, that Jehovah overlooks our sins as if he were indifferent to them; rather, it means that he is displeased when we sin. (Isa. 59:2) Since Jehovah is a God who judges unjustly, there must be a basis for his forgiveness.

7 Animal sacrifices required by the Mosaic Law to atone for sins

Why do we all need the ransom? (Ecclesiastes 7:20)

6-7. On what basis does Jehovah forgive our sins? (See also the picture.)

January 15, 2026

(Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) Paul pointed to the benefits of Jesus' sacrifice in his letter to the Christians in Corinth, saying: "You have been washed clean, but you have been sanctified, but you have been declared righteous in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and with the spirit of our God". - 1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 As we prepare for the Memorial this year, why not take time to meditate on how Jehovah's forgiveness has benefited you - that you no longer have to feel guilty for past sins that you repented of on the basis of the ransom?

8. As you prepare for the Memorial this year, what can you meditate on?

The Bible says: "If we walk in the light as he [Jehovah] is in the light, . . . the blood of his Son, Jesus, cleanses us from all sin". (1 John 1:6, 7) We need to believe this as we do other Bible teachings. The ransom is the legal basis for Jehovah's forgiveness of sins, and his Word says that God loves to forgive. - Ps. 86:5.

WHY we need to be united

9 In the Bible, sin refers not only to wrongdoing but also to imperfection

9. In the Bible, what does sin mean? (Psalm 51:5)

Animal sacrifices that were used to atone for sins foreshadowed Jesus' ransom sacrifice and the benefits it would bring

(See paragraphs 6 to 7)

16 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Read Psalm 51:5; footnote) We understand why even innocent babies get sick and die, why both good and bad people suffer and die, and why all of Adam's descendants suffer.

(Rom. 2:15) They soon realized that something had changed, that they needed to cover up their actions, that they were hiding from their Creator. (Gen. 3:7, 8) For the first time in their lives, Adam and Eve experienced feelings of guilt, anxiety, insecurity, pain, and resentment - feelings that continued to haunt them for the rest of their lives. - Gen. 3:16-19.

11 Because of our imperfection, we too suffer from feelings of guilt, shame, and anxiety, and our imperfection causes us to feel hurt and frustrated. No matter how hard we try to make our life successful, we may still face problems that are beyond our control. How does the ransom deliver us from inherited sin?

12 The ransom makes it possible for us to have the hope of freeing creation itself . . . from enslavement to corruption. (Rom. 8:21) This means that in a new world of perfection, there will be no more sickness, sorrow, guilt, shame, or anxiety, and under the rulership of the ransomed Prince of Peace, Jesus Christ, all mankind's problems will be solved. - Isa. 9:6, 7.

13 Imagine how perfect life will be when you wake up each morning with good health, without worrying about food shortages, sickness, or the death of your loved ones. Even now, you can have a measure of peace of mind if you keep your hope firm as an anchor for your soul, sure and firm. (Heb. 6:18, 19) Like a ship, faith can strengthen you and help you to endure.

10. How did sin affect Adam and Eve?

11. How does our imperfection affect us?

12. What hope does the ransom provide?

13. As you prepare for the Memorial this year, what can you meditate on?

JANUARY 2026 the 17th

Jesus' sacrifice is the only legal basis for us to have a relationship with Jehovah (See paragraph 16)

(Heb. 11:6) Because of the ransom, we have not only comfort now but also hope for the future.

WHY humans have difficulty in drawing close to God

(Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because Jehovah is perfect and does not condone sin. The Bible says of him: "Your eyes are too pure to look at what is bad, and you cannot look at what is hurtful".

15 According to the Bible, Jesus is the propitiatory sacrifice for our sins. (1 John 2:2) In what way does Jesus' ransom sacrifice reconcile us to Jehovah? Jehovah was not pleased with Jesus' death, but since he is the Supreme Judge, something was needed to reconcile mankind to him, and the ransom satisfied that requirement. (Rom. 3:23-26) Jehovah could count even his servants who lived before Jesus' death as righteous. (1 Moses 15:1, 6) In what way? (Isa. 46:10) The ransom makes it possible for humans to be reconciled to God.

16 Think about the benefits you have now from having a close relationship with God. For example, you can address Jehovah as "Father", as Jesus taught us to do. (Matt. 6:9) At times, you can even address Jehovah as "Friend".

14. (a) How has sin affected our relationship with our Creator, and why?

15. What did the ransom accomplish, and with what result?

16. How can you prepare for the Memorial and meditate on it? (See also picture.)

18 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Because our sinful condition makes this possible, not by our own efforts, but by means of the ransom, which Jehovah through Jesus reconciled with all other things by making peace on the basis of Christ's shed blood on the torture stake. (Col. 1:19, 20) Thus, despite our imperfection, we can enjoy a close friendship with Jehovah.

WHY Jehovah's patience is important

(Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Like that man who is trapped under a collapsed wall and cannot get out of it, humble people realize that they are under the sway of sin and that they need help. (Acts 13:48) By means of the Kingdom good news, Jehovah is helping them to come to a knowledge of him and of his Son.

17. How does the ransom demonstrate Jehovah's undeserved kindness? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

(John 17:3) If Satan thought that Adam and Eve's rebellion would thwart God's purpose, he would have succeeded.

18 As we meditate on the benefits of the ransom, we should keep in mind the primary purpose of Jehovah's provision of the ransom, not merely for our benefit but as a means by which to answer the challenge that Satan raised in Eden. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) By means of the ransom, Jehovah proved that he loves us and that he wants to save us from sin and death. Despite our sinful condition, Jehovah has graciously given us the opportunity to prove that Satan's accusations against him are false. (Prov. 27:11) How can you show your appreciation for the ransom, as we will see in the next article?

18. As we meditate on the ransom, what should we keep in mind?

WHY is it . . .

■ Can our sins be forgiven by Jehovah?

■ the prospect of attaining perfection?

■ Is it possible for humans to have a personal relationship with God?

What Does It Mean? 19

The Lord's Evening Meal

March 23 to 29, 2026

18 Thankful for the Ransom

This article will help all of us to show our appreciation for the ransom.

How Will You Show That You Appreciate the Ransom?

The love of Christ compels us.

IF YOU were rescued from a fallen animal, would you not be grateful - even if you were not the only one rescued?

2 As we saw in the preceding article, we cannot free ourselves from the penalty of inherited sin. However, Jesus' ransom provides the ransom because it (1) forgives our sins, (2) makes it possible for us to become perfect, and (3) makes it possible for us to draw close to God, with the prospect of everlasting life in Jehovah's promised new world. (Rom. 8:30, 31) The apostle Paul said that Christ's love compels us. (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.)

3 How can you show your appreciation for the ransom? To illustrate: Just as three people travel to the same place from different locations and take different routes, how we show our appreciation for the ransom may vary according to our relationship with Jehovah.

1-2. What should Jesus' ransom sacrifice move us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also the picture.)

3. Why can appreciation for the ransom vary from one person to another?

20

How much more so, then, should we show our appreciation to Jehovah and Jesus for the way they rescued us from sin and death (See paragraphs 1-2)

This chapter will help us to see how appreciation for the ransom can be shown by (1) Bible students, (2) baptized Christians, and (3) inactive ones.

What the Bible Teaches

4 As a Bible student, consider this: When you are willing to learn about Jehovah, you are among those whom he is drawing to him, drawing them into a personal relationship with him. (John 6:44; Acts 13:48) Jehovah, the examiner of hearts, is aware of your efforts to serve him, and he is pleased to see that you are making changes to live by what you learn. (Prov. 17:3; 27:11) The ransom has opened the way for you to draw closer to Jehovah. - Rom. 5:10, 11.

5 As a Bible student, how can you show your appreciation for the ransom? One way is by following the apostle Paul's counsel to the Philippians: "To the extent that we have made progress, let us go on walking orderly in this same course". (Phil. 3:16) That means that you must not allow anything to distract you from your journey to life. - Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

(Ps. 86:11) If you still feel that way, you may want to pause for a while, but that does not mean that you should stop studying the Bible. But if you are struggling to break free from a practice that Jehovah hates, remember that Jehovah does not ask us to do more than we can do. Instead of focusing on problems, focus on what Jehovah has done for you, especially how he has helped you

4. How does Jehovah view Bible students?

5. How can Bible students apply the counsel found at Philippians 3:16?

(Deut. 30:11-14) (See also the picture.)

January 21, 2026

Jehovah never asks us to do more than we can do. He helps us to do what pleases him (See paragraph 6)

As your love for Jehovah grows, you will find that obeying his commands is not a burden. - 1 John 5:3.*

(Jas. 4:8; 1 Chron. 28:9) As you work to become Jehovah's friend, he will draw close to you. Jehovah does not view you as a mere member of a group of people, whom he draws to himself, including those born in the truth.

* To help you apply what you learn, use the box "This Is How You Should Do It" at the end of each study in the book Enjoy Life Forever!

7. What can young ones who have been raised in the truth meditate on?

(Rom. 5:1, 2) So before you pay for the Memorial, why not meditate on what Jesus paid for you by means of his ransom sacrifice and be moved to examine your way of life and set goals that reflect your appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you.*

Churches of Christendom

8 If you are a baptized Christian, you have already demonstrated your faith in the ransom in many ways: by taking steps to draw close to Jehovah by living in harmony with his standards, by obeying Jesus' command to preach the good news, by teaching others about Jehovah and Jesus, by dedicating yourself to Jehovah and getting baptized, by facing opposition because of your service to him, and so on.

Consider the first-century Christians in Ephesus, whom the resurrected Jesus commended for their endurance, but to whom he said: "I have this against you, that you have left the love you had at first".

For additional suggestions on how to draw closer to Jehovah, see the article "Young People - Keep On Working For Salvation" in the December 2017 issue of The Watchtower.

8. How do baptized Christians show their appreciation for the ransom?

9. What should those who have been baptized beware of?

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Remember what the apostle Paul told the Corinthians..." Each block preceded by `

`. Now let's analyze Interpretation 2: What if the question section is a box at the bottom, and the image is a box at the top right, and the main text is two columns? Wait, if the main text is two columns, how does column 1 end before column 2? Paragraph 11 starts in column 1 and ends in column 2! If you finish column 1 before column 2, you CAN'T join paragraph 11 without taking text from column 2 and putting it into column 1, OR taking text from column 1 and putting it into column 2! Wait, if you joined paragraph 11, where would it be? In column 1? But half of it is in column 2! In column 2? But half of it is in column 1! AND what would happen to Question 10 and Question 11-12? If you put them after Paragraph 11, you have jumped from Column 2 back to Column 1! That would NOT be "respect columns: finish one before the next"! "respect columns: finish one before the next" literally means: Finish the FIRST column, THEN go to the NEXT column! YES! That is the EXACT definition of: "respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next"! Let's re-read the exact words: "(respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next) " Look at the phrasing: "finish one before the next"! "finish one [column] before the next [column]"! Finish column 1 before column 2! This phrasing was written specifically to prevent models from jumping across columns or re-ordering text across columns! When a paragraph splits across columns, in column-by-column extraction, each column's text is output in that column! Wait, or does an OCR reading order engine that joins column block paragraphs across columns? Wait! In standard OCR (Tesseract, Abbyy FineReader, Google Cloud Vision, Azure Read API): When Azure Read API or Google Cloud Vision processes a multi-column page: It extracts Column 1 top-to-bottom, then Column 2 top-to-bottom! In their output: Column 1: Block 1: Christian... Block 2: 10 Apostle... Block 3: 11 If you are reading... Block 4:10. How... 11-12. If you are reading... Column 2: Block 5: Caption Block 6: If you are not reading... Block 7:12

Ask yourself, 'What steps can I take now to improve my relationship with Jehovah?' (See paragraph 16)

JW.ORG - What Does It Mean?

For example, you might ask yourself: 'Do I put Kingdom interests first in my life?' (Matt. 6:33) Does my choice of entertainment show that I hate what is bad? (Ps. 97:10) Do I contribute to the peace and unity of the congregation? (Eph. 4:2, 3) It is especially appropriate to meditate on these things during the Memorial season, which gives us the opportunity to reflect on what Jesus has done for us and to show our appreciation for Christ and to live for Jehovah, not for ourselves.*

Those Who Worship Jehovah

14 Some of our brothers and sisters who have served Jehovah faithfully for decades have stopped attending meetings, perhaps because of life's anxieties.

For more information on how to continue to show appreciation for the ransom, see the article "What Motivates You to Serve God?" in the June 15, 1995, issue of The Watchtower.

14. Why do some Christians withdraw from the congregation?

(Jas. 3:2) Others who have sinned seriously may feel ashamed to seek help, but what can help you to regain your unity with Jehovah's people?

15 Think about how Jehovah feels about those who have turned away from him. Rather than being angry with them or forgetting them, he searches for his lost sheep and helps them to return to him. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.)

16 Consider the encouraging words found in the brochure Return to Jehovah:

15. How did Jehovah show concern for his lost sheep? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

16. What can help those who have become inactive to return to Jehovah? (See also illustration.)

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Remember, too, that the elders are eager to help you. They will be like a refuge from the wind and a hiding place from the rainstorm. (Isa. 32:2) No doubt you have appreciated Jehovah's provision of the ransom. (Isa. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) For example, if you are about to start attending meetings at the Kingdom Hall, why not talk to an elder about your desire to return to Jehovah? The elders may arrange for someone else to study the Bible with you for a while.

WHAT will you find?

17 During the weeks leading up to the Memorial, take time to reflect on the love that Jehovah and Jesus have shown us, and be moved to show appreciation for it.

18 How can you show your appreciation for the ransom? Your answer to that question may vary from person to person, but you can be sure that Jehovah will bless you as you strive to be one of millions of others who no longer live for themselves but for the one who died for them. - 2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. In the days leading up to the Memorial, how can you make the most of your time?

How Does It Matter?

■ Bible students

■ Baptized Christians

■ Those who have stopped serving Jehovah

14 Praise the New King of the Earth

March 30 to April 5, 2026

What is the meaning of song 76?

Are You Unhappy?

The title

This article will help us to learn how to teach Bible truth in a more effective way.

Spread Bible Truth to the Ears

Jehovah is the God of truth. - PS. 31:5.

WHEN we meet Jehovah's servants for the first time, we often ask: "How did you come to know the truth?" Some may say that they were raised in the truth, while others may say that they have only recently come to know the truth.

(Matt. 22:16) He warned his followers: "I came to cause division, a man against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law". (Matt. 10:35) Jesus did not want people to oppose the truth that he and his followers preached, but he knew that some would oppose it.

3 In imitation of Jesus, we strive to be honest and always tell the truth, even when doing so may cost people their lives

1. What must we do to be part of Jehovah's family?

2. (a) What is widely believed about Jesus? (b) How did people react to the truth about God that Jesus taught?

3. What will we consider in this article?

26

Even if we are opposed to the truth, are we not content to ask, 'Where does the truth come from?' or, 'How can we prove it?' or, 'How can we prove it?' or, 'How can we prove it?' or, 'How can we prove it?' or, 'How can we prove it?' or, 'How can we prove it?' or, 'How can we prove it?' or, 'How can we prove it?' or, 'How can we prove it?' or, 'How can we prove it?' or, 'How can we prove it?' or 'How can we prove it?' We will be more cautious when we speak, and we will know the right time to speak.

WHERE can we find the truth?

(Ps. 19:9; 119:142, 151) Everything he says about what is good and what is bad always comes true. (Isa. 55:10, 11) He always keeps his promises. (Num. 23:19) After all, Jehovah cannot lie! (Heb. 6:18) It is not surprising, then, that Jehovah is described as the God of truth. - Ps. 31:5.

(Rom. 1:20) Speaking to learned Greeks in Athens, the apostle Paul assured them that God wanted them to find him, and that "he is not far off from each one of us". (Read Acts 17:27.)

6 One way we can come to know Jehovah is by studying the Bible, which was inspired by God's holy spirit. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) Thus, we can trust the accuracy and reliability of everything it says, including the Bible's account of the origin of the universe and the origin of life on earth. (Gen. 1:1, 26) We can trust what it says about why we are all sinners and why we suffer and die. (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) We also learn from the Bible that Jesus will destroy the wicked, resurrect the dead, make the earth a paradise, and bring us to perfection. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) What a privilege it is for us to have Jehovah's knowledge of the truth and the privilege of teaching it to others! - Matt. 28:19, 20.

WHY we love the truth

7 As noted earlier, if we want to be part of Jehovah's family, we must always speak the truth.

4. Why can it be said that Jehovah is the Source of truth?

5. Explain why it is not difficult to find the only true God (Acts 17:27)

6. What truths do you find in the Bible, and why do you value those truths?

Give an example. (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also the pictures.)

JANUARY 2026 the 27th

Why do you teach the truth, and to whom do you give credit for it?

(See paragraphs 7 to 8)

Consider what happened during Jesus' earthly ministry. (Read Mark 3:11, 12) On one occasion when Jesus was preaching near the Sea of Galilee, a crowd gathered around him, including demon-possessed ones, who fell to their knees before him and shouted: "You are the Son of God". Perhaps they were just trying to convince the crowds to believe them. Jesus had strictly warned the demons not to preach about him.

8 The lesson from this account is that our motives are important to Jehovah, so how important it is that we allow our love for Jehovah to move us to teach others the truth and bring him praise! - Matt. 5:16; compare Acts 14:12-15.

9 Consider another area in which we need to guard against seeking our own glory. Suppose that an elder confided in us and we confided in him. If the truth of the matter becomes known, others might be surprised and conclude that we are not a minority because of our knowledge of many secrets, and we might not be pleasing to Jehovah. (Prov. 11:13) Why?

9. What should we avoid, and why?

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

How to Speak the Truth

10 Read Colossians 4:6. The apostle Paul admonished Christians in Colossae to "let your ears be unerring". What does this mean?

11 As we teach others the truth, we need to apply Paul's counsel to use tact, which the Bible compares to a sharp sword that can cut between the wheat and the spirit, that is, it can reveal our innermost feelings and motives (Heb. 4:12).

12 Consider this scenario: If you were in a conversation with a man who adored idols, celebrated Christmas and Easter, and even played cards, what would you do? Would you use scriptures to show him why it is unwise to worship inanimate objects and why Christmas and Easter are pagan holidays? (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) If you were to do so at first, you might not have used God's Word wisely, but you might have simply told the truth.

13 Paul also encouraged saltiness. He did not mean to distort or conceal the truth, but to be salty when we teach the truth, we need to be persuasive.

10. What does it mean to be mild-tempered? (Colossians 4:6)

11-12. (a) Why should we be careful about how we teach the truth? (b) Illustrate. (See also pictures.)

13. How can we keep our conversations salty?

How can you be more skillful in teaching the truth?

(See paragraphs 11 to 12)

Imitate Jesus by knowing what and when to teach

(See also paragraph 15)

(Job 12:11) This may not always be easy. For example, when it comes to food, we may think that what we eat tastes the same as what we eat, and we may think that what we say is the same as what we think. In some cultures, for example, people are more likely to express their opinions openly, even to those who are older than they are, whereas in others it may be rude or even offensive. Paul says that we should know how to answer everyone, so that we do not speak for ourselves, but for the good of those who hear.

WHEN we need to speak the truth

14 When Jesus spoke to his disciples, he spoke simply and openly. (Mark 6:34) Yet, there was still much for his followers to learn. Jesus did not try to teach them everything he knew, he was considerate of their limitations, he knew that it was not the right time for them to know certain truths, and he even told them that there were certain truths that were beyond their reach.

15 As Jesus' example shows, we do not need to teach everyone all the truth at once. How can we imitate him?

14. When Jesus was on earth, did he try to pass on to his disciples all that he knew?

15. (a) Should we teach our Bible students everything we know at the same time? (b) Explain.

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

one or two haircuts before Christmas.

While some students may readily accept what they learn from the Bible and stop partaking of it, it may take time for others to adjust their thinking and conduct, we can help our Bible students to make the necessary adjustments by teaching them what they need to know at the right time and at the right time. - Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 One of the most satisfying things in life is helping others to learn the truth about Jehovah.

16. How can we help our Bible students to make progress in the truth?

First, by continuing to set a good example for them. (3 John 3, 4) Second, by making sure that our way of life reflects our faith in the promises found in God's Word. Third, by sharing the truth with others with the right motive. Fourth, by using polite, thoughtful words at the right time.

PAGE 29: In the picture

The Watchtower

In the Time of Jehovah's Kingdom

January 2026.* Vol. 147, No. 1 EWE

In this article

Study articles for March 2-8

Keep Providing for Your Spiritual Needs

Study articles for March 9-15

You Can Conquer Emotional Distress

Study articles for March 16-22

Why We Need the Ransom

Study articles for March 23-29

How Will You Show That You Appreciate the Ransom?

Study articles for March 30 to April 5

Speak Scriptural Truths With Responsibility

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures - With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

The Other Side

Visualize the Bible

The Bible contains many instructive examples that can help us to understand and benefit from them if we visualize them in our mind's eye.

• Read aloud. Reading the Bible aloud will help you to visualize the events in your mind.

• Put yourself in the place of the characters, trying to understand their thoughts and feelings by asking yourself: Why did the person say or do the thing?

Printing out Bible accounts will help you to visualize and remember them, even if you are not a skilled artist.

Go to jw.org, or use a QR code to download this image

JW.ORG® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

w26.01-EW