JUNE 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

What is the Bible's purpose for mankind?

August 10 to 16, 2026

PS 122 Be Firm and Unmovable!

No matter what trials we face, we can remain loyal to Jehovah.

How Can We Remain Loyal to Jehovah Under Trials?

"Lord, whom shall we go to? You have the words of eternal life.

AS JESUS was teaching many of his disciples in Capernaum, he said to them: "Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you do not have life in yourselves. Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has everlasting life, and I will resurrect him in the last day". (John 6:53, 54) On hearing this, many of his disciples said: "This is a shocking saying; who can accept it?" - John 6:60.

2 Did those deeply distressed ones stop following Jesus because of a lack of faith? No. Jesus had done something earlier that amazed his disciples, so that they said: "This is truly the Prophet that was to come into the world". (John 6:14) Those disciples evidently had faith in Jesus, but when their faith was put to the test, they abandoned him.

3 Jesus asked his apostles, "Do you also want to go with me? " Peter answered", Lord, whom shall we go to? You have the words of eternal life. We have believed and have come to know that you are the Holy One of God.

1-2. What happens while Jesus is teaching in Capernaum?

3. How did the apostles respond to Jesus' words, and why? (See also pictures.)

2

Although many of his disciples turned back, Peter and the other apostles did not go along with Jesus.

(See also paragraph 3)

(John 6:68, 69) Although Peter and the other apostles may not have fully understood what Jesus meant when he said that they should eat his flesh and drink his blood, they were determined to follow him because they were convinced that Jesus was the Christ sent by God. - Luke 9:20, 35.

4 Our integrity to Jehovah may be tested in situations that involve our understanding of certain Bible texts or our share in the preaching work, our reaction to adjustments in the way we view theocratic direction, or we may wonder why Jehovah does not intervene when we are faced with a serious problem, or we may be tested when a fellow Christian who is close to us or whom we respect does something that offends us.

4. What are some of these trials?

5 We need to have strong faith in order to endure trials - unlike a builder who wants to build a house on a place that is prone to earthquakes, which will collapse if the foundation is unstable. Similarly, we need to build up our faith so that we can endure trials, such as those mentioned in the preceding verses.

6 While many of Jesus' disciples abandoned him, the apostles remained faithful because they were convinced that Jehovah, the Creator of all things, deserved to be worshiped and that Jesus was God's Son.

5. Illustrate why we need strong faith. (Colossians 1:23)

6. Why did the apostles not stop following Jesus?

JUNE 2026

3

Instead of discussing all the trials we may face, let us focus on three basic truths that will help us to endure whatever trials we may face: (1) Jehovah created all things; (2) he is the Author of the Bible; and (3) Jehovah supports his people.

JEHOVAH is the Creator of all things

7 Read Revelation 4:11. This fact alone reminds us that Jehovah is the Creator of all things, that he is worthy of our worship, and that he is capable of delivering us from temptation when we reflect on his great power. Otherwise, when faced with a trial, we might begin to doubt that Jehovah exists and that he can help us. - Heb. 11:6.

8 If you are beginning to doubt the existence of creation, do your best to do research in our publications, and you will find abundant evidence of creation in the brochures Was Life Created? and The Origin of LifeFive Questions Worth Asking.

7. What does Revelation 4:11 reveal about Jehovah, but how may we feel when we face trials?

What should you do if you begin to doubt the existence of a Creator? (See also illustrations.)

The stars: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; the fish and the car: Mercedes-Benz USA; the aircraft: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

You may have reviewed the brochure Was Life Created? (See paragraph 8)

A young woman named Jessica, who lives in the United States, says: "When I finished reading the Origin of Life brochure, I was convinced that there was an intelligent Creator.

(Rom. 1:20) You may also be able to use what you learn to help those who have doubts about God's existence, such as those who have doubts about the existence of God, and those who have doubts about the existence of God.

THE Bible is a gift from Jehovah

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. Jehovah inspired the Bible, which provides answers to life's most pressing questions and reveals his will and requirements.

11 Why can we be confident that Jehovah

10. Why is the Bible so important to us? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. What convinces you that the Bible is inspired by God?

(Job 26:7) Satan's efforts to destroy the Bible have been in vain, for no other book on earth has been so widely translated and distributed as the Bible, written by some 40 men over a period of some 1,600 years, and yet its message is consistent. (Josh. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) Moreover, the fulfillment of Bible prophecies is another evidence that we can rely on it. (Josh. 23:14) Clearly, the Bible is inspired by God!

12 What if we have doubts about the Bible's inspiration? We need to talk to Jehovah about our doubts and do diligent research. A young brother named Jordan, who was raised in a Christian household, says: "I do not believe everything I hear.

12. What should we do if we have doubts about the Bible's inspiration?

JUNE 2026

5

Jehovah's people stand out because of the love and unity that unites them (See paragraph 16)

As we continue to examine the evidence that the Bible is inspired by Jehovah, our faith will be strengthened. - 1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

JEHOVAH HATES people today

13 If one of Jehovah's servants were to question whether Jehovah's Witnesses really are the true religion, he would do well to take immediate action. Ask himself the following questions: Who are those who sincerely strive to live by the Bible's standards? Which religion bases all its teachings on the Bible? (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) Who are doing Jehovah's will today? Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 When Jesus foretold that the good news of the Kingdom would be preached in all the inhabited earth during the time of the end, who were doing this work?

13. Even if we begin to doubt the sincerity of Jehovah's Witnesses, what should we do?

14. How have Jehovah's Witnesses been fulfilling Matthew 24:14?

The answer is simple: It is clear that Jehovah's Witnesses are being used by God to accomplish what they have been doing for over 100 years - preaching the good news of God's Kingdom in over 240 lands and territories.

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:10. We are proud to bear the divine name, Jehovah, and to be called Jehovah's Witnesses, a name that most people in the world do not know, but we have restored it to its rightful place in the Bible, where it appears more than 7,000 times in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. Today, the world is filled with hatred and division

15. How have Jehovah's Witnesses contributed to the sanctification of God's name? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Why can it be said that Jehovah's Witnesses obey the command recorded at John 13:34, 35? (See also pictures.)

6 The Watchtower

If so, you have seen in your own life the wonderful love and unity that exist among Jehovah's people today. Thinking about this fact will help us to remain loyal to Jehovah no matter what trials we may face.

What Jehovah Hates

17 We are living in "critical times hard to deal with". (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) In addition, we may be overwhelmed and even confused by unexpected decisions or directions from Jehovah's organization, or we may be overwhelmed by the actions of a fellow believer.

18 We can remain loyal to Jehovah because we recognize him as the Creator, the Author of the Bible, and the Sustainer of his people, and we can say with Peter's words to Jesus: "To whom shall we go?

17-18. What challenges may we face, but of what can we be confident?

PAGE 6 A mother and her daughter are sitting in a bus and are happy to see fellow Witnesses engaged in the preaching work.

If We Need a Gift, How Can We Fulfill It?

■ Jehovah created all things

■ Jehovah inspired the Bible

■ Jehovah supports his people

PS 123 Submit to God's Arrangement

August 17 to 23, 2026

Let Us Encourage One Another

What can we do about misunderstandings or problems with fellow believers?

How to Maintain Peace With Our Brothers

Clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience.

WE ARE deeply grateful that Jehovah has given us true friends in his organization! (Ps. 119:63) We are a loving family united in the worship of Jehovah.

2 Our friendship with our brothers and sisters is not merely a matter of appearances; it is a matter of life and death; it is a matter of love for Jehovah and Jesus, which unites us as a family (John 13:35).

3 Of course, we may find it difficult to associate with others because we have certain personality traits or preferences, or we may find it difficult to associate with others because of differences of opinion or viewpoint, or we may find it difficult to associate with others because of differences of personality or viewpoint, or we may find it difficult to associate with others because of a serious illness or other problems. In this article, we will see how

1. Where can we find good friends? 2. How should we treat our friends in the congregation?

8

But before we do, let us consider some of Jesus' fine qualities that can help us to maintain peaceful relations with our brothers and sisters.

Good Reasons to Be Successful With Our Brothers

For example, the apostle Paul wrote to the Thessalonians: "We made every effort to see you personally". (1 Thess. 2:17) Some have found that face-to-face conversations, such as in the ministry, at Christian meetings, or at meetings, are the most effective means of developing friendships. However, when we have a problem with a fellow believer, it may not be possible to resolve the problem simply by making a promise.

(Read Colossians 3:12.) Just as oil keeps a car running smoothly, good manners help us to resolve conflicts between brothers and sisters. Let us consider three things that can make it difficult to maintain peace with our brothers and sisters: How we can imitate Jesus' humility, patience, kindness, and compassion. This will help us to maintain peace with our brothers and sisters.

When You Have a Conversation

6 What could be the cause of such problems? If two people disagree about a matter, each of them may feel that his or her viewpoint is the right one. For example, if two brothers are organizing a field service group in a different way, each of them may feel that his or her viewpoint is better than the other's.

7 Follow Jesus' example of humility. Jesus taught his disciples that it was a matter of humility to settle disagreements, which had become so ingrained in their minds that they needed to be humble and to view others as superior to them. (Matt. 20:25-28) Even before his death, Jesus set an example for his disciples by humbly washing their feet, a task that was a task for a slave.

4. What can we do to keep our friendships strong?

5. Give an example of what will help us to resolve any disagreements with fellow believers (Colossians 3:12).

6. What problems can arise when disagreements arise?

How did Jesus help his disciples to see the need for humility when disagreeing with one another?

JUNE 9 2026

If you are humble, you will overlook minor differences and freely forgive your brothers and sisters.

(See also paragraph 8)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) In this way, Jesus taught his disciples how to avoid a situation in which they felt that others were superior to them, and how to avoid disagreements.

(Read Colossians 3:13.) Humility will help you to deal with a disagreement and to keep your relationship from deteriorating. (Ps. 4:4) At times, even when we have been hurt by someone's words, we all say or do things that we later regret. (Prov. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself, 'What is more important - my firm conviction that I am right or my friendship?'

(Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Make it your goal not to let things get out of hand, as many brothers and sisters do when it comes to making peace. (Ps. 34:14) Similarly, when approaching a person, you might say something like this: We did not have a good relationship; let that be the end of the matter. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember, you are not there to tell what is good and what is bad

8. How can humility help you to maintain peaceful relations with your brothers and sisters when minor differences arise? (Colossians 3:13) (See also the picture.)

9. How will humility help you if your efforts fail to resolve a dispute? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 The Watchtower

You have come to make peace with each other and to maintain your friendship. - Prov. 18:24.

When to Make a Difference Between Your Family and Friends

10 Problems may arise because of differences in personality traits that we may find difficult to deal with, or because of mistreatment, isolation, or selfishness, or because of the way we are raised or our culture.

11 Imitate Jesus' patience. Jesus was able to cultivate friendships with people of different backgrounds. For example, the patriarch James and the apostle John showed that they were ambitious when they asked Jesus to give them prominent positions in the Kingdom (Mark 10:35-37).

12 Jesus did not expect that his apostles would always be perfect, but he knew that most of his disciples would have the same attitude as James and John. (Mark 9:34) Because of their upbringing and the influence of their environment, Jesus could sympathize with them.

(Prov. 14:29) We all have certain qualities, many of which may not be bad, but which make us different, so we are happy when others do not criticize us personally. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) For example, imagine how difficult it is for a person who is shy or timid to communicate with others, so we need to be patient when others are talkative or sympathetic.* Although we may not be able to form close friendships with everyone, we need to remember that even Christians with differing personalities can work well together.

14 If we are patient, we will be able to look for the good in our brothers and sisters, and we will be able to cultivate friendships with those who have different personalities.

10. What can make it difficult to maintain friendships with fellow believers?

11. What enabled Jesus to make friends with people of different backgrounds?

12. What helped Jesus to be patient with his disciples?

13. How can patience help us to maintain peaceful relations with our brothers and sisters? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. If we are patient, on what will we focus?

JUNE 2026 11th of each month

Good friends comfort and care for one another (See paragraph 19)

When we look for the good in our brothers and sisters, we imitate Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 A vital step in maintaining friendships with brothers and sisters of different backgrounds is to pray for Jehovah's help, asking for patience when you are confronted with a personality trait that may offend you.

When Our Brothers Suffer

16 If our brother is in trouble or in tribulation,

(Job 6:2, 3) We may not know all the details of what our brothers are going through, so we may be inclined to express our feelings or to express our feelings.

For example, a blind man named Bartimaeus, who was sitting on the side of the road and heard that Jesus was passing by, immediately began to cry out for attention. (Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus responded by saying: "I am the resurrection and the life.

15. Who can help us to maintain friendships with brothers of different personalities?

16. What may be the result of tribulation or persecution?

17. What do you learn from the way Jesus helped the blind man Bartimaeus?

12 The Watchtower

Bartimaeus was delighted and commended him for his faith, and his sight was restored.

(Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember, a true friend is always there for those he loves, especially when they are in distress. (Prov. 17:17) Such a friend not only feels compassion for those who are in distress but also comforts them, encourages them, and gives them specific help.

(Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) Listen to your brother's feelings, and if possible, try to use comforting words. (Prov. 12:25) Do not assume that you understand all that he is going through. (Prov. 18:13) Be patient and wait for the best out of him. - Eph. 4:32.

20 Although we are all imperfect and have gone through a painful life, we are grateful when we say or do things that we later regret. When we hurt our brothers and sisters and they ignore us, show patience, compassion, kindness, and persevere in their friendship with us, we rejoice.

20. What kind of friend would you like to have?

18. What can you do to help fellow believers who are suffering? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. How can we show kindness and compassion? (See also pictures.)

PICTURE DESCRIPTION: An elderly brother and a younger brother are observing a certain territory, and later they share in the ministry.

HOW YOU can improve your relationship with your siblings . . .

when you have a disagreement?

your personality differs from that of a fellow believer?

when one of your brothers or sisters is in distress?

Psalm 124 - What Does It Mean to You?

Loyalty to All Times

August 24 to 30, 2026

CHANGES 65 Move On to the Future!

What is included in the study?

How our field service organization helps us.

How the Service Group Program Helps Us

I will praise Jehovah with my whole heart in the congregation of upright ones.

(Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) Perhaps that same day, you were part of a small preaching group that helped us to accomplish the work that Jehovah has given us to do - preach the good news of the Kingdom worldwide. - Matt. 24:14.

2 How do you feel about the various preaching groups that help us to preach the good news? A sister named Wendy* says: "My preaching groups have helped me to learn new ways of preaching, to improve my teaching skills, to set goals, to reach them, and to make many good friends. For example, after the brothers have helped someone to qualify for baptism, the group overseer has the privilege of helping the person to progress spiritually over the years.

* Some names have been changed.

1-2. How do some feel about preaching groups?

14

3 In this article, we will consider how the overseer of a field service group and his assistant help those in their field service group, how each of us can help our field service group, and how our field service group helps us.

WORKING IN THE WORKING CHAIR and his helpers

(Prov. 27:23) As a caring shepherd, he regularly reviews the lives of his flock, making them feel that he loves them and that he is able to help them spiritually. - Prov. 12:25; Isa. 32:2; Jas. 4:8. (Eph. 2:15-17) Second, he encourages each publisher in his group to be more active in the ministry by zealously taking the lead in the field ministry, especially on weekends, by associating with each publisher in the field ministry, and by training him.

* If no elder is present, a qualified ministerial servant may be assigned to oversee the group until an elder is appointed. The ministerial servant is called a ministerial servant because he is not an overseer in the congregation but receives direction from the body of elders in all his activities.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. (a) What is one of the primary responsibilities of a field-group overseer? (b) In what ways does a field-group overseer help the members of his group? (See the box "To Help a Field-Group Overseer".)

Help for Flock Overseers

• Keep the field service meeting short, no longer than seven minutes, so that the brothers can get started in the field ministry as soon as possible.

• Try to work with all in your group in the field ministry, including those who for some reason rarely attend meetings for field service.

• Make regular encouraging visits to members of your group - in their homes, at the Kingdom Hall, or at any other convenient place, by telephone, or by letter.

• Train brothers to take on responsibility in the congregation.

• If your group is organizing field service meetings with other groups, take the lead in the field ministry.

Third, he trains baptized brothers to qualify for responsibility in the congregation. (1 Tim. 3:1) He generously commends the men in his congregation and gives them Scriptural counsel.

JUNE 2026 15

Since the work of the service committee overseer is so important, the elders make sure that a qualified elder is assigned this responsibility.

Jörg, who serves as a circuit overseer in a congregation in Germany, admits: "At times, it is difficult for me to keep up with all the activities and responsibilities in the congregation, so it is difficult for me to communicate with everyone in the congregation". Obed, an elder in Suriname, says: "I love to train, but it takes time and effort, and sometimes it takes a long time to see the benefits.

6 If possible, preaching groups should be kept small so that the group overseer can get to know all the members of the group and help them spiritually.

An elder can train a ministerial servant in a field service group, perhaps by conducting a meeting for the ministry (See paragraph 7)

A group overseer may find it difficult to keep a close eye on a large group of publishers, especially when the focus is on spiritual matters.

7 If you are an overseer of a group in a congregation where there is a shortage of elders, make it your goal to train your helper to help you to shepherd God's flock properly. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.)

5. What challenge do some group overseers face?

6. How do the small field groups help the group overseers?

7. What can group overseers do to help all in their flock? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also the picture.)

16 The Watchtower

(2 Tim. 2:2) In addition, you can ask experienced brothers in your group to help you train others, such as pioneers and experienced brothers, who can work with new and inexperienced ones in the field ministry, who can teach them how to start conversations, how to conduct return visits, and how to conduct Bible studies.

Help to Preach the Good News

(Read Romans 1:12.) If you are not able to share regularly with others in the ministry because of work commitments, you might ask your employer to adjust your work schedule so that he or she understands your situation and accepts your request. (Neh. 2:4-6) If you are unable to walk to meetings because of illness or old age, talk to the overseer of your congregation. If you are a young person who is determined to do so, he may arrange for you to attend the preaching work by means of a zoom and then arrange for you to witness together by telephone or by letter.

(Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) If you do so, you will benefit both yourself and your congregation, so pray to Jehovah to give you love for him and the strength to do so. - Phil. 2:13.

(Read Romans 12:13.) For example, we can arrange for groups of people to meet in our home for a meeting for field service. Some have arranged for a group to share a meal with a visiting speaker, and some have arranged for a meal to encourage one another, even if they are unable to do so. Instead of worrying about the taste of the food, I focus on the brothers and sisters I meet. When we all share in showing hospitality in the field ministry, we draw closer to Jehovah and to one another. - Neh. 8:10; Acts 20:35.

10 Take the initiative. If we are effective in preaching and teaching the good news, we will be happy to share regularly with our preaching team

8. How can you help your preaching group? (Romans 1:12)

9. How can we contribute to the happiness of those with whom we share in the ministry? (Romans 12:13)

10. What can we do if we need to improve in some aspect of our ministry? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also the pictures.)

JUNE 2026 the 17th

The small field service team allows us to get to know the members of the group better and to work with them in the ministry

(See also paragraph 10)

(Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) This is what a shy sister named Heather did: "I asked a pioneer to help me make return visits, and she made arrangements to share regularly with me in the ministry, and she helped me to start a Bible study. I am grateful that I sought help, for I now enjoy my ministry. Clearly, there are many ways we can help our field ministry team.

HOW THE field ministry can help you

For example, Jehovah uses the Service Committee to provide needed encouragement and comfort to widows, orphans, and elderly ones who are precious to him. (1 Thess. 2:8; Jas. 1:27) The circuit overseer can give us encouragement and comfort when we are in distress, and when we share in the ministry with our field service team, we are helped to improve our skills in preaching and teaching the good news, and the service committee trains and helps baptized brothers to take on more responsibility in the congregation. - 1 Tim. 3:10.

12 Consider the experience of Wendy, mentioned earlier: "Because my father was so opposed to the truth, it was often difficult for my mother to join a field service group on weekends, but I was able to do so. An older pioneer sister, who treated me like her own daughter, trained me well in the ministry.

(Phil. 1:27) Also, the small size of the preaching groups can make it difficult for a shy or socially awkward person to get along with others in the field ministry.

11-12. What spiritual help do we receive from the field service group arrangement?

13. How does the field service team help us to be united? (See also opening picture.)

18 The Watchtower

(2 Cor. 6:13) Even during difficult times, such as when we are sick, depressed, or grieving the loss of a loved one, such friends can be a source of strength.* (1 Thess. 5:14) We know that we need the support of friends not only now but even more so in the future. (Matt. 24:21) Even though our trials may not be easy to overcome, we know that our brothers and sisters are there for us and will help us to endure. - Prov. 17:17.

14 When disasters occur, sickness strikes, illness strikes, opposition is felt, or financial difficulties arise, the members of our field service team come to our aid. When such events occur, the Service Committee in each congregation meets with the group overseers to determine how best to care for those in need. The group overseers take the lead in making sure that every member of our group is available and that they are able to provide medical care, food, water, shelter, and clothing.

(Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) Jehovah's servants, both in heaven and on earth, are deeply concerned that the good news of God's Kingdom reaches as many people as possible. (Rev. 14:6, 7) May all of us be eager to benefit from the organized preaching work, which enables us to praise Jehovah wholeheartedly. - Ps. 111:1.

14. How do our preaching groups help us during times of disaster or unexpected hardship?

15. What is the desire of all of Jehovah's servants?

DESCRIPTION: Two sisters in a field service group are sharing in the ministry.

HOW would you answer?

■ In what ways do the field-team overseer and his assistant help the members of their group?

■ What can we do to help our field service team?

■ How does the field service group arrangement help us?

PRAYER 61 Go Forth, You Witnesses!

August 31 to September 6, 2026

PS 89 Obey God's Word and Be Blessed

What is included in the study?

Why and how we should pay attention at meetings and assemblies.

Pay Attention to Your Listening

"Pay attention to how you listen". - LUKE 8:18.

TODAY, Jehovah provides us with an abundance of spiritual food, and we feel as did David: "Jehovah is my Shepherd; I shall not want". - Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One way that Jehovah provides us with spiritual food is by means of instruction at our meetings, where we hear many things that are not new, but we also need reminders, even if we are firmly rooted in the truth. (2 Pet. 1:12) If you find it difficult to pay attention when things that we already know are discussed, this article will help you to understand why it is important to pay close attention at meetings, and we will consider how those who teach in the congregation can help others to do so. First, though, let us answer the question: Who is the source of the instruction we receive?

THE education we receive comes from Jehovah

3 Jehovah provides spiritual instruction through his Word, the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this, and he was so effective in teaching God's Word that even his listeners wondered: 'How did this man, who had no formal education, come to know the Scriptures?' (John 7:15) On the other hand, when honesthearted ones heard Jesus' way of teaching, they were delighted.

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah provide spiritual food for his people today (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5)? (b) What will we consider in this article?

3. How does Jehovah teach us, and how have his servants used the Bible?

20

(Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah's Witnesses, we know that our publications, broadcasts, talks, and videos are all based on the Bible, and when people come to our meetings to see how we explain Bible truths, they are amazed.

4 When used in the Bible, the word "listen" often implies obedience, so when we are taught by Jehovah through the study of his Word and we understand what he wants us to do, we find it easier to obey him, knowing that our obedience to him and our application of his instructions makes him happy. - Prov. 27:11.

WHY should we pay attention when we study?

(Matt. 22:37) As we daily learn about Jehovah, our love for him grows, and as our love for him deepens, we are moved to obey him and to worship him in the way he approves. - Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 We attend meetings because we love our neighbors (Matt. 22:39).

4. When used in the Bible, what does the word obey usually mean?

5. What does our love for Jehovah move us to do? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What do we learn at our meetings?

How to Become an Effective Listener

When longtime servants of Jehovah were asked what helped them to be more attentive at meetings, they stated the following:

• Suefawn, baptized in 1986, says: "Sitting at the front of the meeting will help you to concentrate on the speaker and the videos".

• David, also baptized in 1983, says: "I often pray to Jehovah to help me to concentrate on study. I remind myself that attending, thinking about, and participating in each part of the study is part of my worship".

• Nicolas, baptized in 1982, says: Make it your goal to commend each person for a talk, an example, or an illustration that impressed you.

• Augustin, also baptized in 1988, says: "When the faithful slave brings back a study material, I tell myself that it is spiritual food at the right time.

He has taught us how to show love to our fellow believers and to people we have never met. For example, the brochure Love People - Make Disciples has taught us how to show love to people and how to teach them effectively in the ministry.

JUNE 20, 2026 21 years of age

When students give presentations at the midweek study, focus on them.

(Deut. 32:44-47) We need the encouragement we need to endure hardships until we enter the new world, and we can receive that encouragement by attending and listening carefully. (Rom. 8:25) Today, especially in this time of the end, we need to listen and be diligent in our service to Jehovah. - Matt. 24:42-44; Rev. 1:3.

How to Help Others Pay Attention

8 Brothers who teach, especially those who give public talks, need to continue to work hard to improve their teaching skills. Taking the time to prepare well and to base their presentations on the Scriptures can attract people to the truth and help fellow believers to maintain their joy in Jehovah's service. Even those who speak well in public are exempt from this advice.

7. Why is it vital that we always listen to Jehovah?

8. Why should brothers who teach at meetings continue to work at improving their teaching skills?

so that each of us can use it to the full.2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

9 The following steps will help you to make your speech more appealing: (1) At the beginning of the talk, try to identify the main points. (2) After you have summarized the main points, make a brief pause before moving on to the next one. (3) At the end of the talk, make the most of the main points.

(Prov. 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) If you meditate on the scriptures and the main points in your language, you will be more likely to enjoy what you are saying. A brother in his 70's in the United States recalls a talk he heard when he was a teenager.

11 Think about what will help your listeners

9. When giving a talk, why should you not make it difficult for your listeners to understand?

10. Why is it important to show love for what you are about to say?

11. What can a speaker do to help his listeners benefit? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

For example, when Timothy was helping the brothers in Ephesus, the apostle Paul gave him specific suggestions on how to stay spiritually strong. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.)

12 When you are learning a new language, speak from your heart, not from your mouth, but from your heart, so that your audience will not feel overwhelmed by what you are saying.

12. Why should you speak from your heart?

When you speak from your heart, your words will touch the hearts of your listeners and motivate them to act on what you say.

13 Seek advice from an experienced speaker. (Prov. 1:5) Since we all have imperfections, we may not always be able to see clearly what is being said. We want to improve our speaking and teaching skills so that we can help our listeners to apply Bible truth.*

* For additional suggestions on how to improve your speaking and teaching skills, see the brochure Apply Yourself to Reading and Teaching and the book Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education.

13. When preparing a public talk, why should you seek the advice of an experienced speaker? (See also pictures.)

Seek advice from an experienced speaker to improve your teaching (See paragraph 13)

23

Continue to heed Jehovah's reminders; do not be distracted by cell phones and tablets

(See also paragraph 17)

How to Become an Effective Listener

14 Deep appreciation for Jehovah's reminders will move us to be obedient, for we need God's reminders to help us cope with the pressures of these "critical times hard to deal with". (2 Tim. 3:1) Even if we feel that we have heard the information many times, we should strive to imitate the psalmist who had deep appreciation for God's reminders. - Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

15 Jehovah cared for the Israelites when they were in the wilderness and provided them with manna. (Ex. 16:15, 31) Although the manna was tasty and nourishing at first, some later began to resent it and became dissatisfied with it. (Num. 21:5) The lesson is that we should not underestimate Jehovah's spiritual provisions or view them as insignificant. In fact, applying what we learn can lead to everlasting life. - Prov. 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

Ashley, who has served Jehovah for over 30 years, says: Preparing for the meetings helps me to pay more attention. If I don't do so, I find it difficult to give comments, and my mind wanders. József, who has been serving Jehovah for 52 years, says: Every time I hear a talk, I always enjoy listening to it again because it adds something new. If a brother does not know how to speak, I will not know how to speak.

14. Why should we imitate the writer of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

15. How can we continue to show appreciation for the spiritual food provided at meetings?

16. How have some longtime servants of Jehovah improved their attention at meetings? (See also the box "How to Improve Your Listening".)

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

It is the Bible's message that he is explaining.

17 The following suggestions may help you to improve your listening ability: (1) Eat little before a meeting so that you do not fall asleep; (2) arrive early and find a seat before the meeting begins; (3) turn off your phone or tablet to avoid distractions during the meeting; (4) meditate on what will be discussed; (5) focus on the speaker during the meeting; (6) take notes or draw something to help you remember the highlights of the meeting. (7) Try to reflect on the speaker's discussion of key scriptures. (8) Ask yourself, How can I use this information to help someone in the congregation or in the ministry? (9) Also, when attending meetings, look ahead to the program, observe the theme of the day, the talks, and the scriptures used in each talk. (10) Before the meeting begins, listen quietly to the music and the music video that will be presented, thus preparing your heart for the program.

Listen to Jehovah

(Ps. 23:3; 31:3) The counsel and reminders we receive help us to avoid being like a ship tossed about by the wind, so we need to be careful how we listen and apply the counsel we receive during our study. (Luke 8:18) Those who obey Jehovah will enjoy life now, and they will enjoy everlasting life in the future. - Ps. 119:2, 14.

17. What can you do to be more attentive at meetings and assemblies? (See also pictures.)

18. Why should we continue to pay attention at meetings?

HOW would you answer?

■ Why should we pay attention during a study?

■ How can brothers who teach at meetings help others to listen more attentively?

■ What will help you to become a better listener?

Come, and You Will Be Relieved

LIFE STORY How did you come to know Jehovah?

Seventy Years of Service in Cuba

As told by GUSTAVO JOSEPH

I WAS born in 1947 in the village of Esmeralda, the eldest of five children in a family of two girls, on the beautiful island of Cuba, which lies between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean.

I fondly remember the peaceful atmosphere in our village, where we lived together with a few relatives - my grandparents, my uncles, and my aunts.

When I was about five years old, my parents began to study the Bible with Walton Jones, a zealous preacher who traveled about ten hours to our village to preach. Whenever he did, several relatives would come to my grandfather's house, and we enjoyed many hours of Bible discussions with him.

As Jehovah's Witnesses in Cuba enjoyed freedom to worship Jehovah without interference, we were well-known for going from door to door, carrying literature in our bags, and traveling free of charge! - 2 Tim. 4:2.

In Bad Times

When I was five years old, my father and his brother went to a convention in another town, but they went to get some water and caught typhoid fever.

After my father's death, my mother arranged for our family to move to her brother's home in the village of Lombillo.

On August 26, 1957, at the age of ten, I was baptized in a lake near Lombillo.

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

In 1959, a coup d'état overthrew the government of Cuba and established a dictatorship.

As a result, our freedom to worship Jehovah was severely curtailed, our activities were banned, many brothers were arrested, imprisoned, starved to death, and sometimes were given bloodless food, contrary to the Bible's command to drink blood.

(Heb. 10:25) We held meetings on farms and in other places throughout the country, and I recall that a brother who had a large flock of sheep allowed us to hold meetings there because we were unable to clean the place properly and the sheep were unable to get out of the way, so we joined the flock. - Mic. 2:12.

We appreciated the hard work that was done to keep us fed spiritually. For example, the brothers recorded the program of the convention and sent it to the brothers throughout the country. Sometimes only two brothers recorded the entire program and played it back on a tape recorder. When there was no electricity, an electric motor was attached to a bicycle, and a brother sat on it to provide electricity, so that we could listen to the program on tape. Although we did not have the same freedom as our brothers in other lands, we never lacked spiritual food, and we joyfully served Jehovah together. - Neh. 8:10.

As Pioneers and Parents

When I was 18, I began serving as a regular pioneer in Florida, and about a year later, I was assigned as a special pioneer in the large city of Ca-magüey, where I met Emilia, a beautiful young woman from Santiago de Cuba.

Emilia and I could no longer pioneer, but we wanted to expand our ministry

A. Kingdom Ministry School for congregation eldersCamagüey, Cuba, 1966

B. Our wedding day, 1967

A

B

D

C. Circuit work

E. Our first convention held after the ban was lifted, 1994

E

Asamblea of the District of TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

So I got a job in a government-owned sugar factory, where I worked from 3:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. every day, and even though it was hard to get up early in the morning, I was able to go in the ministry at that time, which allowed me to attend regular Bible studies with Emilia.

In 1969, we had our first son, Gustavo, and shortly thereafter I was assigned to serve as a circuit overseer. At that time, it was not unusual to find a traveling overseer in Cuba with a wife and children.

Looking back on our time in the circuit work, I am overjoyed to see how Jehovah not only blessed his people in Cuba but also helped us to inculcate love for him in the hearts of our children.

How We Served as Circuit Overseers

During the ban, Kingdom Halls were closed, missionaries were expelled, many young brothers were imprisoned, and the branch office in Havana was seized.

Because of the ban, we were allowed to visit only on weekends, so we would spend two weekends visiting one congregation, carrying little luggage and riding our bicycles to avoid detection by the police, visiting a congregation without being notified, or visiting relatives without being disturbed. (Mark 10:29, 30) However, we had to be very careful because we were in danger of being interrogated by the police, and our brothers could be arrested if the police caught up with them. - Rom. 16:4.

In the circuit work, we met many brothers who had never been to a convention

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Why?

F

G

E. Emilia, working in a foundry at the Cuban branch

F. An Assembly Hall dedicated in 2012

G. Bible School for Christian Couples, 2013

They treated us with great kindness. When we arrived, they gave us lodgings for the night.

We could not take all of our children with us, so we left the rest with my mother and my sister to protect us. Sometimes when we were stopped by the police, we put dirty bags filled with baby pampers under the congregation records, which the police would then open.

While we were both in the full-time ministry and raising our children, I appreciated Emilia's hard work in caring for our children. How did I manage to do both, working in the factory and in the circuit work?

I had to go to work from Monday to Sunday because I was unable to do so, so I decided that if I could somehow distribute the work to the employees, they would have to work until the end of the week, which gave me the opportunity to visit the owners. To this day, I don't think that they noticed that I didn't work on Saturdays and Sundays.

I Have Not Lost My Happiness in My Work

In 1994, the brothers taking the lead in Cuba invited 80 traveling overseers from all over the country to attend a special assembly in Havana. After many years of acquaintance, we were thrilled to be there!

And they told us that they had consulted with the governors, and that the reason why they did this was,

JUNE 29th, 2026

Cuba Branch Committee, 2013

So the authorities asked us to submit the names of all traveling overseers in the country, and we all agreed.

We later learned that some of the traveling overseers' names appeared to be in the possession of the authorities, and they wanted to make sure that their names matched those we had sent to them.

In September 1994, we received permission from the government to reopen the branch office, which had been closed for 20 years.

One day in 1996, Emilia and I received an invitation to serve at Bethel. To our surprise, I told the brothers that I still had two children to care for.

After serving as a circuit overseer for many years, I could not stay in an office, so I was very happy at the new Bethel, but the brothers at Bethel, especially my wife, Emilia, helped me to adjust, and I am happy to continue serving at Bethel.

Now that Emilia and I are older, our hearts are filled with joy when we look back on the many years we have met and served together, and our joy is even greater when we see our children and grandchildren serving Jehovah in harmony with the sentiments expressed by the aged apostle John: "I have no greater cause for thankfulness than this, that I should be hearing that my children go on walking in the truth". - 3 John 4.

Despite the challenges of cancer and old age, Emilia and I have been able to continue our assignment as best we could. Although we have served Jehovah for many years, we have not always had difficult times, but we have had the joy of serving the happy God here on the island of Cuba for almost 70 years! - 1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1.

With our daughter and her husband at a circuit assembly

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Questions From Readers

What two covenants does the apostle Paul refer to at Galatians 4:24?

(Gal. 4:22-24) While we have previously understood the two covenants to be the Law covenant and the new covenant, further study of this subject reveals the need for an adjustment, and let us see why Paul was apparently referring to the new covenant rather than to Abraham.*

(Gal. 4:25; Ex. 19:5, 6) The Law reminded the Israelites that they were slaves to sin, and it led the nation of Israel to the Messiah, who was the only one who could obey the Law perfectly. (Acts 3:19, 24, 25) After Jesus fulfilled God's purpose, the Law was no longer needed. - Rom. 10:4.

(Gal. 4:23) That promise was the Abrahamic covenant. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) That covenant was made between Jehovah and Abraham, as recorded at Genesis 22:18, where Jehovah told Abraham: "By means of your seed all nations of the earth will certainly bless themselves because you have listened to my voice".

The Abrahamic covenant confirmed the promise made in Eden.* (Gen. 3:15) This covenant revealed that the promised Seed would come through Abraham, and Paul explained that the primary part of the Seed is Jesus Christ, but it also includes those who belong to Christ, who will share with him in his Kingdom, numbering 144,000. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) As a result of Jehovah's promise to Abraham, those who exercise faith in Jesus and obey him are blessed.

Paul's point was that if the Jews of his day insisted on obeying the Law itself, they would be like Hagar - in perpetual bondage; but if they put faith in the primary Seed of Abraham, Jesus Christ, they would be like Sarah - in everlasting freedom; and they would be freed from sin and death. (John 8:32-34) If they rejected Jesus, however, he showed that he understood the Law covenant, for the purpose of the Law covenant was to lead them to the Christ.

Although the Galatians to whom Paul was writing were mostly non-Jews and were not under the Law, some Jews insisted that non-Jewish Christians were under the Law, including the requirement of circumcision. Paul showed that it was unwise for them to continue to observe the laws that enslaved them, since Christ had set them free. - Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

This is an adjustment of what was stated in the March 15, 2006, issue of The Watchtower, pages 10-12.

JUNE 2026 31

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

June 2026 - Vol. 147, No. 6 of the book of Acts

What is the Bible's answer to this question?

The study article for August 10-16

How Can We Remain Loyal to Jehovah Under Trials?

This issue is for study from August 17-23.

How to Maintain Peace With Our Brothers

This issue is for study August 24-30. 14

How the Service Group Program Helps Us

Study article for August 31 to September 6

Pay Attention to Your Listening

What is the Bible's answer?

Seventy Years of Service in Cuba

Questions From Readers

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work that is supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

A Teaching From the Bible

The Fishing Net of the Past

The Bible tells us that some of Jesus' followers were fishermen. (Mark 1:16-20) They used nets to catch fish on the Sea of Galilee.

If the fish were to be caught, the net was to be made smaller, and if the fish were to be caught, the net was to be made larger. If the net was to be caught, the weight of the net was to be lowered, and if the weight of the net was to be higher, the weight of the net was to be lowered. The net was partly lowered into the water; and a measuring-rod was in the middle of the net, so that the net was partly above the water.

(Luke 5:6) Because nets were expensive, fishermen had to repair their nets almost every time they went out to sea, and the Bible relates that James and John "repaired their nets", possibly with a pair of scythes and ropes. (Matt. 4:21) Luke also relates that the fishermen "washed their nets, both inside and outside".

Jesus called out to those who knew how to fish to become fishers of men.

Go to jw.org, or click on the link below

JW.ORG ® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

What is the Bible's answer to that question?