JULY 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article was originally published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

SEPTEMBER 7 to 13, 2026

Learn From the Gibeonites

The Gibeonites made peace with Israel, and dwelt with them. - JOSH. 10:1.

PS 88 Make known to me your ways

What is included in the study?

We will see what we can learn from the example of the Gibeonites and from Jehovah's dealings with them.

40 YEARS after the Israelites left Egypt and entered the Promised Land, and with Jehovah's help they conquered such mighty cities as Jericho and Ai, an unexpected event occurs: They are confronted by spies who tell them that they have come from a distant land and want to conclude a peace treaty with Israel.

2 The first time that the Bible speaks of these explorers was when they visited the Israelites - the Gibeonites. The Bible reveals that the Gibeonites had lived among the Israelites for centuries.

EXEMPLE FAITH and patience

3 When the Israelites entered the land of Canaan, they had to conquer seven nations that were larger and stronger than the Israelites themselves. (Deut. 7:1) These nations included the Hivites, descendants of the Gibeonites, who lived in fortified cities and had many small soldiers. (Ex. 34:11; Josh. 9:24) So when the Gibeonites learned that the Israelites had defeated the Canaanites, they were moved by God's promise that the Canaanites would be destroyed.

1-2. Why should what the Bible says about the Gibeonites be of interest to us?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did the Gibeonites want to make peace with the Israelites?

2

The Gibeonites deceived Israel into making a peace treaty with them

(See also paragraph 4)

And they sent messengers to Joshua at Gilgal, that they might have mercy on them, and that they might make a covenant of peace with him.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeonites pretended to have come from a distant land, saying that they had heard about what Jehovah had done through the Israelites against the Egyptian and Amorite kings Sihon and Og.

(Josh. 9:14, 15) The Gibeonites' actions were soon exposed, but because the elders had sworn by Jehovah's name, they did nothing against them. (Josh. 9:16-19) Instead, the Gibeonites were entrusted with the task of plowing the ground and drawing water for the congregation and for Jehovah's altar. - Josh. 9:27.

5 When five Amorite kings heard of the treachery of the Gibeonites, they united in a conspiracy, and the Gibeonites cried out to Joshua for help. (Josh. 10:3-7) So Joshua led the Israelites into battle to rescue the Gibeonites, and Jehovah gave them victory by means of a hailstorm.

* The men who came to Joshua and spoke to him were from Gibeon, Chephirah, Beeroth, and Kiriath-jearim. - Josh. 9:17.

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites deceive the Israelites into making a peace treaty with them? (See also the illustration.) (b) What did the Israelites do when they realized that the Gibeonites had deceived them?

5. How did the Gibeonites show faith in Jehovah?

JULY 2026

3

(Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites showed that they had faith in Jehovah by making peace with the Israelites and by crying out to Joshua for help when they found themselves in a difficult situation.

(Num. 33:51, 52) Those people, including the Gibeonites, were not to be destroyed, but Jehovah could have condemned the Israelites for not consulting the Gibeonites about their intentions, and he could have allowed the Israelites to execute judgment on the Gibeonites. 9:26; 11:19.

(Ps. 40:4, 5) Another lesson we can learn from the example of the Gibeonites is that we need to be modest in our service to Jehovah, even when small assignments seem insignificant to others. (Josh. 9:23, 27) A young brother named Luke recalls a time when he was overwhelmed by the help of an older brother who had a large Bethel assignment. Luke relates: "The brother's example taught me that true humility is shown, not by our words, but by our actions. Like the Gibeonites, we show faith in Jehovah by relying on him in the face of adversity and by humbly accepting assignments in Jehovah's organization.

When Trouble Strikes, Leave It to Jehovah

8 Centuries later, the Gibeonites are mentioned again in the Bible accounts of King Saul of Israel, who persecuted the Gibeonites - residents of Israel - and sought to exterminate them by burning them to the ground.* (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) Saul's act was an act of treachery!

9 Jehovah did not immediately intervene in Saul's dealings with the Gibeonites; he waited until David was enthroned as king. Jehovah caused a three-year drought in Israel, which resulted in a severe famine.

Some scholars suggest that Saul may have been hostile to foreigners in his homeland.

6. What can we learn from Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we imitate the faith and humility of the Gibeonites? (See also the picture.)

8. What did Saul do with the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah respond to Saul's dealings with the Gibeonites?

4

The Watchtower

Humbly accept humble assignments, and imitate the Gibeonites

(See also paragraph 7)

And David said to the children of Israel, Behold, I am the LORD your God, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers, the God of your fathers

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. David's question to the Gibeonites reveals that the Gibeonites knew God's Law, which stated that anyone who ate of it would be put to death, and that no ransom could be paid for it. (Num. 35:30, 31) The Gibeonites also knew that the king's words had the right to take a person's life. David then ordered the Gibeonites to execute seven of Saul's sons, who may have been involved in the slaughter of the Gibeonites. After the rain began to fall and the famine ended, Jehovah's wrath was turned away. - 2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

(Ps. 37:28) Today, though you may face discrimination, prejudice, and injustice, Jehovah expects us to treat all people in a just and just way, not just those who are treated unfairly or who are hated because of their faith. Another lesson from this account is that Jehovah expects us to fulfill our vows just as he did the Israelites to the Gibeonites. - Compare Amos 1:9.

12 What can we learn from the example of the Gibeonites? Even when we are treated unfairly by a fellow believer, we need to wait on Jehovah, remembering that he will correct matters at his own time and in his own way.

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, how did the Gibeonites show a willingness to obey Jehovah's Law?

11. What does this account reveal about Jehovah?

12. How can we imitate the Gibeonites when others treat us unfairly?

JULY 2026 The 5th of July

For example, ten years after arriving at Bethel in 1926, Laura French suffered a tragic accident that resulted in her being accused of apostasy and being dismissed from Bethel. As Sister French's experience reminds us, even if we are treated unfairly by a fellow believer, we should not retaliate, but should leave the matter in Jehovah's hands, who will correct it in his due time. - Isa. 26:3, 4.

RELATED WORK Jehovah with all your heart

(Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Then, in 468 B.C.E., others returned with the scribe Ezra. (Ezra 7:1-7) Among those who returned with Governor Zerubbabel and the scribe Ezra were the Nethinim. (See Ezra 2:58; 7:7, footnote.) Who, then, were the Nethinim? They were temple servants or temple attendants who were not Israelites, and many of them were likely descendants of the Gibeonites.

14 Read the footnote of 1 Chronicles 9:2. The temple attendants were among the first to return to Jerusalem, and they displayed strong faith, for not all the exiles returned to Jerusalem. Some may have found it difficult to give up their comfortable lifestyle in Babylon to help rebuild Jerusalem, but some showed faith and were eager to return to rebuild Jehovah's temple in Jerusalem. Instead of excusing themselves, they resumed the work on the temple and helped to rebuild Jerusalem's wall. - Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this account teach us about Jehovah's view of those who make sacrifices to him - that he does not look down on those who make sacrifices to him, that he does not despise those who make sacrifices to him, and that he does not despise those who offer sacrifices to him? (Acts 11:21) For the work they performed at the temple, no taxes were paid. - Ezra 7:24.

13. Who were the Nethinim, and what did they do when the Jews returned to their homeland from Babylon?

14. How did the Gibeonites show their support for Jehovah's worship? (1 Chronicles 9:2, footnote)

15. What does the account of the Gibeonites teach us about Jehovah?

6 The Watchtower

16 The example of the Gibeonites teaches us that we too want to be zealous in Jehovah's service and to help others to know him. Because we love Jehovah and want to please him, we make sacrifices to serve him fully, no matter what the cost. Alwin, a brother in the Philippines, worked in a well-paying oil company, but he wanted to do more for Jehovah. Although he knew that his new job would be less lucrative than his old one, he kept his focus on pioneering, and his wife eventually joined him in the pioneer service, and together they helped 21 people to become Jehovah's Witnesses. You too can be confident that whatever sacrifices you make in Jehovah's service will not be forgotten, and he will provide for your needs. - Matt. 6:33.

17 The account of the Gibeonites teaches us that Jehovah is humble, merciful, just, loyal, and never disapproves of the sacrifices his servants make in his service. Moreover, when we are treated unfairly, we need to remember that Jehovah's timing is right and that we should leave everything to him, and we need to imitate the Gibeonites by doing all we can to promote Jehovah's interests.

16. What can we learn from the example of the Gibeonites?

17. What do we learn from the example of the Gibeonites?

HOW would you answer?

■ How can we demonstrate faith and humility like the Gibeonites?

■ How can we imitate the Gibeonites when we are treated unfairly?

■ How can we uphold Jehovah's worship like the Gibeonites?

Jehovah Is the Deliverer

SEPTEMBER 14-20, 2026 What is the future?

SONG 41 Hear My Prayer

What is included in the study?

Reading the book of Isaiah can strengthen us when we are discouraged or discouraged.

The Book of Isaiah as a Source of Comfort

"This is what Jehovah has said: . . . 'As one whom his mother keeps comforting, so I myself will keep comforting you.'" - Isa. 66:12, 13.

WHAT would a loving mother do if she saw a baby crying in an inappropriate way - perhaps because of the pain of moving in with her parents or because of the pain of leaving her friends or because of a mistake she had made? What would she do? She would embrace her baby, listen to his cry, and then reassure him that she cared about him.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah is likened to a loving mother who comforts her child: "As a mother comforts her child, so I will keep comforting you". (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah's love for us surpasses that of any human parent.

(Isa. 40:1) As a loving Father, Jehovah inspired Isaiah to write many words to encourage his people in Judah, who at one time were in dire straits. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let us consider how some of the words found in the book of Isaiah can comfort and strengthen us in the following situations: first, when our circumstances change unexpectedly; second, when we are distressed over past mistakes. Finally, when grieving the death of a loved one.

1-2. How does Jehovah help us when we are discouraged or depressed?

3. What will we consider in this article?

8

When Things Suddenly Changed

4 Life can change unexpectedly. (Eccl. 9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) Health problems, economic turmoil, political upheaval, or a change in our assignment may cause us to feel overwhelmed and even confused. When things change so suddenly, what assurance does Jehovah give us in the book of Isaiah that can help us?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. When a person feels that his whole world is in darkness and that he is in a state of confusion, Jehovah promises to guide him, turning the darkness into light. He will lead us out of darkness, and lead us out of the way of light.

4. How might unexpected changes affect us?

5. What assurance does Jehovah give us at Isaiah 42:16? (See also pictures.)

Jehovah will never abandon you even when your circumstances change unexpectedly (See paragraph 5)

If thou goest by the way that thou hast not gone by, I will not leave thee.

(Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) Also, through the help of our fellow believers and others, we can be confident that Jehovah will guide us because he is loving and fully aware of our circumstances, even when we do not know what the future holds. - Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 Joseph, mentioned at the outset, recalls how Jehovah sustained him and his wife after they left Bethel: "After we left Bethel, we felt Jehovah's hand in our life, not only supplying us with what we needed but also comforting us and giving us more than we bargained for. Whatever happens, he is with me.* Even when things do not turn out as we expect, we need to remember that no matter what happens in our lives, Jehovah is with us.

When we are swayed by our sinful nature

7 If we confess a serious sin to the elders, they will lovingly help us.

* The lyrics are taken from songs that are not in our songbook.

6. When life changes unexpectedly, of what can we be sure?

7. How may some feel about past sins?

(Prov. 28:13; Jas. 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) Yet, even though our sins have been forgiven, we may still be plagued by feelings of guilt, such as, 'How long will Jehovah tolerate me?' (2 Cor. 2:7) This feeling is understandable, for we may be overwhelmed by past sins and may find it hard to forget them. (Isa. 38:3, 8) If you are still grieving over past mistakes, you can benefit greatly from the book of Isaiah.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah uses a vivid illustration to illustrate the depth of his forgiveness by saying that even though our sins may be as scarlet, they will be "white as snow".

9 King David committed adultery and murder, but Jehovah forgave him, and he later described David as a man with a complete heart. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Ki. 9:4, 5) Jehovah focused on David's loyalty to him, not on his past sins.

How does Isaiah 1:18 describe Jehovah's forgiveness?

10 The Watchtower

Thou hast cast all my sins behind thy back.

Jehovah does not dwell on our past sins (See paragraph 11)

help us when we are plagued by guilt?

10 Read the footnote to Isaiah 38:17. The expression "throw away all my sins" can also be translated "put all my sins away from before you". This illustration shows that when a repentant sinner sins, Jehovah puts his sin behind him so that he does not see it or think about it. He promises: "Your sins I shall remember no more". (Isa. 43:25) How comforting that is!

Never let past mistakes rob you of your joy in serving Jehovah

Even if we remember the sins of the past, why should we still suffer for them?

11 Whenever we feel overwhelmed by our past sins, we need to remember Jehovah's assurance that when he forgives, he does not feel ashamed of us, and unlike humans, he does not hold a grudge against us. (Isa. 57:16) Jehovah does not focus on our past sins; he focuses on what we are doing now and on our efforts to please him.

10. What comfort is found at Isaiah 38:17?

11. Despite our past sins, what does Jehovah look for in us? (See also pictures.)

JULY 2026 11th

The dead will be raised.

The hope of meeting our dead loved ones will be a reality (See paragraph 14)

We should never allow past mistakes to rob us of our joy in serving Jehovah, nor should we allow them to deprive us of the blessings that await us in the future.

When a Loved One Dies

12 When we lose a loved one in death, our grief can be overwhelming and long-lasting. At times, we may not realize that Jehovah cared for our loved one. Michael, who lost his parents in a fire, says: "I was heartbroken and angry at Jehovah for allowing them to die.

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah promises that he will swallow up death forever.Picture yourself living in a world where death will be no more, where you will never have to mourn the loss of a loved one (Isa. 35:10).

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Jehovah will not only abolish death but will also bring back to life our dead loved ones.

12. When a loved one dies, how may we feel?

13. What assurance does Jehovah give us at Isaiah 25:8?

14. How do you feel about the resurrection? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also the picture.)

12 The Watchtower

He says: "'The dead will rise up,'" to show that they belong to Jehovah and are in his memory, so that he will raise them up at his appointed time.

15 Although the promise to resurrect our dead loved ones does not take away our grief, it is comforting to know that Jehovah does not forget them. Michael, quoted earlier, says: "This hope comforted me. Isaiah 26:19 helped me to see that my parents were in Jehovah's heart.

16 As we have seen, Isaiah's prophecies can be a source of comfort when life changes unexpectedly, when we are distressed by past wrongdoing, or when we are grieving the loss of a loved one.

15. How does the resurrection hope help us when a loved one dies?

16. When faced with adversity, what specific Word of God has comforted you?

PAGE 9 - A couple from Bethel move to a new congregation, where they are warmly welcomed by the brothers and sisters.

WHAT kind of marriage is going on . . .

▪ What is Isaiah 42:16?

▪ What is the meaning of Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

▪ What is the meaning of Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

3 - What Does It Mean?

Our Strength, Hope, and Confidence

September 21 to 27, 2026

Psalm 12 - What Does It Mean to You?

The Almighty, Jehovah God

What is included in the study?

We will consider what it means to know Jehovah, why we need to get to know him, and how we can do so.

Keep Getting to Know Jehovah Well

Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart . . .

O THE depth of Jehovah's knowledge, wisdom, and wonderful works! When we reflect on the Creator, we are moved to echo the words of the apostle Paul: "O the depth of the riches and wisdom and knowledge of God! How unsearchable his judgments and his ways are beyond tracing out!" - Rom. 11:33, 34.

2 Although we cannot know everything about Jehovah, we can know what he is like, for King David told his son Solomon: "Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart; if you search for him, he will let himself be found by you". (1 Chron. 28:9) Centuries later, the apostle John assured fellow Christians that they could find the true God.

(John 17:3) For example, whether we have been in the truth for a long time or not, let us consider three questions that will help all of us to become more intimately acquainted with Jehovah: What does it mean to know Jehovah intimately? Why do we need to know him intimately? How can we do so?

1. How do we feel about Jehovah's wisdom, knowledge, and wonderful works?

2. What shows that it is possible to know Jehovah intimately?

3. What will we consider in this article?

14

What Does It Mean to Know Jehovah?

4 A key to getting to know Jehovah better is reflected in what he said about the returnees: "I will give them a heart to know me, that I am Jehovah". (Jer. 24:7) Those returnees already had a knowledge of Jehovah, but to do so, they had to seek him with their whole heart and mind. It's like reading about love, or hearing about someone falling in love with someone. It's not a question of knowing that there is a God whose name is Jehovah, but of knowing what he really is.

5 By getting to know Jehovah better, we can discern what he likes and dislikes. Consider King Josiah: "In the eighth year of his reign, when he was yet a boy, he began to search for the God of David his forefather". (2 Chron. 34:3) But he not only learned about Jehovah but also applied what he learned.

6 Read Psalm 9:10.

The apostle Paul found this to be true when, as he was about to die in prison, he exclaimed: "I am not ashamed, for I know whom I have believed". (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul's knowledge of Jehovah and his experience gave him the strength to rely fully on Jehovah, who will remember his faithful service and resurrect him in the future.

WHY do we need to know Jehovah?

7 When we first learned about Jehovah, we did our best to acquire accurate knowledge of him, but as we serve him for years, we may begin to view him in a different light when we read the Bible at home or at school, when we apply what we learn, and when we help others. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Yet, the Bible also reveals much more about Jehovah. (Ps. 25:8-10) Hence, when we read the Bible, we need to focus not only on how we can benefit ourselves and others but also on these questions: 'What does this teach me about Jehovah God?'*

8 As we get to know Jehovah better, we become closer to him

* In the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, the title of the box on the back reads "From God's Word". See question 20.

4. How can we come to know Jehovah better?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah about coming to know Jehovah better?

6. According to Psalm 9:10, how will knowing Jehovah well benefit us?

7. What can happen if we serve Jehovah too long?

8. How does getting to know Jehovah better affect our relationship with him? (Psalm 73:24-28)

JULY 2026 15

We feel as did the psalmist Asaph, who reflected deeply on Jehovah's love and said: "God is the rock of my heart and my share constantly". (Read Psalm 73:24-28.)

9 The Bible tells us to "know" Jehovah. (Prov. 3:5, 6) In other words, we can make wise decisions by meditating on what we learn about Jehovah and by keeping in mind that he cares about us. If we regularly meditate on Jehovah's thoughts, we too will be able to make decisions that will please him. - Ps. 19:13, 14.

10 Since Jehovah created us in his image, we have the ability to imitate his qualities (Gen. 1:26).

9. Give an example of how knowing Jehovah can help us.

10. How will continuing to learn about Jehovah benefit us?

(Matt. 23:23) Rather than imitate the scribes and Pharisees, when we read the Bible, we should focus on Jehovah's qualities, which will help us to imitate his qualities. - 1 John 4:8, 11.

How Can You Get to Know Jehovah Well?

11 How did you come to know Jehovah? You may have been raised in the truth by your parents, who may have shared with you Bible accounts that reveal Jehovah's personality in creation, or you may have studied the Bible with one of Jehovah's Witnesses, who may have helped you to meditate on Bible accounts that reveal Jehovah's personality in creation.* (Neh. 8:8; Acts 14:17) Let us consider how we can continue to learn about Jehovah.

12 The first step in getting to know Jehovah better is to make an effort

* See the book You Can Live Happily Ever After, study #7, paragraphs 5-7.

11. How did you come to know Jehovah?

12-13. Give an example of what we can learn about Jehovah when we read the Bible. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also opening image.)

16 The Watchtower

Meditate on Jehovah's creation, and you will come to know him better

(See also paragraph 15)

(Ex. 34:6, 7) However, when you read such Bible accounts, take time to consider what they reveal about Jehovah, especially as they relate to the lives and choices of individuals.

13 For example, when you read Jeremiah 38:6-13 and see how Ebed-melech the Ethiopian came to the rescue of the prophet Jeremiah, what lessons can you learn from Ebed-melech's example of self-sacrifice, courage, and love, as well as from Jehovah's own qualities? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) Each time you read a portion of the Bible, try to discern one of Jehovah's qualities, and thank him for that insight.

14 A second way to come to know Jehovah better is by meditating on his creative works. (Ps. 145:9, 10) However, we can learn more about him by observing his creative works than by observing them alone. Some have spent their entire lives studying the natural world, yet they cannot discern God's qualities. The apostle Paul wrote that God's "invisible qualities . . . are clearly seen from the creation of the world onward, because they are perceived by the things he has made". By observing and meditating on Jehovah's creation, we can discern his qualities.

15 Most of us live in cities

14. Why should we meditate on Jehovah's creation?

15. How did Patrick come to know Jehovah better, and how can you do the same? (See also the picture.)

JULY 2026 the 17th

For example, Patrick, who lives in Brazzaville, a large city in the Republic of the Congo, says: "I try to observe Jehovah's creation every day. I often see ants and birds eagerly searching for food and shelter. She continues: "When I learned that Jehovah cares so much about his creation - even about the smallest of creatures - I became convinced that he cares for me and is interested in me, and that he will never allow me to lack anything I need.

16 A third way we can come to know Jehovah better is by meditating on what he has done for us. Jesus' mother, Mary, had already experienced Jehovah's goodness and goodwill. (Luke 1:30) Yet, she was entrusted with the weighty responsibility of giving birth to God's Son.

16. How did Mary, the mother of Jesus, come to know Jehovah, and what can we learn from her example? (See also the picture.)

Meditating on what Jehovah has done for you will help you to know him better

(See also paragraph 16)

18 The Watchtower

(Luke 1:46-55) Mary appreciated Jehovah's goodness and continued kindness to her, and we should be grateful when Jehovah helps us at the right time. (Heb. 4:16) When Jehovah helps you, ask yourself: What does this reveal about Jehovah?

YOUR knowledge of Jehovah will never be exhausted

17 What a delight it will be to learn about Jehovah in the new world when he will give us scrolls with knowledge of his will and his disapproval! (Rev. 20:12) No matter where we look, we will be enriched with knowledge of Jehovah's creative works.

(Ps. 90:2; 147:5) In other words, humans will never be able to comprehend the work of the true God from beginning to end. (Eccl. 3:11) So whether we have been in the truth for decades or not, let us continue to take in knowledge of our loving Father.

17-18. Why can we say that we will never learn all about Jehovah?

PAGE 18: A depressed brother meditating on how Jehovah helped him to accomplish his presentation at the midweek study.

HOW would you answer?

■ What does it mean to know Jehovah well?

■ Why should we keep getting to know Jehovah better?

■ How can we get to know Jehovah better?

28 How to Become Jehovah's Friend

September 28 to October 4, 2026

Help Others to Know Jehovah Better

CHURCH 79 Help Them to Stand Firm

"This means everlasting life, their coming to know you, the only true God". - JOHN 17:3.

What is included in the study?

How to help your Bible student to know Jehovah, his personality, and his likes and dislikes.

WHEN you see a Bible student come to the meetings, give comments, share what he learns with others, and make the decision to get baptized, how happy you are! Yet, we realize that Jehovah is responsible for all the spiritual progress we make, not our own.

2 God's will is that all sorts of people come to an accurate knowledge of the truth. (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Not only does Jehovah want people to know about him but he also wants them to know about his purpose for mankind. (Jer. 9:24) Accurate knowledge of the truth is essential for us to do that. Thus, when a Bible student comes to know Jehovah, the knowledge he receives changes his life, giving him the prospect of everlasting life. - John 17:3.

3 Because of Jehovah's undeserved kindness, we have the privilege of helping others to know him. In this article, we will consider the following questions: (1) Why do Bible students need to get to know Jehovah better? (2) How can we help Bible students to see Jehovah's personality? (3) How can we help them to apply what they learn?

1. How do you feel when you see a Bible student make progress?

2. What is pleasing to Jehovah? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this article?

20

Help the Student to Know Jehovah Better

4 Jesus said that the greatest commandment is to love Jehovah with one's whole heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) Thus, when a Bible student dedicates himself to Jehovah and gets baptized, he or she must be motivated by love for him, not by personal preferences or by a desire to please us.

5 Love is linked to obedience, and when you love someone who obeys his word, no one will be able to tell your Bible student to obey when he comes to know and love Jehovah. "In order for the world to know that I love the Father", Jesus said, "just as the Father has commanded me, so I am doing". (John 14:31) Our Bible students too will do the same; if they develop a deep love for Jehovah, they will obey him, and they will not deviate from him in any way. - 1 John 5:3.

6 When a Bible student gets to know Jehovah better, it is easier for him to make decisions that are in harmony with Jehovah's viewpoint. For example, learning to drive a car does not depend solely on observing the rules of the road or on observing a driver.

Similarly, as our Bible students learn to apply what we teach them and see the benefits of applying it in their lives, they will be moved to make wise decisions as they grow in knowledge of Jehovah and see how he helps them in their lives.

(Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) Joseph thus came to know Jehovah's view of marriage and sexuality, and his knowledge of Jehovah helped him to reject the temptations of Potiphar's wife, saying: "How could I commit this great badness and sin against God?" (Gen. 39:7-9) Joseph knew Jehovah's thinking, so he could discern what was pleasing to Him and what was not pleasing to Him, and he could act in a way that would hurt Jehovah's heart. Likewise, we need to help our Bible students to gain a deeper understanding of Jehovah and his qualities so that they can make decisions that please him.

Help Your Bible Students to Appreciate Jehovah

8 How can you help your Bible student to appreciate Jehovah's personality? Jehovah used questions to help Job see himself, asking him more than 50 questions.

4. In view of Mark 12:30, what should we keep in mind when conducting Bible studies?

5. As your Bible student develops love for Jehovah, what will he do?

6. Explain how a Bible student can benefit from an accurate knowledge of Jehovah.

7. How did Joseph benefit from knowing Jehovah well?

8. How can you use the book You Can Live Happily Ever After to help your Bible student to come to know Jehovah as a Person?

JULY 21 of 2026

Questions for Effective Teaching

The book You Can Live Happily Ever After has a number of questions that can help your Bible students to gain a better understanding of Jehovah, including:

How does Jehovah view those who preach the good news? (study 21)

Based on your knowledge of Jehovah and Jesus, why do you conclude that judgments will be unjust or just? (lecture 33)

How does Jehovah feel when you obey him and act wisely, and why? (lecture 34)

How would Jehovah feel if we married someone who does not love Jehovah? (lecture 42)

How does this verse show that Jehovah forgives? (lecture 56)

How does Jehovah's dealings with sinners show his understanding, mercy, and love? (study 57)

For example, in the book You Can Live Happily Ever After, the questions are designed to help students learn more about Jehovah and his qualities. (See the box "Questions for Improving Teaching".) So when you study the book with your student, use them to help him to see Jehovah as you do.

9 Right from the start, we should encourage our students to read the Bible daily.* How can we help them to benefit from their Bible reading? After reading a portion of the Bible, we can show them that they can ask themselves, Why did Jehovah include this portion in the Bible? What qualities of Jehovah does this reveal to me? The apostle James gave an example of this.

10 We want to help our Bible students to see how a Bible account relates to what is acceptable to Jehovah and what is not acceptable to him.

* See the accompanying box "You Can Live Happily Ever After" in study No. 5 of the book You Can Live Happily Ever After. It says: Set a goal of daily Bible reading. Following the section "Read the Bible Daily" will help you to achieve that goal.

9-10. (a) How can we help our Bible students to benefit fully from their Bible reading? (James 5:11) (b) Give an example of how a Bible account illustrates what Jehovah likes and dislikes.

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Help your student to see that if he does not understand a Bible passage, he does not need to rely on what he already knows about Jehovah (See paragraphs 12-13)

If he wants to read the account of Daniel's being thrown into the lions' den, you might encourage him to consider such questions as: Why did Jehovah save Daniel? How does this account teach me what pleases Jehovah? (Daniel 6:10, 22) He might also ask himself: What happened to the men accused of Daniel? What disapproval of Jehovah do I see in this account? (Daniel 6:4, 5, 24) He might also ask himself, 'Does this account reveal another of Jehovah's qualities?' Daniel 6:26, 27.

11 We are delighted when a Bible student shows that what he is learning is having a positive effect on his life, but we also need to remind him that what he is learning comes from Jehovah, the Grand Instructor. (Isa. 30:20, 21) At times, a Bible student may praise us for the way we teach.

11. How can we help a Bible student to see that what we teach him comes from Jehovah?

Even if a person does something worthy of praise, we should let him know that it is to Jehovah that the thanks ought to go.

Help Your Bible Students to Apply What They Learn

12 How can you help a Bible student to apply what he is learning? First, if he does not understand a portion of the Bible, help him to reflect on what he already knows about Jehovah. For example, he may have read something about Jehovah's judgments and wondered why some were destroyed or not.

13 You can encourage your student to stop thinking about what he already knows about Jehovah and to ask himself: 'How does Jehovah feel about me?'

12-13. If a Bible student does not understand a portion of the Bible that he reads, how can you help him? (See also the picture.)

JULY 23 of the year 2026

(2 Pet. 3:9) Despite our imperfect nature, what provision has Jehovah made for our deliverance? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Will Jehovah punish an innocent person, or will he allow the wrongdoer to come forward if he deserves to be punished? (Ex. 34:6, 7) In some cases, the Bible does not give us an explanation for Jehovah's decisions, but we do not need an explanation.

14 Consider a second way in which a student can apply what he learns about Jehovah. For example, he may find it difficult to approach a fellow believer who is just beginning to attend Christian meetings.

14. How can you help your student if a brother does something that hurts his feelings?

Help your student to make decisions that please Jehovah (See paragraphs 15-16)

(John 3:16) How does Jehovah feel about our unity? (Ps. 133:1) How does Jehovah feel when he sees us doing our best to maintain our unity? (2 Cor. 13:11) Help your Bible student to see the value of focusing on the strengths of others and not on their shortcomings.

15 A final step that you can take is to help your Bible student to make wise decisions. You might refer him to the 35th lesson in the book You Can Live Forever Happy! entitled "How to Make Good Decisions". He said: "I always do the things pleasing to my Father". (Read John 8:29.) You could encourage your student to ask himself: "After all that I have learned about Jehovah and all the research I have done, what decision will I make that will please him?" Remember, the best decision is the one that pleases Jehovah.

16 Consider the case of a Bible student in Chile who had to make a difficult decision in her life. Her family wanted her to get a job that would allow her to attend meetings regularly.

15-16. (a) How can a Bible student imitate Jesus when faced with a difficult decision? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help her Bible student to make the right decision? (See also the picture.)

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

I also encouraged her to put her concerns before Jehovah and see how he would answer her prayers. She decided not to accept the assignment, and soon she found a job that allowed her to attend meetings regularly. Consider what Marianne says about her Bible student: "She learned that if we put Jehovah's interests first, he will provide for us".

Be Blessed by Those Who Know Jehovah Well

17 When we conduct Bible studies with people, we try to explain basic Bible teachings on such subjects as the condition of the dead, the ransom, and God's Kingdom.

17. What important truth should we help our Bible students to understand?

In addition to explaining how meetings are organized, the work of the elders, and the direction given by the Governing Body, it is important for them to get to know Jehovah better.

(Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, those who come to know Jehovah will have the prospect of living forever. (1 John 5:20) Moreover, the Bible assures us that those who work hard to know and love Jehovah are known by him. (1 Cor. 8:3) Yes, we are truly known and respected by Almighty God as his friends. What a blessing it is to know the truth!

18. What blessings come from getting to know Jehovah better?

PAGE 24 - Demonstrate how Marianne, a Bible student, refused a lucrative job.

HOW would you answer?

■ Why should a Bible student come to know Jehovah intimately?

■ How can you help your Bible student to see Jehovah as he is?

■ How can we help our Bible students to apply what they are learning?

CHURCH 84 Supporting the Work

The meaning of life

I Let Jehovah Continue to Train Me

As told by KEN KIUCHI

I WILL never forget the first time I set foot in the printery at Bethel in Brooklyn, New York, U.S.A. I had never seen the noise of the presses, the dust from the paperwork, and the oil all over the building.

I saw many things, but what impressed me the most were the brothers and sisters who worked there, who showed me what it means to be humble in Jehovah's service, not to mention the humble work done by young men and women, who worked hard and were rewarded for their hard work.

Over the years, Jehovah has continued to train me to serve him better. I was a Buddhist, but first let me tell you how I came to know the truth.

Seeing God in My Early Years

I was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. As the eldest of four children, my parents moved from Japan to Chicago with the hope of making a better life for themselves and their children in America.

My parents were devout Buddhists, and my mother grew up in a Buddhist temple, where her father and two of her brothers were priests. I grew up in a Buddhist household. When I got home from school, the first thing I did was to offer incense, rice, and water to the household Buddha, and then on Sundays, we would go to our Buddhist temple to pray to a god who looked like a household idol, but who was much larger than gold.

When I was about seven years old, I remember that one day I looked silently at the god in our house and wondered, What will happen to me when I die? Buddhism had taught me that after I die I will continue to live in the spirit realm.

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Matt. 5:3) Deep down in my heart, I wanted to find answers to my questions about the existence of a higher, living God, so I bought a copy of the King James Version of the Bible.

Wilson read Revelation 17:1 to me, and he asked me, "What do you think the many waters on which the harlot sits represent?" I had no idea, so he showed me Revelation 17:15, which says that the waters represent people. After the conversation, Wilson handed me a copy of the book The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life, a little book that changed my life.

Ten days later, I attended my first meeting at the Kingdom Hall, and I will never forget the warmth I received there. I never missed a meeting after that, and Wilson began to study the Bible with me, often for eight hours at a time.

Leaving School to Become a Pioneer

At the time of my baptism, I was studying to become a doctor at a prestigious university - something my parents had sacrificed so that I could pursue - but I wanted to serve Jehovah full-time and give my best to his service.

I loved my parents and did not want to hurt them, so I would often go to school at night and sit outside and cry out to Jehovah: Please help me to make the right decision. Eventually, I decided to quit school, and my father told me to move out of the house. I felt that I had made the right decision.

Like a bird released from its nest, I was now able to serve Jehovah full-time, so in 1984 I began pioneering.

One day when I was discouraged because I had no companion to work with in the afternoon, I did not want to leave, but I hurried off. About two hours later, I arrived at a house that was empty.

With Wilson Bashou, who introduced me to the truth

JULY 2026

27

Showing visitors the factory in Brooklyn

With Michiko Oda and her husband

I was tired and lonely, and I could hardly wait for the rain to fall, so I went upstairs and saw a young man from the Philippines. I thought to myself, 'Wow, he won't listen to me!'

I Learned Much at Brooklyn Bethel

In 1985, after two years with Wilson, I was invited to serve at Brooklyn Bethel, where I was assigned to work in the bookbinding department, as I recalled at the outset. One day, while working on a typewriter, I accidentally damaged several covers of books. The brother in charge of the branch respectfully told me, 'If you do something wrong, don't forget to apologize.' That day I learned that when I was wrong, I had to admit it and apologize.

One afternoon, I was sitting at a table with Brother Milton Henschel, a member of the Governing Body, and the room was packed, and the brothers serving seemed to be coming and going. I still remember Brother Henschel's humble service to his brothers, which reminded me of Jesus' service to the apostles. - John 13:3-5.

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

You have to learn Japanese!

When I visited Japan in 1987, I was impressed by the zeal and humility of the brothers there. I wanted to help them, but I had a problem with my Japanese.

In 1989, I attended my first Japanese-language assembly in Los Angeles, California, where a pioneer sister named Miwako Onami was treated to a dramatic program.

Miwako and I were married in 1992, and we have enjoyed serving together at Brooklyn Bethel. I am a caring person who is always willing to do something for others.

Visiting the Japan Bethel and later serving as pioneers

Some years later, when Miwako's parents in Japan became seriously ill, the brothers at Brooklyn Bethel invited us to serve at Japan's Bethel so that we could be near Miwako's parents and take care of them, and we moved there in 1999.

I was deeply impressed by the kindness and generosity of the Japanese brothers and sisters, and I learned that in Japanese culture, cooperation is more important than selfishness. Their example taught me to be humble and to cooperate with others, and it helped me to see that the little I can do contributes to the fulfillment of Jehovah's purpose.

Our wedding day

Eventually, I came to realize that Jehovah can bless any decision we make, as long as we follow the direction of the congregation, and that we cannot succeed without his guidance.

During the 40 years that Moses spent as a shepherd, Jehovah helped him to cultivate humility. Like Moses, I was self-confident and proud because of my limited education, but Bethel taught me to be humble and to rely on Jehovah.

JULY 29th, 2026

Miwako's mother, Masako, was in a wheelchair for the last few weeks of her life, but her love for Jehovah never diminished. Every time she spoke about the truth, she was filled with gratitude, and despite her trials, she continued to serve Jehovah joyfully. This is something I want to learn.

In 2024, after serving at Bethel for over 30 years, we were invited to serve as special pioneers on the island of Okinawa, where we had the privilege of witnessing to families in nearby military camps. Every day, Miwako and I thank Jehovah for allowing us to serve in this way.

Getting Educated in Jehovah's Way

(Mark 10:29, 30) I have personally experienced the truth of these words, and I cannot even begin to count the many loving, caring brothers and sisters I have found in other parts of the world.

The book of truth that Wilson gave me is still with me, and it reminds me of how Jehovah helped me to find him. (1 Chron. 28:9) I am determined to let Jehovah continue to train me and to help others to come to a knowledge of the truth that leads to everlasting life.

Serving at Japan's Bethel

Preaching with Miwako in Okinawa

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Make Peace With Your Brother Before You Go

IF YOU have been hurt by the actions of one of Jehovah's Witnesses, and your relationship with him or her has been strained, do not hesitate to make peace with him or her.*

For example, if a person has a bone fracture, he should consult a doctor so that the bone can be repaired gradually. If the person does not see a doctor, the pain will not go away, and the bone may never heal.

(Matt. 5:25) So if you have a problem with a brother, take the initiative to speak to him or her, but consider two reasons why it may be easier to do so.

At first, you may not want to talk about what happened, and you may not even be ready. So you may feel that you are ignoring it.* Consider Euodia and Syntyche.

(Matt. 5:23, 24) On the other hand, if we have committed a serious sin, we may need to seek the help of the elders.* (Matt. 18:17) First, we need to apply the counsel found at Matthew 18:15, 16, and if that does not work, then we can seek the help of the elders.

# If a fellow Christian does something that offends you, and if it is not a serious matter, you can overlook it. - Prov. 26:20

(Phil. 4:2) To restore their friendship, they needed to be humble, open-hearted, and willing to forgive.

Second, you may feel that your sibling is at fault and should apologize, but the important thing is not to feel good about it, but to restore the relationship. The doctor who treats a fractured bone is more interested in maintaining the bone than in seeing what caused the fracture.

The Bible says: "Do not let the sun go down with you in a provoked state". (Eph. 4:26) If you do your best to make peace with your brother, you will contribute to the preservation of the peaceful bond that unites us. - Eph. 4:1-3.

July 31, 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

July 2026 - Vol. 147, No. 7 of the book of Revelation

What is the Bible's answer to this question?

Learn From the Gibeonites

Study articles for September 14-20

14 Keep Getting to Know Jehovah Better

20 Help Others to Know Jehovah Better

26 I Continued to Receive Jehovah's Training

Make Peace With Your Brother Before You Die! 31

The Science of Learning

How to Give Encouraging Answers

(Heb. 10:24, 25) What can help us to know how to give encouraging comments?

• Ask Jehovah to help you give comments that honor him and encourage others. - Ps. 35:18.

• Make it your goal to read the answers directly from the publication. In your own words, you will encourage others and show that you have faith in Jehovah.

• Keep your comments short. At the meetings, your concise, clear comments touch the heart and open the way for others to talk. - Prov. 10:19.

• Be encouraging in your comments, not slanderous or judgmental.

Listen to the person's comments, and then commend him or her. - Prov. 10:21.

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work that is supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org, or click on the link below

JW.ORG ® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

What is the Bible's answer to that question?