SEPTEMBER 2026 What is the future?

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article will be published in the January 1, 2015, issue of Jehovah's Witnesses.

NOVEMBER 2 to 8, 2026

3 - Our Strength, Hope, and Confidence

What is included in the study?

Why we can be confident that Jehovah will protect us now and in the future.

Be Confident of Jehovah's Protection

You have said: "Jehovah is my refuge". - Ps. 91:9.

IN THE last days of the present system of things, Jehovah will put "his thought" into the hearts of the nations so that they will give their authority to the wild beast, representing the United Nations.* (Rev. 17:17) Then, along with the world's political powers, the wild beast will unite against the world empire of false religion, destroying it once and for all. (Rev. 17:16) That will mark the beginning of the great tribulation.

(Ezek. 38:14-16) The book True Worship Has Reclaimed Jehovah! explains why: "Satan will continue to stir up the nations, with the goal of annihilating Jehovah's servants and wiping out true worship from the face of the earth.

3 This world will be destroyed when Jesus and the heavenly armies arrive

* See "Questions From Readers" in the November 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

1-2. What earth-shaking events are near?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

No, for Jehovah promises to protect us, as recorded at Psalm 91:7: "A thousand will fall at your side, and ten thousand at your right hand; but it will not come near to you". Let us consider Psalm 91 more closely and answer the following questions: What kind of protection does Psalm 91 foretell? How does Jehovah protect us today? How will he protect us in the future?

Reason to Be Confident of Jehovah's Protection

(Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Imagine yourself under the protection of the wings of the Almighty, the Most High! (Ruth 2:12; Ps. 17:8) The words "refuge" and "tower" remind us of the ancient city walls that protected the city and its inhabitants. In the next few verses, the psalmist gives us a vivid picture of how Jehovah protects his people. - Ps. 91:3-13.

5 The concluding words of Psalm 91

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 assure us of Jehovah's protection?

5-6. What does Jehovah promise us at Psalm 91:14-16, and what assurance does it give us?

(Read Psalm 91:14-16.) Note, too, the words I will protect him, I will protect him, I will uphold him, I will stand by him, I will give him rest. Jehovah promises to deliver his people because they trust in him, know his name, and call upon him. (Josh. 23:14) Jehovah promises that he will protect his people because he is the Creator! - Num. 23:19.

6 Jehovah inspired the writing of Psalm 91 because he knows that it can help us to have confidence in his protection. (Rom. 15:4) Hence, we can echo the psalmist's words: "You are my refuge and my stronghold". (Ps. 91:2) What protection, then, can we expect from Jehovah?

What assurance does Psalm 91 provide?

7 Our publications have explained that Psalm 91 is part of Jehovah's promise to protect us spiritually. We can be confident that Jehovah will provide us with what we need to maintain our relationship with him.

7. According to Psalm 91, what protection does Jehovah provide?

SEPTEMBER 2026 What is the future?

3

8 Citing Psalm 91:11, 12, Satan tried to tempt Jesus with the idea that Jehovah would send angels to protect him from harm if he jumped from the temple tower. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.)

(2 Ki. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) Jesus knew that if he risked his life, he could not expect Jehovah to send angels to protect him, just as Satan used the words of Psalm 91 to accuse Jehovah of physically protecting his servants. Yet, it would have been a mistake to invite Jesus to risk his life to test Jehovah.* Jesus' reply to Satan helps us to understand that Psalm 91 assures us that Jehovah will not only protect his people from enemy attack but also provide us with spiritual protection and peace.

10 Jehovah's promise found in Psalm 91

* In the past, our publications explained that Psalm 91 refers to Jehovah's promise of spiritual protection and that Satan was behind the claim that Psalm 91 was a promise to protect his worshippers from harm or harm. - See The Watchtower, December 1, 1974, page 722.

8-9. How did Jesus respond to Satan's temptations, and what can we learn from Jesus' response? (Matthew 4:5-7)

10. Of what can we be confident?

Therefore, we have no reason to be terrified by the momentous events that will soon sweep the earth. Let us reflect on how Jehovah protects us now and how he will protect us in the future.

HOW does Jehovah protect us?

(Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) Let us consider some of the ways in which Jehovah helps us to fight our sinful inclinations.

12 Jehovah has provided us with his Word, the Bible, which warns us not only about wrong desires but also tells us how to fight them. Consider, for example, Jesus' words recorded at Matthew 5:28, 29: "Everyone that keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart".

(Jas. 1:14, 15) To overcome such temptations, we need to take to heart Jesus' counsel: "If, now, that right eye of yours is making you stumble, tear it out and throw it away from you".

11. How does Jehovah protect us spiritually?

12-13. What can help us to fight immoral desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

The Watchtower

Jehovah provides us with spiritual provisions to help us stay spiritually strong (See paragraph 15)

(Col. 3:5) Applying this counsel safeguards our relationship with Jehovah, and we can be confident that he will not allow us to lose our friendship with him.

(Luke 11:9-13) The apostle Paul wrote: "Keep walking by spirit, and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all". (Gal. 5:16) The English-language rendering of this verse reads: "A spiritual person seeks the guidance of God's holy spirit, allowing his thoughts and actions to be influenced by it". Although he may have developed wrong desires, he does not resist them completely; he quickly overcomes them.

15 Jehovah also provides us with spiritual food at the right time by means of his organization, which helps us to maintain our spirituality.

14. How does holy spirit help us?

15. (a) How does Jehovah use his Word to help us to maintain our spirituality? (b) What can we do to help us to maintain our spirituality?

SEPTEMBER 2026 5th day of the year

(Matt. 4:3; 6:13) Through Jehovah's organization, we receive an abundance of spiritual food that deepens our appreciation for Jehovah's forgiveness and assures us of his faithfulness in caring for our needs. - Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 11:9. (Heb. 13:5) Do you recall a time when you read something in one of our publications or watched a video that touched your heart and made you say, 'This is what they did for me?'

(Rev. 2:10; 6:9) Nevertheless, the few of our brothers who have been killed by Satan's enemies are not insignificant to him, and he is not as angry as he would like all of Jehovah's faithful servants to be. (Matt. 24:9; Rev. 12:9-12) But that will never happen!

(Prov. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) In the meantime, though, we cannot expect Jehovah to deliver us from our problems, for Satan's claim that we serve Jehovah out of self-sacrifice would prove false to Satan and his angels. (Job 1:10, 11) Because Jehovah wants to sanctify his name and prove Satan to be a liar, he has been long-suffering toward those who persecute his servants.* (Rom. 9:22) However, in the near future, Jehovah will take action to eliminate all suffering, and until then, he will give us the strength we need to endure and to keep our relationship with him intact. - 1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

HOW will Jehovah protect us forever?

(Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Rather, Jehovah will use Jesus Christ and the heavenly armies to destroy our enemies, which will trigger the battle of Armageddon. (Rev. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah protect his people at Armageddon?

19 We have no reason to fear the impending destruction at Armageddon, for we have made Jehovah our refuge and our stronghold.

16. (a) What kind of trials does Jehovah allow some of his servants to experience? (b) What does Jehovah do for his servants?

17. Why do we not expect Jehovah to rescue us instantly?

18. How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

19-20. Why do we not have to fear the impending destruction of Jehovah's enemies at Armageddon? (See also opening pictures.)

6

The Watchtower

When Jesus and his heavenly armies come to destroy the world at Armageddon, not one of God's enemies will be seen, but we are confident that Jehovah will not allow our enemies to destroy any of us at that time

(Jer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) But because we trust in Jehovah's heart, we can be confident that he will not allow any of our enemies - demons or humans - to destroy us. - Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

20 At Armageddon, we may see with our own eyes the fulfillment of the psalmist's sobering words: "A thousand will fall at your side, and ten thousand at your right hand; but it will not come near to you. With your eyes you will see, and you will see the recompense of the wicked ones, because you said: 'Jehovah is my refuge, and you have made the Most High your dwelling place.'" (Ps. 91:7-9) When Armageddon strikes, we can be confident that Jehovah will provide spiritual and physical protection for all, as well as peace. Since you have said: "Jehovah is my refuge", Jehovah also promises you that he will not leave you alone.

PICTURE DESCRIPTION: During Armageddon, Jehovah will protect us from harm and bring us peace.

HOW would you answer?

■ What protection does Psalm 91 say Jehovah will provide?

■ How does Jehovah protect us today?

■ How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

8 Jehovah Is Our Refuge

November 9 to 15, 2026

We Safeguard Our Hearts

What is included in the study?

What will help us to obey Jehovah wholeheartedly?

How to Be Fully Obedient to Jehovah

Be obedient from the heart. - ROM. 6:17.

(Matt. 23:5) However, one reason why we obey Jehovah's commands is that they are beneficial in every way - in our daily life, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, in our ministry, and in our ministry. - Isa. 48:17, 18.

2 The primary reason we obey Jehovah is that we love him deeply. (Matt. 22:37, 38) Our love for him moves us to obey him wholeheartedly. (Rom. 6:17) We obey Jehovah because we love him, whether we know it or not, whether we are observed or not. Next, we will consider the fine example of King Jehoshaphat of Judah.

They obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey and obey

3 Before delivering the Israelites from Egypt, Jehovah gave them instructions that would have been difficult to obey

1. What motivates some to obey rulers or authorities?

2. What is the primary reason for obeying Jehovah?

Why might it have been difficult for the Israelites to obey Jehovah's command not to sprinkle animal blood on their doorposts? (See also illustrations.)

8

Although the Egyptians might have provoked the Israelites, they obeyed Jehovah's direction (See paragraph 3)

(Ex. 12:5, 7) The Israelites who obeyed that commandment were not to kill the firstborn of their household, whether human or animal, but they could have reasoned that they were afraid of being attacked by the Egyptians because the Egyptians were sheep farmers. (Gen. 12:28) Their obedience also spared their firstborn.

4 After the Israelites left Egypt that very night, Jehovah gave them unambiguous instructions: Turn southward, between the Red Sea and the mountains, where they would be trapped between Pharaoh and his army and the Red Sea, and obey Jehovah's direction through Moses. (Ex. 14:1-4) But when the Israelites saw the Egyptians pursuing them, they became fearful and blamed Moses for bringing them to their deaths. (Ex. 14:5-11) Why did they repent of their earlier course of obedience, and how did Jehovah view it?

5 At the Red Sea, the Israelites either failed to appreciate Jehovah's wonderful acts of loving-kindness or failed to express appreciation for his loyal love. (Read Psalm 106:7.) Even after they followed Moses across the Red Sea, the Israelites did not change their ways; they continued to disobey Jehovah.

4. After the Israelites left Egypt, what direction did Jehovah give to those who misunderstood him?

5. Why did Jehovah reject Israel? (Psalm 106:7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 9th of the year

(Ps. 106:21, 24-26) What can we learn from this?

Learn From the Deeds of the Israelites

6 When we receive direction from Jehovah or from those taking the lead in the congregation, we might ask ourselves: 'Do I obey the direction because it is reasonable and beneficial, perhaps because some Israelites wanted to protect their firstborn by putting the blood of a ram on their doorposts, or because my obedience to Jehovah was based on the example of others?' (Ex. 14:10-12) We do not want to be like the Israelites, who trusted and obeyed Jehovah or those who took the lead when they gave them direction. (Read Jeremiah 23:4) Humility will help us to obey Jehovah's direction, even when it seems unreasonable or even offensive to our enemies.

7 Increase your love for Jehovah. If we do not understand or understand some direction we receive from Jehovah's organization, or if we find it difficult to apply it, why not keep our love for Jehovah strong?

(1 John 5:3) Our love for Jehovah helps us to wait patiently until the time comes when we will see that our obedience is worthwhile. - Eccl. 7:8; Mic. 7:7.

8 Today, even when we do not fully understand or understand the practical application of certain directives, we can remain humble. For example, during the outbreak of COVID-19, guests were encouraged to conduct Bible studies by telephone or by zoom. Toward the end of 2020, the Governing Body approved a new program that included study groups and sign-language groups. A sister in Japan, who benefited from the program, said: "I want to be obedient, not disobedient. I know that this change will bring many blessings.

9 Prepare for opposition: We can continue to preach the good news today, even if we face opposition in the future, and we can continue to preach freely in many lands.

6. How will trusting in Jehovah help us? (Jeremiah 23:4)

7. How will a strong love for Jehovah help us to be obedient?

8. How did two brothers show that they were determined to obey Jehovah?

9. What can we do to prepare for opposition? (See also pictures.)

10 The Watchtower

(Matt. 24:14) Also, during the great tribulation, our preaching work may be limited, giving people the opportunity to take sides with human governments or with God's Kingdom. (Deut. 16:21) We are preparing ourselves to face opposition by obeying Jehovah and continuing to declare the good news, regardless of what others may say.

Learn From the Obedience of King Jehoshaphat

10 In the Bible, we find many examples of obedience.

* See "Questions From Readers" in the August 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

10. What was King Jehoshaphat's reaction to the coalition of nations that threatened Judah?

(2 Chron. 20:1-3) But instead of being overwhelmed by fear, Jehoshaphat looked to Jehovah for direction. Let us see what we can learn from Jehoshaphat's example.

11 Make it your determination to seek Jehovah's direction and follow it. (2 Chron. 20:3) Jehoshaphat had the habit of seeking Jehovah's direction in all things. (2 Chron. 19:3) So when the nations gathered against Judah, Jehoshaphat felt the urgency to seek Jehovah and obey his direction. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12) When faced with a problem, we too can seek Jehovah's guidance and learn from it, confident that he will help us. If we do, we will be imitating Jehoshaphat. - Ps. 119:112.

11. What did Jehoshaphat do when he was afraid? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

By obeying the voice of Jehovah, we are preparing for future opposition (See paragraph 9)

11

Shepherds obey Jehovah, the flock, and their fellow shepherds (See paragraph 16)

(Gen. 12:7) Jehoshaphat's prayer was similar to Solomon's prayer at the dedication of the temple. (2 Chron. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) The knowledge that Jehoshaphat acquired helped him to rely on Jehovah and to be determined to obey him.

Yet, before all the people, Jehoshaphat humbly appealed to Jehovah for help because they did not know what to do. (2 Chron. 20:12) Because Jehoshaphat was humble, he responded quickly to Jehovah's direction, and we too can be humble. - Phil. 2:5, 8.

12. How can we strengthen our resolve to obey Jehovah?

13. How will humility benefit us?

Through the prophet Jahaziel, Jehovah gave Jehoshaphat clear instructions that the people should not fight. The prophet Jahaziel told them: "Stand still, stand still, and see the salvation of Jehovah.

15 Because of his strong faith, Jehoshaphat consulted with the people and appointed singers to lead the army. (2 Chron. 20:21) Notice, too, that Jehoshaphat consulted with the people, encouraging them to trust in Jehovah and obey him, and with his blessing, the enemy was defeated. - 2 Chron. 20:22-24.

14. How did Jehoshaphat respond to Jehovah's direction, and what effect did that have on the people?

15. How did Jehoshaphat show strong faith?

12 The Watchtower

16 Elders, parents, and elders can imitate Jehoshaphat's heartfelt obedience, which can be compared to that of King Solomon, who prayed for a humble heart so that he could rule his people wisely. (Read 1 Kings 3:9) Jehoshaphat humbly listened to God's prophet before making important decisions, and he encouraged his people to seek Jehovah's direction. Like Jehoshaphat, Christian elders seek Jehovah's direction in his Word and in congregation publications before making decisions that affect the congregation.

(Prov. 15:22) By their words and example, elders encourage God's people to be wholeheartedly obedient to Jehovah, and parents should remember that their children will learn from them and that their obedience to Jehovah will make it easier for them to do the same. - Prov. 1:8; 14:1.

17 No matter where we are in life, we need to trust in Jehovah, seek his direction, and obey him, and he will not fail us. As he did in the past, he uses the Governing Body and the appointed elders to guide his servants today.

16. How can parents and elders imitate Jehoshaphat? (1 Ki. 3:9) (See also the picture.)

17. Why should we always be obedient to Jehovah?

HOW would you answer?

■ What can we learn from the disobedience of the Israelites on their return from Egypt?

■ What did Jehoshaphat do that showed that he had a humble heart?

■ How can we imitate Jehoshaphat?

PS 88 Make known to me your ways

November 16 to 22, 2026

Preaching the Good News in All the Languages of the Nations

CHURCH 84 Supporting the Work

Consider how Jehovah's Witnesses have fulfilled the prophecy found at Zechariah 8:23.

"In those days ten men from every nation and tongue will take hold of the robe of a Jew.

WHEN the tower of Babel was being built, Jehovah confused the languages of the people and dispersed them throughout the earth (Gen. 11:6-9). Yet, Jehovah has promised to gather an unnumbered great crowd out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues and to bring them through the great tribulation into the new world.* (Rev. 7:9, 10, 14) When the great tribulation strikes, how can people of all languages trust that Jehovah will rescue them? (Read Romans 10:13, 14) What a privilege it is to share in this lifesaving work!

2 Centuries before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, Jehovah inspired the prophet Zechariah to foretell that many nations would join themselves to Jehovah as his people. (Zech. 2:11) Zechariah later prophesied: "This is what Jehovah of armies has said: 'In those days ten men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold, yes, they will take hold of the skirt of a man who is a Jew . . . and they will say: "Let us go with you, for you are Jehovah's people".

1. Why is it important to preach the good news in many languages? (Romans 10:13, 14)

2. What prophecy did Jehovah give through the prophet Zechariah?

14

(Zech. 8:23) Let us consider what we can do to share in the fulfillment of this prophecy.

THE PRESENTER: Ten people who make a difference in the world

3 In Zechariah's prophecy, the "Jewish man" represents the anointed ones of "the spiritual Israel" (Gal. 6:16) who have the heavenly hope. (Heb. 3:1) The "ten men" are the meek ones who have the hope of living forever in Paradise on earth.

4 After Christ's appointment of the faithful and discreet slave in 1919, the need to translate the Bible's message into more languages became acute. (Matt. 24:45) The Bible Students had begun to broadcast the "Photo-Drama of Creation" in many countries, but the faithful slave saw the need to expand its distribution. In 1935, the faithful slave's understanding that a "great crowd" of "ten peoples of all the tongues" would occupy the earth's surface moved those taking the lead to see the need for increased activity, and in fulfillment of Zechariah's prophecy, plans were made to extend the preaching work to the ends of the earth.

Your nation will be transformed into a kingdom

As Isaiah foretold, many from all nations are streaming to Jehovah's footstool to be taught by him. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) To accomplish this, God's people have made great sacrifices, including translating, printing, and distributing Bible literature. (Ps. 68:11; 110:3) In addition, the jw.org website and the JW Library® app have helped many people to hear the good news in their own language.

6 One way that we show our appreciation for the spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave is by contributing to the worldwide preaching work. As a result of such contributions and the efforts of our brothers and sisters, we are able to produce Bible literature in over 1,100 languages, resulting in the baptism of thousands of people each year.

7 Today, though people in the world say

3. Who today are represented by the "man of Judah" and the "ten men" of Zechariah's prophecy?

4. When Christ appointed the faithful and discreet slave in 1919, what did he realize?

5-6. How is Isaiah 2:2-4 being fulfilled today? (See also pictures.)

7. How should we feel about the fulfillment of Zechariah and John's prophecies? (Revelation 14:6)

SEPTEMBER 15, 2026 What is the meaning of life?

People of many languages benefit from the spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave (See paragraphs 5-6)

(Read Revelation 14:6.) As we observe the fulfillment of Zechariah's and John's prophecies, we can be confident that God is using his organization to preach the good news.

(Acts 2:4-10) Why? Because he wanted his disciples to tell the crowds "the magnificent things of God" in their own tongues. (Acts 2:11) Today, we have literature and videos available in many languages, so we can say that we are teaching people in their own language.

9 To illustrate how important it is for people to hear the good news in their own language, consider the following comparison: If you travel to a foreign land and are diagnosed with a serious illness, you need to see a doctor, but you do not understand the language of the doctor, so you need to be interpreted.

What Jehovah Is Doing Today

8 At Pentecost 33 C.E., Jehovah performed a miracle, revealing that just as he had confused the language of the whole world at Babylon,

8. What miracle did Jehovah perform at Pentecost 33 C.E.?

9. How can we preach to people who do not understand our language?

16 The Watchtower

So we can use the Bible to bring comfort and hope to people who speak a different language, even if they do not speak our language.

10 Consider the experience of Robert, who speaks English. While witnessing on the street, he met a man from Turkey who was working in a border area. Robert gave him a copy of the brochure Good News From God! in Turkic, which he understood well. The man was amazed and exclaimed: Oh, you speak my language! Robert said: We talked for about an hour. At the end of the conversation, he realized that the Bible is a precious book that can be applied in his life. What a privilege it is to help people understand the Bible in their own language!

11 You may be surprised at how effective it can be to offer a tract or to show a page on jw.org in a person's native language.

10-11. What do you learn from Robert's experience, and what lessons do you learn from the experience in the box entitled "From Fear to Hope"?

Lub Neej huam tshab Qab Ntut Tshiab thiab Tsoom

From Doubts to Hope

One day, an English-speaking sister sent her a tract entitled Life in a New World Without Peace in the Hmong language. The Bible's message that she read in the tract was so powerful that it touched her heart and gave her hope for a better future. One of her daughters soon learned the truth, took Youa to a Hmong-language meeting, and arranged for a Bible study. A tract in her mother tongue helped her to learn about Jehovah and to start serving him.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17th of the year

Jehovah's name is being made known worldwide

12 The work of translating the Bible has taken place in modern times.* The hard work of Bible translators has made it possible for people to read God's Word in their mother tongue. In recent years, one of the tools that has helped to unite Jehovah's people around the world has been the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures. This translation, in whole or in part, has been translated into more than 300 languages, and because it is used by Jehovah's people around the world, we share the same message of the Bible in all our languages, because the Bible we use is accurate and clear. (1 Cor. 1:10) But there is much more to this translation.

13 Not all popular translations of the Bible contain the divine name, Jehovah.

* About 150 years before Christ, the first complete translation of the Hebrew Scriptures into Greek, known as the Greek Septuagint, was produced.

12. How have Jehovah's people benefited from the New World Translation?

13. Why do many translations of the Bible omit God's name?

Yet, the clergy of Christendom, who claim to represent God, do not use the divine name Jehovah, nor do they want people to know it or even call on it. Like the Catholic Church, many churches have removed the divine name from their Bibles and publications.* Similarly, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has restored the divine name, Jehovah, wherever it appears in the original language. Let us consider why it is important for people to know God's name.

14 The Bible highlights the importance of knowing and using God's name, for example, in the book of Psalms, where it is stated that Jehovah's name should be sanctified. (Ps. 135:1) However, in his model prayer to Jehovah, Jesus also said: "Let your name be sanctified". (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) The apostle Paul also quoted the prophet Joel as saying: "Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved". (Rom. 10:13) How does this command apply to translations of the Bible that omit God's name?

15 Most of Jehovah's Witnesses in

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI issued a decree that Catholics should not use God's personal name in worship, singing, and praying. See also The Watchtower of October 1, 1997, pages 16-18, pp. 4-8.

14. Why is it important for people to know and use God's name?

15. How should we feel about God's name, Jehovah?

18 The Watchtower

What a privilege it is to know God's name and its meaning! - Prov. 18:10; Isa. 56:6.

(Rev. 16:14) At that time, Jehovah will protect those who know him and trust in him. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3) But those who do not accept Jehovah as their Father and God will be moved to acknowledge his sovereignty as the Almighty, as Jehovah declares: "I shall magnify myself and sanctify my name, and I shall make myself known before the eyes of many nations. (Isa. 38:23) At that time, how happy Jehovah's servants will be to know that Jehovah is their Friend who will rescue them! - Mal. 3:16.

16. Why is it especially important now that people come to know Jehovah? (John 17:3)

17 How privileged we are to share in the fulfillment of Zechariah 8:23! We have the privilege of working with not only our brothers but also the heavenly hosts, whom Jehovah is using to help us to preach the good news to people of all nations and tribes and tongues, and we are equipped to preach to people of all nations, tribes, and tongues. Until Jehovah's name is sanctified, let us be zealous in preaching the good news and making his name known to all. - Luke 11:2.

17. What privilege has Jehovah given us?

HOW would you answer?

■ Who are the "Jewish man" and the "ten men" mentioned at Zechariah 8:23?

■ What makes it possible for people of all languages to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why is it important that people know and use Jehovah's name?

CHURCH 57 Preaching to People of All Sorts

November 23 to 29, 2026

A Pattern of Love

What is included in the study?

how Jehovah's priestly arrangement helps us to draw close to him.

How the Priesthood - A Witness of Jehovah's Love

Every high priest who is chosen from among men is appointed to represent them.

Whether we want to or not, all of us need help because we are imperfect, sinful, and alienated from God. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) Sin is like a chasm between us and God that we cannot cross without help.

2 In this article, we will consider how the priesthood arrangement benefited faithful men and women in ancient times, how it benefits us today, and how it will benefit us in the future.

1. Why is comfort urgently needed by all mankind?

2. What will we consider in this article?

20

Sin caused a rift between us and Jehovah; the priesthood provides a means by which we can approach him (See paragraph 3)

HOW the Priests Helped the Ancient Israelites

3 The apostle Paul explained why Jehovah appointed a High Priest for the nation of Israel. (Read Hebrews 5:1.) The high priesthood was a means of approach to Jehovah that was available to the Israelites.

Malachi 2:7 states: "The lips of the priest should preserve knowledge, and people should seek the law from his mouth, because he is the messenger of Jehovah of armies". Clearly explained and understood, they helped the people to apply God's laws and to maintain their spiritual balance. - Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Second, the priests were responsible for helping the people to become spiritually clean by means of animal sacrifices, which were used to atone for the sins of the nation. (Ps. 51:9) Thus, Jehovah arranged for priests to offer animal sacrifices on their behalf.

According to Hebrews 5:1, how did the priesthood play a role in bringing the Israelites closer to Jehovah? (See also illustrations.)

4. What did the priests do as God's representatives on behalf of Israel?

5. How did Israel's priests contribute to the spiritual welfare of the people, and what does this reveal about Jehovah?

SEPTEMBER 21 of the year 2026

He is loving, merciful, and cares for his servants, and in the end wants them to live forever.

How Jehovah Served His Servants in the Past, How He Serves Them Today, and How He Serves Them in the Future

(Gen. 8:20) Abraham built an altar to offer sacrifices to Jehovah (Gen. 12:7, 8) and Job offered up burnt offerings for his sons (Job 1:5) So it is evident that some priests were appointed long before the Levites became priests in Israel. Jehovah told the Israelites that the priests, or family heads, who regularly appeared before Jehovah had to be clean so that they would not be put to death. - Ex. 19:22.

(Gen. 14:18) The Messiah was also a king, and Jehovah promised that the Messiah would be a king and a priest like Melchizedek to benefit mankind forever. - Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

(Ex. 40:12-15) The High Priest offered sacrifices on behalf of the nation, and the other Levites assisted the priests in offering individual sacrifices on behalf of the nation. Jehovah gave specific instructions on the nature, purpose, and manner of the sacrifices. This arrangement was a foreshadowing of something that was yet to come.

9 When Jesus was baptized, he became the High Priest of Jehovah's great spiritual temple. (Heb. 8:1) Later, when he offered his perfect human life as a ransom sacrifice for sins, Jesus continued to serve as our High Priest and the means by which we can approach God. (Heb. 9:24) The 144,000 anointed ones will serve alongside Jesus as our High Priest and as priests and kings in God's Kingdom. (Rom. 1:3, 4; 2:9) After their heavenly resurrection, we eagerly await the time when they will work with God and Christ to bring obedient mankind to perfection and transform the earth into a paradise!

10 Since ancient times, Jehovah has used the priesthood arrangement to enable his people to approach him and have a good relationship with him. The high priesthood sacrifices emphasized to the Israelites the need for a ransom.

6. What roles did family heads have that were similar to those of the priests?

7. Who was Melchizedek, and how did he resemble the Messiah?

8. What arrangements for the priesthood were made under the Mosaic Law?

9-10. Who will rule with Jesus during the Thousand Year Reign?

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

HOW the ministry draws us closer to Jehovah

11 The priesthood arrangement shows that Jehovah wants us to draw close to him and to have a close relationship with him, even though we have been separated from him because of sin. Jehovah wants us to have a close relationship with him, to be accepted by him, to have a relationship with him, and to enjoy everlasting life. (2 Cor. 5:18) He knows that we did not choose to have a relationship with him because our ancestor Adam passed it on to us.

12 Jesus also wants us to have a close relationship with Jehovah. (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25) As our High Priest, Jesus' intercession may focus on our background, training, health, past experiences, good qualities, and faithfulness. So we can be confident that Jehovah will hear Jesus' plea for us, for his mercy is abundant and he is willing to forgive. (Ps. 86:5) Yes, Jehovah has provided Jesus to intercede on our behalf.

13 As for the priesthood, it is written:

11. How does the priesthood arrangement show that Jehovah wants us to draw close to him and to have a relationship with him?

12. Why is it comforting to know that Jesus is our High Priest and intercessor? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also the accompanying picture.)

13. According to Hebrews 4:16, what further benefit does the priesthood provide?

As our High Priest, Jesus looks at our good conduct, our loyalty, our prayers for forgiveness, and our efforts to do what is right (See paragraph 12)

(Read Hebrews 4:16.) Because of Jesus' role as our High Priest, we can approach Jehovah freely in prayer at any time. Jehovah is pleased to see that we express our heartfelt feelings to him, thus demonstrating our faith and trust in him. (Rom. 8:26) Nevertheless, since Jehovah understands and hears our petitions, we should not hesitate to pour out our heart to our heavenly Father. Because he loves us, and his word is truth.

(Ezek. 33:11) Rather, they foreshadowed the perfect sacrifice that Christ Jesus would offer in the future, making it possible for us to have our sins completely forgiven on the basis of Jesus' sacrifice and to have the hope of everlasting life if we serve Jehovah faithfully.

(Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) They must strive to remain loyal to Jehovah under all circumstances, and with Jesus and his 144,000 loyal companions, we can be confident that during Christ's Thousand Year Reign, we will be progressively brought to perfection, free from sin, imperfection, and sickness. Together with Jesus, they will oversee the transformation of the earth into a paradise and the fulfillment of all Jehovah's promises, all of which will be made possible by Jesus' ransom sacrifice. - Rev. 22:1, 2.

16 Our High Priest, Jesus, can sympathize with us because he experienced the same things when he was on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Have you ever felt that you were too tired to do anything, even as Jesus did? (John 4:6) Have you ever been hungry or thirsty, and Jesus knows what that feels like. (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28) As one of Jehovah's Witnesses, have you ever been opposed or persecuted? No matter what you are going through or what has happened to you, you can be sure that our High Priest, Jesus, understands and cares about you.

17 Why can the 144,000 who will share with Jesus in bringing mankind to perfection understand us? Because they were imperfect men and women like us.

14. What benefits do we derive from Jesus' sacrifice?

15. Explain how Jehovah identifies those who serve as royal priests along with Jesus.

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 emphasize Jesus' qualifications as our High Priest?

17. Why can we be sure that the anointed will understand us?

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

They have all been through the same thing, from different backgrounds, cultures, times of life, and life experiences, so no matter who you are, at least some of the 144,000 have been through it.

18 The priesthood arrangement we have considered shows that Jehovah is loving, merciful, and understanding, even though Satan constantly accuses us. (Rev. 12:10) We have seen that Jehovah has made it possible for us to draw close to him and enjoy a close relationship with him.

19 As we have seen in this article, we can be confident that Jehovah understands our weaknesses and weaknesses, for he knows that we are made of dust. (Ps. 103:14) On the other hand, Jehovah does not focus on our shortcomings but on our good qualities and potential.

20 As we have seen, it is Jehovah's heart's desire that we serve him acceptably through the priesthood arrangement. How grateful we are that the priesthood arrangement has served as a means for us to draw close to him! Let us take to heart the exhortation found at Hebrews 4:16: "Let us approach the throne of undeserved kindness with freeness of speech, that we may obtain mercy and find undeserved kindness for help at the right time".

18. What outstanding quality of Jehovah is highlighted in the priesthood arrangement, and how does that make you feel?

19. How do we know that Jehovah understands us?

20. Why do you appreciate Jehovah's priesthood arrangement, and what is your determination?

HOW would you answer?

■ How does the priesthood arrangement help us to serve God acceptably?

■ How has Jehovah used the priesthood from the earliest times to the present?

■ How does the priesthood arrangement help you to draw close to Jehovah?

16 Praise Jehovah for His Anointed Son

November 30 to December 6, 2026

22 The Kingdom Is Ruling - Let It Come!

In this article, we will consider three things that could gradually destroy our relationship with Jehovah.

Beware of the Spirit of the World

All that is in the world . . . does not originate with the Father. - 1 JOHN 2:16.

(John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) The Bible reveals that Satan is the ruler of this world and that he is the principal target of Christ's followers. (Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) However, this does not mean that Satan exists in every corner of the earth, nor does it say that there are angels, good or bad, who can move about at the same time. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16) When those who deny Satan's existence allow themselves to be influenced by the spirit of the world, they are doing his will, as it were, being "caught by him". - 2 Tim. 2:26.

2 Since we want to be guided by Jehovah's spirit, we have acted on the Bible's counsel to "abhor what is wicked and the desires of the world". (Titus 2:11, 12) Despite Satan's powerful influence, we are not immune to Satan's influence.

2-3. (a) How do those who love Jehovah differ from those who are influenced by the spirit of the world? (b) Why do we need to be cautious?

26

Like poisonous air, the spirit of the world is easy to breathe (See paragraph 5)

(Jas. 4:7, 8) Truly, Jehovah's servants deserve to be commended for their determination to resist the spirit of the world!

3 Because of our inherited sinfulness, however, we need to be on guard so that we do not gradually become ensnared by the world's influences. Sadly, some who have resisted the spirit of the world have in time become ensnared by it.* (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) This article will help us to see how we can avoid such a temptation.

WHAT is the universe?

4 The thinking and actions of people who are not God's people are reflected in what the Bible calls the spirit of the world.Those who are influenced by the spirit of the world are selfish, often disregarding God's laws, and are eager to do things that God disapproves.

5 One of Satan's principal means of misleading the entire inhabited earth is the spirit of the world.

4. What is the spirit of the world, and how does it affect people?

5. How is the spirit of the world like the air, and why must we be careful not to breathe it? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also pictures.)

SEPTEMBER 27, 2026 What is the meaning of life?

(Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) Do you not agree that this comparison is fitting? The air we breathe can be harmful to us, and the spirit of the world, like the poisonous air we breathe, can damage our relationship with Jehovah.

Speak up

6 The Bible foretold that in the last days, people would be haughty, boastful, and unforgiving. (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Do you not see these traits in the way people talk today? (Eph. 5:3, 4) What if the world's spirit did not influence people to behave this way?

(Jas. 1:26, 27) We might ask ourselves: When I am in the presence of others, especially those who do not know that I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses, how do I react when I am upset? When I am in conversation with fellow believers, do I use abusive or insulting words?

Jesus said: "The things proceeding out of the mouth come out of the heart, and those things defile a man". (Matt. 15:18) Jesus' words show that what comes out of the mouth reveals what is in the heart, so the Bible compares abusive speech to anger, bad temper, and hatred. (Read Colossians 3:8-10) Also, be determined not to allow the spirit of the world to influence your conduct or speech. - Eph. 4:29.

Beware of Fraud

9 Today, because people are influenced by the spirit of the world, they tend to practice what Jehovah hates, such as abortion, homosexuality, and homosexuality (Isa. 5:20).

6. How does the spirit of the world influence the speech of people?

7. What will help us to control our speech?

8. What will help us to be gracious in our speech? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. How does the spirit of the world influence people's view of what Jehovah hates?

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(2 Cor. 11:3) We may feel that the Bible is outdated, but it is a deception! Jehovah's ways are higher than our ways, and his word is timeless. - Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

10 If we want to please Jehovah, we must also hate what he hates. (Ps. 97:10) To help us do so, we need to ask ourselves: Do I feel that Jehovah's standards restrict me from doing what I want?

11 If you are tempted to do something that Jehovah hates, do not be quick to conclude that it is impossible for you to live by Jehovah's standards. Remember, we are all imperfect; we all fall into sin. (Ps. 51:5; 103:14) But if you choose to do so, you may be tempted to follow your fleshly desires to the point of committing sin. (Eph. 2:3) At the same time, do not allow unwholesome desires to take root in your mind. (Gen. 39:9, 12) If you are tempted to pursue a sinful course, be determined to avoid it by reflecting on the damage it will do to your relationship with Jehovah and with others. (Eph. 5:5) With Jehovah's help, you too can succeed.

10. What will help us to discern the depth of our hatred for what Jehovah hates?

11. What will help us to hate what Jehovah hates?

RELATED to the Internet

12 For many of us, the Internet plays a vital role in our daily life and in our spiritual activities. Yet, much of what is available on the Internet is influenced by those who are influenced by the spirit of the world. Such a flood of pictures and videos can make us feel that it is worthwhile to set aside time for recreation and trips in addition to our spiritual activities. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 To help us do so, we need to be on guard against things on the Internet that could consume our time or distract us from our thinking. We might ask ourselves: How much time do I spend browsing the Internet when I am not specifically interested? (Eph. 5:15, 16) If so, what do I look at?

12. How is the spirit of the world manifested on the Internet?

13. How can we be sure about our use of the Internet?

SEPTEMBER 29th, 2026

carefully investigate the facts? - Prov. 14:15.

14 To resist the spirit of the world, we need to control the amount of time we spend on the Internet, avoid viewing material that is inappropriate for a Christian, and be vigilant about what our children are viewing on social media. (Eph. 6:4) Studies show that youths who spend a lot of time on the Internet are more likely to feel lonely and depressed.

14. How can we avoid the dangers of the Internet?

You Can Succeed!

15 If you detect that the spirit of the world is at work in you, take immediate action.* Consider the case of Gloria, who learned the truth at a young age but who was caught up in the world's ambitions and the lure of money.

* Some names in this article have been changed.

15. What do you learn from Gloria's experience? (See also pictures.)

How can you resist the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15)

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

I am grateful that I am free from the spirit of the world and that Jehovah is guiding me.

16 Consider Robert's experience: When he was in school, he avoided good associations and engaged in unwholesome entertainment that led to drug abuse, alcoholism, and homosexuality. She says: "When I wake up each morning and realize that the way I live now is pleasing to Jehovah, I feel so satisfied and happy that nothing compares to the way I used to live.

17 As we have seen in this article, we must resist the spirit of the world by guarding our speech, avoiding immoral conduct, and using the Internet with caution. While the spirit of the world is powerful, we need not fear it, for we can resist it, for Satan and his wicked world are far less powerful than Jehovah. (Read 1 John 4:4) In addition to his holy spirit, Jehovah will give you what you need to resist the influence of this world. (Luke 11:13) May all of us be determined to resist the spirit of the world and allow ourselves to be guided by Jehovah's holy spirit! - Gal. 5:16.

16. What have you learned from Robert's experience?

17. Why can you be sure that you can resist the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

HOW would you answer?

■ How can we avoid being influenced by the spirit of the world in our speech?

■ How can we avoid being influenced by the spirit of the world into a life of uncleanness?

■ How can we avoid being misled by the spirit of the world when using the Internet?

We Will Remain Faithful Forever

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

September 2026.* Vol. 147, No. 10 This article was originally published by Jehovah's Witnesses.

What is the Bible's answer to this question?

Study articles for November 2-8

Be Confident of Jehovah's Protection

Study articles for November 9-15

How to Be Fully Obedient to Jehovah

Study articles for November 16-22

Preaching the Good News in All the Languages of the Nations

The study articles for November 23-29

How the Priesthood - A Witness of Jehovah's Love

Study articles for November 30 to December 6

Beware of the Spirit of the World

A Story from the Bible

Let the Peace of Christ Rule in Your Hearts

Colossians 3:15 speaks of "the peace of the Christ", the peace that results from being a disciple of Christ and from being loved by Jehovah and his beloved Son. - John 14:23, 27.

The apostle Paul encouraged his brothers in Colossae not to allow this peace to dominate their hearts, saying: "Let the peace of the Christ . . . rule in your minds and in your hearts".

For example, when we have a disagreement with a fellow believer, we need to let "the peace of the Christ" rule in our hearts, allowing "the peace of the Christ" to rule in our hearts, and allowing "the peace of the Christ" to rule in our hearts". - Col. 3:12-14.

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work that is supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org, or click on the link below

JW.ORG ® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

What is the Bible's answer to that question?