October of 2026

The Watchtower

It Is Jehovah's Kingdom

For the purpose of study:

DECEMBER 7, 2026 JANUARY 3, 2027 What is the meaning of life?

1926

One Hundred Years Have Passed

THE January 1, 1926, issue of The Watch Tower stated that God's sovereignty would soon be vindicated.

In 1926, Jehovah, through the head of the congregation, Jesus Christ, made it clear to the faithful and discreet slave class that their primary concern was the preaching work, and the faithful and discreet slave class was moved to publish more publications, to make changes in the way meetings were conducted, and to clarify their identity (Matt. 24:45).

Fresh Food, and Increasing Military Activity

In April, The Golden Age (now Awake!) announced the release in the field service of a new book entitled Deliverance, which would replace Studies in the Scriptures. To meet the demands of the field ministry, the brothers at Bethel purchased a new printing press that could print 22 volumes per minute and, if possible, give a copy of the book to any Bible Students who could witness to them.

For many years, the Studies in the Scriptures had been used as a study aid, but beginning in May 1926, the Watchtower was used as a study aid.

A letter from the Little Bunker Hill Congregation in Illinois addressed to Brother Rutherford read: "Greetings from the Little Bunker Hill Congregation, whose Sunday meetings are guided by the direction of Jehovah's organization.

For example, one Watchtower study article explained that while it is proper to be courteous and respectful, we should not neglect the more important work: "If you love the Lord, obey his commandments. You are my witnesses, and I am your God", says Jehovah, "and if you love the Lord, obey his commandments".

Another study in The Watchtower emphasized that true Christians show their love for Jehovah by offering their whole-souled service to him, and it encouraged the Bible Students to share the good news with everyone, whether by sea or by sea. - Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

A few weeks later, a letter from one congregation appeared in the July 15, 1926, issue of The Watch Tower. It stated:

2 The Watchtower

Instead of simply reading The Watchtower, we now study it individually. The letter added: "Everyone is now able to participate in the study, and this has greatly benefited the congregation".

Setting Up Meetings and Training Brothers to Be Effective Ministers

At the end of May, Bible Students attended a convention in London, England, during which strikes across Britain made it difficult to find a printing company. At Brooklyn Bethel, 117,000 copies of the booklet The Standard for the People were printed and distributed to the delegates.

On Saturday, May 29, the first time the booklet was distributed in the field, the convention program included the following encouragement: All baptized attendees are encouraged to tell others about Jesus and his Kingdom. The next morning, make every effort to get to the Alexandra Palace as soon as possible, and the brothers there will tell you what to do.

The July 15, 1926, issue of The Watch Tower reported: "The brothers were overjoyed to be identified as Jehovah's witnesses by hearing the good news".

The next day, Brother Rutherford gave a talk at the Royal Albert Hall entitled "Why World Leaders Are Turning Their Heads" and "The Solution to the Problem".

In his discourse, Brother Rutherford explained that the world's governments had turned their backs on Jehovah and his Kingdom, denounced the League of Nations, and warned that it would soon collapse.

Spreading the Good News in INDIA

At one of the conventions in London, Brother Rutherford met Edwin Skinner, a pioneer from Sheffield, England. When he returned to Sheffield after the convention, Brother Rutherford asked him to meet him in London.

"The next day", Brother Skinner continued, "I went to London, and I decided that I would be assigned to serve in another country.

A. The book Deliverance

B. The Alexandra Palace in London

D. at the Royal Albert Hall in London

Deliverance is coming!

A

B

D

E. George Wright (left) with Edwin Skinner while serving in India

Published by George Draper

E

Why?

When he arrived, Brother Rutherford asked him: Would you go to India? Edwin replied: When would you like me to go?

Three weeks later, in July, Edwin Skinner and George Wright, another zealous evangelizer, set sail for India. Skinner joined the Bethel family and took charge of all the work in the country, including Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), and Persia (Iran). Skinner remained in India for 64 years until the end of his earthly course in 1990.

Pastors Know the Preaching Work

From about 1894, representatives of Jehovah's organization were sent out as traveling overseers, or traveling overseers. In July 1926, the work of traveling overseers was adjusted from a one-day visit to two-day visits to a monthly assignment of 100 hours in the field ministry.

Brother George Draper, who was a traveling overseer, wrote in a letter to the congregation: "Like guard dogs, Jehovah's people have a responsibility to warn others of the coming calamity". - Isa. 56:10.

A convention in the city of New York

At the last convention of the year, held in New York City from October 14-18, 1926, Brother Rutherford was scheduled to give a talk entitled "A Global War Is Near".

On Friday, October 15, Brother R. J. Martin released a new tract entitled Against the People, designed to expose what the Society had done and to publicize Brother Rutherford's speech. By the evening, 300,000 tracts had been distributed.

In addition to the distribution of the book Deliverance, 3,783 copies and 35,140 booklets were distributed.

At about three o'clock in the afternoon on Sunday, October 17, some 12,000 people gathered to listen to Brother Rutherford's talk, which was followed by a question-and-answer session.

4 The Watchtower

F. A newspaper announcing Brother Rutherford's talk entitled "A Global War Is Coming"

G. The convention held at Madison Square Garden, New York, in October 1926

More than 9,000 copies were distributed; never before had a convention distributed so many publications.

A house was built at 117 ADAMS STREET

Because of the growing demand for literature, those taking the lead in Brooklyn saw the need to enlarge the printery, which for many years had been located at 18 Concord Street, but as the work expanded, the space became too small.

The building at 117 Adams Street, which was to open in 1927, was designed to prepare the brothers for the ensuing expansion. In 1927, Jehovah continued to refine them, so that by 1931 they could take on the name Jehovah's Witnesses.

The printery at 117 Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York

Oct. 5, 2026

December 7 to 13, 2026

46th Psalm

Thank You, Jehovah

What is included in the study?

Why and how we should cultivate gratitude.

Always Be Thankful

Be thankful. - Col. 3:15.

JOHN, a 95-year-old elderly man who had a very serious illness, thanked everyone who visited him or who cared for him, even for a small gesture, and wrote down their names in a notebook.* When he went to bed at night, he asked one of his caregivers to kneel on his bed and pray. One caregiver commented: "John was always happy and never complained, even though his age and health were limiting things". John's experience shows that when we show appreciation, even when things are not going well, we can feel happy and satisfied.

2 Sadly, as foretold in the Bible, in the last days of this system of things, many people are ungrateful. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) Some forget to express their gratitude, or they feel obligated to do so.

3 As Jehovah's servants, we need to avoid the unthankful attitude of the world. The apostle Paul admonishes us: "Be thankful". (Col. 3:15) We should be grateful for what others have done for us.

* Name has been changed.

1. What do you learn from John's experience? (See also pictures.)

2. What attitude do many have today?

3. What will we consider in this article?

6

Giving thanks brings happiness and peace of mind (See paragraph 1)

To help us do so, let us consider three questions: (1) Why should we show gratitude? (2) How can we deepen our appreciation? (3) In what ways can we show our gratitude?

WHY be thankful?

(Prov. 15:15) At times, we all face difficult situations that we can't control, and it is up to us to decide what to do about them. If we focus on the negative aspects of our life, each day will be bad for us, and such an attitude can make us unhappy because it blinds us to the positive aspects of our life.

4. What can result from a lack of appreciation?

The final part of Proverbs 15:15 says: "He that is cheerful in heart is a feast constantly". A cheerful person focuses on the positive aspects of life, not on the negative aspects, even when faced with adversity.

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. If we thank Jehovah in prayer for what he has done for us, we will not be overwhelmed by anxiety.

5. Why does expressing gratitude make us happy?

6. How does giving thanks to Jehovah bring us peace of mind? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

Oct. 7, 2026

Take time each day to reflect on how Jehovah rewards you (See paragraphs 9-10)

(Matt. 6:25-34) Moreover, if we thank Jehovah in prayer and pour out our anxieties to him, he will give us "the peace of God", which will bring us peace of mind.

7 When we show appreciation, we draw close to Jehovah, who has given us all the good things we have. (Read James 1:17.) He has given us so much, including the ransom and the hope of everlasting life, not because we deserve it, but because he loves us. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) When we appreciate Jehovah's love for us and for his good things, we deepen our love for him and draw closer to him.

How can we increase our joy?

8 Reflect on how Jehovah has blessed you in the past - whether you have faced a difficult situation - the death of a loved one, a serious illness, or persecution because of your faith - and what has helped you to endure each of these trials? (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) Reflecting on how Jehovah has helped you in the past will deepen your appreciation for him. - Ps. 103:2.

9 Meditate on the blessings you have received from Jehovah.* The Bible encourages us to be "thankful for everything". (1 Thess. 5:18) Take time each day to reflect on the blessings you have received - in the morning, during the day, and in the evening, before you go to bed, free of anxiety. (Ps. 92:1, 2) Like John, mentioned at the outset of this article, you can take time to reflect on the good things Jehovah has done for you.

7. How does expressing gratitude affect our friendship with Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. How can meditating on Jehovah's goodness help us? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What good things does Jehovah do for you every day? (See also pictures.)

8 The Watchtower

10 First, meditate on what Jehovah has done for you that day. (Ps. 40:5) Meditate on the spiritual benefits that Jehovah has given you - the answers to your prayers, the comfort you have received from his Word, the Bible-based publications, the videos, and the loving care shown on JW Broadcasting. (Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Meditate also on the good things he does for you physically, such as the pleasant sunshine, the pleasant food we enjoy, and the loving companionship we enjoy. (Acts 17:25) What else has Jehovah given you for which you can be grateful? - Eph. 5:20.

(Ps. 133:1; Prov. 18:24) You may have been helped in some way by a brother or a sister, or you may have received some kind word of encouragement from one of our brothers or sisters. (Prov. 12:25; 16:24) Even small acts of kindness are blessings from Jehovah, for which we should be grateful. So she rushed to me, hugged me, and finished the song with me, which made my love for the brethren even stronger.

12 Your gratitude will grow as you meditate on what Jehovah has done for you and what he continues to do for you. As noted earlier, our gratitude should be motivated, not by feelings of gratitude, but by expressions of appreciation.

What are some ways to cultivate gratitude?

After admonishing us to show appreciation, the apostle Paul added: "Whatever you do, whether in word or in deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him". (Col. 3:15, 17) Clearly, Paul was speaking of expressing gratitude in words and deeds. Let us consider some ways in which we can show appreciation in word, deed, and deed.

14 Make it a habit to show appreciation for what others do for you, whether in your own words or in your own words. Make it a habit to express gratitude even for a small gesture, an encouraging word, or a compliment.

11-12. What blessings do we receive from Jehovah through our brotherhood?

13. How can we show appreciation to others?

14. (a) How can we show appreciation for what others do for us? (b) How can we show appreciation for what others do for us?

Oct. 9, 2026

How can you show appreciation by your words and actions? (See paragraph 14)

(1 Thess. 5:12, 13) Of course, you can be grateful for the elders' wives, who make sacrifices that they and their husbands could have made to help and encourage the congregation.

(Eph. 6:18) Such prayers may involve repeated entreaties, requests, requests for strength to cope with trials, requests for wisdom to make wise decisions, or requests for forgiveness for mistakes we did not commit. We might ask ourselves: Do we pray merely to make requests, or do we often thank Jehovah?

15. How can we express our gratitude to Jehovah in our prayers?

16 Be specific in your expressions of appreciation. When something touches your heart, express your gratitude. Giving gives us joy, not just in words or expressions of appreciation, but in concrete expressions of appreciation. (Acts 20:35) Moreover, when we do so, we make others feel that we love them and that they are grateful for what we do.

17 When we reflect on all that Jehovah has done for us, we are moved to express our deep appreciation for what he has done for us. What can we do for Jehovah? We can do so by presenting our bodies as a living sacrifice to him. (Read Romans 12:1.)

16. Why should we be specific in our expressions of appreciation?

17-18. How can we show Jehovah that we appreciate what he has done for us?

10 The Watchtower

18 As our appreciation for what Jehovah has done for us grew, we were moved to dedicate ourselves to him and be baptized, to continue to serve him with all our time, energy, and resources by daily reading his Word and meditating on it, by sharing the good news with others, by attending Christian meetings, and by doing all we can to support the Kingdom work. (Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) Above all, when we give our best in Jehovah's service, we show that we are truly grateful for what he has done for us. - Col. 3:23, 24.

19 Although we live in a world that is not appreciative, we recognize the importance of being grateful, knowing that it increases our joy, alleviates our anxiety, and, most of all, strengthens our relationship with Jehovah. If we do, we can be sure of countless blessings now and in the future from our appreciative God. - Ps. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19. Why are you determined to show appreciation?

Page 8: A sister who is experiencing a difficult situation meditates on Jehovah's blessings, including the comfort she receives from the Bible.

HOW would you answer?

■ Why show appreciation?

■ How can you increase your appreciation?

■ In what ways can you show appreciation?

Psalm 139 - What Does It Mean to You?

Visualize the New World

December 14 to 20, 2026

Psalm 143 - What Does It Mean to You?

Keep On Working, Watching, and Waiting

What is included in the study?

We will consider three of Jehovah's miracles in our time.

12

Do Not Underestimate Jehovah's Magnificent Use of You

By this all men will know that you are my disciples".

Just a few of the many miracles recorded in the Bible, honesthearted and faithful eyewitnesses of the greatest miracles of all time would agree that God had foreseen some of them. (Matt. 15:31) But these miracles did not happen in the past. But what exactly is a miracle?

In this article, we will consider three of the miracles that Jehovah accomplishes for his people today - miraculous because only he can do so - and we will consider how each of these shows that we are God's fellow workers. - Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

The Story of a Sheep

3 More than 2,500 years ago, the prophet Isaiah foretold that God's people would increase in number in our day. (Read Isaiah 60:22.)

1-2. (a) What are some of the greatest miracles mentioned in the Bible? (b) What are miracles, and what can each of us do? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can it be said that Jehovah's people have become a mighty nation? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also the picture.)

Since 1914, the number of Jehovah's servants has increased (See paragraph 3)

2026 More than 9,000,000

1914 Some 5,000

Since then, the "little flock" has grown to more than nine million people in more than 130 lands. Today, more than ever in history, Jehovah's people love and serve him in more than 240 lands.

4 Many of us have had to make drastic changes in our thinking and our way of life because we have studied the Bible and applied what it teaches, not because we want to conform to God's standards of conduct or because we want to conform to them.

4. Why is the increase of Jehovah's servants remarkable?

After making these adjustments, we became publishers, began inviting others to join us in the worship of the truth, and finally dedicated ourselves to Jehovah and were baptized. - Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 The growth that has taken place is remarkable because of Jehovah's backing. Jesus made it clear that being a disciple of his does not require persecution when he said: "If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and continually follow me". (Matt. 16:24) In other words, Jesus' disciples were to expect persecution and even death because of their faith in him. (Matt. 16:2) Jesus also said that it would fall

5. What did Jesus say would happen to his disciples?

Oct. 13, 2026

Hated, but Many Disregarded

During World War II, Jehovah's Witnesses faced intense persecution, but the number of Witnesses increased dramatically.

Consider what happened in the Netherlands during the war. The 1986 Yearbook reported: "Despite imprisonment, exile, persecution, and death by the enemy, within two years the number of Kingdom publishers doubled, reaching 1,379 in 1943.

The truth will one day cause family divisions. - Matt. 10:34-36.

6 True to Jesus' words, the first-century Christians faced fierce opposition. Shortly after Jesus' ascension to heaven, the apostles were arrested and brought before the Sanhedrin, the Jewish High Court of Justice, and the religious leaders wanted to kill them. (Acts 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Even after the apostles were released from prison, the loyal disciples did not give up; they continued to preach the good news and to make disciples. (Acts 6:7) With God's backing, they continued to grow in number despite intense opposition. - Acts 1:8.

(Matt. 16:24) Because of their love for Jehovah and their faith in his promise to care for them, Jehovah gives them the power beyond what is normal to endure trials and tribulations. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When they face opposition from fellow believers, they feel as did the psalmist who said: "Though my own father and my own mother should abandon me, Jehovah himself will rescue me". (Prov. 27:10) It is truly a marvelous thing to see that despite the trials and hardships that people endure to become Jesus' disciples, they continue to grow.

6. Why could opposers not stop the early Christians from preaching the good news?

How do Jesus' disciples today imitate the early Christians? (See also the box "Hated, but Many Disappointed".)

14 The Watchtower

8 We can share in the miraculous gathering that Jehovah and Jesus are accomplishing by our sharing in the preaching work, for Jesus assured us: "I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things". (Matt. 28:20) In addition, our preaching work is supported by heavenly angels. - Rev. 14:6, 7.

A Boy Who Is a Sheep

9 The prophet Micah foretold another marvelous development in our day - the unity of God's people. He inspired Micah to foretell that Jehovah would gather men and women together to worship him in unity. (Read Micah 2:12.) Today, the unity that exists among God's people of different ethnic backgrounds and personalities reflects the fulfillment of Micah's words: "Look! How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity!" - Ps. 133:1.

10 For example, regardless of where we live, we receive the same spiritual instruction at our meetings, assemblies, and conventions. Many who serve at Bethel and on international construction projects come from different countries and speak different languages. Think of it: As a large family, we have brothers and sisters who are ready to care for us materially and to encourage us spiritually wherever we go. Never before have so many people from different backgrounds and languages come together in unity to serve Jehovah.

11 Our unity is remarkable because we live in a world that is divided and divided, and wherever we go, we hear about wars, riots, rebellions, protests, violence, wars, and so on. The Bible foretold a time when people would be disillusioned, uncompromising, slanderous, uncontrolled, cruel, disloyal, treacherous, disobedient, and haughty. (Rev. 3:2-4) Although the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one and the wicked spirit forces constantly wage war against us, they will never be able to separate us; we continue to serve Jehovah joyfully in unity. (1 John 5:19; Rev. 12:9) That too is a miracle!

12 By listening to Jehovah's direction and applying it, we can safeguard the unity of Jehovah's people by learning from the Bible to be long-suffering, forgiving, mild-tempered, and kind. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) When we overlook the shortcomings of others, we strive to avoid slander, slander, and forgiveness, and we contribute to the unity of Jehovah's people.

8. How can we share in Jehovah's marvelous work of drawing people to the congregation?

9-10. What shows that the prophecy at Micah 2:12 is being fulfilled today?

11. Why can it be said that our unity is a miracle?

12. How can we contribute to the unity of Jehovah's organization?

Oct. 15, 2026

Jehovah's servants have deep love for one another and for their neighbors

(See also paragraph 14)

then we have allowed Jehovah to use us miraculously in the congregation.

WORDS of the heart

13 Jesus said that his disciples would be identified by their love for one another. (Read John 13:35.) First-century Christians showed love for one another in many ways, including by sharing with others, by praying for those who were persecuted, by caring for widows and orphans, and by giving generously to their brothers in times of need. (Acts 8:1-4) According to Tertullian, a second-century historian, people said of the early Christians: See how they love one another and how willing they are to die for one another.

14 Like the first-century Christians, God's people today extend their love for one another by preaching the good news to those who are not yet members of the Christian congregation, by making voluntary contributions, by paying tithes, and by loving our brothers when they are in need.* Not only do we serve one another, but we also comfort one another and build up joy by encouraging Jehovah. By doing so, we are applying the apostle Paul's words: "Speak consolingly to the depressed souls, support the weak, be long-suffering toward all". (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has drawn us into a large family of brothers and sisters who love one another.

15 The love shown by God's servants is remarkable because the world is filled with selfishness. The apostle Paul foretold that in the last days, people would be "lovers of themselves, lovers of money", and "lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God".

13. How did the early Christians show love for one another? (John 13:35)

14. How have God's people shown love for one another? (See also pictures.)

* For example, see the article "2022 Disaster Relief" on jw.org.

15. Why is our ability to love one another remarkable?

16 The Watchtower

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus foretold self-sacrifice and hatred, and he foretold that the love of many would grow cold.* (Matt. 24:10, 12) When you look at what is happening in the world today, do you not see the fulfillment of the words of Paul and Jesus?

(Mark 9:50) By continuing to show love to others in word and deed, we prove ourselves to be God's servants, and more important, we allow Jehovah to use us to do wonders in behalf of his people.

Your Opportunity Is Finished

17 Our growth in numbers, our unity, and our love for one another are evidence that Jehovah is performing miracles in our time - growing in love in spite of intense hatred, remaining united in a divided world, and maintaining love for God and for one another in a world where love is lacking. (John 13:34) We are not mere observers, but we are fellow workers with God in accomplishing wonderful things. - 1 Cor. 3:9.

18 Even in this troubled world, the amazing growth of love, unity, and brotherly affection among God's people strengthens our confidence in the fulfillment of Jehovah's promises for the future. (2 Pet. 3:13) May we be determined never to take for granted the privilege of being used by God to perform miracles in our day!

16. In what ways can we show love for one another?

17. Why do you believe that Jehovah is performing miracles in our time?

18. In view of Jehovah's wonderful works, what should be our determination?

HOW would you answer?

■ How can we contribute to Jehovah's wonderful work of drawing people to the flock?

■ How can we contribute to Jehovah's marvelous work of linguistic unity?

■ How can we contribute to Jehovah's marvelous love for his people?

Worship Jehovah

True Love

December 21 to 27, 2026

Worship Jehovah

Jehovah's Pleasure: "Be Wise, My Son"

What is included in the study?

Friendship with those who love Jehovah can help young ones to remain loyal to him.

Two is Not Enough

A man may prevail against one alone, but two shall stand against one. - ECCLESIASTES 4:12.

JEHOVAH'S servants realize that it is vital to be loyal to Jehovah, but this is not always easy, for the world is pressuring us to distance ourselves from him. One way to do this is by encouraging us to have the same view of friendships as they do. What about Jehovah and Jesus, who want us to be friends with them?

(Luke 22:28; John 15:15) A true friend is not only there for you when you are having a good time but also when you are having a hard time. (Prov. 17:17) Ecclesiastes chapter 4, verses 9-12,* shows that true friends help and comfort one another. (Read.) If you have such good friends, they will help you when you are tempted to do things that Jehovah disapproves

* Although this proverb is often used in connection with marriage, it is particularly concerned with the benefits of friendship.

1. What is the world's view of friendship?

2. (a) What kind of friends did Jesus choose? (b) According to Ecclesiastes 4:9-12, how can we benefit from having good friends?

18

When you and your friends do things together in Jehovah's service, they can help you to accomplish things you never dreamed possible and can build a lasting friendship.

How can parents and other mature Christians help young ones to make good friends? Let us consider some events in the life of the prophet Daniel. We will see how he remained loyal to Jehovah under difficult circumstances, and we will see how Jehovah encouraged Daniel to remain loyal.

Good Friends Help Us to Serve Jehovah

4 During Daniel's reign, his homeland, Judah, was in turmoil because the Jews had abandoned Jehovah's worship and were pursuing their own interests, causing Jehovah to become displeased. Eventually, in about 620 B.C.E., Jehovah sent Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, to take over Judah. (Dan. 1:2) Daniel may have been a teenager at the time, but some years later he was taken captive and brought up in the city of Babylon.

(Dan. 1:8) When Daniel was young, he was likely influenced by Jehovah's laws, perhaps with the help of his parents, for Daniel's name means "God Is My Judge". Perhaps his parents chose that name because they wanted him to serve Jehovah wholeheartedly. - Deut. 6:6, 7.

(Jer. 1:2) Many of Jeremiah's preachers, including Daniel himself, may have been members of noble families, perhaps with high positions of authority. (Jer. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) We cannot be sure that Jeremiah and Daniel had close friendships. (Jer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) Daniel must have learned from Jeremiah's courageous course in carrying out his assignment, even though he was surrounded by people who despised Jehovah.

7 Clearly, Daniel's parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah encouraged him to take a strong stand for true worship.

8 If you are a parent, ask yourself: 'Have I helped my children to cope with the pressures of schoolmates?

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. What challenges did Daniel face as a young man?

5-6. Who may have helped Daniel to make the decision to serve Jehovah?

7-8. How can parents and other experienced Christians help young ones to serve Jehovah faithfully?

Oct. 19, 2026

Have I trained them to be ready to take a stand for Jehovah during the great tribulation? ▪ Parents, how can you help your children to grow in faith and love for God? When young ones associate with such fine examples as Jeremiah, their faith in Jehovah and their loyalty to him are strengthened.

Good Friends Help Us to Remain Loyal to Jehovah When We Are In Distress

9 When Daniel and other Hebrew youths were exiled, they faced a test unlike any they had ever faced - the Babylonians soon forced them to learn the language and culture of the Babylonians, and they were trained to serve at the royal court.

(Dan. 1:5, 8) The young men could have been told that they were slaves, that they were free to disobey God's law, or that they did not want to offend or offend the king.

11 Only four Hebrew youths - Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego - were chosen by the king to serve Jehovah faithfully. They helped each other to resist temptation and to remain loyal to Jehovah, firmly rejecting the king's food, and Jehovah blessed them for doing so. - Dan. 1:6-12, 17.

12 If you are a young person, have you ever been under pressure to do something that you yourself have decided not to do? Daniel and his friends cooperated and made good decisions. Likewise, you do well to choose friends who are determined to be loyal to Jehovah and who are separate from the world! (1 John 2:15-17) Good friends can help you to remain loyal to Jehovah even in small matters, and Jehovah will bless you immeasurably.

We are helped to cope with unfavorable circumstances

13 True friends can also help us to cope when we face difficult or challenging circumstances. Consider the challenge that Daniel and his three companions faced in King Nebuchadnezzar's dream.

9. What challenge did Daniel and other Hebrew youths face in Babylon?

10. What was the first test that Jewish youths faced?

11. How did Daniel and his three companions help one another? (See also opening pictures.)

12. What will help young ones to resist temptation?

13. What extreme test did Daniel and his three companions face?

20 The Watchtower

(Dan. 2:3, 9-11) The king announced that if the dream and its meaning were not made known to the wise men of Babylon, Daniel and his three companions would be put to death along with the rest of the wise men. How did Daniel and his three companions cope?

14 Daniel approached the king and asked him to give him time to explain the meaning of the dream, and he told his friends what had happened. "He said that they should pray for mercy to the God of the heavens concerning this secret, in order that Daniel and his companions might not be destroyed along with the rest of the wise men of Babylon". (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah responded to their prayers by revealing to Daniel the meaning of the dream, and Daniel and his companions were spared, and the king promoted them to high positions in Babylon. - Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

15 There are many lessons to be learned from this account: First, when you are facing trials, seek help; never allow pride or embarrassment to hold you back; second, do not hesitate to ask others to pray for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Remember, too, that Jehovah's answers to your prayers and to those of others may surprise you.

The Best Friend Who Can Help at Any Time

16 When we are faced with a trial that seems lonely and isolating, Jehovah is with us

14. (a) How did Daniel and his three companions help one another? (b) How did Daniel and his three companions help one another?

15. What do we learn from the example of Daniel and his companions? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What test did Daniel face in his old age?

How did Daniel's friends help him to cope with a challenging situation? (See paragraph 14)

Do you think that friends of God will ever feel lonely? (See paragraph 18)

When Daniel was in his late 90's, the Medes and Persians invaded Babylon and forced King Darius to rule over it. Some in the royal court, jealous of Daniel's position, plotted to kill him. The king was tricked into making a law that forbade anyone to seek help from any god other than the king. Daniel was thrown into the lions' den because he refused to continue praying to Jehovah. But was he really alone? - Dan. 6:4-16.

17 Daniel chapter 6, verses 19-23, describes Jehovah's miraculous deliverance. (Read.) After Daniel was thrown into the lions' den, Jehovah sent an angel to rescue him. The next day when the king was in the lions' den, Daniel said: "My God has sent his angel and has shut the mouths of the lions, . . . because I have been found innocent before him". Yes, Jehovah proved himself to be the most powerful and the best Friend possible!

18 When we find ourselves isolated or separated from our friends - perhaps because of a congregation assignment, a move, a serious illness, or imprisonment for our faith - we need to remember that as Jehovah's friends, we will never be separated from him, and he promises to protect and sustain us no matter where we are in the world. (Ps. 139:7-10) Be assured that no matter how weak your faith may be, Jehovah sees you and will help you.

Our Friends Will Never Let Us Down

19 It is especially important to make an effort to cultivate good associations, for the Bible foretold that in these last days, good associations would be unfavorable.

17. According to Daniel 6:19-23, how did Daniel benefit from his close relationship with Jehovah?

(See also the box "Jehovah - Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend".)

19. Why is it especially important to have good friends now? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Read 1 Thessalonians 5:11.) The apostle Peter said that since the end of all things has drawn near, we should have intense love for one another. - 1 Pet. 4:7, 8.

20 True friends are a gift from Jehovah that we need now more than ever. Follow Daniel's example by making friends with those who, like Jeremiah, can give you encouragement and guidance, who can help you to remain loyal to Jehovah, and who can help you to cope with adversity.

20. What is needed in order to make good friends, and what are the benefits of having them?

DESCRIPTION: Daniel and his friends helped each other to resist temptation and remain faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah - Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend

If it is difficult for you to see Jehovah as a Father you can rely on, set a goal to draw close to him each day by taking the following steps.

• Speak to Jehovah: Jehovah wants you to talk to him, so pray to him.

• Let Jehovah speak to you: By reading and studying the Bible, you will come to know Jehovah's wonderful qualities and his dealings with his servants in the past.

• Be patient: Keep in mind that trust and friendship do not happen overnight, and you can be confident that Jehovah wants to draw close to you.

For more information, see chapter 35 of the book Questions Young People Ask - Answers That Work, Volume 2.

HOW good friends can help us . . .

■ when faced with temptation?

■ when faced with a serious problem?

■ when we are lonely?

Psalm 161 - What Does It Mean to You?

Doing Your Will With Joy

DECEMBER 28, 2026 JANUARY 3, 2027 What is the meaning of life?

PS 162 Your Words Will Be as Food

What is included in the study?

Why it is important to have a daily text, and how we can do so.

Examining the Scriptures Daily

They accepted the word, carefully examining the Scriptures daily. - Acts 17:11.

IN 1905, Jehovah's organization published a book entitled Daily Supper for the Household of Faith, which was printed in several languages and was based on the illustrated version of the Bible as well as the illustrated version of Zion's Watch Tower, which was used by Jehovah's people unaltered until 1927, when the daily text was included in the Yearbook.* This book enabled the brothers to discuss many illustrations as well as illustrative articles in The Watchtower.

2 In 1986, the congregation began publishing a brochure entitled Examining the Scriptures Daily, which is now available in over 300 languages, as well as on the JW Library® app, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY (www.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

3 Since some of us may find it difficult to keep the daily text in our daily routine because we are busy, let us consider three questions: (1) What Bible examples can motivate us to keep the daily text in our daily routine? (2) How can we benefit from keeping the daily text in our daily routine? (3) Finally, what suggestions can help us to improve our daily worship?

* For languages in which the Yearbook had not yet been translated, the columns on which the daily text was based were included in the monthly Watchtower and the source of the columns was indicated.

1-2. (a) How has Jehovah's organization provided daily material for meditation? (b) Where can we find daily material today?

3. What may make it difficult to keep our daily text, and what questions will we consider in this article?

24

Bible Lessons That Are Important to You

4 The context in which this article is based reminds us of the reaction of certain Jews in the Macedonian city of Beroea when the apostle Paul preached to them. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) This confirms that what the speaker is saying is true.

5 Many of the Bereans became believers.* (Acts 17:12) However, a problem was looming: Jews from Thessalonica had come to Beroea and spread slanderous rumors about the apostle Paul, thus stirring up opposition among the newly converted Bereans.

WHY do we need to pray daily?

6 Our daily prayer is an expression of our love for Jehovah and our appreciation for his worship.

Bible Examples of Daily Worship

• Under the Mosaic Law, daily sacrifices were required of Jehovah's people. - Ex. 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the book of the Law and meditate on it day and night. - Josh. 1:8, footnote.

• Jehovah commanded Israelite kings to keep a copy of the Mosaic Law and to meditate on it daily. - Deut. 17:18-20.

• The psalmist exhorts us to meditate on God's law day and night. - Ps. 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed three times a day. - Dan. 6:10.

• The book of Revelation describes a great crowd as rendering God sacred service day and night. - Rev. 7:15.

(John 3:16) Many have found that setting aside time to pray, read the Bible, and meditate before going about their daily activities gives them time to reflect on what they have learned.

7 We show that we are using our time wisely by quoting the daily text. (Read Ephesians 5:5.)

4. How did the Beroeans respond to the apostle Paul's preaching? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did daily consideration of the matter benefit the Beroeans?

(See the box "Bible Examples of How Some Served Jehovah Daily".)

7-8. What is another reason why we should make daily Bible reading our daily routine? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

Oct. 25, 2026

15, 16) That is, we should set aside some time each day to learn about Jehovah and seek his guidance.

8 Our reading of the daily text helps us to cope with our daily problems. Jesus said that each day has its own troubles.* (Matt. 6:34) True to his words, each day has its own troubles, but in the same context, Jesus assures us that Jehovah is aware of what we are going through and knows what we need. (Matt. 6:25-32) Our reading of the daily text helps us to focus our attention, not on our problems, but on Jehovah's provision. She prayed to Jehovah for forgiveness and then looked at the day's text, Psalm 86:5, which reads: "You, O Jehovah, are good and ready to forgive; and the loving-kindness to all those calling upon you is abundant".

9 The daily text often reminded us to rely on Jehovah when faced with problems. (Prov. 3:5, 6) Consider what happened in Ukraine. On the day that the Russian-Ukrainian war broke out, the daily text was Isaiah 30:15, which says: "Your heart will be strong if you trust in me". "The words of Isaiah 30:15 were just what we needed", says a sister named Svitlana, "and we kept thinking about them throughout the war.

10 A daily text strengthens our resolve to maintain our integrity to Jehovah. We need courage to speak up to schoolmates and workmates, to share Bible truths with others, and to remain loyal to Jehovah under test. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) Daily reading of the daily text and the Bible will help us to build up courage and keep our faith strong.

11 The daily text helps us to make spiritual progress. Paul encouraged the young man Timothy to "work at making progress in speech, in conduct, in love, in faith, in chasteness". (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) The daily text gives us the opportunity to meditate on our spiritual progress.

12 For the day's work, for the day's work, for the service of Jehovah,

9. How did the daily text help the brothers in Ukraine?

10. (a) Why do we need to be courageous, and (b) How can we acquire that courage?

11. How does the daily text help us in our service to Jehovah?

12. What opportunity is open to those who love Jehovah, and how do they prepare for it?

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Daily Bible reading can give us courage (See paragraph 10)

As Jehovah's organization grows, there is a great need for spiritually-minded men who can serve as pioneers, as missionaries, as Bethelites, as construction workers, as translators, as hardworking and humble young men as ministerial servants, as elders, and as circuit overseers. (Phil. 1:13-15) Regularly considering the daily text will help you to see how to apply Bible principles and will equip you for any assignment you receive in the congregation.

The Key to Success

13 How can you do that? Bethelites around the world meet every Monday through Friday morning for a brief prayer to conclude the daily text. Before you begin the daily text, you too can pray to Jehovah, asking him to help you to understand and apply what you read. (Jas. 1:5) After reading the key verse of the daily text and its explanation, ask yourself: 'How will this daily text help me to strengthen my faith? (Rom. 1:12) At the end of the daily text, some find it helpful to summarize it in three or four words so that it will be remembered throughout the day.

14 To find other ways to use the daily text, try the following: (1) Highlights from the daily text.

13. How can you make a daily text?

14-15. What are some ways in which you can prepare the daily text, and what will help you to remember it?

Oct. 27, 2024

How can you avoid being distracted by the daily text? (See paragraph 18)

(2) Read the appendix to the daily text. (3) Read the entire chapter from which the appendix to the daily text was taken. (4) In line with the subject of the daily text, add more information to the Study Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses. (5) Read an appendix to the study edition of The Watchtower that was just published.

15 A young sister named Mackenzie explains what helps her to memorize the daily text: "Even adding five minutes to my daily text helps me to avoid running off.

16 How can you schedule your daily text?

* The link to the Watchtower from which the daily article was published is as follows: It shows the year and month in which the Watchtower was published, as well as the page and paragraph from which the daily article was published.

16. When can you make a daily text?

To help them remember, some families have placed a copy of Examining the Scriptures Daily on their desk to keep them in mind, but if necessary, they can adjust the timing of the day's reading to suit their needs.

17 Why is it important to set a time for the daily text? "If you don't set a time for it", says John, a 16-year-old brother, "you'll find that the day will end late and you haven't done it yet. He says: I try to make the daily text every morning before I get caught up in the day's activities. A 21-year-old brother named Rogelio says: I keep a diary on my phone to remind me to make the daily text.

17-18. Why should you set a time for the daily text, and how can you do so? (See also pictures.)

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Isabelle, a 19-year-old sister, says: "Promise yourself that you will not pick up your cell phone or do anything else on it until you have finished the daily text. If you do, read the daily text on your cell phone, and if you are distracted by it, read a printed edition". If anyone ever reminds you to observe these things, you will not be put to shame.

Help YOUNG PEOPLE and Youths to Have a Regular Meeting

19 Parents, if you make it a habit for your children to share the message of the day with you every day, they will continue to do so even as they grow older. Even when they learn to understand everything, your daily routine will help them to do the same.

19. Explain how children benefit when parents discuss the daily text with their children. (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20 Jesus said: "Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every utterance coming forth through Jehovah's mouth".

Make Sure That Your Faith Is Based on a Solid Foundation

WHEN you studied the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses, what convinced you that you had found "one faith", that is, the only true way of worship? (Eph. 4:4-6) Were you drawn to Jehovah's Witnesses because of their love for one another, or because of their honesty and integrity?

What, though, if a fellow believer has offended you, has been unloving, or has committed a serious sin that is widely reported, such as occurred in the congregation in Corinth in the apostle Paul's day? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you allow the actions or words of others to weaken your faith, how can you avoid such a situation?

HOW can you strengthen your faith?

Think about how you can strengthen your faith as you continue to search for the evidence that what you learn from the Bible is true.

When Jesus said this, many of his disciples said, "This is a hard saying".

When he said this, many of them became stumbled, and no longer followed him.

"You do not want to go also, do you? " Jesus asked the apostles. To him Peter replied", Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life. We have believed and have come to know that you are the Holy One of God".

Peter said: "We have come to believe and to know that you are the Holy One of God". These faithful apostles knew what they believed and why they believed it, and by comparing Jesus' words and deeds with those in the Gospels, they became convinced that Jesus was the Messiah.

What we learn from this account is that what we know is more important than what we feel, for our feelings can change when we are wronged. However, no matter what anyone says or does about the truths we have learned about God's name, his purpose, and the value of the ransom, we will not allow anyone to cause us to stumble.

We rejoice when our brothers and sisters show us love and fine qualities.

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Even if we ourselves are condemned, we stand firm because we know that we belong to the truth, so that we do not become a stumbling block to anyone.

A good routine of Bible study will strengthen our faith in the truth and help us to see that we are on the right track, that our faith is solidly based, and that no matter what others say or do, our faith will not be shaken. - John 16:8; see the box "Keep on the Right Path".

If you allow your faith to be damaged by the actions or words of others, you are showing that the foundation on which your faith is built is weak

Never Stray From the Right Path

Imagine that you are taking a long-distance drive to a scenic spot, and we are sure that you will begin the journey with excitement.

Even if you are faced with unpleasant situations, such as the noise of passengers or the way the driver speaks to you or treats you, it is not the right choice to stay in the car until you reach your destination.

Even though we may be deeply hurt by the actions of a fellow believer, or we may be surprised by the seriousness of an offense committed by someone whom we respect, we do not need to be in the wrong car. We are in God's congregation, nowhere else.

The Watchtower

It Is Jehovah's Kingdom

October 2026; Vol. 147, No. 11 of the book of Acts.

What is the Bible's answer to this question?

1926 - One Hundred Years Ago 2

Study articles for December 7-13 6

Always Be Thankful

Study articles for December 14-20 12

Do Not Underestimate Jehovah's Magnificent Use of You

Study articles for December 21 to 18

Two is Not Enough

Study article for December 28January 3 24

Examining the Scriptures Daily

Make Sure That Your Faith Is Based on a Solid Foundation 30

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work that is supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Learning

Jehovah Rewards Those Who Have Faith

After arriving at the convention, she asked her employer for a day's leave. Not only did he refuse, but he told her that from then on, she would work five days instead of three, adding that if she did not accept the new arrangement, she would have to give up her job in order to attend the convention, and she relied on Jehovah to care for her.

After the convention, Emma took her letter of resignation and went to the hotel manager, who, when he heard what had happened, promised to speak to the manager himself to get her to keep her job. Happily, instead of working nine hours a day, she was able to work only four hours a day, which proved to be far better than her previous schedule, allowing her to enjoy pioneering and other activities in Jehovah's service.

Go to jw.org, or click on the icon below

JW.ORG ® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

What is the Bible's answer to that question?