August 2026

Jehovah's Kingdom - What Does It Mean to You?

This article is part of a series of articles that will be available in the following languages:

October 5 to 11, 2026

Resist Satan's Lies Have Faith in Jehovah and Jesus

Do Not Be Afraid of Them!

INTRODUCTION In this article, we will learn how Satan tries to deceive us into losing faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

"Resist the Devil, and he will flee from you.

FROM the day we dedicated our lives to Jehovah, Satan and his demons have been an ever-present enemy of us. They want us to stop serving Jehovah, but Satan knows that if we have Jehovah's help, his efforts will not succeed. So he does everything he can to keep us away from Jehovah, one way he does this is by trying to make us believe that Jehovah and his Son do not care about us. - 2 Cor. 11:14; Jas. 1:6.

(Eph. 6:12) Satan the Devil knows that if we do not fully trust our diviners, Jehovah God and Jesus Christ, we will disobey them, and he tries to use this tactic in various ways, both in the past and today. In the next article, we will consider two more ways in which Satan tries to trick us into giving up.*

Since Satan is not directly responsible for all our trials and tribulations, but for the spirit of the world, which motivates people to oppose God's people, we need to remember that he is the one who is behind the trials and tribulations we face. - 1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

1. What method does Satan use to try to stop us from serving Jehovah?

2. Why is it important to have faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

2

Satan is the author of lies about Jehovah and Jesus

3 In the garden of Eden, Satan tried to convince Eve that the Creator was not interested in her. He asked: "Is it really so that God said you must not eat from every tree of the garden?" (1 Gen. 3:1-5) Satan wanted Eve to believe that Jehovah was trying to hurt her. Sadly, Eve believed Satan's lie and Adam joined her in rejecting the One who had given them all life. - Gen. 3:6.

4 After causing Adam and Eve to disobey Jehovah, Satan continued to spread falsehoods about Jehovah. For example, he used three of Job's companions to make Job feel that Jehovah did not love him and that his integrity was worthless. (Job 22:1-3) Satan caused Job to suffer terribly, believing that Job would blame Jehovah for his sufferings and disown him.

5 Hundreds of years after Job's day, Satan tried to turn people away from Jesus by means of false accusations against him by religious leaders and others who hated him, and finally by his death as a thief. (Read Matthew.)

(Matt. 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45) Jesus was not the only one who had to suffer the consequences of his actions.

6 After Jesus' death, Satan tried to discourage his followers from preaching, first by spreading falsehoods that Jesus' disciples had stolen his body, and then by harboring fear in their hearts that they might stop doing what Jesus had commanded them to do. - Acts 7:57; 8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

7 Despite the discouragement of some, most remained courageous and continued preaching, realizing that they were facing opposition from Satan and his demons. (Acts 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) What about today?

Satan promotes lies about Jehovah and Jesus

8 Today, one of Satan's most effective tactics is to conceal the truth about Jehovah and Jesus Christ, and he is the master liar who has used false religion to spread falsehoods about Jehovah and Jesus Christ. (John 8:44) For example, he has made it difficult for people to discern the identity of Jehovah and his Son. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some religious leaders teach that the Father and the Son are the same person, so that people worship the Son instead of the Father by ignoring the Father's name.

3. How did Satan break Eve's trust in Jehovah?

4. What falsehoods did Satan try to instill in Job?

5. How did Satan try to dissuade people from following Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. How has Satan tried to stop Jesus' followers from preaching?

8. How has Satan used false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus?

August 3, 2026

Satan's world tries to make us think that God's guidance is too difficult (See paragraph 11)

(Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) When such falsehoods are widespread, it can be difficult to impress the truth on others, and some may even oppose our ministry.

(Prov. 18:10) Satan, on the other hand, does not want people to know Jehovah's name, so he has long used false religion to prevent people from using God's name or even to prevent others from using it. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) (Jas. 4:8) Satan also tries to stop Jehovah's servants from serving him.

10 When we are faced with difficult situations, how can we help others?

9. How does Satan try to blind people to Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

10. What could cause a Christian to become "enraged against Jehovah"?

4 The Watchtower

Satan wants us to believe that Jehovah does not care about us. He wants us to rely on Jehovah when things are not going well. (Prov. 19:3) And when we do, we may begin to think: 'If I do not have Jehovah's help, why should I continue to obey his laws and regulations?

11 Satan uses social media to make us think that we do not need to follow Jehovah's standards. For example, the Internet promotes the idea that the Bible's moral code is outdated and that everyone is free to do what he thinks is right.

12 When we listen to the world's propaganda about what is right and what is wrong, we may begin to question Jehovah's standards. A young sister named Shannon* admits: "It took me a long time to realize that what I was taught about life at school and what I was taught by my friends was gradually changing my thinking.

* Name has been changed.

11. How has Satan tried to turn people away from Jehovah's guidance? (See also the picture.)

12. Why should we not listen to Satan's propaganda?

I no longer enjoyed serving Jehovah, and I no longer enjoyed being with my siblings. Later, though, Shannon made changes and escaped Satan's tricks and regained her relationship with Jehovah.

13 Shannon came to realize that she needed to make serious changes in order to regain her relationship with Jehovah and Jesus. She says: "I prayed to Jehovah to help me find good friends and did some research. I also benefited greatly from the videos on jw.org (Young People Ask - How Can I Make Real Friends?) * A young sister who had the same experience as I did sought help from her parents, so I followed her example and sought help from her parents. With the help of my parents, the elders in the congregation, and the older sisters in the congregation, I learned that it was not enough to attend meetings or to obey my parents but to have a close relationship with Jehovah and to have faith in his Word.

How important Jehovah and Jesus are to you

14 To be close to Jehovah, we must be close to others

* For more information on how you can draw closer to Jehovah, go to jw.org and download the section "Young People Ask" and the section "Growing Spiritually" in the section "Young People Ask", and then look for the subheading "Growing Spiritually".

13. What have you learned from Shannon's experience?

14. (a) What can we do to prevent Satan's lies from weakening our faith? (b) What can we do to avoid being overwhelmed by Satan's lies?

August 5th, 2026

By maintaining our spirituality, we can resist Satan's snares

(See also paragraph 14)

(Jas. 4:4) We also need to be careful that we do not believe everything that the world says on the Internet or in the media. For example, we may be exposed to false or untrue information. However, if we diligently study the Bible and our publications and associate regularly with mature Christians, we will avoid being misled.

(Prov. 22:19) Our trust in them is strengthened when we meditate on how Jehovah and Jesus cared for faithful ones mentioned in the Bible's accounts. The Bible contains abundant evidence that Jehovah and Jesus love us deeply, for example, Jehovah says that he loves his people more than a mother loves her child (Isa. 49:15) and that those who love him are precious to him. - Mal. 3:16, 17.

15. How can we strengthen our conviction that Jehovah and Jesus are with us?

6 What Does It Mean?

The Bible reveals that Jesus too loves us so much that he willingly gave his life for us. - John 15:12, 13.

16 Reflecting on how Jehovah and Jesus have cared for you over the years will strengthen your confidence that Jehovah will continue to care for you. (Prov. 22:17) If you do, you can be confident that no matter what happens, Jehovah and Jesus will never abandon you. - Read Psalm 118:5, 6.

17 All of us want to remain close friends of Jehovah and Jesus.

(Rev. 20:1-3, 10) To resist Satan's machinations, you must stay close to Jehovah and be confident that he and his Son love and value you. Then, as Jesus assured us, no one can snatch you from the Father's hand. - Read John 10:29; Jas. 4:7.

18 In the following article, we will consider two more of Satan's snares - divisiveness and persecution - and how we can resist them.

16. Why is it good to recall how Jehovah has helped you and others? (Psalm 118:5, 6)

17. According to John 10:29, what assurance did Jesus give to those who love him and his Father?

18. What will we consider in the following article?

HOW would you respond?

■ How did Satan spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ How is Satan today spreading lies about Jehovah and Jesus?

■ Why are you convinced that Jehovah and Jesus are with you?

CULTURE 150 Seek God and Be Delivered

October 12 to 18, 2026

We Will Continue to Endure

INTRODUCTION This article will help us to remember that we have a fight, not against our brothers, but against Satan and the wicked spirit forces.

You Can Win the Battle Against Satan and the Demons!

For we have a wrestling, not against blood and flesh, but against . . . the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places. - Eph. 6:12.

JEHOVAH'S servants do not engage in warfare. (Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) However, the Bible warns us that we must wage a war against Satan and the wicked spirit forces. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12) How can we win the battle against these powerful enemies?

2 In the preceding article, we learned how the Devil tries to break our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will consider two other ways that Satan tries to break our faith: first, by trying to break our unity, and second, by using persecution to intimidate us into doing the work that Jehovah has given us.

SATAN is trying to deceive us

3 Satan tries to divide us

1. What enemies do we need to fight? (Ephesians 6:11, 12) 2. What will we consider in this article?

8

Saul became jealous of David and failed to trust in Jehovah, but Jonathan loyally supported David (See paragraphs 4, 6)

He knows that if we are not united, he can easily overwhelm us, for we live in a world dominated by a lack of love and trust. Satan wants us to cultivate traits that will cause us to argue with our brothers, even to hate them, and to find fault with Jehovah's organization. - Rom. 16:17.

4 Consider King Saul, who at first admired David and was impressed by David's military prowess. (1 Sam. 18:5) Later, however, Saul became jealous of David's popularity and sought to kill him. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) Satan must have been happy to see David killed, for Jehovah had already anointed David to be the future king of Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) Satan was happy that Saul was determined to kill David, whom Jehovah had chosen.

5 Satan knows that our unity results in Jehovah's help and blessing. (Ps. 133:1) Satan is determined to break our unity. He wants us to be jealous of our brothers and sisters, just as Saul was jealous of David. (Mark 12:30, 31) But if we are jealous of our brothers and sisters, will our worship be acceptable to Jehovah?

6 Love will not make us jealous, but it will make us attached to our brothers

4. Why did King Saul hate David? (See also illustration.)

5. Why does the Devil want us to envy fellow Christians? (James 3:14-16)

6. What have you learned from Jonathan's example? (See also illustration.)

August 2026

9

Think of Jonathan, Saul's son, who, unlike his father, was not jealous of David. He became a friend of David and assured him that Jehovah's promise to David would be fulfilled.

7 Another way that Satan tries to disrupt our unity is by dividing us because we come from different countries, cultures, attitudes, and beliefs. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) (Rev. 12:12) We and our fellow Christians are united in our fight against those same enemies, Satan and the demons. - 1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 When a fellow believer says or does something that offends you, remember that he or she is not perfect, just as you are. (Eccl. 7:20) The more you work together, the more disagreements will arise.

Therefore, let us love our fellow believers and promote unity, for that is what Jehovah and Jesus want us to do. - John 17:20, 21.

SATAN USES OPPOSITION to try to defeat us

9 Another of Satan's methods of discouragement is persecution, which the apostle Paul warned that all true Christians would be persecuted. (2 Tim. 3:12) When faced with opposition and persecution, we can easily become so concerned about how we will defend ourselves that we lose sight of the primary work that Jehovah has given us - the Kingdom-preaching work. - Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Consider the case of Abraham's son Isaac, who was so successful that he grew jealous of the wells that Abraham's servants had dug. (Gen. 26:12-18) Despite the fact that the Philistines claimed ownership of the wells, Isaac chose to move to a distant land, where he and his family and their livestock were in dire need of water. (Gen. 26:19-25) When we are treated unfairly, can we imitate Isaac's patience and courage?

7. How can we prevent the Devil from destroying our unity? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. How should we react if a fellow believer says or does something that hurts us?

9. What is another way that Satan tries to discourage us?

10. How did Isaac react to injustice?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Stop

#We want change

The People Serve

We want change

Will you remain loyal to Jehovah and his Kingdom? (See paragraph 13)

11 When Jesus, the Messiah, came to earth, he was rejected by many, for example, some of his relatives thought that he was insane. (Mark 3:21) Religious leaders often accused him of being unfit to preach. (Luke 11:15, 16) He was betrayed by a close friend. (Matt. 26:14-16) Despite such opposition, Jesus continued to serve Jehovah zealously, never taking vengeance. (Luke 22:50, 51) In all of this, Jesus did not retaliate, but he remained focused on the work that Jehovah had given him to do.

12 Like Jesus, we face challenges that can discourage us. Satan tries to stop us from preaching the good news, even when family members or others oppose or persecute us. But Jesus taught us to love even those who persecute us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.)

13 Even when governmental authorities impose restrictions on our worship or make our lives difficult in some other way, we are obligated to show respect for them because Jehovah wants us to do so.

11. How did Jesus react when people treated him unkindly?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we treat those who persecute us?

13. Why should we respect governmental authorities even when they oppose our preaching work? (See also the picture.)

August 11th, 2026

By displaying brotherly love and unity, we can overcome Satan and the demons (See paragraph 16)

(Prov. 24:21, 22, footnote; Eccl. 8:2, 3) When we are involved in political matters, we are doing Satan's will, and we are not fully supporting God's Kingdom. - John 15:19.

14 Some who once opposed us have become zealous servants of Jehovah. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So if you are ridiculed, persecuted, or falsely slandered, remember that they can change their ways. (Matt. 5:11) Pray for the authorities to allow us to continue to serve Jehovah freely. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Pray also for family members, workmates, and schoolmates who oppose you. A woman who persecuted her Witness husband for years before she came to know the truth said: "If we are patient, if we are more patient, much good can come out of it".

15 We cannot account for all the injustices we see in the world today or the injustices that we personally experience. (Eccl. 1:15) But Jehovah can.

14. What should we remember about opposers?

15. Why is it impossible to correct injustice in this system of things?

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Ps. 37:18) Soon, by means of his Kingdom, he will undo all the damage caused by Satan and his agents. (1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) Until then, though, we must continue to be patient and to show love to others, and we must use our time and energy to help as many people as possible to become friends of Jehovah.

You Can Fight Satan and his demons!

16 The Bible assures us that we can overcome Satan and the demons. (Jas. 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) To do so, however, we must have full faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (Eph. 6:16) So keep building your faith, and let that faith move you to continue to love your brothers and to stick together.

16. How can we win the fight against Satan and the demons? (See also the pictures.)

17 Regardless of what the Devil uses to divide us or to discourage us, we must never allow him to do so. With the help of Jehovah and Jesus, we can overcome Satan if we remain loyal to him.

17. What should be your resolve?

HOW would you respond?

■ What does Satan do to try to divide us from our Christian brothers?

■ How does Satan try to get us to stop the Kingdom-preaching work?

■ What convinces you that you can defeat Satan and the demons?

What is the meaning of song 149?

Avadzidudu is playing music

October 19 to 25, 2026

106 - Cultivating the Spirit of Love

INTRODUCTION In this article, we will see what we can learn from the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus about how we can promote peace in the congregation.

Let All Things Be Impelled by Love

In the name of love, I beg you. - PHILEM. 9.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) Jehovah is the Source of that peace, but he expects each of us to contribute to its preservation. (Rom. 12:18) How can we promote peace in the congregation? How can we do so when we are offended? How can we pursue peace when we are offended?

I WANT to kill you

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. Paul's letter to Philemon encouraged Philemon's willingness to receive back his slave Onesimus because of his love for Christ and for fellow believers. (Phil. 4:9) Paul allowed Onesimus to return to Philemon, since under Roman law an escaped slave could return to his master. - Phil. 12, 13.

What shall I do with him? Shall I punish him according to the law? Shall I not make a division among the brothers?

1. What responsibility do we have?

2. Summarize the account of Philemon and Onesimus (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

3. Why might Paul have been concerned about sending Onesimus to his master? (See also opening picture.)

14

(Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) In the meantime, Paul also sent a letter to the congregation in Colossae. In this article, we will consider what we can learn from Paul's words to Philemon and Onesimus.

INTRODUCTION From the Sermon on the Mount

4 What can we learn from Paul's example? It teaches us how to be peaceable in our dealings with others.

5 Paul was friendly toward Philemon. (Phil. 17) Paul did not feel that he could speak to Philemon as if he were a mere speck of dust. (2 Cor. 1:24) Rather, Paul viewed Philemon as a fellow worker and reminded him of their friendship. (Acts 5:1-3) Rather, elders who imitate Paul's friendly attitude toward their brothers and sisters set a fine example for them by giving them their time, attention, and support when needed.

6 Philemon was commended by Paul (Phil. 4, 5, 7).

Where there is dishonor, where there is flattery, where there is pride, where there is anger, where there is strife, where there is pride - all these are destructive of peace. (Prov. 12:25) If you want to make others feel that way, take advantage of every opportunity to offer sincere commendation, not just for what they have done but also for the effort they have put forth.

7 Paul commended Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) Did Paul's positive comments about Onesimus change the way Philemon felt about him?

4-5. What can elders do to promote peace in the congregation?

6. Why is it important to give honor to one another?

7. Why should we weigh matters carefully (Philemon 10-12)

August 15th, 2026

Like Paul, have a positive view of fellow believers and speak positively about them (See paragraph 8)

What can we learn from Paul's repeated examples? If we want to do good to others, we need to think of them in a positive way.

8 Paul often thanked Jehovah for the good qualities of Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5) Paul did the same for others. (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Although Paul knew the shortcomings of his brothers, he sought out the good in them and repeatedly thanked Jehovah for them.

9 Consider the circumstances in which Paul wrote to Philemon. He had been unjustly attacked, beaten, imprisoned, spent time in prison in Jerusalem and in Caesarea, and was shipwrecked on his way to Rome. (Phil. 1) Rather than allowing his personal circumstances to discourage him, Paul reasoned carefully and chose words that honored Philemon. What can we learn from this?

8. What can help us to think and speak well of our brothers and sisters? (See also pictures.)

9. What was remarkable about Paul's letter to Philemon, and why?

What We Can Do to Prepare for the Great Tribulation

We all stumble in many ways by what we say or do.

10. How did Onesimus pursue peace with Philemon, and why was this remarkable?

16 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

It seemed easy, yet impossible, for Philemon to make peace with him after he had traveled thousands of miles to get back to his master, and to free him from bondage and chastisement. What if that servant thinks he is free from his master's lust? If he is free, he will go to his master and make peace with him.

(Matt. 5:23-25) First, apologize sincerely, listen to the other person's feelings and understand his or her feelings, acknowledge your mistake, and avoid making excuses or blaming the other person.

From the Book of Philemon

12 The example of Philemon helps us to see how we can pursue peace when we are offended. The brief account does not say whether Philemon forgave Onesimus and accepted him freely.

13 Philemon showed deep love for his fellow Christians. (Phil. 5) Philemon lived up to his name, which means "Wonderful Love".

11. How can we pursue peace when we have offended someone? (See also the pictures.)

12. Why was Paul confident that Philemon would forgive Onesimus?

13. Why is love essential for us to be peaceable? (Colossians 3:14)

Like Onesimus, be humble and work hard to make peace (See paragraph 11)

Like Philemon, be hospitable and promote unity in the congregation (See paragraph 15)

In his letter to the congregation in Colossae, to Philemon, Paul described love as a perfect bond of union. (Read Colossians 3:14) In this regard, love is the strongest force for peace and unity, and the more we love others, the easier it will be for us to forgive and treat them kindly. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Consider another quality that helped Philemon to love his brothers.

(Phil. 2) Evidently, Paul was aware of Philemon's hospitality and asked him to prepare meals for him. (Phil. 22) Philemon's hospitality undoubtedly added to the warmth of the brothers and sisters in his presence. - Philem. 7.

15 If we imitate Philemon's hospitality, we will find it easier to show love for our brothers and sisters because it will help us to get to know them better. When we spend time with those who are not our close friends or whose personalities are different from ours, we will appreciate that each of Jehovah's servants is unique and beautiful in Jehovah's organization. (John 6:44) So when we show hospitality to our brothers and sisters, we increase our love for them, our view of them, and our willingness to forgive them.

16 Regardless of our love for our brothers and sisters, what can help us to do so? Consider Paul's words to the congregation in Colossae, to Philemon. (Read.)

14. How do we know that Philemon loved hospitality?

15. How does hospitality strengthen our love for one another? (See also pictures.)

16. How might Philemon have applied Paul's counsel found at Colossians 3:13?

18 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

When this letter was read in the presence of the people, it was clear to them that he should be patient and forgiving, for what good would Paul's counsel do for us?

17 Paul's words: "Continue putting up with one another" mean that we should be patient with our fellow believers, even when they offend us. In the same verse, Paul highlights Jehovah's example of love and forgiveness. (Col. 3:22, 23) If we view our brothers and sisters as Jehovah does, we will be more inclined to be patient and forgiving, for we enjoy being forgiven.

18 Jehovah appreciates your efforts to promote peace in the congregation by using every opportunity to be a peacemaker, by keeping your words gentle and positive, by being generous in making excuses, by being quick to settle disputes, by showing genuine love for fellow believers, and by being willing to forgive.

18. What are you determined to do?

DESCRIPTION: Onesimus, Tychicus, and others in Philemon's household are listening to the reading of Paul's letter.

17. What does it mean to keep on bearing with one another?

WHAT can you learn from these people?

■ The apostle Paul

■ Onesimus

■ Philemon

A Love That Never Fails

Oct. 26 to Nov. 1, 2026

Song 62 - What Does It Mean to You?

The New Song

The FIRST

This article will help us to appreciate Jehovah's provision for salvation and the privilege of rendering him sacred service.

Appreciate Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

who has given us the light of salvation so that we may fearlessly render him sacred service. - LUKE 1:69, 74.

WHAT would this child become? (Luke 1:57-66) When the elderly priest Zechariah and his elderly wife, Elizabeth, miraculously gave birth to their son, John, Jehovah used Zechariah to reveal that John would move people to repentance and prepare them for the coming Messiah. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But Zechariah was not merely prophesying about what John would do.* As we will see, Zechariah's words are prophetic and have implications for us. Zechariah's words highlight three things that we need to appreciate: (1) God's gift of salvation, (2) the privilege of rendering God sacred service, and (3) the precious commission to preach.

God's Greatest Gift to Us

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God promised that he would deliver his people, but through whom? Zechariah prophesied: "A horn of salvation has Jehovah raised up for us in the house of David".

* See the drama The Gospel According to Jesus, Part 1, a portion of Zechariah's prophecy with a link to Luke 1:67.

1. What is the focus of Zechariah's prophecy?

2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what promise did God make to his people? (b) Who is the mighty fisherman mentioned at Luke 1:69?

20

(Luke 1:69) The Jews of Zechariah's day had been expecting the promised Messiah, knowing that he would be a descendant of Abraham through the royal line of David. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) But why did Jehovah repeat Zechariah's prophecy about the coming of this mighty deliverer? That was when Jehovah anointed him with holy spirit to become the Messiah, the mighty Deliverer. (Matt. 3:16, 17) What a thrilling event!

3 The first-century Jews needed deliverance, but from what? Zechariah answered: "From the hand of our enemies and from the hand of all those who hated us". (Luke 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus would deliver the Jews from Roman oppression? No. Rather, he would deliver them from the master oppressor, Satan. (Heb. 2:14, 15) Satan was responsible for enslaving all mankind to sin and death, including the ancient Jews. (Rev. 3:10, 13) Hence, the Jews needed what Jehovah promised through Zechariah, namely, a deliverance that would result in the forgiveness of their sins. - Luke 1:77.

3. The first-century Jews needed deliverance from what?

4 Like the Jews in Jesus' day, we are enslaved to sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) In addition, we are under pressure from Satan and his demons, who try to deceive us and turn us away from serving Jehovah by influencing individuals and organizations that oppose us.

During his earthly ministry, Jesus taught his followers how to serve Jehovah acceptably, and he gave his life as a ransom so that those exercising faith in him might not perish but gain everlasting life. (John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) We endeavor to serve Jehovah in the way Jesus taught us to do, but because we are imperfect, we ask Jehovah for forgiveness when we sin, and Jehovah accepts our worship on the basis of the ransom. (John 2:1, 2) Jesus thus frees us from sin.

6 Since 1914, Jesus has been ruling on the throne of his Father, David. (Luke 1:32, 33) He is the King and King of God's Kingdom.

4. From what enemies do we need deliverance today?

5. How does Jesus deliver us from sin?

6. What will Jesus do as King? (See also the picture.)

21st of August 2026

Jehovah's provision of deliverance through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

(John 5:28; Rev. 22:1, 2) By the end of the thousand years, sin and death will have been completely eliminated. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) Then, at the final test, Satan, his demons, and their human allies will have been completely destroyed. (Rev. 20:7-10) At that time, faithful ones will be able to serve Jehovah fully, free from sin, death, and opposition. Then we will praise our God forever and be grateful for his greatest gift of free will, which includes our deliverance through Christ Jesus. - 2 Cor. 9:15.

Our Privilege to Worship God

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Zechariah pointed out that Jehovah's provision of the ransom gives us the opportunity to render sacred service to God without fear. Our sacred service involves all aspects of pure worship: we render sacred service to Jehovah by preaching, praying, studying his Word, and attending meetings, assemblies, and conventions.

8 What, though, does it mean to render fearless sacred service to Jehovah?

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what privilege did Jehovah give his people?

8. What do we not have to fear?

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

First, we do not need to fear death. Knowing that we have the prospect of living forever, we put Jehovah's service first rather than struggling to get everything we want in this short life. We do not give in to the threat of death by opposers, but we remain loyal to Jehovah, knowing that even if we die, Jesus will resurrect us. (John 6:39, 40) Second, we do not need to fear that Jehovah has given us life because we are sinners.

9 Some may find it hard to believe that Jehovah is pleased with their service, perhaps because of a traumatic experience in the past or because of deep feelings of guilt over past sins, even though they have sought forgiveness from Jehovah and have sought help from the elders.

10 To illustrate: If an amputee is in a hospital, and the doctor has given him training to help him walk, what if he feels that his injury is beyond repair? He may need to follow the doctor's instructions and gradually recover.

(John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Take steps toward full recovery, including prayer, study, and other spiritual activities. (Ps. 1:2; 1 Thess. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Just as it takes time to heal, it can take time to regain full confidence in Jehovah's love and forgiveness. (Phil. 3:16) And thank God and Christ every day for strengthening you to serve him faithfully. We are grateful that we have the privilege of rendering sacred service fearlessly!

A Privileged Assignment to Be Fulfilled

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. Zechariah then said to the infant: "You will go ahead of him to prepare the way of Jehovah". How? When John grew up, he became a zealous preacher, urging the people of Israel to repent, be baptized, and have faith in the Messiah who was to come.

9. How do some feel, and why?

Give an example of how you can cope with feelings of guilt over past sins.

12. How did John prepare the way for Jehovah? (Luke 1:76-79)

August 23 of 2026

Therefore, since we have received a gift from God, let us use it as an act of godly devotion.

(See also paragraph 16)

The Origin of Life - Five Questions Worth Asking

They followed Jesus, the Messiah. - John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John's zealously witnessing that Jesus was the Messiah, Jehovah's means of salvation, was the good news that all the people needed to hear.

(Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) He zealously proclaimed: "The kingdom of the heavens is at hand". Yet, he knew that more people would need to preach the good news, and he trained his disciples to do so. - Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 As Christ's followers today, we treasure the privilege of proclaiming Jehovah's message of salvation. Indeed, it is more urgent than ever to preach about the ransom sacrifice of Jesus and God's Kingdom.

13. What did Zechariah mean when he said that the Messiah's arrival would be like the dawn?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is the weeding work urgent today?

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Matt. 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) So it is vital that we keep on preaching the good news now. - Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:10.

16 Zechariah's words recorded at Luke 1:68-79 remind us of three things that we value: God's gift of salvation, the privilege of fearlessly rendering sacred service to God, and the privilege of preaching the good news. and to render to him sacred service before him without fear and in holiness and righteousness, all our days.

16. What are you determined to do? (See also pictures.)

PAGE 24 - Two sisters preaching from house to house, a brother preaching to a workmate during a break, and a sister explaining to her classmates and her teacher the proof that life was created.

According to the words of Luke 1:68-79, . . .

■ What precious thing has Jehovah given us?

■ What opportunity did Jesus' ransom provide?

■ What important work have we been assigned?

SONG 159 Give Jehovah the Honor He Deserves

LIFE STORY How did you get there?

My Grand Creator Cared for Me

As told by Stephane Landroin

WHEN I was a child, I didn't like school, I didn't do well at school, I didn't want to be seen by others, and I never thought that I could be seen by God. Why?

I grew up in Paris, France, surrounded by an atheist family, and I was taught at school that there was no Creator and that evolution was a result of a process of evolution.

My parents had no interest in religion; they taught me that if there really is a God, then there should be suffering and injustice in the world; and they taught me that if there is a God, then there is no reason to believe in him, even though I have seen so much hypocrisy.

Now that I am convinced that there is a Creator who cares about me despite my limitations, let me tell you why I changed my mind and why I am happy.

Little did I know then that at the age of 19, I was drafted into the army and sent to French Guiana, South America, for a year.

When I returned to Paris at the age of 20, working from Monday to Friday, and partying and drinking on the weekends, I realized that I was not truly happy and that my life had no purpose.

I was born in Paris, France, into an atheist family

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

I was overwhelmed by poverty, corruption, injustice, injustice, and the destruction of the planet, and I began to think about South America.

Finding Happiness in French Guiana

I returned to French Guiana, where I had been stationed in the jungle, thinking that I would be happier if I had the luxury of living in the wilderness, but I soon regressed to my old ways, working hard on the weekends and going to the gym on the weekends.

About that time, someone gave me a copy of the Bible, and I began to read it, hoping to find practical advice on how to improve my life, but I could not understand what I was reading.

I had friends who had built a village in the forest called Unity, and they wanted to know the meaning of life too, so they invited me to stay with them.

We have lived in darkness and in peace; we have slept and slept without sleep; we have eaten and drunk without food; we have hunted and killed without fear; we have dealt treacherously with men;

We wanted to live like the rest of the world, where no one spoke to each other, and no one was treated fairly, no matter where they came from. But I realized that we were all self-centered, flawed, and gradually assimilated to the problems of the rest of the world, some for days, some for weeks, some for months, and I for more than two years.

When I was in the forest, I saw that the land was so fertile that we got everything we needed, and it was raining in one day, and I tried to count the crops, and they were so many that I couldn't count them.

A. A tent in the village of Unity

B. In the forest

A and B

B and C

Who hath made all these things out of nothing? Is there not a Maker, whom I know not?

I started reading again, but now I want to know what God's will is for me, and I prayed, and I made the sign of the cross, but I didn't know why, and I wondered, "What is the name of the Creator, Yah?" because in our village, we sing that name.

How I Met Our Loving Father

One of my neighbors gave her a book entitled You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth.* I read it, and what I learned touched my heart!

I realized that I needed to make changes in my life but that I could not do so on my own, so I arranged to meet with a Witness missionary named Michel, who was studying the Bible with him.

The day I met Michel, he invited me to attend a convention in Matoury, about 150 miles [240 km] from the capital, Cayenne, wearing a long beard, a long beard, a red sweater, and a large sweater.

One of the speakers at the convention discussed 1 Timothy 5:8, which clearly shows that a good head cares for the needs of his household, and explained that Jehovah does the same; he always cares for those in his household.

* Published by Jehovah's Witnesses but now out of print.

I learned the truth in French Guiana, was baptized in France, and now serve with my husband in New Caledonia

French

FRENCH GUIANA French Guiana

New Caledonia

Our wedding day

Delivering a talk to a Chinese-language group, 2006

I was convinced of this when I saw how Jehovah cared for Michel, who put Jehovah's will first in his life, but he was happy.

As my Bible study progressed, I made changes in my life - I stopped eating and smoking pot, I threw my remaining cigarettes and marijuana into the fire, and I stopped smoking ever since. I gradually began attending Christian meetings. At one meeting, I asked a brother to cut my hair, and he gave it to me that very day at the Kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, when I returned to France from the village in French Guiana, I found a Kingdom Hall and started to study the Bible with the Witnesses. My parents were pleased to see the changes in my life - I no longer smoked, drank, and went to the clubs - but they were not pleased with the way I explained my beliefs to them.

I prayed to Jehovah to help me become a missionary like Michel, feeling that this would be the best way to show Jehovah that I was grateful for what he had done for me.

Our heavenly Father has blessed us in every way

Claudine, a beautiful young woman in our congregation, was very zealous in the field ministry, and I could see from her comments at the meetings that she had a deep love for Jehovah. She wanted to get to know me, but first, I wanted to see if Claudine would be interested in the missionary work, too, and we were married in April 2000.

The next year, we both started pioneering, and soon we decided to learn Mandarin to help a Chinese-speaking group nearby. I had to learn to think like a Chinese person and learn how to reason with the Bible, even though I did not understand Mandarin. Jehovah richly blessed those years and our assignments prepared us for future assignments.

What We Learned From Our Experiences

For example, I felt that my efforts to serve Jehovah and my brothers were not worthwhile, so I wanted my talks to be so heartwarming that I had to spend too much time preparing them.

August 29th, 2026

With my wife, now in circuit work in New Caledonia

(Eccl. 7:16) I needed to understand that Jehovah, our loving Father, is pleased when we do what we can, and he does not expect perfection from us.

In Paris, I was appointed assistant circuit overseer, and I felt young and inexperienced, but I did not realize that Jehovah's spirit could enable us to accomplish more than we could on our own.

Another problem I have had since I was young is that I have a physical disability that causes me to shudder, especially in my arms, when I feel anxious, such as when I give a talk at an assembly or when I pray to Jehovah to help me to remain calm. I still have this problem, but as I rely more fully on Jehovah, I feel calm and calm.

In 2011, our dream was fulfilled, and we were assigned as missionaries to New Caledonia, a barren island in the Pacific Ocean some 16,000 miles (16,000 km) southwest of Paris. There, we had to learn to eat new foods, such as onions, peanuts, and peanuts.

In addition to our missionary assignments, we have served at Bethel, attended the School for Kingdom Evangelizers, and now serve as a circuit overseer. In all of these assignments, we have seen the power of Jehovah's holy spirit. Although I am still somewhat shy in public, God helps me so that when I visit congregations, I can give them the encouragement and direction they need.

She never complained about the hot weather and the challenges of the circuit work - her calmness, her joy in every assignment, and her eagerness to share in the preaching work.

At my first convention, I learned that Jehovah, the Grand Creator, always cares for his servants. I have been richly blessed by putting his service first in my life. Jehovah has helped me to learn how to be submissive to governments and to those taking the lead among his people.

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

DID you know?

What happened at the gates of cities in ancient Israel?

TODAY, the gates of a city are the main entrance to the city, but they are also the center of daily life.

The word "gate" in Hebrew can refer to more than just a city gate, but it can also refer to a tented enclosure, sometimes a public square, or a public square. - Neh. 8:1.

Some of the gates in Jerusalem are likely named after merchants, such as the Fish Gate and the Sheep Gate. - Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

(Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Travelers would spend the night in the streets near the city gates if they were not welcomed. (Judg. 19:15-21) Others would go to the city streets to hear the latest news. - 2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

(Deuteronomy 21:18-20) The public hearing of a case made it easier for judges to be impartial and to render just judgments. (Deuteronomy 25:2) Both Jehovah and the people expected that city judges would act in a just and upright manner and encourage good people to do the same. - Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

There is a lot going on every day at the gates of the city

(1 Ki. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu stood at the city gate and proclaimed the fulfillment of Jehovah's judgment against the house of Ahab. (2 Ki. 10:8-10) King Hezekiah gathered the military leaders at the city gates and encouraged them to trust in Jehovah. - 2 Chron. 32:6-8.

(Prov. 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, faithful men served at the gates of the city, providing sound counsel and sound judgment. Today, we can be thankful that Jehovah's wisdom is found in the Bible, and his servants around the world are helping others to find it.

August 31 of 2026

The Watchtower publishes a book called Jehovah's Kingdom.

August 2026 ▸ Vol. 147, No. 8 of the book of EWE

In this article

Study articles for October 5-11

Resist Satan's Lies - Have Faith in Jehovah and Jesus

Study articles for October 12-18

You Can Win the Battle Against Satan and the Demons!

Study articles for October 19-25

Let All Things Be Impelled by Love

Study articles for October 26 to November 1

Appreciate Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

What is the Bible's answer?

My Grand Creator Delivered Me From It

Did You Know?

What happened at the gates of cities in ancient Israel?

What the Bible Says

A Quickly Growing Tree

One of the thirty species of trees mentioned in the Bible is the winter-flowering yew tree, which blossoms in late January, and its stems are somewhat reddish-white and brightly colored. Appropriately, the Hebrew name for the tree is spring. What does this tree have in common with its Maker?

In the footnote to Jeremiah 7:25, Jehovah spoke of waking up early to deceive his prophets. The Watchtower of March 15, 2011, stated: "Like the morning dew that rises early, Jehovah would figuratively wake up early to warn people about the consequences of disobedience, and he would not cease to be watchful until his prophetic word was fully fulfilled. - Jer. 1:11, 12.

(Eccl. 12:5) The golden candlestick cups in the temple may have been made in the shape of the cedar, because of the beauty of the cedar. - Ex. 37:17-20.

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures - With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the jw.org website, or scan this link on your device

JW.ORG® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

w26.08-EW