July 2026

The Watchtower has been a source of inspiration for millions of people around the world.

This article is part of a series of articles that will be available in the following languages: English, French, French, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish, Spanish, Portuguese, Portuguese, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Portuguese, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Spanish, Portuguese, Portuguese, Spanish, Spanish,

SEPTEMBER 7 to 13, 2026

Song 88 - What Does It Mean to You?

Make Me Know Your Ways

The FIRST

In this article, we will consider the example of the Gibeonites and Jehovah's dealings with them.

Imitate the Gibeonites

The Gibeonites made peace with Israel and lived among them. - JOSH. 10:1.

IN 1473 B.C.E., just before the conquest of Jericho and Ai, an unexpected event occurred when a group of foreigners from a distant land came to the Promised Land to make a peace treaty.

2 The Gibeonites are mentioned for the first time in the Bible - but not for the last time. The Bible record indicates that the Gibeonites had lived in harmony with the Israelites for centuries.

9 Ways to Live in Faith

(Deut. 7:1) The Gibeonites were renowned for their fierceness. (Josh. 10:2) The other Canaanite nations wanted to fight alongside the Israelites, but the Gibeonites felt that they would not be defeated.

1-2. Why is it important for us to learn about the Gibeonites?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did they seek peace with Israel?

2

The Gibeonites tricked Joshua into making a peace treaty with them (See paragraph 4)

(Ex. 34:11; Josh. 9:24) So after Israel conquered Jericho and Ai, the Gibeonites sent messengers* to Joshua at Gilgal to make peace with him.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeonites deceived Joshua into thinking that they were from a distant land, saying that they had heard that they had betrayed Jehovah God and that they had been rewarded with victories over the Egyptian and Amorite kings Sihon and Og. (Josh. 9:16-19) The elders of Israel soon realized that the Gibeonites had deceived them, but since the Gibeonites had already sworn an oath to Jehovah, the God of Israel, they kept the covenant. - Josh. 9:27.

5 Upon hearing that the Gibeonites had made peace with Israel, five Amorite kings agreed to go to Gibeon, and the Gibeonites appealed to Joshua (Josh. 10:3-7).

The ambassadors likely came from Gibeon and from the other three cities of the Hivites - Kephirah, Beeroth, and Kirjath-jearim. - Josh. 9:17.

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites deceive the elders of Israel into making a peace treaty with them? (See also the picture.) (b) What happened when Joshua learned that they had been deceived?

5. How did the Gibeonites show faith in Jehovah?

July 3, 2026

(Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites demonstrated faith in Jehovah's ability to deliver them and in the fulfillment of his promises to his people by concluding a covenant with Israel.

(Num. 33:51, 52) However, because of the Israelites' compassion for the Gibeonites, Jehovah spared them, even though the Israelites had not consulted him before making a covenant with them, and he helped the Israelites to fulfill a covenant with the Gibeonites.

(Ps. 40:4, 5) And like the Gibeonites, we should be willing to accept humble assignments in Jehovah's service. (Josh. 9:23, 27) Luke, a young Bethelite, recalls that an older brother at Bethel once volunteered for a humble assignment. Luke says: "I learned from him that humility is not just a feeling, but a quality that is reflected in our actions. Like the Gibeonites, let us daily rely on Jehovah to help us through our trials and humbly volunteer to do whatever is needed in Jehovah's organization.

Imitate Jehovah When Dealing With Injustice

8 The Gibeonites are mentioned again centuries later during the reign of King Saul, who became so jealous of Israel and Judah that he set out to destroy the Gibeonites in Israel.* As a result, he slaughtered many of them. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) What an injustice!

9 Jehovah did not immediately punish the wicked Gibeonites. However, after David became king of Israel, Jehovah intervened by causing a three-year drought that resulted in a severe famine.

Some scholars suggest that Saul may have been jealous of foreigners and that he did not want them to live in Israel.

6. What do we learn from Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we imitate the humility and faith of the Gibeonites? (See also the picture.)

8. What injustice did King Saul do to the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah expose the unrighteousness of the Gibeonites?

4 The Watchtower

Like the Gibeonites, be willing to accept any assignment in the congregation (See paragraph 7)

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. King David asked the Gibeonites what they wanted to do to atone for Saul's injustice. Would the Gibeonites take this opportunity to demand a large ransom? No. Instead, they replied that they owed no money, since according to God's Law, no ransom was to be paid for a murderer who deserved to die. In time, Jehovah brought rain and plenty of food to the land, proving that he was pleased with the way the matter was handled. - 2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

He wants us to treat all people justly, and in his due time, he will correct any injustice that has been done to his servants. Just as Jehovah expects us to keep our peace treaty with the Gibeonites, so he expects us to keep our peace treaty with them. - Compare Amos 1:9.

12 We can imitate the example of the Gibeonites by patiently waiting for Jehovah to correct matters, even when we are treated unfairly by fellow believers. By doing so, we show that we trust that Jehovah will correct matters at the right time.

11 What does this account teach us about Jehovah, the God who always does what is right?

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, how did the Gibeonites show respect for God's Law?

11. What do we learn about Jehovah from this account?

12. How can we imitate the Gibeonites when we experience injustice?

July 2026

5

In 1940, Sister French was thrilled to be invited back to Bethel, where she served faithfully for over 50 years until the end of her earthly course. Like French, when we are treated unfairly, we do well to react in a reasonable manner and wait on Jehovah to correct matters in the proper time. - Isa. 26:3, 4.

Serve Jehovah Loyally

13 Some 500 years after King David's reign, the Bible again mentions the Gibeonites. Israel's 70-year exile in Babylon ended in 537 B.C.E. Two tribes of Jews returned to Jerusalem from exile in Babylon. The first tribe accompanied Governor Zerubbabel (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58). These were non-Israelite temple servants, many of whom were likely descendants of the Gibeonites.

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote. It is noteworthy that among the first exiles to return from exile were temple servants, for not all the Jews returned willingly. Many Jews may have worked and built luxurious homes in Babylon, so that some were reluctant to give up the comforts of life in Babylon in order to work in Jerusalem. Although the Gibeonites had no land in Israel, they willingly returned to serve at Jehovah's temple and to help rebuild Jerusalem's walls. - Neh. 3:26.

15 Despite this, Jehovah continued to bless the Gibeonites, who survived the destruction of Judah and Jerusalem in 607 B.C.E. Later, after returning from exile, they continued to support pure worship at the temple along with the Levites, some of whom likely built houses near the temple. (2 Ki. 11:21) And because of their service at the temple, the Persian king decreed that taxes should not be paid. - Ezra 7:24.

16 Like the Gibeonites, we want to do all we can to promote true worship.

13. Who were the Netinim, and what have they done since their return from exile in Babylon?

14. How did the Gibeonites continue to serve Jehovah loyally? (1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote)

15. What does the account of the Gibeonites teach us about Jehovah?

16. How can we imitate the Gibeonites in worshiping Jehovah?

6 What Does It Mean?

Alwin, a brother in the Philippines, had a well-paying job in a large oil company, but he wanted to expand his ministry. So whenever the circuit overseer visited his congregation, he asked for a leave of absence so that he could expand his ministry. He found a job that enabled him to start pioneering, and together they have helped 21 people to learn the truth. Clearly, Jehovah is pleased with this couple, and we can be confident that Jehovah appreciates any sacrifices we make in his service and will continue to provide for our material needs. - Matt. 6:33.

17 From Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites, we learn that he is reasonable, merciful, cheerful, loyal, and always rewards his loyal ones. We also learn many valuable lessons. We have learned to wait patiently for Jehovah, trusting that he will correct any injustice in his own time and that we will continue to be zealous in Jehovah's service faithfully.

17. What have you learned from the Bible account of the Gibeonites?

HOW would you respond?

□ How can we show humility and faith like the Gibeonites?

■ How can we imitate the Gibeonites when we are treated unfairly?

■ How can we continue to serve Jehovah loyally like the Gibeonites?

148 Jehovah Provides Salvation

September 14 to 20, 2026

SONG 41 Hear My Prayer, O God

WHEN we are depressed or discouraged, we can find comfort in meditating on the book of Isaiah.

A Message of Comfort From the Book of Isaiah

This is what Jehovah has said: . . . As one whom his mother keeps comforting, so I myself will keep comforting you". - ISA. 66:12, 13.

WHAT does a loving mother do when she feels that her baby is in pain, crying, or is anxious about moving away from home, or that he has done something wrong? She embraces him, hugs him, and kisses him.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah likens himself to a loving mother who comforts her child, saying: "As a mother keeps on comforting her child, so I will keep comforting you". (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah's love for us is even greater than that of any human parent.

(Isa. 40:1) Our loving Father inspired Isaiah to write the book of Isaiah to encourage the distressed nation of Judah, and we too need much comfort because we are living in difficult times. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let us consider a few passages from the book of Isaiah that can comfort and strengthen us in the following situations: (1) when life changes unexpectedly; (2) when we feel deep guilt over our sins.

1-2. How does Jehovah help us when we are depressed or discouraged?

3. What will we consider in this article?

8

or (3) grieving over the death of a loved one.

When Changes Happen

4 Unexpected events may occur in life. (Eccl. 9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) Unexpected health problems, economic downturns, or a change of assignment may cause anxiety or discouragement. When life changes unexpectedly, what assurances from Jehovah through Isaiah can strengthen us?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. Jehovah promises to guide those who are figuratively blind in a way that they do not know and to turn darkness into light for them. The words "blind man", "darkness", "darkness", "darkness", and "winding wall" are used to describe how we may feel when our life changes unexpectedly.

4. How might we feel about unexpected changes in our life?

5. What assurance does Jehovah give at Isaiah 42:16? (See also the picture.)

Jehovah will not abandon you even when your circumstances change unexpectedly (See paragraph 5)

I won't leave you where you don't know

(Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) He also uses fellow believers and others to help us. Even if we do not know what the future holds, we can be confident that Jehovah's loving care and understanding of our feelings will always support us. - Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 Joseph, quoted earlier, recalls Jehovah's loving care for him and his wife after they left Bethel: "We have seen Jehovah's support in changing our assignments, in providing for our material needs and in comforting us through our dear brothers, and he continues to do so". I will trust in my great God.* Yes, even when things don't turn out the way we expect, we know that Jehovah will help us.

WHEN we give thanks for our weaknesses

7 If we confess a serious sin to the elders, they can help us

* The lyrics are taken from the poem entitled "I Know Jehovah Is Near Me".

6. When life changes unexpectedly, of what can we be sure?

7. How do some feel about past sins?

(Prov. 28:13; Jas. 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) However, even after Jehovah has forgiven us, we may still feel guilty, and we may wonder, 'Has Jehovah truly forgiven me?' (2 Cor. 2:7) It may be difficult to forget the past and we may feel pain for a long time.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18, where Jehovah uses a metaphor to illustrate how completely he forgives our sins: "Even as scarlet, he will make them white just like snow".

9 Consider the example of King David, who committed adultery and murder, but whom Jehovah forgave and later described as one who walked before him with a clean heart. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Ki. 9:4, 5) Jehovah remembers David for his faithfulness, not for his mistakes.

10 See the footnote to Isaiah 38:17.

8-9. According to Isaiah 1:18, to what extent does Jehovah forgive?

10. What encouragement do we find at Isaiah 38:17?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

You have thrown all my sins behind your back.

Jehovah does not deal with us based on past sins (See paragraph 11)

The expression "You have thrown all my sins behind you" may also be rendered "You have put my sins out of your sight". This verse describes Jehovah as throwing the sins of a sinful person forever behind Him, so that His eyes cannot see or notice them. (Isa. 43:25) How comforting it is to know that if Jehovah, the Supreme Judge of the universe, does not keep track of our sins, we too should not dwell on them and stop judging ourselves.

Do not let the sins of the past corrupt your glorious spirit

(Isa. 57:16) What matters to Jehovah is, not what we did in the past, but what we are doing now and what we are striving to become. (Isa. 55:7) Clearly, Jehovah's love and forgiveness are immense!

11. Regardless of our past sins, what is important to Jehovah? (See also illustration.)

July 11, 2026

"Your dead will live.

The resurrection of our loved ones is a certainty (See paragraph 14)

not stop serving Jehovah if we miss out on future blessings.

When a Loved One Dies

12 When we lose a loved one in death, our grief can be overwhelming and long-lasting. At times, we wonder, 'Why did Jehovah allow our loved one to die?'

12. How do we sometimes feel when a loved one dies?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Imagine the time when death will be no more, and you will no longer grieve over the loss of a loved one. (Isa. 35:10) You will never see your loved one in the grave and feel pain, but you can look forward to seeing him again in perfect health. This is not a dream; it is a promise that will come true, for only God can make it come true. - Rev. 21:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Jehovah will not only abolish death but also bring back to life our dead loved ones.

13. What wonderful promise is found at Isaiah 25:8?

14. How do you feel about the resurrection hope? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also the picture.)

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Just as dew revives the seed, so Jehovah, the Source of life, can bring back to life our dead loved ones, and what a joy it is to bring them back to life! - Compare Mark 5:42.

15 The promise of the resurrection does not completely eliminate our grief, but it does comfort us to know that our loved ones who have died are in Jehovah's memory. This hope also comforted Michael, quoted earlier. He says: "Isaiah 26:19 helped me to understand that my parents are in Jehovah's memory and will continue to do so until the time comes for him to resurrect them. This gives us peace of mind.

16 Our consideration of a few passages from the book of Isaiah can comfort us when we are experiencing unexpected changes in our life, when we are feeling overwhelmed by guilt, or when we are grieving the loss of a loved one. How grateful we are that Jehovah provides comfort through his Word! (Ps. 94:19) When you are distressed, is there a specific scripture that has comforted you?

15. When a loved one dies, how does the resurrection hope help us?

16. What scripture do you find comforting when you face trials?

PAGE 9: A couple from Bethel attend a meeting in their new congregation and receive encouragement from fellow believers. Page 11: A brother overlooks his past sins and enjoys attending the Pioneer Service School.

HOW THE BIBLE CHANGES THEM . . . What is the meaning of life?

▪ What is Isaiah 42:16?

▪ What is Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

▪ What is Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

3 - Our Strength, Our Hope, and Our Hope

September 21 to 27, 2026

12 Jehovah, the Great God

INTRODUCTION In this article, we will see what it means to know Jehovah, why we should seek to know him better, and how we can do so.

How to Get to Know Jehovah Better

The God of thy father shall thou serve, and thou shalt serve him with a perfect heart. - 1 CHRONICLES 28:9.

HOW profound are the riches of God's wisdom and knowledge! How unsearchable his judgments and his ways are beyond tracing out! - Rom. 11:33, 34.

2 We cannot know everything about Jehovah, but we can know something about him. King David told his son Solomon: "Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart . . . if you search for him, he will let you find him". (1 Chron. 28:9) Later in the first century, the apostle John reminded fellow Christians that they could know the true God. (1 John 5:20) Jesus himself said that he could help others to know the Father better. - Matt. 11:27.

3 While all of us who have dedicated our lives to Jehovah have learned much, there is always more to learn about him. (John 17:3) For example, we will continue to learn about the wonderful things that Jehovah has done for us.

1. How do you feel about Jehovah's creation and the extent of his wisdom?

2. Why can we be sure that we can get to know Jehovah better?

3. What will we consider in this article?

14

Regardless of how long we have been serving Jehovah, all of us can benefit from the answers to these three questions: What does it mean to know Jehovah, why should we continue to know him, and how can we come to know him better?

WHY do we need to know Jehovah?

4 To the returning exiles, Jehovah promised: "I will give them a heart, that they may know me, that I am Jehovah". (Jer. 24:7) No doubt, those Jews already knew something about Jehovah, but to know him personally, they needed to have a deep affection for him, which included deep thoughts and feelings. For example, a person who reads a love story in a book may not know what love really is unless he is touched by it.

5 As we come to know Jehovah, we become more aware of what he loves and what he dislikes. Consider King Josiah, of whom we read: "In the eighth year of his reign, when he was yet a boy, he began to search for the God of David his forefather". (2 Chron. 34:3) Not only did Josiah learn about Jehovah but he also acted on what he learned.

6 Read Psalm 9:10. The more we come to know Jehovah, the more we trust in him, as did the apostle Paul, who, shortly before his death, could confidently say: "I am not ashamed, for I know in whom I have put my faith". (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul's knowledge and experience strengthened his trust in God.

WHY do we need to know Jehovah?

7 When we first began to serve Jehovah, we may have worked hard to learn more about him, but as time passes, our enthusiasm for him may diminish. When we read the Bible privately or at meetings, we often meditate on how we can apply it to ourselves or to others, for the Scriptures encourage us to do so. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) But there is something even more important that we need to do. So when we read the Bible, we need to ask ourselves:

4. What does knowing Jehovah involve?

5. What can we learn about Jehovah from King Josiah?

6. According to Psalm 9:10, how will knowing Jehovah benefit us?

7. What can happen if we have been serving Jehovah for years?

July 15, 2026

What does this teach me about Jehovah God?

8 As we learn more about Jehovah, we draw closer to him. For example, when we read the Bible, watch a television program, or attend an assembly, how do we feel about Jehovah? As he meditated on Jehovah's care for him, he said: "God will be the rock of my heart and my share to time indefinite". (Read Psalm 73:24-28.)

9 The Bible encourages us to take notice of Jehovah in all our ways. (Prov. 3:5, 6) This means that we need to meditate on what we learn about him and how he feels about our conduct, so that we can make wise decisions.

* See the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures - With References, question 20.

8. How will knowing Jehovah benefit us? (Psalm 73:24-28)

9. Give an example of how we can benefit from taking notice of Jehovah in all our ways.

This will help us to make decisions that please him. - Ps. 19:13, 14.

10 We are made in Jehovah's image, so we are able to reflect his qualities. (Gen. 1:26) The more we learn about Jehovah's qualities, the easier it will be for us to imitate them. Jesus condemned the scribes and Pharisees for failing to reflect God's qualities. Rather, we will endeavor to meditate on the laws and principles found in the Bible so that we can discern what they teach us about Jehovah and thus help us to reflect qualities worthy of Jehovah. - 1 John 4:8, 11.

How Can We Be More Pleasing to Jehovah?

11 When you first learned about Jehovah, you may have been raised by Jehovah's dedicated parents, who may have told you Bible stories that helped you to see the personality of God and his handiwork, or you may have studied the Bible with one of Jehovah's Witnesses, who may have used the brochure Enjoy Life Forever to help you meditate on Bible accounts and to show you how to discern Jehovah's endearing qualities in his creation.* (Neh. 8:8; Acts 14:17) Let us consider how.

* See the book Enjoy Life Forever! pages 7, lessons 5-7.

10. How will learning about Jehovah's qualities benefit us?

11. Who first taught you about Jehovah?

16 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Meditate on Jehovah's creation to increase your knowledge of him (See paragraph 15)

continue to learn about Jehovah.

12 The first thing you can do to learn more about Jehovah is to study his Word, the Bible. At times, the Bible refers directly to God's qualities.

13 To illustrate: Imagine that you are reading Jeremiah 38:6-13, and you see that it refers to Ebed-melech, the Ethiopian who rescued the prophet Jeremiah. No doubt, you can immediately see ways in which you can imitate Ebed-melech's love, self-sacrificing spirit, and courage. Each time you read a portion of the Bible that highlights God's qualities, praise and thank him for it.

14 A second way to learn more about Jehovah is to meditate on his handiwork. (Ps. 145:9, 10) This involves more than merely observing Jehovah's creative works. In fact, some people spend much of their time studying the natural world but fail to discern the existence of God and the existence of creation!

12-13. What can you learn about Jehovah from reading the Bible? Give an example. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also opening image.)

14. Why should we meditate on creation?

JULY 2026 the 17th

(Rom. 1:20) One translation of this verse says that a person who meditates carefully is able to discern God's qualities.

15 Is it possible for some of our brothers and sisters who live in urban areas where natural resources are scarce to learn about Jehovah's creative works? Yes, it is possible. Consider the example of Patrick, who lives in Brazzaville, Congo. She says: "When I realized that Jehovah is a loving God who cares about even the smallest of his creatures, I became more confident that he cares about me and will always give me what I need".

16 A third way you can come to know Jehovah better is by meditating on what he has done for you. Jesus' mother, Mary, did just that.

15. (a) How did Patrick come to know Jehovah better, and (b) how can you imitate his example? (see also the picture.)

16. What helped Jesus' mother, Mary, to come to know Jehovah better, and how can we imitate her? (See also the picture.)

Meditating on Jehovah's blessings helps you to know him better (See paragraph 16)

18 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Luke 1:46-55) Mary appreciated God's help, and we appreciate it when he helps us in times of need. (Heb. 4:16) So each time you have experienced God's help, ask yourself: 'What does this teach me about Jehovah?

We will learn more about Jehovah every day

17 Think of all that we will learn about Jehovah in the new world, when new scrolls will be opened that will reveal Jehovah's requirements for us. (Rev. 20:12) We will enjoy Jehovah's creative works more fully and thus come to know him better. (Isa. 11:6-9) And when we experience things we have never seen before, such as the resurrection of our loved ones and our gradual attainment of perfection, we will be moved to express our love for our Father in special ways.

(Ps. 90:2; 147:5) It is impossible for us to comprehend all of God's works from beginning to end. (Eccl. 3:11) So no matter how long we have been serving Jehovah, let us take advantage of the opportunity to continue learning more about our loving Father, Jehovah.

17-18. Why can we never stop learning about Jehovah?

PAGE 18: A discouraged brother reflects on how Jehovah helped him to accomplish his assignment at the midweek meeting.

HOW would you answer?

■ What does it mean to know Jehovah?

■ Why should we keep getting to know Jehovah?

■ How can we get to know Jehovah better?

28 Become Jehovah's Friend

September 28 to October 4, 2026

What is the meaning of song 79?

We Teach Them to Stand Firm

The FIRST

In this article, we will learn how we can help our Bible students to come to know Jehovah, to appreciate his qualities, and to discern what he likes and dislikes.

Help Others to Know Jehovah

Now this is eternal life: that they may know you, the only true God.

WHEN you see a Bible student come to the meetings, begin to participate, share what he has learned, and eventually dedicate himself to Jehovah to do his will, how do you feel?

2 God's will is that all sorts of people be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of the truth. (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know him, not only about his wonderful works but also about the wonderful things he will yet do. (Jer. 9:24) This requires accurate knowledge. This opens the way to everlasting life. - John 17:3.

3 In this article, we will consider the following questions: Why is it important for Bible students to get to know Jehovah, how can we teach them, and how can we help them to do so?

1. How do you feel when a Bible student begins to serve Jehovah?

2. What is Jehovah's will for Bible students? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this article?

20

applied in their lives?

Help Your Children to Become Acquainted With Jehovah God

4 Jesus said that the greatest commandment is to love Jehovah with our whole heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) We want a Bible student to be baptized because he truly loves Jehovah, not because he wants to please us, be friends with other Witnesses, or like some Bible teaching.

5 As a Bible student grows in love for Jehovah, he will be moved to obey him. Jesus made it clear that a person who loves God will obey him when he said: "In order for the world to know that I love the Father, just as the Father has commanded me, so I do". (John 14:31) Similarly, a Bible student who deeply loves Jehovah will want to be completely obedient to him. - 1 John 5:3.

6 By way of illustration, a student of the Bible who has a deep knowledge of Jehovah often makes good decisions. For example, a pilot who wants to become an airline pilot not only needs to learn flight instructions or pass an airline test, but he also needs to spend some time with experienced pilots and learn how to fly in different weather conditions. This will help him to see the value of Bible principles, to get to know Jehovah better, and to make wise decisions in any situation.

7 Joseph's intimate knowledge of Jehovah helped him when Potiphar's wife tried to seduce him. When Joseph was young, he no doubt heard stories about Adam and Eve, as well as about Abraham and Sarah. (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) Such accounts must have helped Joseph to see Jehovah's view of marriage and sex. As we help our Bible students to come to know Jehovah better, we can help them to make decisions that please him.

TEACH THE BIBLE CHILDREN Get to know who Jehovah God is

8 How can you help your Bible student to appreciate Jehovah's personality?

4. What should be our goal when teaching Bible students (Mark 12:30)?

5. What will love for Jehovah move your Bible student to do?

6. Give an example of how a Bible student can benefit when he gets to know Jehovah.

7. How did accurate knowledge of Jehovah help Joseph to make good decisions?

8. How can you use the book Enjoy Life Forever! to help your student come to know Jehovah as a Person?

July 21, 2026

Questions That Incite the Student to Think

The book Enjoy Life Forever! has a series of questions designed to help students learn more about Jehovah, including the following:

How does Jehovah feel about those who distort the good news? (study 21)

What do you learn about Jehovah and Jesus that convinces you that human governments and their supporters will rightly be destroyed [at Armageddon]? (study 33)

Why do you answer that, and how does Jehovah feel when we act wisely and obey him?

How do you think Jehovah will feel if we marry someone who does not love him?

What does this teach us about Jehovah's forgiveness?

How does Jehovah's dealings with sinners show that he is a loving, reasonable, and merciful God? (study 57)

The questions in the Enjoy Life Forever book are designed to help students learn more about Jehovah's qualities. (See the box "Reflective Questions".) So use such questions to help your student come to appreciate Jehovah as a real person.

9 When we conduct Bible studies with others, we encourage them to read the Bible daily.* How can we help them to benefit from Bible reading? Each time they read a portion of the Bible, we can encourage them to meditate on why Jehovah had that portion recorded in his Word and to see Jehovah's qualities in it.

10 We want our Bible students to see how each Bible account reveals what is pleasing to Jehovah and what is not pleasing to him.

* In lesson 5 of the book Enjoy Life Forever!, students are encouraged to: Use the Schedule to help you to read the Bible regularly.

9-10. (a) What can help a student to benefit more fully from Bible reading? (James 5:11) (b) Illustrate how a Bible account can help a student to discern what is pleasing to Jehovah and what is not.

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Help your student to remember Jehovah's Word when he has difficulty understanding a portion of the Bible (See paragraphs 12-13)

(Dan. 6:10, 22) The student might also ask: 'What happened to Daniel's men, and what did Jehovah disapprove of in this account?' (Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) Finally, the student can meditate on other qualities of Jehovah that he sees in the account. - Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 We rejoice when we see that a Bible student is benefiting from what he is learning, but what is more important is that we help him to see that what he is learning comes from Jehovah, the Grand Instructor. (Isa. 30:20, 21) While the student may thank us for the study or praise us for our teaching methods, we need to remind him that all the praise goes to Jehovah.

Help your child to face his or her fears

12 To benefit from accurate knowledge, we must apply what we learn. So how can you help your student to apply what he learns? First, teach him to remember what he knows about Jehovah when he reads a portion of the Bible that is difficult for him to understand.

13 Encourage the learner to reflect on what he has just learned about Jehovah.

11. How can we help a Bible student to see that what he is learning comes from Jehovah?

12-13. How will an intimate knowledge of Jehovah help a student if he does not understand a Bible account? (See also the picture.)

July 23, 2026

For example, how does Jehovah feel about humans? (2 Pet. 3:9) What great provision did Jehovah make to save us from our sinful condition? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Does that mean that he does not punish those whom he deserves? (Ex. 34:6, 7) At times, the Bible does not give us all the details of a particular case so that we do not fully understand why Jehovah made a certain decision, and we do not need to know all the details.

14 Another way you can help your Bible student to apply what he learns about Jehovah is by encouraging him to think about Jehovah's view of his brothers and sisters. (John 3:16) How important is our unity to Jehovah? (Ps. 133:1) How does Jehovah feel when we strive to maintain peace with our brothers and sisters? (Prov. 13:11) Help your student to see that Jehovah is pleased when we focus on the good, not the bad, of our brothers.

15 Finally, help your student to see how he can apply what he learns about Jehovah when faced with an important decision. You may be able to help him with the lesson "How to Make Good Decisions" in chapter 35 of the book Enjoy Life Forever! He said: "I always do the things pleasing to [my Father]". (Read John 8:29.) Ask the student to ask himself, "Based on my research and what I have learned about Jehovah, what decision can I make that will please him?"

14. How can you help a student who finds it difficult to love a fellow believer?

Help your student to learn how to please Jehovah (See paragraphs 15-16)

15-16. (a) How can a Bible student imitate Jesus when making important decisions? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help her student to make the right decision? (See also the picture.)

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

16 A Bible student in Chile had to make an important decision. Her family urged her to accept a job that would allow her to earn more money but would limit her attendance at the meetings. Marianne, who was studying the Bible with her, relates: "I encouraged her to think about how her choice would affect Jehovah's feelings, whether it would please him or hurt him, and to pray earnestly about the matter and see how Jehovah would answer her prayers. She did not accept the offer, and she soon found another job that allowed her to attend all the meetings. Note that Marianne did not make the student's decision but helped her to think about what she had learned about Jehovah. This drew her closer to Marianne and, most important, deepened her love for Jehovah.* Marianne adds: "She came to see that when we put Jehovah's service first, he cares for us".

JEHOVAH will bless you as you strive to do his will

17 When we study the Bible with others, we help them to understand the true condition of the dead, why Jesus died for us, what the Kingdom will do, how Jehovah's organization works, how the elders are organized, and what the Governing Body does.

(Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, all who have come to know Jehovah, the One who is true, will have the prospect of enjoying everlasting life. (1 John 5:20) Moreover, the Bible teaches that Jehovah God is pleased with all who earnestly seek to know and love him. (1 Cor. 8:3) Yes, we are recognized by Almighty God as his friends. What a blessing it is to have come to know the only true God!

17. In addition to teaching Bible truths, what is our primary concern?

18. What blessings do those who come to know Jehovah enjoy now, and what do they look forward to?

PAGE 24 - Marianne's Bible student decides not to take a job.

HOW would you respond?

■ Why should a Bible student come to know Jehovah intimately?

■ How can we help a Bible student to come to know who Jehovah really is?

■ How can we help a Bible student to act on what he has learned about Jehovah?

CHURCH 84 We Have More to Do

LIFE STORY How did you get there?

I Let Jehovah Mould Me

HOW KEN KIUCHI was born

I WILL never forget the day I first began working at the printing plant at Brooklyn Bethel, New York, U.S.A. As soon as I stepped foot in the press, I was struck by the sound of the presses, which were constantly running.

And I saw in those days, and I was astonished, and behold, the young men and the young women were at the work, and rejoiced in their work, and had no shame in their heart; and I showed them an example of the humility of God.

Over the years, Jehovah has gradually molded me so that I can serve him better, but let me tell you about my search for the truth as a Buddhist.

I Saw God in My Heart

I was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A., the eldest of four children of Japanese immigrants who wanted to make a better life for their children by getting the best education and a better life.

My parents were devout Buddhists. My grandparents and two uncles were Buddhist monks, so I was heavily influenced by Buddhism during my childhood.

I remember that when I was about seven years old, I was staring at an idol in the sky and wondering: 'What will become of me after I die?' Buddhism taught us that there is life after death.

By the time I was about 15 years old, my Buddhist traditions were no longer meaningful to me, and I was searching for something in life that I had not yet found (Matt. 5:3).

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

I was trying to find out about the existence of the living, almighty God, and I thought that maybe the Bible would help me, so I read the King James Version of the Bible, which I had stumbled upon at a Buddhist festival.

One day, when I was 17 years old, I was walking with my dog, and Wilson Bashou approached me and asked: "Do you know what God promises for the future?" That question led to a serious discussion of the Bible. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 and then asked: "What do the many waters that the harlot carries represent?" That little blue book changed my life.

I remember the warm welcome I received ten days after attending my first meeting at the Kingdom Hall. I enjoyed attending and studying the Bible with him - sometimes for up to eight hours!

I WANT to go to college

I was studying to become a doctor at a prestigious university when I was baptized, and my parents made great sacrifices so that I could pursue higher education, but I wanted to give my best to Jehovah by serving him full-time.

I was confused and depressed. I loved my parents so much that I didn't want to hurt them. So many times at night I would lie on the bench and pray earnestly to Jehovah: "Please, Jehovah, help me to make the right decision". Finally, I decided to stop attending the university. My father expelled me this year. So I called Wilson and told him what was happening. I feel that I made the right decision.

I felt like a bird released from the snow, so in 1984 I started pioneering.

One afternoon, to my brother's disappointment, I almost missed the field service, but I did. After spending a few hours in the ministry, I decided to preach to a group of people in an upper room. I was alone in the desert, exhausted, and struggling to make ends meet. I said in my heart: "I will show no consideration for him".

With Wilson Bashou, who taught me Bible truths

JULY 2026 is the 27th day of the year.

Guiding a tour of the Brooklyn Printing House

With Michiko Oda and her husband

I began to study the Bible with her, and she soon became a servant of Jehovah.

How Jehovah Changed My Life at Brooklyn Bethel

In 1985, after two years with Wilson, I was invited to serve at Brooklyn Bethel. As I mentioned earlier, I was assigned to work in the printer's office. On one occasion, while working on a typewriter, I made a mistake that damaged hundreds of pages.

One day, sitting in a crowded dining room while the kitchen workers were busy serving the food, I and other young men at the table complained openly that the food was not being distributed in a hurry. Brother Henschel stood quietly at the table, helping the delegates to pass out cups, bags, and boots. I will never forget that example of humility. It reminded me of Jesus' ministry to his apostles. - John 13:3-5.

You can go to Japan!

When I visited Japan in 1987, I was impressed by the humility and zeal of the brothers there, and I wanted to help them, but I could not speak Japanese.

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

In 1989, I attended my first Japanese-language convention in Los Angeles, California, where I met and fell in love with a pioneer sister named Miwako Onami.

Miwako and I were married in 1992, and we have had the privilege of serving together at Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako's thoughtfulness, concern, and willingness to help have helped me to improve my attitude toward others.

WORKING in a Japanese missionary workplace, now in prison

In time, both my aunt and my father-in-law became seriously ill, so we were kindly sent to the Japan branch office to care for them.

The hospitality and generosity of the Japanese brothers and sisters, as well as their hard-working spirit and ability to work together as a team, helped me to become a better person. Japanese culture encourages cooperation rather than isolation. Their fine example encouraged me to work humbly with others and to appreciate my small part in Jehovah's overall purpose.

However, because of my background, I sometimes did not understand why things were done in a certain way. I had to learn to be patient and to be reasonable.

Our wedding day

By following the direction he gives us through his organization, we will succeed.

I often compare the way Jehovah molded me at Bethel with the way he molded the prophet Moses during his 40 years as a shepherd. Like Moses, I had a modest education that made me proud and self-confident, but serving at Bethel taught me to rely on Jehovah, who has been patient with Moses and shaped me over the years.

We cared for Miwako's parents for nearly 24 years until her death, including numerous phone calls, visits to hospitals, and emotional distress. Miwako's mother, Masako, was unable to walk, had difficulty attending Christian meetings, and was confined to a wheelchair for the last few weeks of her life.

July 29, 2026

I was impressed by Masako's zeal, calmness, and joy in spite of circumstances, and I wanted to follow her example.

After more than 30 years at Bethel, we now serve as special pioneers in Okinawa, where we have the privilege of witnessing to relatives in a nearby military camp. The fine training we received at Bethel made it easier for us to adjust to our new assignment. Mi-wako and I thank Jehovah every day for this wonderful assignment.

I Wanted Jehovah to Help Me

Jesus promised that those who leave their families to become his disciples will receive a hundredfold reward from Jehovah, namely, a large family. (Mark 10:29, 30) This has proved to be true for me.

Every time I see that blue book, I am reminded of the love that Jehovah has shown me to find the truth! (1 Chron. 28:9) I am determined to continue allowing him to mold me and help others to learn the truth that leads to everlasting life.

While serving at the Japan branch

With Miwako in Okinawa, playing the harp

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Make Peace With Your Brother Immediately!

WHEN a brother or sister hurts you so badly that your friendship with him or her breaks up, you need to (1) act quickly and (2) act with good motives.*

For example, if a woman's leg is cut off, it is not painful to cut it off. But if she does not cut it off, her pain will be even worse.

(Matt. 5:25) Therefore, approach your friend frankly and resolve the matter. Why? Consider two reasons.

First: You may be tempted to overlook the problem because it is difficult for you to approach the other person.* Two Christian women, Euodia and Syntyche, may not have been able to resolve their disagreement because the apostle Paul, who lived in Rome, heard about it and urged them to make peace. (Phil. 4:2) By humbly discussing the matter openly and by forgiving one another, they maintained their friendship.

For example, a doctor may be more concerned with how quickly a person recovers than with the facts of the case. Similarly, a couple may be more concerned with how the other person feels about the situation, rather than how the other person feels about the situation.

So if you have a problem with a brother, try to talk to him today and try to restore that friendship. Do not listen to your anger. (Eph. 4:26) By taking these steps quickly, you will preserve the bond of peace that binds us together. - Eph. 4:1-3.

(Matt. 5:23, 24) In more serious cases, we may need to seek the help of the elders. (Matt. 18:17) However, before seeking the help of the elders, a Christian should first apply the counsel found at Matthew 18:15, 16. * If you have been hurt by something that does not affect your friendship, you may want to overlook it. - Prov. 26:20.

July 31, 2026

What does the Bible teach us about Jehovah's Kingdom?

July 2026 . Vol. 147, No. 7 EWE

In this article

Study articles for September 7-13

Imitate the Gibeonites

Study articles for September 14-20

A Message of Comfort From the Book of Isaiah

Study articles for September 21 to 27

How to Get to Know Jehovah Better

Study articles for September 28 to October 4

Help Others to Know Jehovah

What is the Bible's answer?

I Let Jehovah Mould Me

Make Peace With Your Brother Immediately! 31

The Other Side

How to Make Your Answers Upbuilding

At our congregation meetings, we have the opportunity to encourage one another by our comments. (Heb. 10:24, 25) How can you make your comments upbuilding?

• Pray to Jehovah, asking him to help you give comments that honor him and encourage others. - Ps. 35:18.

• Try to answer in your own words rather than quoting from the book. If you answer in your own words, your faith will be a source of encouragement to others.

• Keep your comments short, encouraging and opening the way for others to comment. - Prov. 10:19.

• Use your comments with a positive attitude, not to criticize or criticize others in the congregation or others.

Even if you are not allowed to comment, you can encourage others by listening carefully to their comments, and by commending them for their comments. - Prov. 10:21.

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures - With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the jw.org website, or scan this link on your device

JW.ORG® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

w26.07-E