June 2026

The Watchtower magazine is now available in English.

This article is part of a series of articles that will help you learn more about Jehovah's Witnesses.

August 10 to 16, 2026

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Stand Firm, Unmoved by God!

The FIRST

This article will strengthen our confidence that we can remain loyal to Jehovah no matter what tests of faith we face.

Remaining Faithful Under Trials

"Lord, whom shall we go to? You have the words of eternal life.

JESUS was teaching a crowd in Capernaum, and he said to them: "Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you. Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has everlasting life, and I will raise him up at the last day".

2 Did Jesus' words come as a shock to many of his disciples, causing them to lose faith in him? No, for many of his disciples were so impressed by what he had done earlier that they began to say: "This is truly the Prophet that was to come into the world". (John 6:14) It was clear that these disciples had faith in Jesus to a certain extent.

3 When Jesus asked the apostles if they too wanted to leave, Peter replied: "Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the sayings of everlasting life. We have come to believe and have come to know that you are the Holy One of God". (John 6:68, 69) Note that Peter did not say that he and the other apostles fully understood what Jesus meant when he said that they were to eat his literal flesh and drink his literal blood.

What happened one day while Jesus was teaching in Capernaum?

3. (a) How did Jesus' apostles respond, and why? (b) How did Jesus' apostles respond?

2

Peter and the other apostles remained loyal to Jesus even though many left him (See paragraph 3)

Why not? Because they believed that Jesus was the Christ.

4 Our loyalty to Jehovah can be put to the test in a number of ways, such as when our understanding of the Scriptures is adjusted or when the way we preach is improved, when you are faced with a difficult situation and find it hard to understand why Jehovah allows such things to happen, when you are hurt by a fellow believer, or when you are treated unfairly by someone you respect in the congregation.

5 Faith that is based on a solid foundation can be illustrated in this way: In earthquake-prone areas, builders make sure that the foundation of a building is strong enough to withstand an earthquake. Similarly, we need to have strong faith in order to stand firm in the face of trials, such as those discussed in the preceding paragraph.* Likewise, it is vital to build our faith on a solid foundation so that we can endure tests of integrity to Jehovah. - 1 Cor. 15:58; read Colossians 1:23.

6 The apostles were convinced that Jehovah, the Creator of all things, deserved to be worshiped, and that Jesus was the Son of God, the One who had the words of everlasting life.

4. What may test our faith?

5. Illustrate why we should build our faith on a solid foundation. (Colossians 1:23)

6. What helped the apostles to stay close to Jesus?

June 3, 2026

(1) Jehovah is the Creator of all things. (2) Jehovah inspired men to write the Bible. (3) Jehovah God is being used by Jehovah's Witnesses today.

JEHOVAH is the Creator of all things

7 Read Revelation 4:11. These facts convince us that Jehovah is the Creator of all things, that he is worthy of our worship, and that he has the power to rescue us from all calamity. Otherwise, we might begin to question his ability to save us in difficult times. - Heb. 11:6.

8 If you have doubts about Jehovah's existence, you need to act quickly. Do thorough research in our publications to find evidence that Jehovah is the Creator. You can find more faith-strengthening evidence in the brochures Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life - Five Questions Worth Asking. You can find more evidence in the series of books and videos entitled Was It Designed? available on jw.org. A young sister named Jessica, who lives in the United States, says: "After doing research in our publications, I came to believe that there is an intelligent Creator.

7. (a) What assurance is found at Revelation 4:11? (b) What can happen when our faith is tested?

8-9. What can you do if you doubt that Jehovah is the Creator? (See also the picture.)

You may have read the evidence in our literature, but why not read it again?

(See also paragraph 8)

Yamenutome (Nebula): IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; fish and oysters: Mercedes-Benz USA; airplane: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida The following is an excerpt from the video.

In fact, many have benefited greatly from studying chapters 6 and 7 of the book Enjoy Life Forever! If you have already done so, why not do it again?

9 In your personal study, you can look for evidence that God exists. This will not only convince you that Jehovah exists but will also help you to learn more about his endearing qualities. (Rom. 1:20) You can also use your knowledge to help those who doubt God's existence.

JEHOVAH'S WORD was inspired by men who wrote the Bible

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. The Bible is Jehovah's message to humankind. It provides satisfying answers to life's most pressing questions and reveals Jehovah's will and requirements for us.

11 There are many reasons why we can be sure that Jehovah inspired the Bible: For example, the Bible is accurate in what it says about history (Luke 3:1, 2) and it is accurate in what it says about the origin of the earth and its inhabitants (Job 26:7).

(Prov. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) Moreover, the fulfillment of Bible prophecies confirms that we can rely on God's inspired Word, the Bible. (Josh. 23:14) Clearly, the Bible was inspired by God!

12 If you have doubts about the Bible's authenticity, pray to Jehovah about your feelings and do your own research. For example, Jordan, a young man who was raised as a Witness, admits: "I don't just believe everything I hear. And when I am confused about something or have questions, I try to do some research. By continuing to work on the evidence that the Bible was inspired by God, we will be strengthened and strengthened in our faith. - 1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

Jehovah's Witnesses Serve God Today

13 If you find it hard to believe that Jehovah's Witnesses are the organization I am using

10. Why is the Bible important to us? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. What convinces you that God inspired the writers of the Bible?

12. What should you do if you have doubts about the Bible's authenticity?

13. What if you are not convinced that Jehovah's Witnesses are the only organization that uses Jehovah God today?

JUNE 2026 is the fifth month of the year.

Jehovah is responsible for the love and unity of his people worldwide (See paragraph 16)

To do so, ask yourself: 'Who are those who are striving to live by Bible standards? What organization bases all its teachings on the Bible?' (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) Who are those who are doing Jehovah's will today? - Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 To identify those who are doing God's will today, ask yourself: 'Who are carrying out the preaching work that Jesus foretold would take place during the last days?' (Matt. 24:14) The answer is clear: Jehovah God is using his people, his Witnesses, to carry out this preaching work, and we alone are preaching the good news of God's Kingdom in more than 240 lands.

14. What evidence is there that Jehovah's Witnesses are fulfilling the prophecy recorded at Matthew 24:14?

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:10. Most people today do not know that God's name is Jehovah, but as Jehovah's Witnesses, we are privileged to be called by that name and to make it known.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. In contrast with a divided and hated world, Jehovah's people are united by love for one another.

15. How are Jehovah's Witnesses sanctifying God's name today? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Why can it be said that Jehovah's Witnesses are fulfilling the command recorded at John 13:34, 35? (See also the picture.)

6 What Does It Mean?

Doing so will help you to maintain your integrity when faced with tests of faith.

Never Give Up on Jehovah

17 We live in "critical times hard to deal with". (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) We may face difficult situations that cause us anxiety, such as changes or directions from Jehovah's organization that we do not fully understand, or the actions of a fellow believer that we do not fully understand.

18 Despite these challenges, we can maintain our integrity to Jehovah by being convinced that he is the Creator, that he inspired the Bible, and that his people today are his Witnesses. Then, like Peter, we can confidently say to Jehovah: "To whom shall we go?

COVER SUBJECT PAGE 6: On a bus, a mother and her son are excited to see a group of Witnesses engaged in public witnessing.

17-18. What challenges may we face, but of what can we be confident?

How will the truth help us when it comes to our faith?

■ Jehovah is the Creator

■ Men who wrote the Bible were inspired by God's holy spirit

■ Jehovah is with his people today

The Song of Solomon 123

Loyally Subject to Theocratic Arrangements

August 17 to 23, 2026

COVER SUBJECT We Admonish One Another

THIS article will help us to see how we can maintain lasting friendships.

How to Build Strong Friendships With Your Brothers and Sisters

Clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience.

NOTE the opening words of the psalm entitled "True Friendships" - what a blessing it is to find true friends among Jehovah's people! (Ps. 119:63) We are part of a large family of Jehovah's servants who love one another deeply.

2 As Jehovah's servants, we love Jehovah and Jesus, and that love unites us. (John 13:35) Friendships do not come about by chance; they require effort.

3 Of course, some of us are closer to others than we are to ourselves. We may have similar interests, thoughts, and actions, but we may not be as close to others as we are to our brothers and sisters. In this article, we will learn how Jesus' example can help us to maintain friendships that can be challenged by serious illness or depression.

1. Where can we find true friends?

2. How should we treat fellow Christians?

3. What factors can make it difficult to draw close to our brothers and sisters?

8

But first, let us focus on the Christian qualities that will help us to maintain a lasting friendship.

CHRISTIAN FRIENDSHIP - What it means to be a good friend

The apostle Paul longed to be among his brothers, and he told the Thessalonians: "We are doing our utmost to see your faces". (1 Thess. 2:17) Many have found that face-to-face communication strengthens the bond of brotherhood. Of course, when disagreements arise, we need to do more than share in the ministry and attend Christian meetings.

5 Christian qualities help us to resolve differences and maintain friendships. (Read Colossians 3:12) If we are humble, long-suffering, kind, and kind, it will be easier to resolve differences and maintain friendships. In each case, we will see how Jesus' example of humility, patience, kindness, and compassion can help us to maintain true friendship with one another.

When Disagreements Arise

6 Why might this be a challenge? When two people disagree on what they think is the right thing to do, or when two brothers agree on the right thing to do in the field ministry, a small issue can become a big issue that threatens their friendship, and pride can cause each of them to put the other's interests ahead of their own. If the issue is not resolved, anger can build up, and it can lead to a breakdown of friendship over a minor incident.

7 Follow Jesus' example of humility. Jesus taught his disciples a valuable lesson that would help them to avoid conflicts. After a long dispute over who was the greatest among them, Jesus helped them to adjust their thinking by teaching them to view others as superior to them. (Matt. 20:25-28) Thus, on the night before his death, Jesus taught them another lesson in humility.

4. What factors can strengthen our friendship with our brothers?

5. What will help us to remain friends even when disagreements arise? (Colossians 3:12)

6. What can happen when two people have differing views on a matter?

7. How did Jesus teach his followers the need to be humble in resolving differences?

June 2026

9

Humility can help you to overlook minor mistakes and to forgive freely

(See also paragraph 8)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) In this illustration, Jesus teaches his disciples how to remain close friends, that is, how to accept their differences and how to maintain friendship.

(Read Colossians 3:13.) If you are humble, you will not get upset when you disagree with someone, and you will be able to maintain a good friendship. (Ps. 4:4) Even when the other person says something that hurts you, remember that we all say things that hurt us later. (Eccl. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself: 'Do I hold on to something that is more important than our friendship?

(Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Take your friendship more seriously. Many have done this and have maintained friendships by approaching and discussing the matter calmly. (Ps. 34:14) You too can approach your brother and say: "I'm sorry, but I don't want to talk about what happened. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember, the important thing is not who is right or wrong, but who is right and who is wrong. - Prov. 18:24.

8. How can humility help you to maintain a close relationship even when you have differing views? (Colossians 3:13) (See also the pictures.)

9. How can humility help you when you have a disagreement with a fellow believer? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

If you're going to pay the mortgage, you're going to have to pay the mortgage.

10 Why might this be challenging? We may find it difficult to draw close to fellow believers of different personalities, such as those with whom we feel comfortable but who are reluctant to associate with us. We may find it difficult to deal with situations that we do not like, such as past mistreatment, the environment in which we grew up, or the environment in which we are raised.

11 Follow Jesus' example of patience. Jesus maintained friendship with those who were different from him, such as the apostles James and John, who humbly asked for special positions in the Kingdom. (Mark 10:35-37) Jesus, on the other hand, renounced his privileged position and came to earth. (Phil. 2:5-8) How different Jesus was from James and John!

12 Jesus did not expect that his friends would always do what was right. (Mark 9:34) Since Jesus and his disciples grew up in the same area, he knew that not only James and John but also the rest of the apostles were seeking prominence.

10. Why may it be difficult to make friends with some in the congregation?

11. What helped Jesus to maintain friendship with people from different backgrounds?

12. What helped Jesus to be patient with his friends?

Knowing the religious ambitions of the people of that time, Jesus patiently gave them time to repent of their prideful desires.

(Prov. 14:29) After all, we all have our own personality traits, and we appreciate it when others are patient with us. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) We too need to show love for those whose personality traits are different from ours. Similarly, we need to be patient with those who are talkative and sociable, and while we may be closer to some than to others, we need to remember that even people with different personalities can become close friends.

14 If we are patient, we will be able to look for the good in our brothers and sisters. If we focus on the good, we will be able to overcome differences in personality and become friends with one another.

13. How can patience help us to maintain friendships? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. What will patience and long-suffering help us to see in others?

June 11, 2026

True friends are comforting, kind, and generous

(See also paragraph 19)

Similarly, when we look for the good in our friends, we imitate Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 Another important step is to pray to Jehovah for help to maintain friendship with those whose personalities differ from ours. Think ahead of situations that could cause conflict and pray to Jehovah for help to deal with them calmly. And if you find it difficult to be patient, ask Jehovah to give you his holy spirit to help you exercise self-control. - Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.

WHEN our brothers and sisters are in difficult circumstances

16 Why can this be a challenge?

15. What will help us to maintain good relations with people of different personalities?

16. What may happen if a fellow believer is in a difficult situation?

(Job 6:2, 3) If a brother or sister is experiencing a situation that you do not know about, do not be quick to blame him or her for failing to act as you would have expected.

17 Imitate Jesus' kindness and compassion - his compassion for those who were distressed, even those whom he had never met. Consider the way he dealt with the blind man Bartimaeus, who heard Jesus pass by and begged to be silenced. Jesus was moved with pity for him.

17. What do you learn from Jesus' dealings with Bartimaeus?

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus spoke kindly to Bartimaeus, commended him for his faith, and miraculously restored his sight.

(Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember, a true friend is always there for you, especially in times of distress. (Prov. 17:17) Such a friend not only feels for those who are suffering, but he does his best to comfort them, encourage them, and help them in various ways.

(Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) Listen with empathy and empathy as your friend expresses his or her feelings.

(Prov. 12:25) Be careful not to give the impression that you know everything about the situation. (Prov. 18:13) Be patient, and do not expect perfection. - Eph. 4:32.

20 We all cherish our friendship with our brothers and sisters. However, since we are imperfect and have been through many hardships in life, we sometimes say or do things that hurt others, and we appreciate it when our brothers and sisters treat us with humility, patience, kindness, and kindness with a view to maintaining our friendship.

20. What kind of friend do you want?

18. How should you treat your friends who are experiencing trials? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. In what ways can we show kindness and compassion? (See also the pictures.)

COVER: An elderly brother and a younger brother have differing views on how to share the territory of their congregation.

HOW YOU CAN BE FRIENDS with your Christian brothers and sisters . . .

■ when you disagree on a matter?

■ if you have different personalities?

■ when faced with difficult circumstances?

SONG 124 We Will Remain Faithful

August 24 to 30, 2026

CALL 65 Move On to the Future!

INTRODUCTION This article will show how we can benefit from the arrangement for pioneers.

Benefit From a Preacher's Appointment

I will praise Jehovah with all my heart in the congregation of the upright ones. . . .

(Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) You may have been part of a small preaching group that was organized to help us fulfill the commission Jesus gave his followers to preach the good news of the Kingdom throughout the earth. - Matt. 24:14.

2 How have you benefited from this field service arrangement? Wendy,* a sister, says: "The field service arrangement has helped me in many ways. It has helped me to learn new methods of speaking and teaching from others. It has helped me to set and reach spiritual goals, and it has helped me to make many new friends. A family overseer's job is to help the publishers in his group to progress spiritually and to remain spiritually strong even after they are baptized.

* Some names have been changed.

1-2. How do many feel about the missionary assignment?

14

3 In this article, we will consider the role of the midwife and her assistant, how they helped the midwife's family, and how each of us can support the midwife, and how we can benefit from this fine arrangement.

The Bible and Its Teachings

(Prov. 27:23) He gets to know his brothers and regularly communicates with them to find out what they are going through, so that he can give them encouragement and encouragement from the Scriptures as well as other help. (Prov. 12:25; Isa. 32:2; Jas. 2:15-17) Second, he helps his brothers and sisters to expand their ministry. She regularly takes the lead in the field ministry, especially on weekends, encouraging and training publishers, and when she is unable to do so, she arranges for her ministerial helper or another publisher to accompany her in the ministry

* If necessary, a qualified ministerial servant may take the lead in the father's household until an elder takes his place.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. (a) What are some important responsibilities of field overseers? (b) What suggestions can help field overseers to be effective? (See the box "Suggestions That Worked for Field Overseers".)

Helpful Tips for Caregivers

• Make the field service meeting brief, no longer than seven minutes, so that publishers can get started early.

• Work with as many publishers as possible in your area, including those whose circumstances do not allow them to share regularly in the ministry, by making arrangements to work with them on other weekends or evenings.

• Make regular visits to the whole family, either by telephone or by letter, at publishers' homes, at the Kingdom Hall, or at another convenient location.

• Train brothers to reach out for responsibility in the congregation.

• Keep an eye on your in-laws, even when the whole congregation is in the field ministry.

Third, he helps baptized and mature brothers to qualify for more responsibility. (1 Tim. 3:1) He gives them heartfelt commendation, gives them Scriptural counsel, and trains them for the future.

June 15, 2026

and deacons, and presbyters. If there is such a work, let the elders appoint those who are worthy.

5 Consider Jörg, who serves as a circuit overseer in Germany and who, like many elders, has many responsibilities in the congregation. He says: "It is not easy to be balanced when I have so many responsibilities in the congregation, so I find it difficult to keep in touch with all of my grandparents as I would like to". Obed, an elder in Suriname, says: "I love training, but it takes a lot of time and effort, the videos don't come out right away, and I have many other responsibilities that keep me busy.

6 If it is possible, the circuit overseer should limit the number of people in each field ministry home so that he can get to know each one of them and help them spiritually, but what if there are only a few elders in the congregation?

An overseer may ask a ministerial servant in his father's household to accompany him in the field ministry in order to train him

(See also paragraph 7)

Thus, the body of elders may assign a ministerial servant to care for one of the father's family members, thus enabling the father to care for the family and to help the family to endure hardships spiritually.

7 If you are a circuit overseer in a congregation where there are few elders, why not make it your goal to train your ministerial servant to help you care for God's flock? (Read 1 Peter 5:2.)

5. What challenges do some midwives face?

6. How does the overseer benefit from the presence of those in the field ministry?

7. In congregations where there are few elders, what can an overseer do to care for all in his household? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also the picture.)

16 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(2 Tim. 2:2) Let us consider three ways in which each of us can contribute to the success of a father's training - by working with new publishers, pioneers, and experienced publishers, by helping new ones to start conversations, by making return visits, and by conducting Bible studies.

HOW WORKERS HELP their fellow believers

8 Participate in the ministry. We encourage one another when we share in the ministry with our brothers and sisters. (Read Romans 1:12.) When you share in the ministry with your brothers and sisters, they are encouraged and reassured. Can you arrange to witness by letter or by telephone? If you are healthy but not able to share in the ministry, why not review your weekly schedule for preaching in your parents' home?

8. How can you cooperate with your father in the ministry? (Romans 1:12)

(Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) Pray to Jehovah about your efforts, and he can give you both the desire and the strength to do what pleases him. - Phil. 2:13.

(Read Romans 12:13.) In some congregations, elders may arrange for a family member to share a meal with a brother or sister who is not able to attend, even if the brother or sister decides to accept the invitation. I try to focus on getting to know the brothers better, not on how to prepare a meal or how to enjoy it. When we show hospitality and work together as a family, we draw closer to Jehovah and to our brothers. - Neh. 8:10; Acts 20:35.

10 Make plans to improve your ministry. As you improve your preaching and teaching skills, you will enjoy working with your father in the ministry.

9. What can we do to contribute to the love and unity of our forefathers in the ministry? (Romans 12:13)

10. What can we do to improve in one aspect of our ministry? (Prov. 1:5; 27:17) (See also the picture.)

JUNE 2026 the 17th

A small field of preachers helps us to get to know one another better and work together in the ministry (See paragraph 10)

(Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) You can talk to your caregiver, and he or she can help you. You can also ask others for help. That is what a sister named Heather did. I am glad that I asked for help, for I am enjoying the ministry so much. Obviously, we can play a part in the success of the field ministry.

Give your children the example of faithfulness

For example, Jehovah uses Christian fathers to help care for his dear ones, including widows, orphans, and the elderly. (1 Thess. 2:8; Jas. 1:27) This arrangement also provides practical training in various aspects of the preaching and teaching work, and exemplary baptized brothers receive training to qualify for additional responsibility. - 1 Tim. 3:10.

12 Consider the example of Wendy, quoted earlier: "Because of my father's opposition to the truth, my mother was unable to share in the field ministry on weekends with his family, but my father allowed me to do so, so I did. An elderly pioneer sister became my friend and regularly accompanied me in the field ministry, which helped me both in the ministry and in the congregation.

(Phil. 1:27) Being in small groups makes it easier for those who are shy or afraid to stand out from the crowd to make good friends. (2 Cor. 6:13) Such companionship is helpful.

11-12. Give an example of how planning for the ministry can help you to draw closer to Jehovah.

13. How does sharing in the ministry make us good friends? (See also opening picture.)

18 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(1 Thess. 5:14) No doubt, as the great tribulation draws near, we need true friends even more than ever before.* (Matt. 24:21) Our problems may not be completely gone now, but we can endure them, knowing that our loving brothers and sisters are there to support us. - Prov. 17:17.

14 Immediate relief involves responding quickly to epidemics, natural disasters, sickness emergencies, or persecution. For example, in each congregation, the Congregation Service Committee and the circuit overseers arrange for immediate relief, such as emergency calls or emergency supplies, such as medical supplies, food, water, shelter, and clothing. How glad we are that field fathers are there to help us quickly when disaster strikes!

(Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) It is the desire of all who are part of Jehovah's organization that the good news of God's Kingdom reach as many people as possible. (Rev. 14:6, 7) May we take full advantage of the prophetic arrangement, which enables us to do work that brings praise to Jehovah. - Ps. 111:1.

14. How do we benefit from the pioneer arrangement in times of disaster?

15. What is the desire of all in Jehovah's organization?

DESCRIPTION: Two sisters are working together in the field ministry.

HOW would you respond?

■ How do a circuit overseer and his assistant care for the brothers in their territory?

■ What can you do to contribute to the success of your field ministry?

■ How will you benefit from the field ministry arrangement?

PRAYER 61 To the Front, You Witnesses!

August 31 to September 6, 2026

Song 89 - What Does It Mean to You?

Obey God and Be Blessed

The FIRST

In this article, we will consider why and how we should pay attention at meetings and other theocratic activities.

Pay Attention at Meetings

Therefore pay attention to how you listen.

TODAY, Jehovah provides us with abundant instruction through his Word, the Bible, so that we can echo the sentiments of the psalmist David, who sang: "Jehovah is my Shepherd; I shall lack nothing". - Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One way that Jehovah provides spiritual instruction today is through our meetings, which are often based on what we have learned. Regardless of how long we have been in the truth and how well we know the Bible, we need to be reminded from time to time. (2 Pet. 1:12) This article will show why it is important to pay attention at meetings, and it will help those taking the lead to see how to make it easier for others to listen. Finally, we will discuss what we can do to pay attention at the meetings, but first, we will answer the question: Who really instructs us at the meetings?

REMEMBER that we are taught by Jehovah

3 Jehovah provides us with abundant spiritual food in his Word, the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this, and he skillfully used God's Word to teach so that his listeners might ask: 'How did this man know the Scriptures, since he was not educated?' (John 7:15) Jesus' way of explaining God's Word touched the hearts of honesthearted ones.

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah teach his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this article?

3. How does Jehovah feed us, and how does his servants use his Word in their teaching?

20

(Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah's Witnesses, we recognize that the articles, TV programs, educational materials, and videos produced by Jehovah's organization are based on the Bible. The way we teach at our meetings impresses newcomers.

4 Since the Bible often uses the word "listening attentively" to refer to doing what is right, when we listen to Jehovah's Word being read at our meetings, we are able to understand what he wants us to do, and we can be sure that he is pleased when we listen to him and do what he says. - Prov. 27:11.

WHY is it so important to be punctual?

(Matt. 22:37) As we learn more about Jehovah, our love for him deepens, and this love moves us to want to listen to his commands, to obey them, and to worship him in the way he wants. - Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 We listen at the meetings because we love others (Matt. 22:39) Jehovah instructs us in this way.

4. What are the meanings of the words yoyo or yoyo?

5. What does our love for Jehovah move us to do? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What do we learn from Jehovah at our meetings?

Tips for Being a Good Listener

When longtime servants of Jehovah were asked what helps them to pay attention at meetings, these are some of the comments they made:

• Sister Suefawn, baptized in 1986, says: Sit in the front row so that you can concentrate on the speaker and the videos.

• Brother David, baptized in 1983: "I regularly pray to Jehovah to help me focus on what is being said at the meetings. I also remind myself that attending, listening carefully, and participating at the meetings are part of our worship".

• Nicolas, baptized in 1982, says: "At every meeting, make it a point to commend those who have given a presentation and to mention an experience or a point that impressed you.

• Augustin, baptized in 1988: "I always remind myself that when the faithful slave arranges for a new study, it is precisely what we need.

For example, the brochure Make Disciples contains practical suggestions on qualities that we can use in our ministry, and we study them weekly to help us apply them.

JUNE 2026 21 years from now

in the assembly of God, do you ever find it difficult to begin a conversation? Instead, listen to those who are just beginning their conversation.

(Deut. 32:44-47) By paying attention at meetings, we hear encouragement that will strengthen us to endure trials and to wait patiently for the promised new world. (Rom. 8:25) It is vital that we obey Jehovah and be active in his service in these last days. - Matt. 24:42-44; Rev. 1:3.

How to Help Others Get Started

8 It is important for those who teach at meetings, especially those who give public talks, to improve their teaching skills. Taking the time to prepare well and to base their presentations on the Scriptures will help new ones to become convinced of the truth and to build up the brothers spiritually. Therefore, if you are given the opportunity to give talks at meetings, do not underestimate the value of applying the following suggestions, which, while specifically directed to those who give public talks, can also benefit all who do. - 2 Tim. 4:2; 1:9.

9 Clearly, you want your presentation to be simple so that your listeners can follow along. If the key points are too many or too difficult to understand, how can you make your presentation clear and organized? The following suggestions will help you: (1) Put the key points at the beginning of the presentation. (2) Focus on one key point at a time.

(Prov. 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) To be effective, you need to consider the context and the Scriptures. A brother in his 70's in the United States recalled a lesson he learned from a teacher when he was young: "I still remember how our teacher encouraged us to meditate when we read God's Word. That lesson changed my life, helped me to take Bible reading seriously, and helped me to draw closer to Jehovah.

11 Think about the meaning of the material you are teaching, make it clear how it applies, and use the Scriptures to encourage your listeners to apply what you are teaching them.

7. Why is it important to listen to Jehovah?

8. Why do brothers who teach on the platform need to train themselves to be effective teachers?

9. What can you do to make your presentation clear?

10. Why should you be interested in the material you are studying?

11. What is the key to making your teaching effective? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

While serving fellow believers in Ephesus, Paul told Timothy what he needed to do to maintain a close relationship with Jehovah. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.)

12 To make your presentation appealing, speak aloud and repeatedly. Instead of writing down all the words you have to say, try to take note of the main points, which will help you to speak naturally and make it easier for your listeners to pay attention.

(Prov. 1:5) Of course, all of us have shortcomings, and it may not be easy to determine whether our teaching is clear or needs to be improved.* We want to improve our teaching so that the truth of God's Word can reach our listeners to the fullest extent possible.

How to Make the Most of Your Life in a Few Minutes

14 Treasure Jehovah's reminders. We need God's reminders to cope with life in these critical last days. (2 Tim. 3:1) Even if we have heard the counsel repeatedly, we do well to imitate the spirit of the dead writer of Psalm 119

* For additional suggestions on how to be an effective speaker and teacher, see the brochure Apply Yourself to Reading and Teaching and the book Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education.

12. Why is it good to use natural language when teaching from the platform?

13. Why should we seek advice from experienced teachers? (See also the picture.)

14. How can we imitate the positive attitude of the writer of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

Ask an experienced teacher to help you improve your teaching skills (See paragraph 13)

23

Listen attentively at meetings, without allowing electronic devices to distract you (See paragraph 17)

God's reminders can help us to do the same. - Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

(Ex. 16:15, 31) At first, the Israelites must have appreciated the manna, which came from Jehovah, tasted good, and was nutritious, but some of it ended up in their daily diet. (Deut. 21:5) What lesson does this teach us? Rather, we do well to remember that Jehovah is the Source of that teaching, that adjustments to the teachings of Jehovah's organization are well-thought-out, and that applying what we learn will help us to make wise choices that will lead to everlasting life. - Prov. 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

15. What can we do to maintain our appreciation for the instruction we receive at our meetings?

16 Learn from other good listeners. Many longtime servants of Jehovah have learned to pay attention at meetings. What has helped some to do so? Ashley, who has served Jehovah for over 30 years, says: "Prepare for the meetings is the best way to pay attention. József, who has been serving Jehovah for 52 years, says: "I enjoy revisiting a subject because it helps me to learn new things and to understand things better". He adds: "Even if a brother is not an experienced speaker, I try to focus on what he teaches from God's Word rather than on his fatherly qualities.

17 To help you pay attention at the meetings, the following suggestions can help you: (1) If you eat before the meeting,

16. How have some longtime servants of Jehovah improved their attention at meetings? (See also the box "Suggestions for Improving Your Listening".)

17. What steps can you take to pay attention at the meetings? (See also the picture.)

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(2) Get out of the meeting before it starts so that you can find a seat. (3) Turn off your electronic devices so that you are not distracted or distracted during the meeting. (4) Prepare for each talk and think about what the speaker will talk about. (5) Keep your eyes on the speaker. (6) Make brief notes or prints to help you remember the key points. (7) Try to meditate on the key scriptures and note how they relate to the key points. (8) Ask yourself, How can I use this information to help someone in the congregation or in the field ministry? (9) At assemblies and conventions, meditate in advance on the theme of the day, the scripture text, the various talks on the program, and the scriptures on which the talks are based. (10) To prepare, sit quietly and listen to the opening program of the convention.

You can obey Jehovah

(Ps. 23:3; 31:3) We do not need Jehovah's reminders so that we do not stray from the path of righteousness. So be determined to listen attentively at the meetings and to apply what you learn. (Luke 8:18) If you do, you will be happy now and will have the prospect of everlasting life, which is the heritage promised to all who obey Jehovah. - Ps. 119:2, 14.

18. Why should we continue to pay attention at meetings?

HOW would you respond?

■ Why should we pay attention at meetings?

■ What can those taking the lead in teaching in the congregation do to help others to pay attention at meetings?

■ What steps can you take to pay attention at meetings?

CHURCH 87 Come and Find Refreshment for Yourself

LIFE STORY How did you get there?

Nearly 70 Years of Service in Cuba

As told by Gustavo JOSEPH

I WAS born in 1947 in the beautiful Caribbean island of Cuba, at the confluence of the tropical Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean.

I have fond memories of that peaceful little village, close to my aunts, uncles, grandparents, and other relatives, where we enjoyed a good meal and a good time.

When I was about five years old, my parents began to study the Bible with Walton Jones, a zealous evangelizer who traveled about ten hours to our village on foot. As soon as he found out, several of our relatives would visit my grandfather's house, and he would spend many hours with them.

We were well-known for preaching from house to house, carrying suitcases full of vital Bible literature, and for our zeal! I still remember serving Jehovah joyfully during those difficult times, but more difficult times lay ahead. - 2 Tim. 4:2.

THE time for change has come.

When I was about five years old, my father and my brother traveled to a circuit assembly on the other side of the country. Unfortunately, they drank water contaminated with typhoid fever.

After my father's death, my mother arranged for our cousin to move to Lombillo, away from my grandparents and other dear cousins, but we continued to serve Jehovah.

Little did I realize that in just two years, the situation for Jehovah's Witnesses in Cuba would change dramatically. In 1959, the government was overthrown and the Communists came to power.

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

The new government, eager to increase its power, decided to expand its military force. This made life difficult for Jehovah's Witnesses because of our neutrality; our freedom to assemble and preach was gradually curtailed; hundreds of faithful ones were imprisoned, beaten, and physically assaulted; and at times, the Bible forbade us to eat.

(Heb. 10:25) We even held assemblies on farms and in other places in the country. I remember one time when a brother arranged for an assembly to be held in a large sheep pen, where we could not clean the barn or even get the sheep out.

We cherished the hardworking brothers who helped us to spread spiritual food in those early days by recording convention talks and sending them to brothers in various parts of the country, sometimes in pairs.

When the electricity was not available, a bicycle was mounted on a cable car, and a brother would use the bicycle's pedals to transmit the electricity to the listeners. Our circumstances were modest, and we did not have the regular supply of Bible literature that our brothers in other parts of the world had, but we always had access to spiritual food, and we were happy to serve Jehovah together. - Neh. 8:10.

I Became a Mother, a Husband, and a Father

At the age of 18, I began serving as a regular pioneer in Florida. About a year later, I was assigned as a special pioneer in the capital city of Camagüey, where I met Emilia, a beautiful young woman from Santiago de Cuba.

I began to work part-time in a government sugar factory. Emilia and I could no longer pioneer, but we wanted to

A. Kingdom Ministry School for elders held in Camagüey, Cuba, in 1966

B. On the day of the convention, 1967

A and B

B and C

C and D

C. In the circuit work, in the 1990's

Our first foreign convention after the ban was lifted, 1994

Assembly of the District of TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

Filed to:

So I worked in the sugar factory from 3:00 a.m. until 11:00 a.m. I did not like to get up early, but this arrangement helped me to maintain my zeal for the ministry, and Emilia and I were able to attend all the meetings.

In 1969, our first son, Gustavo, was born, and I was assigned to the circuit work, which was not uncommon in Cuba at the time.

I am thrilled to recall how Jehovah blessed us during our years in the circuit work in Cuba and the efforts we made to help our children to love him from the heart.

Our Life - The Purpose of Medical Treatment

Especially did we see the damage in the 1960's and 1970's when the work was banned, all Kingdom Halls were built, missionaries were expelled, many young brothers were imprisoned, and the branch office in Havana was rebuilt.

Because of the ban, we visited congregations only on weekends, often twice a week, often on bicycles and carrying only a few items to avoid detection. It was easy for us to pretend that we were visiting family members, even forgetting that we were actually visiting family members. (Mark 10:29, 30) However, we often needed counsel. And if we become known, they may arrest those with whom we communicated. - Rom. 16:4.

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

E

F is

Why not?

E. Emilia serving as circuit overseer at the Cuba branch, early 2000's

Cleaning an Assembly Hall, 2012

F. Graduation program of the Bible School for Christian Couples, 2013

Many of the brothers honored us with lavish hospitality. They provided us with plenty of food and shelter, and when we were hungry, they gave us something to eat.

When we were visiting churches, we could not carry all our children, except one, and the rest stayed with my mother and sister. You know, we were very busy raising the children.

I appreciate her even more when I think of the hard work she put into caring for the children and supporting me in the full-time ministry. In my case, I worked in the sugar factory before becoming a circuit overseer, sometimes working overtime one or two days a week so as not to have to work on the weekends. However, I found that if I told each of the workers what to do on the weekends, my work was done, and my employers apparently had no idea that I was not at work on the weekends.

We have experienced the power of change.

In 1994, we were thrilled to finally meet the 80 traveling overseers at a special meeting in Havana, where they discussed some of the organizational changes.

They explained that they had met several times with government officials to improve relations between the government and Jehovah's Witnesses.

June 29, 2026

Members of the Cuba Branch Committee, 2013

Others in the Bethel family, especially my wife, Emilia, helped me to adjust my thinking.

Emilia and I are now elderly, but when we think of all the privileges we have had to know and work with over the years, and especially when we see our children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren serving Jehovah, we feel as did the aged apostle John, who wrote: "I have no greater cause for thankfulness than these things, that I should be hearing that my children go on walking in the truth". - 3 John 4.

Emilia and I have been serving at Bethel for nearly 30 years, and while we have struggled with health problems and the effects of advancing age, we have enjoyed many years of hardship in Jehovah's service, but we have enjoyed serving the happy God here on the island of Cuba for almost 70 years! - 1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1.

At a circuit assembly, with our daughter and her husband

When the authorities asked for a list of all the traveling overseers, we agreed, and this led to good relations between the Witnesses and the authorities.

We learned that the authorities already knew the names of some traveling overseers, but they wanted us to verify their information.

In September 1994, we were allowed to reopen the branch office in the country, and we were able to use the same building that had been taken over 20 years earlier.

Then, in 1996, to our surprise, Emilia and I received a telephone call from the branch office asking us to serve at Bethel. I told the brothers that we still had two young children at home to care for.

To be honest, I didn't really enjoy Bethel life at first. After serving as a traveling overseer for many years, I kept my mind and heart focused on the ministry.

30 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Questions From Readers

What two covenants did the apostle Paul mention at Galatians 4:24?

▪ After referring to the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar, the apostle Paul wrote: "These things have a symbolic meaning, for the women represent two covenants". (Gal. 4:22-24) In the past, we have seen that these two covenants represented both the Law covenant and the new covenant.

(Gal. 4:25) Hagar thus represented the Law covenant between God and the Israelites at Mount Sinai in 1513 B.C.E. (Ex. 19:5, 6) The Law reminded the Jews that no imperfect human could keep the Law perfectly, but it also reminded them that they were slaves to sin and that they needed the Messiah, the only one through whom God could bring salvation. 10:4, footnote.

(Gal. 4:23) That promise was the Abrahamic covenant. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) This covenant is summarized at Genesis 22:18: "By means of your seed all nations of the earth will certainly bless themselves because you have listened to my voice".

The Abrahamic covenant provides details about the promise made in Eden. (Gen. 3:15) It reveals that the foretold Seed would come through Abraham's lineage, the primary part of which, Paul explained, would be Jesus Christ, but it also includes 144,000 anointed members of Christ's body, who would rule with Jesus in God's Kingdom. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) God's promise to Abraham extends to all who exercise faith in Jesus and obey him.

By using this illustration, Paul showed that if the Jews of his day had remained in bondage under the Law, they would have remained in bondage under the Law. However, if the primary part of Abraham's seed, Jesus Christ, had come to faith, they would have been set free from the bondage of sin and death.

Regrettably, though many of the Galatians to whom Paul was writing were non-Jews and had never been under the Law, some Jews in the congregations were pressuring Gentile believers to be circumcised.

* This is a revision of what appeared in the March 15, 2006, issue of The Watchtower, pages 10-12.

June 31, 2026

What does the Bible teach us about Jehovah's Kingdom?

June 2026.* Vol. 147, No. 6 This article is part of the June 2026 issue of The Watchtower.

In this article

Study articles for August 10-16

Remaining Faithful Under Trials

Study articles for August 17-23

How to Build Strong Friendships With Your Brothers and Sisters

Study articles for August 24-30 14

Benefit From the Ministry Invitation

Study article for August 31 to September 6 20

Pay Attention at Meetings

LIFE STORY How Does the Bible Help You? 26

Nearly 70 Years of Service in Cuba

31 Questions From Readers

What the Bible Says

How Animals Were Rescued in the Old Testament

Many Bible readers know that some of Jesus' followers were fishermen. (Mark 1:16-20) They used nets to catch fish on the Sea of Galilee.

They used to dip their nets into the water, but when the wind blew them up, they pulled the nets along.

(Luke 5:6) The Bible accounts of James and John drawing a net, possibly using a fishing rod or a fishing rod, (Matt. 4:21) The fishermen were likely to reattach their nets each time they got off the beach, and Luke says that the fishermen were drawing their nets in order to get rid of the mud and other impurities. (Luke 5:2) Then they were washing the nets so that they would not sink too quickly. - Isa. 47:10.

Jesus called the men who were fishing nets to become fishermen.

This publication is not for sale; it is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures - With References.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the jw.org website, or scan this link on your device

JW.ORG® is the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.

w26.06-EW