FREEDOM AND JUSTICE

REPUBLIC OF GHANA

EƲE

2021 ANNUAL REPORT TO THE SECRETARIAT

This booklet is a summary of the 2021 Annual Report and Publication Policy.

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

Public Receipt of the Report

The Government of Ghana’s 2021 Budget and Budget Response to Members of Parliament is available online at:

www.mofep.gov.gh

If you would like to obtain a copy of this document, please contact the Office of the Information Commissioner at the following address:

Public Relations Office

New Building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or 003

P. O. Box MB 40

Accra – Ghana

Email: info@mofep.es.

Translated by:

Bureau of Ghana Languages

i | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members of Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

Foot

Tatawo.......................................................................................................................... iii

The Fathers of Numerology................................................................................................. iii

OVERVIEW OF THE GREATEST PRODUCTS................................................. v

INTERESTS................................................................................................................ 1

PROCEEDINGS OF THE COMMITTEE IN 2020................................................ 1

2021 WORKING GROUP RECOMMENDATIONS.......................................... 5

ADVOCATES OF THE ASSOCIATION.............................................................................. 6

COVID 19 IMPACT ON GHANA’S SOCIETY................................................................................................. 8

PROCEEDINGS VOVOVOI KPLE PROCEEDINGS VOVOI................................................. 14

NUWUWU................................................................................................................ 28

Understanding some of the specifics of the book................................................ 29

ii | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members of Parliament

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

Tatawo

Chapter 1: Employees Admitted to Government Offices................................................ 21

Father 2lia: Lolorimɔ siwo dodo nu wowu........................................................................ 24

Father 3lia: Dɔ siwo wode to me................................................................................ 25

Fathers of Numerology

Figure 1: Government Expenditure from June 2020 to June 2021 (in billion Ghanaian shillings)..............................................................................................3

Figure 2: Total Government expenditure from January 2020 to January 2020 (in billion Ghanaian shillings).................................................................4

Figure 3: Total Government Expected Revenues in 2021 (in billion Ghanaian shillings).............................................................................. 6

Figure 4: Projects planned by the Government in April 2021 and specific budget allocated to them (in Ghanaian shillings billions)................................. 8

iii | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

"Therefore, it is time for us to stand together in the face of all the difficulties of living in different communities, and help each other to work together with determination to bring Ghana forward as it is now."

H.E. Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo

(This statement will be taken from the Leader’s Message to the Assembly read at the General Assembly in February 2021.)

iv | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members of Parliament

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

DIRECTIONALS FOR THE GREATEST PROJECTS

In February 2020, Ghanaians will vote for President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo to continue the good work he and others have been doing for another year.

The 2021 Report is a key report that highlights how we are focusing our efforts to address the public concerns, overcome the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, and deliver on our commitment to ensure that Ghana remains on track to recover from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. We are focusing the Report on our goal of bringing new innovations to the country’s progress towards self-reliance.

For most of the past few years, we have focused our public speaking efforts on a number of key issues: we have promoted public speaking values, started working on commitment speaking values, launched various initiatives, supported self-employed groups, and promoted community speaking values. At the end of February 2019, we made several changes to our public speaking efforts, based on the public speaking values we saw and how other stakeholders appreciated Ghana’s progress in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic. The epidemic has affected public health worldwide, and Ghana is not the only country affected.

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused many problems to our work and everyday life. However, the Government has recognized how the disease has affected us as a nation and has taken various measures to ensure that these measures are implemented and managed properly. We are not despairing, as we have come up with many new ways to do what we need to do. The Government is committed to ensuring that we are healthy. Therefore, the Government has made a commitment to vaccinate Ghanaians against the disease so that we can work hard to get Ghana where we want it to be.

Although we are in a difficult time, you have joined us in making our progress, and we are working hard to ensure that our vision remains unchanged for our progress. About 1.2 million secondary school pupils are taking decisions about their future. We have addressed the concerns of the first shelters and we have engaged the majority of those who sheltered in these shelters. As a result, we have set up a shelter and have begun preparing for the shelters and some of them are working on our liberties.

In fact, we have encountered a number of challenges in achieving our goals. The government is working hard on various initiatives to address these issues and improve our performance. For example, we have supported the 750 million Ghanaian shilling project for the development of the Gadede District Courts in April 2020 and others.

We are now being asked to support each other, and to work harder than we have done to advance the country. We will do this by focusing on the priorities we are working on so that we can all progress. We have to work hard for the progress of the country, because we are committed from the bottom of our hearts to work with all our strength for the people of Ghana.

God bless us all.

Long live Ghana!

Ken Ofori-Atta Dudola si Onania Ganyawo dzi

v | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

SECURITY

1. The Budget for 2021 is a summary of the Government’s activities in 2020 and the budget for 2021. The theme of the Budget for 2021 is “Return to Progress, Progress and Progress”. The reason for preparing this report is that in recent years, with each new Budget, new developments have been planned. This has resulted in the previous progress being overshadowed. This increases our payroll, and it makes it clear that we pay a lot of employees late and not on time for the work they are doing. It also increases the cost of progress, because it adds to the costs of late payments.

2. In February 2021, the Government has planned to take a new approach. The Government has planned this with the aim of removing the obstacles to the advancement of advances in order to increase the progress achieved.

PROCEEDINGS OF THE COMMITTEE IN 2020

Activities of the Committee Members

3. The decisions regarding the operation of the website in Feb 2020 are as follows:

• GDP growth in the first nine months of the year was 0.2 per cent, and is projected to be 0.9 per cent at the end of the year;

• The mortality rate of domestic cows in the first three months of the year was 0.4, and at the end of the year it is expected to be 1.6 mothers per 1,000 live births;

• The birth rate at the end of the year was 10.4 per 1,000 mothers although the target was 11.0 per 1,000 mothers;

1 | Government of Ghana - Annual Report 2021 to Members of Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

• The minimum income required before progress can be made is 11.7 per cent of the national income while the target is 11.4 per cent of the national income;

• The Government’s estimated delay in implementing the action plan is 5.3 mothers per 1,000 births in the country’s rural areas compared to the target of 4.6;

• The national debt is US$8.6 Billion ($8.6 Billion) which is equivalent to the debt that the State received from foreign sources in the past 4.1 years.

GET THE MOST IN 2020 FIND OUT HOW YOU CAN GET THE MOST OUT OF IT

Go Home si Dziɖuɖu Kpɔ

4. In the 2020 Budget, the Government envisaged to raise GHS 53.7 billion as a contribution to the Government’s budget for developments and other projects. At the end of 2020, the Government’s budget was GHS 55.1 billion. This amount is equal to the estimated and increased to GHS 1.5 billion. This is due to the fact that the Government’s significant contribution to the country’s marketing and advertising sectors from the Health and Social Care sector. This has led to a greater acceptance of contributions and a better management of them.

2 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members of Parliament

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

Figure 1. Budget of the Government from June 2020 to June 2021 (in Ghanaian shillings billion).

60.0 53.7 55.1

50.0 42.6 40.7

40.0

30.0

20.0

10.0 4.55.0 3.83.6 3.42.8 1.21.2

0.0

Taxes paid by the State to the provinces and territories

A man who wasn't expected to return

Non-refundable and refundable loans

Government revenue from transportation and gas storage

Others (part of ESLA & SSNIT gates going to NHIL gates)

Ga siwo wona Dzikoli

The science that is focused on

A group of homes that can be converted

How the Government Works

5. By the end of 2020, the Government had spent GHS 100.1 billion (including public debt) while the Government should have spent GHS 97.7 billion. Some of the government’s other debts were in excess of the budgeted debt. As reported in the second quarter of 2020, the additional debt the Government had for 2020 was in excess of the budgeted debt. The reasons why the Government’s debt for 2020 was in excess of the budgeted debt are as follows:

• The Government has recruited additional health workers and is relying on health workers who have previously treated COVID-19 patients.

3 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

In response to this, the Government has given relief to many of the victims.

• The government is spending a lot of money on young people affected by COVID-19; and

• Government spending on advances that will help the nation overcome the COVID-19 pandemic.

6. It is important to note that the Government’s 44.9 billion Ghanaian shilling debt supplements the 55.1 billion Ghanaian shilling deficit and debt to achieve progress by April 2020.

Figure 2: Total Government expenditure from January 2020 to January 2020 (in Ghanaian shilling billions)

What is wrong with the proposal 0 2.21

Non-Government Land 1.44 1.44

Other Services 12.18

12.08 14.09 14.09 14.09 14.09 14.09 14.09 14.09 14.09 14.09 14.09 14.09 14.09 14.09 1

Government Expenditure on Government Offices 9.33 11.88

Other expenses of the Kingdom 11.81 26.6

Income spent on farming and fishing 7.39 26.27

Government Employees 7.74 27.06 28.27

100.53 97.74 100.53 97.74

0 20 40 60 80 100 120

Ga home fe fufofo a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a

The problem that is being addressed

Events in February 2020

7. As of April 2020, we have consumed 291.6 billion Ghanaian shillings (US$ 50.8 billion) of food equivalent to 76.1 per cent of the national food reserves. The Government’s expenditure on gas storage facilities and gas stations, as well as the expenditure on self-services for the first year of electricity supply, are part of this expenditure.

4 | Government of Ghana - Feb 2021 Annual Report to Members

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

In 2020, we had 71.5 per cent of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) in our hands (excluding the government’s contribution to the food and beverage industry). The distribution of our assets in 2020 was as follows:

• The land we consume in other countries is 141.7 billion Ghanaian shillings (US$ 24.7 billion) which is 48.6 per cent of the total land mass;

• The land consumed by the population of Ghana is 149.8 billion hectares (US$26.1 billion) which is 51.4% of the world's land area.

2021 GROUP MEMBERSHIP REQUIREMENTS

2021 Goals of the Gangwon-do People

8. Government organizations and policies related to gender (e.g., gender equality and gender diversity) have been working on gender equality in recent years. The 2021 Report focuses on the following major gender equality goals or criteria:

• Increase in the volume of commercial goods by 5.0%;

• The number of households with a household income of less than Rs. 10,000 per month increased by 6.7%;

• By the end of the year, interest rates on loans will rise to 8.0%;

• The Government’s contribution to the expected revenue before progress is made is 9.5% of the total national income;

• The Government’s contribution to the existing debt prior to the implementation of the advances is 1.3% of the total national assets; and

• State revenues from non-governmental sectors shall not exceed the amount of revenues received by the State from government sectors in the previous four (4) years.

Ga Home Government Expectations for 2021

9. The Government expects that the total revenue and taxes generated in 2021 will amount to GHS 72.5 billion. The revenue that the Government expects to generate in 2021 is in the third quarter of 2021.

5 | Government of Ghana - Feb 2021 Annual Report to Members

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

Figure 3: Total Expenditures Envisaged by the Government to Revenue in FY 2021 (in Ghanaian shilling billions)

Governments 1.5

Other 4.9

Sections 5.4 and 5.5

7.1 Unresolved disputes 7.2 Unresolved disputes 7.3 Unresolved disputes 7.4 Unresolved disputes 7.5 Unresolved disputes 7.6 Unresolved disputes 7.7 Unresolved disputes 7.8 Unresolved disputes 7.9 Unre

53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6 53.6

The distance to the east is 55.8

Total Government Expenditures and Revenues 72.5

PROCEEDINGS OF THE SECURITY COUNCIL

10. The Government has implemented a variety of relief measures in the context of the 2021 Economic Recovery Plan to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. These relief measures are as follows:

• The Government has allocated one per cent of the NHIS fee and VAT tax as a contribution to cover the costs of the COVID-19 pandemic for young people;

• The government has increased the price of petrol/diesel by 10 pesos per litre in accordance with the Environmental Protection Act in order to promote cleanliness, promote good living practices and reduce the number of deaths and food-related diseases;

• The Government has urged the public to pay 20 pence per litre of petrol/diesel from the Fuel and Electricity Board to cover electricity bills.

6 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

self-employed persons from the situation in which the public authorities are not working;

The Government has committed to increase the capacity of the reservoirs by 100% by 2024, five years after their pre-Western capacity, to support the operation of the existing reservoirs and dams;

The Government has provided for the Courts of Appeal and the Courts of Session to oversee the functioning of the criminal courts and to instruct persons involved in criminal proceedings to make arrangements for the advancement of their criminal proceedings from the criminal courts; and

To revise the penalties imposed on individuals to be consistent with those currently in force, and to amend the National Employment Act of 2018 (Act 983) which requires that, before paying a salary for the performance of a job, the salary payable must reflect the annual increase in the value of the work performed in the previous year as recorded by the Court of Appeal for the Review of Decisions on Government Activities.

Summary of Activities in 2021

11. The Government has planned to spend 113.8 billion Ghanaian shillings (GHS) on its activities as reported in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year.

A total of 41.3 billion Ghanaian shillings will be allocated to the provinces and local governments across the country to help fund the planned projects.

7 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Parliament

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

Figure 4: Projects planned by the Government for the year 2021 and specific budget allocated to them (in Ghanaian shillings billion)

The World Beyond the Kingdom | 3.7

Other Services | 8.4

Government Expenditure to Support Government Offices | 18.1

The Kingdom of God’s Sons | 35.9

The Government’s contribution to the achievement of the objectives | 11.4

The Government’s Disbursements for the Growth and Development of Agricultural Products | 6.0

Government Employees’ Pensions | 30.3

Group of Members of the Government | 113.8

COVID-19 EFFECTS ON THE WORLD ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL CONFERENCE IN GHANA

12. This section describes the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on public health worldwide, particularly in Ghana. It describes the measures taken by the Government to address the impact of COVID-19 and mitigate its effects.

The Risks of COVID-19

13. The COVID-19 pandemic, which spread worldwide at the end of 2019, has severely affected health, employment, and social welfare across the globe. The pandemic has caused many people to lose their jobs, reduced their incomes, and worsened social welfare. In addition, the disease has affected more than 2.6 million people worldwide.

8 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

14. In Ghana, since the last week of April 2020, the number of cases has increased from 11 to 781 per week before rising to 104 in the last week of May 2020. In May 2021, the number of cases has increased from 99 in the first week of June to 880 on the 5th day of May.

15. In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government has imposed a state of calamity on Ghanaians. This state of calamity has affected many sectors of the country’s economy, particularly transportation, agriculture, health, transportation, housing, households, education and literacy.

16. This has caused frustration among transport workers, clerks, and other non-governmental workers, who are not involved in any form of community service. Although this protection is necessary in the early stages of the disease, it has reduced the willingness to work with and do many other tasks.

17. Although East African countries have implemented these standards, the Government of Ghana has been praised for its efforts in the early stages of the disease, which has encouraged us to do more.

18. As a further response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the U.S. Department of Health supported the Government with $100 million in the COVID-19 Emergency Preparedness Response Fund. The Fund’s goal is to empower the nation to prepare, monitor, investigate, and respond to the outbreak.

Execution of the remaining eight payment orders

9 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members of Parliament

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

This is in line with the Government’s commitment to the patients, their care and the improvement of their well-being.

19. The State shall assist the citizens in the following ways to prevent disadvantage:

• The government supported the farms in keeping their workers, and supported the families in these difficult times;

• To provide national food security to the public from August 2020 until the end of December and provide food to the underprivileged during the period of public shelter;

Free water for all

• The Government has allocated 1,827,581 and 917,142 metric tons of food supplies respectively to the residents of the Gee and Kumasi districts;

• Government and religious organizations provided unwanted food to 470,000 families during a period of high population concentration;

• The Government has transferred 10,125,620 hectares of land to the National Forestry Authority of Ghana;

• The Government will repatriate Ghanaian nationals who have been expelled from the country on grounds of non-compliance with travel restrictions under the Return to Home Act;

10 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members of Parliament

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

• The Government has allocated 750 million Ghanaian shillings to the Government Hospitals Corona Virus Impact Monitoring Mission to reduce the impact of the disease on hospitals, including 277,511 staff and 412.88 million Ghanaian shillings; and

• The Government implemented the National COVID-19 Response Plan in Tsitsikamma National Park and received 57.13 million Ghanaian shillings from public donations. As of 31st March 2020, 45.22 million Ghanaian shillings from this program have been spent on food packs and towels for half of the COVID-19 shelters. In addition, food has been provided to young people, disabled and elderly, and blood has been supplied to shelters where COVID-19 patients are being treated, among others.

20. Social Security Funds During the COVID-19 Pandemic in 2021: The Government will implement the following additional measures in 2021 to help people, especially those most affected by the pandemic:

• Community Development Fund: The State will contribute 30 percent of its annual budget to the following sectors every three years, beginning in 2021: housing, catering, education, consulting, entertainment, transportation and entertainment;

• Approval of the Environmental Impact Assessment: The Government has approved the three-year environmental impact assessment of all residential buildings and will implement this arrangement as of the next fiscal year in February 2021;

• Reduction of Floods: The Government will establish a three-year plan for the reduction of flooding of rivers and lakes and will implement this plan as of January 2021 as part of the reduction of flooding plan; and

• Farming and Farming-Related Activities: Government activities related to farming and farming-related activities.

11 | Government of Ghana - Annual Report 2021 to Members of Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

In order to address this issue, the Government of the Republic of the Philippines, through the Ministry of Public Works and Highways, and the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH), has agreed with the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) to establish a joint committee to review the implementation of the 2020-2021 Annual Plan of Operations (APPO) and the 2021-2022 Annual Plan of Operations (APPO) for the year 2021.

12 | Government of Ghana - Annual Report 2021 to Members of Parliament

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

GHANA'S PROPOSAL

21. The Government introduced the COVID-19 Impact Monitoring, Recovery and Resilience Centres Strategy on the 20th day of April 2020 to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 and to ensure that the centres are not overloaded, even in their home settings. In fact, this strategy will bring significant changes to Ghana’s home settings and ensure that the country’s priorities are focused on the needs of Ghana’s citizens.

22. The Ghana Commitment is focused on the advancement of employment, the liberalization of employment, and the creation of jobs. Through this Commitment, the Government is committed to reviving the national economy and increasing the number of good and new jobs for the people, especially in the self-employment sector.

23. Some of the main activities and initiatives undertaken by the Government in the framework of the Ghana Commitment are as follows:

• to protect the trees of the old school and to encourage young people from the school to plant trees in the old school;

• Transfer of non-commercial operations to Ghana;

• conduct research and promote computerization;

• Advance the issue of computerization;

• Promote homelessness in Ghana;

• Promote Ghana as a leading nation among other nations;

• Monitor and promote the Government’s policies on which they are working; and

• Establishment of a Repository to support the development of national policies and arrangements for Ghana in the framework of the Ghana Commitment.

13 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members of Parliament

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

24. PROCEEDINGS VOVOVOS KPLE PROCEEDINGS VOVOVOS

This section describes the work done by the various key departments in Fe 2020, and the plans and progress planned for Fe 2021. These plans and progress relate to the Ghana Vision on which they are working from Fe 2018 to Fe 2021 and the Ghana Needs a Vision. The goals of these visions relate to the goals of the Ghana Vision. In addition, our goals relate to our relationships with other organizations such as the Organization of African Unity’s Vision 2030 (The Goals of the Millennium Development Goals) and the African Union’s Goals 2063.

PROCEEDINGS OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY

Culture and agricultural production were in decline.

25. The Department of Food and Agriculture has made significant progress in implementing the International Food and Agricultural Monitoring Programme (IFJ, 2018-2021) of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) in order to reduce poverty and improve food security. In February 2020, the Government made the following progress:

• Government transfers and grants to 1,736,510 farmers. This has resulted in the efficient operation of a number of farms and the creation of employment for a large number of people;

14 | Government of Ghana - Annual Report 2021 to Members of Parliament

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

• The Government has provided 7,500 hunted cattle to 750 farms in the Northeastern Gbegãdzi, Gbegãdzi and Oti Nuts, and 30,000 cows to 3,000 farms in the Northeastern Gbegãdzi, Gbegãdzi, Ashanti, Gbegãdzi and Gɛ̃ Nuts. The Government has provided 531,100 sheep and goats to cattle farmers and has provided 11 hunting grounds and 7 feeding grounds;

• The Government is carrying out various rehabilitation projects and establishing different final destinations. The first and second phases of the Tamne project have been completed by 90 percent and 50 percent respectively; the second phase of the Mbrumem project has been completed by 95 percent, and the Tano project, which is a reversal of the project, has been completed by 95 percent;

• 61 years of age in the case of the Wowu Kpong project and 72 years of age in the case of the Kpong Left Bank project;

• The Government will build 10 dams in the South-East Gbegãdzi, Gbegãdzi and Savannah Townships to provide water for domestic use and to allow for easy access to water all year round;

Agble si me wole tsi dem nukuku le

• The Government has taken over 21 prisons under the “Nuto Sue Đeka Agbaxɔ Đeka” Command;

• Despite the worldwide rise in the price of tobacco, the government has not given in to the demands of the tobacco industry.

15 | Government of Ghana - Feb 2021 Fe Ganutidodo na Dukomeviwo

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

During the 2017/2018 crop season, the cost of one coconut was 7,600 Ghana cedi. The government increased this cost by 8.42 per cent, making the cost of one coconut 8,240 Ghana cedi in the 2018/2019 crop season with the aim of reducing the cost of food for coconut farmers; and

The government has pledged 110,000 jobs to the public through various social security schemes in order to overcome the gap between villages and cities and promote employment in the country.

26. In 2021, the Government will:

(a) Promote the cultivation and fertilization of crops such as wheat, rye, soybeans, sorghum and sorghum in order to promote the proper management of these crops and to ensure a sufficient supply of food to the country and to provide some of it to the provinces;

Provide the 531,100 homeowners and landlords expected in 2020 with housing and provide three new housing developments, 5 million new dwellings, 20,000 new rapidly decreasing dwellings for the elderly, and provide 50 per cent of these to the elderly and their families over the next 50 years;

30 million U.S. dollars in funding for associations and other organizations to encourage associations to participate in the development of the new route;

supplying 97,000 litres of 14,000 kilograms of fertilizer for the destruction of polluted soil and providing two fertilizer bins, three man-made fertilizer bins and 3 million pounds of fertilizer for the destruction of polluted soil; and

64 young people from Akumadan and Bawjiase learned about the new farming system, which is based on the replanting of a demolished farm.

16 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members of Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

PROCEDURE FOR APPLICANTS TO APPLY UNDER THE PROCEDURES OF THE ASSOCIATIONS

27. In 2020, the Government implemented the Culture Transformation Strategy. The goal of this strategy is to make Ghana the most dynamic country in East Africa and the rest of Africa. In 2020, the Government implemented the following actions:

• The Government is in the process of establishing 232 offices in the Nuto Sue Deka Deka District. Of this number, 76 offices are currently in operation and 107 are under construction;

• The Government will assist the residents of the residential areas under the jurisdiction of the Nuto Sue Deka Deka District Court in the provision of services, transportation, housing and other non-residential services. In addition, the Government will assist the residents of the residential areas in the provision of housing, transportation, and housing services;

• The Government has allocated a total of 603 million Ghanaian shillings to the 37 subsidiaries located in the Nuto Sue Deka Deka District of the Department of Agriculture for the purpose of distributing the agricultural products produced by the 37 subsidiaries and the half-year crop yields;

• The Government has allocated 2.3 billion Ghanaian shillings to the agencies appointed by the Government of Ghana’s Courts of Appeal to work with the agencies providing the services. In addition, the Government has allocated 213 million Ghanaian shillings to the agencies appointed by the Government of Ghana’s Courts of Appeal to work with the agencies providing the services;

• The Government has installed 37 offices in all districts by 2020 and has recruited staff from these offices to provide services to them. These 37 offices are supported by offices in 146 districts. The Government has added an additional 30 offices to bring the number of offices to 67.

• The government has supported 110 contact tracing centres to facilitate their work, and has instructed them to use contact tracing devices to combat the COVID-19 outbreak.

17 | Government of Ghana - Feb 2021 Annual Report to Members

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

• Produce 19.5 million mobile phones, 90,000 doctor’s gloves, 90,000 pads and 50,000 healthcare workers’ gloves by 2020. Three of Ghana’s copper mines produce the copper used in these products.

8 Promoting good governance and good governance practices

9 Establishment and development of cultural centres

A number of health centres have been closed during the COVID-19 pandemic.

28. In 2021, the Government will have completed 107 offices in the Nuto Sue District Court Building and will be in the process of completing an additional 49 offices.

PROCEEDINGS APPLICABLE TO LATRIKI KPLE OWNERSHIPS

29. In order to improve mobility and accessibility in the country, the Government has taken the following measures in 2020:

• The 200-megawatt Amandi Power Electricity Plant will be put into operation by 98 per cent of its capacity by the end of 2013;

• The Government has provided electricity to 560 populated areas in 388 years. This has resulted in an increase in electricity consumption across the country from 85.0 MW per capita in December 2020 to 85.2 MW per capita by the end of 2020. To date,

18 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Report to Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

distributed electricity to more than 10,000 communities in the Coffe and Village Electricity Distribution Network;

• The government will provide 1,500 gas cylinders to the public in the gas cylinder plant in Dodoma’s Old City.

30. In 2021, the Government will continue to ensure that the following activities are implemented and promoted:

• The second phase of the first phase of the National or “Early Power” Electricity Plant with a capacity of 202 megawatts;

• The State should be responsible for the maintenance of the electricity supply from the self-employed;

• A national dam to be constructed in various ways in Pwalugu;

• The Government will provide or repair the T3 Gas Machine.

• Implementation of the national power grid from Kumasi to Bolgatanga first section (from Kumasi to Kintampo);

• The Government will review the Volta-Achimota-Mallam 161kv substation to accelerate its construction; and

• Government or Public Electricity Supply Company 330kv A4BSP headquarters building.

19 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Parliament

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

PROCEEDINGS TO BE TAKEN AGAINST THE LÃMESÃNYAS

The Ghana National Court of Land Registry is located in Gɛ̃.

1 Exploration of the seabed

8 Promoting good governance and good governance practices

31. In accordance with the Government’s commitment to ensure the health of the people and to combat the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government has taken the following measures in 2020:

• The Government has begun to work on the arrangements for the establishment of 101 district offices, 7 metropolitan offices and 2 temporary offices and the relocation of the Effia-Nkwanta office under the Government Offices Total Plan “Agenda 111”;

A drone that delivers urgently needed supplies

• The Government has supplied various HIV/AIDS screening kits and decision-making computers to 488 offices to promote HIV/AIDS and HIV/AIDS prevention and has supplied 2,343 screening kits to offices nationwide to promote HIV/AIDS prevention among young people;

20 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members of Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

The Government has purchased a number of drones such as GH1 Omenako, GH2 Mpanya, GH3 Vossi and GH4 Sefwi for the purpose of advancing health advisory services and improving access to health services in the wildlife sector; and

The government employed 58,191 health care workers in various health care facilities; the number of these health care workers was identified only in February 1.

Chapter 1: Employees Admitted to Government Offices

Visitors | Employees Recruited | Number of Employees Recruited in February 2020

1. | Exporters | 822

2. Special taxpayers (people appointed to perform a specific duty) 8

3. | Committees of Special Doctors | 637

4. | Information Officers | 43,057

5. | Other employees (Directors, Assistants and others) | 2,000

6. | Archaeologists | 150

7. | Doctors who are archaeologists | 150

8. | Other Enforcement Officers (Controllers, Monitors) | 4,146

FUFOFO | | 50,970

Xexmizesi | Dzowela si

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

32. The Government shall undertake the following actions:

• The health workers from the Nuto Sue Health Centre will be deployed to the areas of Twifo-Praso, Tepa, Nsawkaw, and Bekwai;

• The proposed Nuto Sue Centres in Sawla, Tolon, Somanya, Buipe, and Ueta and the proposed polyclinic in Bamboi; and

• They have completed the construction of the proposed 12 substations in Wiaboman in Gɛ̃ Nuto, Antwirifo in Bono Nuto, Kofiasua in Bono Nuto, Mantewareso Bono in Ahafo Nuto, Amakyekrom in Bono Nuto, Mewerenfiwuo in Bono Nuto, Samproso in Ashanti Nuto, Koforidua (relating to Offinso) in Ashanti Nuto, and Akaaso in Southeast Nuto.

33. The Government has supported 13 government health departments and non-governmental health research institutes in the development of vaccines against rabies in order to advance the fight against COVID-19 in the country. These include: Kumasi Centre for Collaborative Research (KCCR); National Public Health Reference Laboratory (NPHRL); Veterinary Services Department (VSD) Laboratory; University of Allied Health Sciences (UAHS); Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR); and other non-governmental health research institutes.

34. In Fe 2021, the Government:

• Adoption of the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) Child Abuse Prevention Guidelines to facilitate the integration of child abuse prevention into the work of the health services and to ensure the timely identification of cases;

• To support the work of the “Agenda 111” scheme by visiting Government offices and providing information on the activities of the scheme;

• focuses on its activities through the performance of the following functions:

○ Koforidua Nuto Centre;

○ Shama Nuto sue Office;

○ The Headquarters;

○ Tema Nuto Office;

22 | Government of Ghana - Feb 2021 Statement to Members of Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

○ returning to the place where the victims were staying;

○ Nkoranza Nuto sue Office; and

○ To establish a risk and illness information centre at the Dorma office.

• Increase the number of vaccines supplied by COVAX to the population in different locations for the prevention of COVID-19.

PROCEDURE FOR APPLICATION OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION

9

Establishment and development of cultural centres

11

Villagers and Village Children’s Choice

The spreading of the dodo (the great dodo of the Great Barrier Reef)

35. The Government has made its commitment to promote the movement of people and businesses to work towards the advancement of freedoms and freedoms preparation in support of the implementation of freedoms preparation measures in February 2020 through, among other things, the following actions:

• Preparation of 25,048 kilometres of urban roads, 11,061 kilometres of rural and suburban roads and 5,535 kilometres of urban roads;

• 62 km of highways, 120 km of roads in villages and towns, and 120 km of roads in urban areas have been prepared for public use, and the environment has been improved.

23 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members of Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

As a result, the 648-kilometre (400-mile) long ropeway was built as planned in the 2nd phase of the project.

Father 2nd: Lorrimɔ siwo dodo nu wowu:

NUTO | TEFE

Gɛ̃ | Ashongman, Lapaz (Petroleum), Airport Residential Area, Trinity Seminary, Ga Central, Kwashiman-Ofankor, Chapel Street/Link, Dzorwulu, Tema East, Dansoman, East Legon, Tantra Hill, Ga West Lɔrimɔwo, Tema, Baatsona, Shiashie, Burma Camp, Roman Ridge, Ofankor.

Hedzefe | Kyebi, Koforidua, Oda, Suhum, Nana Asafo Adjei – Mile 50, Akim Oda

Hedzege Gbegãdzi | The Great Workplace Freedom in Bolga

East | Chapel Hill, Kwesimintim Sawmill, Assakae, New Takoradi, GPHA Quarters

Ashanti | Tech Jnc – Anloga Jnc, Tafo, Suame, Moshie Zongo, Buokrom, Kwadaso, Bantama, Manhyia, Mampong, Obuasi, Subin

Titina | Winneba (Anglican Church – Copa Jnc. Rd.), Winneba-Oda Loreimo, Bawjiase Loreimo, Swedru SHS Loreimo

Bono | Sunyani, Berekum

Amugã | Hohoe Dumemɔwo, Kpeme Nutomemɔwo

36. In 2021,

• The government should ensure that the national liberties are not compromised, so that the damage caused to them will not be compensated. To this end, it should initiate a process of compromising the liberties in order to advance the compromising of the national liberties against the damage caused to the liberties;

• Ensure that large buildings are not built in a more inadequate manner, in order to minimize the impact on public spaces;

• Understand the key points of the mission as described in Chapter 3:

24 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

Tata 3lia Dzo si wode to me

DƆAWO | DIDIME

The North Adidome – Asikuma Road (length 39.2 km) and Asutuare – Aveyime (length 23.9 km) sections will be added to the 2 sections between North Adidome and Asikuma Road. | 63.1km and 2No.

They were sent to the Amuga river in Volivo. | 1No.

Build Tatale-Zabzugu-Yendi-Tamale freeways. | 165.8km

Preparation of Zabzugu – Nakpali – Bimbila roads. | 73.6km

Woadzra Dome – Kitase free access. | 19.5km

They were sent to Buipe, Yapei and Daboya | 3No.

Woado Tema – Aflao Free Zone | 17km

Woado Tema -Akosombo distance | 64.7km

2nd Section of Assin Praso – Assin Fosso Road N8 Completed | 60km

Woado Tema Motorway Ranabauti Section 2lia | 1No.

50No. | 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No. 50No

Some of the Kumasi festivals prepared | 100km

100km | 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100km 100

A number of watersheds have been prepared and strengthened in Tamale & Yendi (in Gbegãdzi District), Nalerigu, Walewale & Gambaga (in Gbegãdzi Central District) and Damango (in Savannah District). | 100km

25 | Government of Ghana - Feb 2021 Statement to Members of Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

PROCEEDINGS CONCERNING AGRICULTURAL PROPERTIES

4 Self-published books

5 Great opportunities for men and women

8 Promoting good governance and good governance practices

Secondary school students are implementing COVID-19 prevention measures.

37. In order to achieve universal access to literacy by 2020, the Government has implemented a new curriculum for primary and secondary schools, which was introduced in 2017.

• Initiated a national educational campaign to inform 153,000 primary and secondary school classrooms of the new educational policy across the country. 290 school principals were invited to participate in the campaign to inform them of the new educational policy;

• Examined the books that students read from various libraries and selected 956 of them for use in the Study Guide. The Director and his staff referred the Study Guide to the Second Working Party of the Study Guide, SHS and JHS, for use;

• The addition of 20 new libraries throughout the country, bringing the total number of national libraries to 90, and the renovation of 10 secondary school libraries and 33 secondary school libraries to promote reading, writing and literacy;

• Distribution of 157,000 books to assist priests in their work on the New Testament to priests nationwide, with the assistance of 4,086 library assistants to assist in the distribution.

26 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Report to Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

Others in larger and smaller regions contributed 152,000 employees to work on the new concept;

• Distributed 840 laptops, 350 notebooks and 2,000 laptop cases to school principals to assist them in their tasks;

• The implementation of the Higher Secondary Education Strategy resulted in an increase in the number of secondary school students participating in the Strategy, from 813,448 schools in 2016/2017 to 1,200,580 schools in 2019/2020; and

• Increase the number of campuses to accommodate secondary school pupils under the Higher Secondary Education Act:

o 539 of the 1,119 secondary schools inaugurated in 2017 were completed; and

28 secondary schools in different districts were surveyed in the context of the Pre-Secondary Schools Survey.

38. In 2021, the Government will:

• A total of 11,997 pupils from Grade 8 to Grade 6 will be enrolled in the Physical Education Survey and 95,000 pupils will be enrolled in the JHS and SHS Physical Education Surveys.

• Conduct a first survey of secondary and upper secondary school students in all primary schools nationwide;

• Continue to incorporate the schools in which vocational training is taught into the Secondary Education Board;

• 20 of the nationally designated ‘STEAM’s’ are in the field of Astronomy, Technology, Machine Science, Information Science and Computation.

27 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Report to Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

NUWUWU

39. In February 2021, the Government will continue to support housing, development, youth, business and self-employment initiatives. Therefore, we are asking all citizens to take their part and help the Government to make Ghana a country of progress so that the benefits of our economic reforms reach everyone.

40. God Bless Our Country Ghana!

28 | Government of Ghana - Feb 2021 Statement to Members of Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

Understanding the specifics of the paper

Nuto Sue State Court of Appeals: The establishment of courts and arbitration offices to promote the nation’s interests in arbitration and arbitration proceedings. The purpose of this organization is to facilitate the movement of labour to the country for the benefit of the citizens.

Responsibility: It is the duty of the government to be accountable to the people about its actions, the performance of the state's obligations and responsibilities arising from its responsibilities.

Wages and salaries: The system by which the Government pays wages and salaries to government offices.

Reduction of pain: how to reduce a pain or anxiety.

Astronomy, Engineering, Machine Science, Physics, and Chemistry: These disciplines are essential to the study and application of science and technology.

Resolution: Resolution refers to the government’s arrangements for where and how money is to be collected. For example, a family may arrange to collect money from the home and how it is to be used (e.g., housing, sanitation, water and food). If the family is in need of money, it may be necessary to cut back on or reduce its contributions.

The reasoning behind the policy: This happens if the government does more for the individual than it receives or if the income it earns is greater than the income it receives.

Government-sponsored developments: This is the government-sponsored implementation of major developments such as public transportation, schools, offices, hospitals, transportation, health care, roads, etc.

Government Employees' Wages: Wages of Government Employees: These include the wages of government employees and other wages paid by the State to government employees, wages paid by the State to government employees who are entitled to Social Security benefits, allowances, etc.

29 | Government of Ghana - Feb 2021 Statement to Members of Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

Developing countries: These are countries and organizations that provide assistance to developing countries to achieve their development goals. Developing countries can be central banks or groups of countries. For example, the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank (AfDB) and others. The developing country can be a single country. For example, Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States of America (USA) and others.

The value of things at the end of the year: How things are valued at the end of the year or on Yom Kippur.

Increased Corruption: This occurs when the laws governing the government are more corrupt than the laws governing the economy.

ESLA Law: Law on Land Use and Electricity Use

Exploitation: The practice of exploiting people in the interests of a particular place.

Secondary Education Board: The Secondary Education Board appointed by the Government of Ghana in the presence of President Nana Akufo-Addo at the 2017 Annual General Assembly invites first-year students who have successfully completed the previous examination to attend the Secondary Education Board.

The Law of Debt: This is the law governing the receipt and management of the State's debts.

Taxes paid to the State: These are the various contributions that are paid to the State by the developers for the development of their projects. In most cases, these taxes are not paid by the State.

Government payments to government offices: This includes payments made by the Government to the District Assemblies’ Common Fund (DACF), the Teachers’ Fund, the Ghana Education Trust Fund (GETFUND), the Momeminyawo Fund and the Dukoa Education Trust Fund, among others.

30 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Annual Report to Members

Story: The narrative focuses on the adventures of the protagonists, their fate and their destiny.

Cultural Festival: This is the festival of all events and activities that take place in the country at a particular time.

The State's obligations: This is the state's obligation to provide for the supply of goods and services from the state at a specific time. It is also the state's obligation to provide for the supply of food, in comparison with other states.

Cultural value: This is the value of goods and services at a particular time.

The National Plan for the Elimination of Poverty: The National Plan for the Elimination of Poverty (NPP) is one of the key government initiatives aimed at eliminating poverty and reducing inequality between the poor and the rich, especially for the benefit of the children of the villages.

Land owned by the State: This is land owned by the State, reserves and agencies that are responsible for carrying out the duties entrusted to the State for the performance of its duties. These reserves may be national or foreign.

The objectives of the publication: These are the principles that guide the publication work. For example, the publication’s sustainability, the importance of contracts, the changes in the terms of employment and trade with other countries. The success or failure of the national publication and other arrangements made by the Ghanaian Publications Authority to promote the publication in the country.

In the case of the United States, the United States Department of Commerce is responsible for the taxation of the profits generated by companies that are registered in the U.S. territory.

Responsibility for Unauthorized Activities: This is the part of the government's responsibility to an agency or person that deals with the conduct of unauthorized activities.

The Observer's Perspective on Disasters: This refers to the arrangements in place to mitigate the consequences of certain events.

31 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Report to Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

Employment of Dominicans: This is a scheme established by the Government of Ghana for the employment of Dominicans who have graduated from universities to address social issues in the Government and diplomatic offices in order to enhance their capacity to promote the national interests.

The Office for the Monitoring of Children’s Rights and Rights of Minors: This is a non-governmental agency under the authority of the Office for the Monitoring of Children’s Rights and Rights of Minors. Its mission is to promote children’s rights and rights of minors.

The Government’s Total Expenditure on Public Services: The total expenditure of the Government on public services that does not include the expenditure on public services; this also takes into account the value of public services.

Non-recurring expenses: These are the government's non-recurring expenses. For example, licenses and fees paid for the performance of public duties.

Public Interest Claims: This is in line with the Public Interest Claims Act 2016 and the Public Interest Claims Act 2016, as amended by the Public Interest Claims Act 2016 and the Public Interest Claims Act 2016.

Non-performing loans: These are loans that are due if the Government is in a position to pay the loans in the current financial year (if the Government is not in a position to pay the loans in the current financial year). Usually, these loans are assessed on the basis of a percentage of the total amount of the country's loans.

Government Accountability and Governance Board: The purpose of this board is to promote the accountability, transparency and accountability of the Government of Ghana. This board will ensure that the Government accounts are properly managed, that accounts and finances are managed in the best possible way and that the implementation of certain measures is carried out in compliance with the rules and regulations on which they are based.

32 | Government of Ghana - Annual Report 2021 to Members of Parliament

Story: A narrative about the origins, fate, and fate of the protagonists.

Growth of Ghanaian newspapers: How Ghanaian newspapers have grown over the past year.

PFI Policy: The Policy of the Offices of the President in Foreign Countries

National Revenues: This is the total of revenues that the State receives from the nation and the provinces for the performance of its functions.

Animal Husbandry: The Government of Ghana has adopted a policy to promote animal husbandry, which aims to improve the quality of livestock and reduce the consumption of animals and animal products from farms, and to promote animal husbandry-related activities.

The National Assembly of the Republic: This is the assembly of the people of the Republic, from the sea and from the land.

Social security: This is a benefit that the government gives to citizens annually to help them deal with their social problems.

Perception: This is the perception of something.

Information: This is the Government's decision to inform the public of its work at the best time to inform the public of the Government's work.

Philosophy and theology: These are the living and non-living, human and non-human things that philosophers deal with in their teachings in order to achieve the goals and objectives of the doctrine.

Public Works and Services: The Government's expenditure on its public works and services in accordance with the provisions of the national budget.

Value Added Tax (VAT): Tax charged on the sale of goods or the performance of services.

33 | Government of Ghana - 2021 Report to Parliament

No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance