Ye’ nse se, nse se o

ANANSE SEE O’KO PE ’KWASEA, NANSO ONO ARA NA OYEE ’KWASEA

10:10 And the angel of the LORD said unto him, "Behold, I am with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I Anene said to Ananse, “Give me a piece of meat, and you will eat it.” Ananse said, “I will eat it, and you will eat it.” Ananse said to Anene, “Give me a piece of meat, and you will eat it.” Ananse said, “I will eat it, and you will eat it.” Ananse said to Anene, “Give me a piece of meat, and you will eat it.” Ananse said, “Give me a piece of meat, and you will eat it.” Ananse said, “Give me a piece of meat, and you will eat it.” Ananse said, “Give me a piece of meat, and you will eat it.” Ananse said, “Give me a piece of meat, and you will eat it.” Ananse said, “Give me a piece of meat, and you will eat it.” Ananse said, “Give me a piece of meat, and you will eat it.” Ananse said, “Give me a piece of meat, and you will eat it.” Ananse se, "Kwasea, wo se wo nim nyansa, na wo' wuo no." Ananse we'e nsoa no, Anene se, "Ma me mfa nsoa, me nko nsuom' na w'afa no bere." Ananse se, "Dabi, na me'de'ko, na w'afa no bere." Ye'ko duruu nsuo nom'; Anene se, "Agya Ananse aboa bi wo nsuom' na ma me nsim' me mfa nsoa yi nnum', na abane ka me, w'afa ne wuo." Ananse se, "A! wo bu me 'wasea pa, me, me de'ko gum' na oka me, w'afa no wuo." Ananse de nsoa no ko guum', na ye'baa 'fie. Adeekyeye, ye'ko fwee nsoa, na ayi tunani biyu. Anene see, "Ananse, you are two, and I am one, and I will die." Ananse see, "A! akoa yi, you are my father; you are two, and I am one, and I will die." Anene faye. Adeekyeye, you are two. Anene see, "You are two, and I am one, and I will die." Ananse see, "You are my father, and you are one, and I am one, and I will die." Adeekyeye ye'koye, and you are one. Anene see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "I and you will be my friends, your father will be my father, and I will kill you." After that, Ananse said, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and I will kill you." Ananse see, "Father, let me take you to my place, and And he asked, "Where is the fish, you know the fish's mother?" Ananse answered. Odekuro said, "Where is the fish, you know the fish's mother?" Odekuro said, "Where is the fish, you know the fish's mother?" Ananse said, "Where is the fish, you know the fish's mother?" Odekuro said, "Where is the fish, you know the fish's mother?" Ananse said, "Where is the fish, you know the fish's mother?" Odekuro said, "Where is the fish, you know the fish's mother?" Ananse said, "Where is the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish, you know the fish

I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you.