Ye' nse se, nse se o

SEDIE EYOYE A YEDI NSEMMONE ESUM' SO SEDIE EYOYE A NKODA GORO BAA OSRAMSO SEDIE EYOYE A YEDI ASEM OWIA SO

NYANKONPON's sons, Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' nephews, and Nyankonpon's sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' nephews' sons, and Nyankonpon's sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, and Owia. And his sons' sons, and Esum, Osrane, Ananse said five times, na obisaa ne ho see, "Me nnim ne trim' asem nsoso me se me nim." Na gorou nomna nyina ntakra bi, na ode tolua ne ho, na otuye besii gyedua so Nyankonpon kurom'. Na nkorofuo hunou anoma no ye'nnyina yee "Ye e e!" Na Nyankonpon firi 'fie baa gyedua no ase na okaye se, "Ananse wo ho a, anka obehunu anoma yi din, na maka se, Owia na me pe se me de no ye ohene, na ma ka se hwane na onim me trim' asem, na Ananse se ono a', na ma punu akonnua, efei ma kotu odee a yi fre no 'kintinkyi', na dee obehunu edin abo no, o'na me de me ma no. I don't want my son to die, and I don't want him to see this farm." And when the farmers came to see him, he went to the farm, and he said to Esum, "W'agya se me ne wo mmera." And Esum said, "Oye, me ne wo be ko." And Ananse said, "Me'ko ma ko fa Osrane ne Owia." And Esum said, "I don't want a bad thing to happen to you." And Ananse said, "Ho!" Esum went to the farm and went to Ananse. And he went to the farm, and he said, "I don't want Osrane to die." After 'Srane kurom'no, na osee, "W'Agya se me ne wo mmera." Na 'Srane see, "Eye, me ko." Na Ananse see, "Me'ko Owia kurom' ma ko fa no." Na Osrane see, "Ma me mpe biribiri mma wo ndi." Na Ananse see, "Ho!" Na Osrane too apesie maa no die. Na Ananse siim' koo Owia kurom'. Before a oko duruu Owia kurom' no, oka kyeree no se, "W'Agya se me ne wo mmera." Na Owia see, "Eye, me ne wo be ko na ma me mpe biribiri mma wo ndi." Na Ananse see, "Ho!" Na Owia ko kyeree odwan. Then, he said to Ananse, "I want to take my father's place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place, and he will take my place Na Ananse see, "Ma ye'nko dua so." Na ye'koye no, na Ananse see Owia se, "W'agya apunu a konnua bi wo ho, na ope se wo na obema w'adi akonnua no, na wako tu odee bi da ho na wo huno 'din bo a, ode akonnua no be ma wo; na ede, 'Kintinkyi.' Na sedee ebeyo a wo were'mfi no, me twa twenesin ama wo, na maye mpintini ma ka ho, na se ye ka twene no ne mpintini no a, enee wo were'mfi da, na twene no ka se:

'We're going!

We're going to get out!'

Each subscriber has the right to:

'Kintinkyi bomo!

Kintinkyi we will!'"

And he said, "I am the son of Nyankonpon." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Nyankonpon." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And he said, "I am the son of Osrane, and I am the son of Esum." And Ananse and Okyeame believed that, "The one who sent me, I will be his father." And Nyankonpon said, "My mother, let me know that I will not be his father; let me know that I will not be his father, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son, and let me know that I will not be his son." Na nkorofuo nyina kadi se, "Ye e e e!" Na Nyankonpon see, "Me 'ba a oto so awiri na Osrane, nti ommo din." Na Osrane see, "Eye Asante 'dee." Ye kadi se, "Ye e e e!" Nyankonpon see, "Me 'ba a oka ho mmiensa na Owia, nti ommo din." Na okasa ne nente nnyam' na agoro no gu so:

"Kintinkyi we will!

Kintinkyi we will!"

And Ananse stood up, and Owia stood up, and read to him, and said, "Oh, my God, my Father is with me, and I am with him, and he is with me, and I am with him, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, and he is with me, And your son also made me to asem me keere you, you were mmfi; w’atie m’fotuo, because you made you to be ohene; everybody wants asem, it’s yours, the office and the efisem and the yedi nocturno, ennye fwe. And your son that I made you, to your father, to ’sarane pe se obe fa so, kontonkurowie small made you, and wamfa ne ho amme ka you; and the efisei also osuo munae, Nyankonpon little, and your son that he hye your ase no nhunu se me to, e’myiri mmefa yen. And your son also, this asem na ye fre no Nyankonsem, ’san se Ananse ahunu me tirim’ said, ye’mfre no Anansesem.”

I'm trying to remember it, I'm trying to remember it, I'm trying to remember it, I'm trying to remember it, I'm trying to remember it, and I'm trying to remember it.