Ye’ nse se, nse se o

SE YOYE A AWAREGYAYEE BAA MANM’

Obofuo Kwasi Gyaba siim’ koo wuram’. Obefwe se adowa e’twam’. Osee, “Adowa yi, die wo beda, me ne wo beda.” Adowa ko tsayaa dua bi ase. Omaa etuo so pam! Onini firii he, firii he o, na wabu agu adowa so; na osebo so ahuri asi no so. Obofuo bataa ho komm. Ose, “E! Obofuo Kwasi Gyaba siim’ koo wuram’. Obefwe se adowa e’twam’. Osee, “Adowa yi, die wo beda, me ne wo beda.” Obofuo Kwasi Gyaba siim’ koo wuram’. Obefwe se adowa e’twam’. Osee, “Adowa yi, die wo beda, me ne wo beda.” Adowa ko tsayaa dua bi ase. Omaa etuo so pam! Onini firii he, firii he o, na wabu agu adowa so; na osebo so ahuri asi no so. Obofuo bataa ho komm. Ose, “E! Obofuo Kwasi Gyaba siim’ koo wuram’. Obefwe se adowa e’twam’. Osee, “Obofuo Kwasi Gyaba siim’ koo wuram’. Obefwe se adowa e’twam’. Osee, “Obofuo Kwasi Gyaba siim’ koo wuram’. Obefwe se adowa e’twam’. Osee, “Obofuo Kwasi Gyaba siim’ koo wuram’. Obefwe se adowa e’twam’. Osee, “Obofuo Kwasi Gyaba siim’ koo wuram’. Obefwe se adowa e’twam’. Osee, “Obofuo Kwasi Gyaba siim’ koo wuram’. Obefwe se adowa e’twam’. Osee, “Obofuo Kwasi Gyaba siim’ koo wuram’. Obefwe se adowa e’twam’. Osee, “Obofuo Kwasi Gyaba siim’ koo wuram’. Obefwe se adowa e’twam 10:12 And he said to them, "Why do you say to me, 'There is no God but you,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, 'There is no God but I,' and, ' 10:12 And the angel of the LORD came to him, and said unto him, 10:13 "Behold, I am with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will be with thee, and I will The following is a summary of the results of the survey:

“Na me’beka m’awu o, Kwasi Gyaba e!

And I’ve put my hands on you, ay’a, my back.

Kwasi Mpuroko Gyaba, na okoro no, Ay’a, nsu me.” Nyankonpon mpan’infuo see, “Mo ntie daduani no dwom a o’too.” Ye’de Kwasi Gyaba baa Nyankonpon anim’. Okyeame soe, osee, “Kwasi Gyaba, w’ase se w’asere no na ampa, ana se oboa?” Kwasi Gyaba se, “Nana aduro bi na me wo, ma se me kyere ase, mewu.” Nyankonpon se, “Me ’bofuo ne wo, nti me’mma wo nnwu.” N’ase se, “Nana oboa; sere’a na oseree me, nti gye se okyere me asee.” Okyeame se, “Kwasi Gyaba w’ate?” Kwasi Gyaba se, “Enee me sere amena, na me wu a, ye’de me atom’.” N’ano siye pe, Akokonini na Akokobedee baye; na Akokonini ka kyeree Akokobedee se, “Gyina ho na me mforo wo.” Akokobedee se, “Aden, people anim’ ha?” Akokonini se, “Se w’annyina ho, mekatam se fa wo ho.” Ye and Kwas I Gyaba teye. Ono’so eho ara osee, “Nana Nyame, ma ye’nnyae amena no bo, na me wo asem meka.” Nyame see, “Ka e!” Kwasi Gyaba see, “Me ka ntam se m’ase yi omfa ne ’ba.” Mpan’infuo nyina see, “Nokore, nokore, asem asa.” Eho ara na Nyame hyee malamulo se, “Whenever wo yonko dwan wo ho a, ka tima gu no so, ana se wo ye’ ye sa a, tima gya no awaree.” Ati ne sesaba awaregyayee aba member’. Na Akokonini na ye’suaa no.

I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it.