Ye' nse se, nse se o

KOKOSAKYI (OPETE) KASA KYERE 'BONEKYEREFO A, OTE NO ABEBUOM'

'Bonekyerefo na owoo ho, na ye'besee no se n'aberewa awu. 'Bonekyerefo suye, suye, suye, na osiim' kosere seree Kokosakyi, Akoko, Odwan, Okra ne 'Kraman se ye'mma yenko gya no oni ayie. Mmoa no nyina siim'; na ye'ne no kuno. Ye'ko duru, na y'aye ayie no awa, ato se ye'bedware. Ye'ko ka kyeree 'Bonokyerefo se, "Dware ma yen so ye'nnware bi." 'Bonekyerefo see, "Me, m'aberewa da fam', me nni adaduanan nana a, me'nnware da." Ne nnamfonom se, "Amanee a y'ahuno ni?" Ye'sore da a, na ayase e'te, na 'Bonekyerefo so die, ne ho dendenden. Dakoro bi, Kokosakyi see, "A! 'Bonekyerefo no no, me nim no; sese oni amu no na osore ko wee." Anwumere Kokosakyi tuu fa ko sii dua tenten bi so, wo samanpom' ho, obefwe se 'Bonekyerefo na kokota! kokota! Na obaye, na oko amu-kofie so, dwiri! dwiri! na wayi oni amu na oko ho, o'we. Opete si ho. Osee, "'Bonekyerefo, mo! ye'da w'ase mumu aseda." 'Bonekyerefo see, "Me sere wo, yeidie mmo so; asem bira a wo beka akyere me, mete asee mama wo ntem." Opete tuu fa baa 'fie. Ankyere na 'Bonekyerefo baye. You want to ask your friend, "I've been there before, it's big; you've been there before, it's small." The woman says, "But?" The man says, "I've been there before, I've been there before." The man says, "I've been there before, I've been there before." The man says, "I've been there before, I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before, and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I've been there before and I' He said, "Kokosakyi kasa kyere 'Bonekyerefo a, ote no abebuom'."

I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you.