Ye’ nse se, nse se o

SE YOYE A AKYINNYEE BAA ’MANM’

Otwe see, “Agya Kyiriakyinnyee w’abe abere.” Kyiriakyinnyee see, “Sa na abe no etee; abedee no ebere abemu mmiensa; na me nu a, na me ye no ’be a, and nono nsu’hina mmiensa; na me de ko Akase, mako to Akase ’berewa; Akase ’berewa abewo nana, ama nana abewo ena, ama ena abewo me; ena woo me na me tsaya ho.” Otwe see, “Yei dee wo boa.” And Kyiriakyinnyee de aba boo Otwe ti, na okuu no. And Abedee so aba. And the angel of the Lord answered and said unto me, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” And the angel of the Lord answered and said, “I am the Lord, the God of Israel.” Ananse se, “Agya Kyiriakyinnyee w’abe abere.” Kyiriakyinnyee se, “Sa na eberee, na ebere ’bemu mmiensa; abedee no, na me nu, na me ye no ’be a, and nsu’hina mmiensa; na me de ako Akase mako to Akase ’berewa; Akase ’berewa abewo nana, ama nana abewo ena, ama ena abewo me. Ena woo me, na me tsaya ho.” Ananse se, “Woe, nokere na me, me wo nuama bi si m’afuom’, se ’so a, me toa nkotokoro aduoson nson, nsoso enuru so, nsoso me da ayeya a, me timi de me kote me te.” Kyiriakyinnyee se, “E! “There’s nothing wrong with it, but it’s not a good idea.” “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, Aga, nora okoo babi, na ne kotem' buu ahodoo imin, na ode maa otomfuo, na wanwie, na ose o'ko wie, na Aga, w'annhuno blood 'kwan so?" Kyiriakyinnyee see, "Me hunoye." Kyiriakyinnyee see, "Na wo 'ni so wo he?" Osee, "Eno so nora okoo asuo, nkra n'ahina e'firi abo; okame, kame, wanwie kame, na ose o'ko wie kame." Kyiriakyinnyee anka fwe. Efei na Ananse baye. Osee, "Mo nnoa adue mma Kyiriakyinnyee nni." Nkoda no e'noa adue no, na y'ako fa apatere bako pe, ne mmeko bebre; ye'de aye nkwan yayaya. Ye'wieye, ye'de be sii Kyiriakyinnyee anim'. Kyiriakyinnyee die. And he said, "Where is the tree?" And he said, "The tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide, and seven feet high, and seven feet wide, and seven feet high; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet wide; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the tree is seven feet tall, and seven feet tall; and the "Why do you want me to be your son?" Ananse said, "I want you to be my son." Kyiriakyinnyee said, "Why do you want me to be your son?" Ananse said, "You want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son?" Kyiriakyinnyee said, "I want you to be my son, so why do you want me to be your son?" Ananse said, "I want you to be my son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son, so why do you want me to be your son?"

I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you.