Ye’ nse se, nse se o

OBA ‘KWASEA ENNI OMANM’

There was an old man who had six sons. The old man said something. He didn’t know anything, he said to the old man, “You’re not the only one who’s gone, because you’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone, because you’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone, because you’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone, because you’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone, because you’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone, because you’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone, because you’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone, because you’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s gone.” And the old man said, “You’re the only one who’s She said to her mother, “Mom, I don’t know who you are, but I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I don’t know who you are, but I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are my mother.” She said to her mother, “Mom, I know you are And then there was a time when one of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na moafon seyie?” One of them said, “Aden na

“Ena woo me ’Kwasea ’ba, Hurotom.

Agya woo me ’Kwasea ’ba, Hurotom.

Ena woo me gindintwie, Hurotom. Ena woo me gindintwie, Hurotom.

Ena woo me 'Kwasea 'ba, Hurotom.

Ena woo me gengentwie, Hurotom."

Mmoatia adi agoro abere, na 'bazua 'ba ka kyeree no se, "Bra ma yenko nkogye wo tiri nwi." O'ne no duruu 'fie; osee, "Fa me tiri nwi sisi so ma me nko." 'Kwasea 'ba so see, "Wo so m'anwea a w'atiatiam', kata kata so ansa na me de wo tiri nwi atuatua so." Mmoatia koo ho; okata yei so a, na watiatiam' bio. Efei dee bibytia kata a enkata. Osee, "Agya me mpe asem, me de wo 'ni ho kye no, me so fa me ho kye me, ma me nko." 'Kwasea 'ba see, "Kore, me so m'afa eno." Efei dee, oni ko guu nkotodwe see, "Me da w'ase, me da w'ase, na se 'ba 'wasea enni manm." So na ye'se wo wo mma a, te w'ani fwe yen yie, na wo nnim dee dakye ehia wo a obefwe woo.

I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you.