Ye' nse se, nse se o

SE YOYE A NTORO ANINIE BAA 'MANM'

OBARIMA bi, obofuo, na one ne ye' tenaa akuram', na onyinseneye, na omwana no ntimi nfwe no yie, na oba no koo Nyankonpon ho se, "Me'ba m'abe ne wo abo nsee, na se me wo a, w'afa me 'ba aware." Nyankonpon so peneeso. Na osan ko ne 'Sebo boo nsee, se die obenya nam awe. Osebo nso peneeso. Na obeboo no kunu amanee. Osebo nyaa nam a na ode bi abre n'ase. Na Nyankonpon nso nyaa nam a, ode bi abre n'ase. Ye'de sa, fwee oba no maa no woye. Na Nyankonpon so de bi baa sara. Ye'tetee no maa onyinii yie kama. Na efei wakyema, na ye'ko boo Nyankonpon amanee. Ye'ko boo Osebo so amanee. Nyankonpon maa ye'de nakuaa bree ne yere bewoo no brato. Na Osebo nso bewoo ne ye' brato; na ode dwete ka' kaa ho. Na ye'yee nakuaa nyina wieye. Na Osebo nnim se Nyankonpon yere no no; na Nyankonpon soso nnim se Osebo yere no no. And then Osebo went; and he said, "W'aye me kwaa, nti me'nnye wo fwe, na wo 'ba, dwete ka' a me de ama no, megye m'adie." He put his hands on his shoulders, and his feet on his knees, and he went up to his knees. And then, Nyankonpon made the people see it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they saw it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it and they knew it And one of the officers said, “The boy you were with, put your hand on his neck, and say, ‘If Adae to Kwasiada, ’Dwoada your son isn’t with you, he’ll be with Nyankonpon, and he’ll be a little boy’.” Ye’boo the officer believed. Adeekyeye took an anopa and an ofufuu ’to, and caught his nose. Osee, “Me’ko eno ho, ako boaboa me ho.” One of the officers said, ‘Tadee bi, na Onini dam’. The officer said, “Why do you have a son and a daughter?” And one of the officers believed his mother. Onini said, “You don’t have anything, and you want to go?” Osee, “I’ve got your nose.” And Onini went. And Onini threw his hand on his neck, and one of the officers said, “Put your hand on your neck, my lord.” And he went away. And he looked, and saw, and said, “Yeh!” And he said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and saw, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and saw, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said, “Yeh!” And he looked, and said “Edi adaduanan, na okraa ne nkrofuo se o’ko oni kurom’. Na ofufuu ’to pi, ne nkosua oha, na osiim’ ko duruu Onini ho. Na oka kyeree no se, “Nne na me’beda w’ase; akoda no ni.” Na ode nkosua ne eto kaa ho. Na Onini see, “Me so me’nnkum akoda yi, na fre no Aniniwa, na mma me din mera da.” Na ode Onini ase; na osiim’ baa ’fie. Ene se Aninie baa ’manm’.

I'm trying to remember it, I'm trying to remember it, I'm trying to remember it, I'm trying to remember it, I'm trying to remember it, and I'm trying to remember it.