SEDIE OKOTO ’BENYA ABINA, NA ABEREWA ’SO EBENYA EDWINO

OBA bi na wawo no ’ba; osoma no a, ose, “Mennko.” Ose, “Tena ho, ne wo ’pan’in.” Da osoma no a, ose, “Mennko.” Na dabi dee ose, “Ko sa nsuo b’re me.” Ose, “Mennko.” Na n’Aberewa no boroo no, na osee, “Tena ho na wo behu.” Na akoda no kaa se, “Me ko mako pe ‘Mehu’ mafwe.” Na osii ’kwan so, na oka guum’ yiridi! yiridi! yiridi! Efei dee, oduruu kuro bi so obefwe se Aberewa bi na ote ho. Awono no no, osee otwe asan. And the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat.” And the angel said, “Aden and none of your adware, what are they?” And the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat.” And the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given you three things to eat,” and the angel said, “I have given And he went away; and the Aberewa said, “Sensen na fa si ’gya so.” And the osesen deed so, and ebinee, and ofwiee, and he went over to the Aberewa six’. And he said, “Ko ko'tia ko fwe apa so, na enam gu so, fwefwem’ yi dee ye ye akono.” And the accountant did so, and he went over to the Aberewa six’. And he said, “Ko ko'tia ko fwe apa so, na enam gu so, fwefwem’ yi dee ye ye akono.” And the accountant did so, and he went over to the Aberewa six’. And he said, “Ko ko'tia ko fwe apa so, na enam gu so, fwefwem’ yi dee ye ye akono.” And the accountant did so, and he went over to the Aberewa six’. And he said, “Ko ko'tia ko fwe apa so, na enam gu so, fwefwem’ yi dee ye ye akono.” And the accountant did so, and he went over to the Aberewa six’. And he said, “Ko ko'tia ko fwe apa so, na enam gu so, fwefwem’ yi dee ye ye akono.” And the accountant did so, and he went over to the Aberewa six’. And he said, “Ko ko'tia ko fwe apa so, na enam gu so, fwefwem’ yi dee ye ye akono.” And the accountant did so, and he went over to the Aberewa six’. And he said, “Ko ko'tia ko fwe apa so, na enam gu so, fwefwem’ yi dee ye ye akono.” And the accountant did so, and he went over to the Aberewa six’. And he said, “Ko ko'tia ko fwe apa so, na enam gu so, fwefwem’ yi dee ye ye akono.” And the accountant did so, and he went over to the Aberewa six’. And he said, “Ko ko'tia ko fwe apa so, na enam gu so, fwefwem’ yi dee ye ye akono.” And the accountant did so, and he went Aberewa see, "Wo no den, w'anwo no den a, wo mu ate." Na osii so, pi! pi! pi! na owieye na oguu so, 'de ko sii Aberewa ho. Aberewa see, "Me nana, bo me din na fa di." Ose, "Wo de nana Aberewa." Osee, "Ee! anhu anni e." Na Aberewa dii no nyina. Nnawotwe na oye no sa da. Na dakoro akoda no koo asuom' kosaa nsuo. Okoto huu no, osee, "Aden! obi 'ba, na w'afon se yie?" Osee, "Nana Aberewa bi a me ne no tie, me noa aduane ma no a, ose, 'Bo me din na fa di; me ka se, wo de nana Aberewa,' ose, 'Ee! Okoto see, "Ode Aberewa Mosono." Akoda no see, "Ho." Na osoaa n'ahina. Okoto see, "Wo koro yi, mma wo were mfi." Na akoda no sii so, oba nyina osee, "Aberewa Mosono, Mosono, Mosono." Obeduruu kurotia na ne were afi, na osuntii na ahina no boye, na okoo 'fie. Aberewa see, "Where's the chicken?" Osee, "My son, and I'm going, and they." Osee, "Take another one." And he came; and Okoto see, "Seisei w'aba?" And osee, "Edin that you gave me, and I'm going to eat, and my son will eat." Okoto see, "Ode Aberewa Mosono." And osee, "Ho." Oko 'fie mother and mother, koduruu 'fie and osoee. Aberewa see, "Ko tu bayere bra." Oyee sara bio, na ode aduane besii Aberewa anim' na Aberewa see, "Bo me din na fa di." Osee, "Wo de nana Aberewa." Osee, "Me se me din pa." Osee, "Wo din pa?" Aberewa see, "Ae!" Osee, "Wo de Aberewa Mosono." Nana Aberewa see, "Fa di." Na akoda fa diiye, na Aberewa sii kwanso, na osee, "Me ko pe abantu koro a oka kyeree wo se me de Mosono." Na okoo asuom', ko too Obonto Ya, na osee, "Wo, 'Bonto 'ni, wo 'Bonto'se, na wo ka kyeree me nana akoda se me de Mosono?" Osee, "Nye me a." Aberewa be fwe se Adwen' na owo ho yi, osee, "Wo adwen' 'ni, 'ni, 'ni, wo adwen''se, 'se,'se, wo na wo ka kyeree me nana akoda se me de Mosono?" Osee, "Nye me a." Ofwee se Okoto na ote ho yi. Osee, "Wo Okoto 'ni, 'ni, 'ni, wo Okoto'se,'se,'se, wo na wo see me nana akoda se me to Nkran, odehyee 'ba, me din de Mosono?" Okoto see, "Ae! me na me ka kyeree no, na aden na w'ama obi ba afon se yie?" Na Aberewa bo fuye na no kora a efua no, omaa so, na oto boo Okoto. Ene se Okoto nyuma abina. Na nkra yayi no na nkra Okoto nyuma abina nni ho. Na Okoto soso tee hyire na ono so to boo Aberewa mpampam'. Ene se mmerewa mpampam' edwino. I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it.