Ye' nse se, nse se o

SEDEE OKRA, DA YE'BE HUNO NO NA ODA MPIKYI SOO, NA'KRAMAN SO OBEDA ASOMOROFI

Ye'se oba bi na owo ho, owo a, na wawu, owo a, na wawu. Na osiim' koo 'bosom bi ho ko biye se ope awoo. Obosom see, "Mema wo bi, na akoda, ekabo nko'a kazi na obeye ama wo, na dabi obetua 'ka." Annyinu, annyinu na oba no nyinseneye. Oyeanansesem 'ba, onkye nen—na akoda ye aberantee kama. Dakoro bi owo ho, osee, "Eno, ma me sika me nko Nsuano nko to nkyene." One see, "Meehe?" One see, "Asuanu." And one de ama no, and osiim' koreye. And one'koro, okokutana na mwanaume na ne 'kramani bi ho mpampa. Osee, "Fa no ma me nto." Okraman lord see, "Wo ntimi nto." Akoda no see, "Meehe?" Okraman lord see, "Asuanu." Osee, "Eye deen! asuanu gye." Ogyee 'kraman, and ode no baa 'fie. Obaye no na see, "Aden, w'annu?" Osee, "Me de sika no ato 'kraman." Oni see, "Ho!" Efei owo ho, ebeye osrane bako. Osee, "Eno, ma me sika me nko bata." Osee, "Wo nokwa no wo'begye sika account agu bi, and meehe na wo pe?" Osee, "Asuanu ne suru." Osee, "Gye e." And ode sii bata kwan so. O'koro'a, and oko yakutana na mwanaume mmoja na ofua ajijamoa. Osee, "'Barima fa atenkyema yi ma me nto." Osee, "Me danm' me da a, na nkurae'we me nan, nti na me too no." Osee, "Me sere wo fa no ma me." Osee, "Wo 'ntimi nto." Akoda no see, "Meehe na wo de no begye?" Osee, "Asuanu ne suru." Osee, "Yei nti ni, gye e." Akoda no gee 'kra no, de no koo 'fie. Oduruu 'fie, osee, "Eno dee m'akoto ni o!" Osee, "E! se ye'kaye." Akoda no wo ho. He said, "Ma me sika me nko bata." He said, "Me ho sika nyina asa, dee aka ene asuasa, me de ’ma wo yi, se wo ko na w’ammfa ankoto mpoma a, na asem asa." The captain said, "M’ate." Adeekyeye omaa ne boto so, na pa! oko. O’koro’a, oko kutana na Asantekwa bi, na ofua Aburuburo. Osee, "Damfo, fa w’aboa yi ma me nto." Osee, "Me nnton no, na me goro no ho." Osee, "Meto." Anoma wura see, "Me nnton no, na me nim dee obeye ama me." The captain said, "O! fa no ma me." Osee, "Wo betimi ato?" The captain said, "Meehe?" Osee, "Asuasa." Osee, "Yei nti ni, gye e." Ode anoma no baa ’fie. One see, “Anye yie, dee wo de aba ni?” Osee, “Dee me de aba no no.” The dog looked at him, and Aburuburo afre said, “Bra!” Then, na Aburuburo ka kyeree the dog said, “Me ye ohene me kurom’, na me se me’betu ’kwan na akoa bi bekyeree me na wo so w’adaworoma, wo so w’ato me, na me sere wo, se wo de me ko me kurom’ a, nkra ye’beda w’ase dodo.” The dog see, “Wo boa, na wo bedwane.” Aburuburo see, “Se wo nhunom’, fa homa so me gya’, and fa me ko.” The dog went to the man’s shoe go’, and he walked a little behind him to Aburuburo kurom’. He’duruu nkatia, and the dog e’si nte. Ye’hunoo the dog, ye’see, “Ohene ni! “There’s nothing wrong with it!” The builder told the Corinthians, and the next day he said, “I’ll do it.” And the builder said, “I’ll do it.” And the builder said, “I’ll do it.” And the builder said, “I’ll do it.” And the builder said, “I’ll do it.” And the builder said, “I’ll do it.” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ll do it!” And the builder said, “I’ And he said, “Give this to me, and whatever you give, I will give it to you.” And he said, “Take it.” And he took the money and gave it to me. And I said, “Give this to me, and whatever you give, I will give it to you.” And he said, “Take it.” And he took the money and gave it to me. And I said, “Give this to me, and whatever you give, I will give it to you.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Take it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he said, “Give it to me.” And he gave it to me.” Osee, “Ka’, ma people mmera mmetena adan yim’!” And people aba. Omaa oni dii ’hema; ono so dii ’hene. Nso kasa ne no nyam’, na Ananse adamfo pa’ no no. Dakoro bi wo ho, na Kwaku Ananse siim’ baa akoda yi kurom’. Osee, “E! enoa ’ba, agyawa ’ba, wo na w’anya wo ho, na wo nfwefwe me, na eyee den na wo yee se yi?” Enee akoda boo no amanaye nyina. Ananse see, “O! And he said to them, “If you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth, and if you want to know the truth, you have to know the truth.” And the boy said to Ananse, “Anase’s father’s house where he was staying has been destroyed, and Ananse’s father’s house where Okra and Okraman are staying has been destroyed, and you’re not going to be able to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to be able to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to be able to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going to eat the fruits of the fields, and you’re not going Na ebio ye’se ode aduro af’ra odwannam de ato kwanm’, na nti mo duru ho a, mo mmfa, na mo ntera.” Okra se, “Okra w’ate, wo na wo bewe.” Okra se, “So'ho, na wo a 'ka kuma se wo de wo fwene hua hua.” Enee na aye akasakasa, na ye'wura se, “Aye yi na mo nko.” Mmoa no biyu siim’

Okra see, "Ma yenko na asem yi hia." Okra see, "Okra, me 'ntimi." Okra siim' Okra see, "Ma yenko na asem yi hia." Okra see, "Okra, me 'ntimi." Okra siim' Okra see, "Ma yenko na asem yi hia." Okra see, "Okra, me 'ntimi." Okra siim' Okra see, "Ma yenko na asem yi hia." Okra see, "Okra, me 'ntimi." Okra see, "Ma yenko na asem yi hia." Okra see, "Okra, me 'ntimi." Okra siim'

Na Okraman koo nam no ho; wee no nne; na oda ho; ontimi nko babiara bio. Na Okra adu Ananse kurom', akobutu Ananse dabere, ne pata so. Obutuu ho'a, obefwe se Akura e'sane. Ne tiri so, tee! Osee, "Nkyeme, na aden?" Osee, "Me wura ka' na ayera, na ye'se eda Ananse adaka a esi mfinfini deem', na se wo be timi akofa abere me a, enee megya wo." Akura see, "Me timi." Okra see, "Se me gya wo, na se wo ko na se w'amfa amma, na se wo dwane e?" Akura see, "Wo pe a, fa homa so m'asen'." Okra de homa soo n'asen'. Enee Akura koo Ananse danm', na oko bonee adaka a esi mfinfini no ho. Osee, "Wo da so da ha, na enam no wo he?" Okraman see, "A! me nhunuye, dabere nkrofuo a ye'de a, na y'abefa; na ka' no wo he?" Okra see, "Enie." Okraman see, "Asuo a eda kwanm', ye'se ayi', na wo so wo twa asuo a, wo nam asee, na ebeye na afiri ato, na fa ma me, na me dee wo nim se me nam ani." Okra see, "Ampa, gyee."

Ye'beduruu asuo no so, na 'kraman ahuri atom'. Okra sa'ra. Seisei Okra atwa. 'Kraman so duruu asuo mfinmfini, na wabere, na ose o'gu hom'kokoo, na ka' no afiri ato nsuom'.

Otwa baa dee Okra wo. Okra see, "Ka' no wo he?" Osee, "Afiri ato nsuom." Okra de ruwaka koo asuo nom'; obefwe se adwen' kakraka bi na e'twam'. Na Okra akye no. Adwene' no see, "Aden?" Osee, "Me ka' afiri ato asuo yim' seisei, nti wo mpe asem a, fa m'adee ma me seisei. W'ammfa amma me a, meku wo seisei. Adwen' see, "Ma yenko kokoo so, na me nko fa w'adee mma wo." One no duruu kokoo so, Adwen' no feye na ka' no afiri ato. Okra fa de baye bekyeree 'Kraman. 'Kraman see, "Agya, me sere wo, wo'koro yi, nko ka." Okra muaa n'ano. He's five 'feet tall, Okra and the walker thought, "Okraman, ye'koro, emno oko weyimi anko. Ebio, me ko faa ka' no de 'ba, Okraman ka kyeree me se, ona otwa asuo a onam ani nti me mfa ka' no mma no. Me de maa no na waba to atwene asuom'. Enna few minutes me nsa kaye." The people said to the mother, "Mo mpene Okra. E!" And the mother said, "Wo 'Kra dee, aduane a medie, esese me to bi to wo ayowam'. Kete so so se wo da so bi. Wo 'Kraman so so se asomorofi na eduru annight a, da. Gye ofwee na nkrofuo befwe woo." He se dabi'a wo behuno Okra na kete pa na oda soo. The elephants are the ones who are in charge of the farm. And the Ocrans, who are the ones who are in charge of the farm, are the enemies. The elephants are the ones who are in charge of the farm. Ose, "Go!" And the elephants are the ones who are in charge of the farm.

I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it.