Ye' nse se, nse se o

SE YOYE A ENAM ABEBUOM' OBI NYAA 'YERE NE NKWA

MMARIMA miensa na ye' wo ho, na ye'pe se ye'di'mɔ. Ye'koo Serem' ko tao nkyekye ne mpoa mpoa. Ye' de bi soaa ye'wofase na ye'ton. Na ye'koo kuro kesee bi so. Kuro no so 'Hema 'ba, ye'de no ma ẹnikan a, osee onware. Na ahohoo yi kiko, na Ohema 'ba no ko atamasie. 'Hema too sheep two de siee ne'ba. Na ne'ba no baye, wonoo men miensa. Oka kyeree n'aberewa se, "Nne na m'ahu dee me pe no, na kum 'dwan ma me nko kye yen." Ye'noaa aduane wieye, ababawa no ko faa fwedee, asa, bese, ne nkatee de guu aduane so, ko kyee men. And he said, "Let us eat, and let us drink." And when he came to the tax collector, the farmers said, "Let us eat, and let us drink." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let us drink, and let us drink." And he said, "Eat." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let us drink." And he said, "Eat." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let us drink." And he said, "Eat." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let us drink, and let us drink." And he said, "Eat." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let us drink." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let us drink." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let us drink." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let us drink." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let us drink, and let us drink." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let us drink." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let us drink, and let us drink." And the tax collector said, "Let us eat, and let us drink, and let 10:12 And the king of the Philistines said to him, "Is it true that the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee? 10:13 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee? 10:14 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:15 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:16 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:17 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:18 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:19 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:19 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:19 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:19 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:19 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:19 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:19 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:19 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 10:19 And the LORD, the God of your fathers, has sent me to thee. 1 Na dakoro bi ye'goro, na odii biyu preko, na nkrofuo no se yemmfa mma no se na ye'pe se ye'bo' no. Otwaa n'ani fwee n'aya, na wunoo se akoda bi te ho; ofaa 'boo de maa akoda no, ma ode ko maa ne ye'. Na ne yere gee 'boo no, oka kyeree oni se, "Me kunu pe se oko ne kurom', na ose anoma kyere asee a, ogye 'boo'. Na 'Hema kaa se, "O'koro a, wo ne no nko." Ampa’ra one no koree. Na ye’ko too Kwaku Susufuo wofanom. Then he said to the man, “Kwaku Susufuo, fa homa ma ye’nko wuram’, nko sum ’fidie se ye’benya aburuburo abesom wo ire hohoo.” And he said to the man, “Kwaku Susufuo, fa homa ma ye’nko wuram’, nko sum ’fidie se ye’benya aburuburo abesom wo ire hohoo.” And he said to the man, “Kwaku Susufuo, fa homa ma ye’nko wuram’, nko sum ’fidie se ye’benya aburuburo abesom wo ire hohoo.” And he said to the man, “Kwaku Susufuo, fa homa ma ye’nko wuram’, nko sum ’fidie se ye’benya aburuburo abesom wo ire hohoo.” And he said to the man, “Kwaku Susufuo, fa homa ma ye’nko wuram’, nko sum ’fidie se ye’benya aburuburo abesom wo ire hohoo.” And he said to the man, “Kwaku Susufuo, fa homa ma ye’nko wuram’, nko sum ’fidie se ye’benya aburuburo abesom wo ire hohoo.” And he said to the man, “Kwaku Susufuo, fa homa ma ye’nko wuram’, nko sum ’fidie se ye’benya aburuburo abesom wo ire hohoo.” And he said to the man, “Kwaku Susufuo, fa homa ma ye’nko wuram’, nko sum ’fidie se ye’benya aburuburo abesom wo ire hohoo.” And he said to the man, “Kwaku Susufuo, fa homa ma ye’nko wuram’, nko sum ’fidie se ye’benya aburuburo abesom wo ire hohoo.” And he said to the man, “Kwaku Susufuo, fa homa ma ye’nko wuram’ He’ne Kwaku Susufuo koree; he’ dʊruu kwanm’; he’ hurt it, and he’ka k’ere no se, “Ye’ ’ku wo.” And the other k’ere yen se, “Me koo me ire kurom’ m’ape sika bebre, se mo amma m’ankyere na me wu a, mo nnhu.” He’ asked her, “Sika no gu he?” She said, “Mo nko me ire ho, nko ka nkyere no se, m’ato nam na ye’se mperedwan ’du, na onfwe dwanyimba botom’; se ofwem’, na wanhu a, onfwe Krampan botom’; se wanhu’ a, onfwefwa asekantwam’.” And she also believed. One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck,” and the other said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s neck.” One of them said, “This is my mother’s ne

I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it.