SE’YOYE A OBONTO YA NENAM NSUOM’ KWA

He said, “A’, w’agu yen anim’ ase, nti dee ye bey akyere wo a wo behuno childim’ne se: ko fa yawa bra, na yen nyina yensu mama, na dee wanimi ansu ma no na ono na ofaye.” Ode yawa no baye; Okoto suu ma, yefwie guye; Mmobonse besui; Okawa besui; Oyoyo besui; Otidie besui; Obonko besui; Akorese besui; Opitire besui; Okobo besui; nsuom’mmoa nyina besui. Na nyuma’i Obonto Ya nso baye besui, wannya ’nisuo, na ye hunoe se: Obonto Ya na ofaye. And Nana Aberewa said, “I ’ennye wo fwe.” And the bird mother said, “Yenie ye bebo no, na wagu yen anim’ ase.” And the bird said, “I go wo abonterere, wo nenam kwa, obi mmpe wo aye fwe.” And the bird said, “I go wo abonterere, wo nenam kwa, obi mmpe wo aye fwe.” And the bird said, “Yenie ye bebo no, na wagu yen anim’ ase.” And the bird said, “I go wo abonterere, wo nenam kwa, obi mmpe wo aye fwe.” And the bird said, “I go wo abonterere, wo nenam kwa, obi mmpe wo aye fwe.” And the bird said, “I go wo abonterere, wo nenam kwa, obi mmpe wo aye fwe.” And the bird said, “Yenie ye bebo no, na wagu yen anim’ ase.” And the bird said, “I go wo abonterere, wo nenam kwa, obi mmpe wo aye fwe.” And the bird said, “I go wo abonterere, wo nenam kwa, obi mmpe wo aye fwe.” And the bird said, “I go wo abonterere, wo nenam kwa, obi mmpe wo aye fwe.” And the bird said, “I go wo abonterere, wo nenam kwa, obi mmpe wo aye fwe.”

He is the only one who will be saved, and he will be saved by God's grace.

If I want to do it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it, I'm going to take it.