Ye' nse se, nse se o

SE YOYE A ABUSUA EKUONA BAA 'MANM'

OBA ye'fre no Abena na owo ho; oni ne ose de no ma awadee a, osee, "Dabi." Na oka kyeree ose se, "Da a mehu owari a mepe no, da no, se me ba, na se wo'nom asra a, megye asratoa de m'abo w'apampam'." Yeo na aida Ekuo tee sa asem yi; odanee ne ho 'nipa siim' baa oba no kurom' ho. Na Abena hunoo no, ode mmirika koreye, na ose e'nom asra. Ogyee asratoa no, na ode abo n'apampam'. Na da no akura no sofuo boo ose se, "Ye'wra 'ba ahu die ope no." Na ye'ko faa 'bari no koo 'fie. Na oba no kaa se, "Oyi na me pe no." The boy also peneeso, and okoe no. And he said, "Who is this?" And his wife said, "I'm not sure, but I'm going to give it to another man, and he'll set it up, and it'll be a fire." And he said, "I'm not sure, but I'm going to give it to another man, and he'll set it up, and it'll be a fire." And he said, "I'm not sure, but I'm going to give it to another man, and he'll set it up, and it'll be a fire." And he said, "I'm not sure, but I'm going to give it to another man, and he'll set it up, and it'll be a fire." And he said, "I'm not sure, but I'm going to give it to another man, and he'll set it up, and it'll be a fire." And he said, "I'm not sure, but I'm going to give it to another man, and he'll set it up, and it'll be a fire." And he said, "I'm not sure, but I'm going to give it to another man, and he'll set it up, and it'll be a fire." And he said, "I'm not sure, but I'm going to give it to another man, and he'll set it up, and it'll be a fire." And he said, "I'm not sure, but I'm going to give it to another man, and he'll set it up, and it'll be a fire." And he said, "I'm not sure, but I'm going to give it to another man, and I'll give it to another man, and I'll give it to another man, and I'll give it to another man, and I'll give it to another man, and I'll give it to another man, and I'll give it to another man, and I'll give it to another man, and I'll give E, osee sen, ose oye pa! na waye gyiren!" And the people went up to the top of the hill. Ekaa 'nina fua pe, na odwaneye baa 'fie. And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na waye gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the hill and said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the other one went up to the top of the And the bird said, "Me wo ha." Odunsini said, "Amanee na wo nko’a na wo te kuro yim?" Aberewa said, "W’aba a, ko ma menso me ntena me babi." ’Dunsini said, "Wo ye bayifuo; wo na w’awe kurom’ hafuo mother, nti meku wo seisei gye se wo ka." Aberewa said, "Me nka de a, ko fa homa behungire me, na fa me mantam gyeduam'." Odunsini behungire, na ode no mantam gyeduam'. And the bird said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the man atete; the bird said, "Me wo ha." Odunsini said, "Amanee na wo nko’a na wo te kuro yim?" Aberewa said, "W’aba a, ko ma menso me ntena me babi." ’Dunsini said, "Wo ye bayifuo; wo na w’awe kurom’ hafuo mother, nti meku wo seisei gye se wo ka." Aberewa said, "Me nka de a, ko fa homa behungire me, na fa me mantam gyeduam'." Odunsini behungire, na ode no mantam gyeduam'. And the bird said, "Osee oye pa! na wane gyiren!" And the man atete; the bird said, "Me wo ha." And he said to the elder, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said to the elder, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take this treasure.” And the elder said, “Let’s go and take

I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it.