Ye' nse se, nse se o

WHERE DO YOU SEE IT?

Ananse said to Nyankonpon, “This is what you want, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you to love me, I want you Oboo 'Kusie amanee se, “Die m'ahuno ni, na nti boa me.” 'Kusie see, “Me mmoa wo sen?” Osee, “Me fwefwe wo ama w'ako bo amena akopem Nyankonpon sumpini ase.” Okusie see, “Meyo mama wo.” Na oyoye. 'Kusie beboo Ananse amanee se, “M'awie.” Ananse ko free ne 'ba Ntikuma; na otwaa aben maa no; na oka kyeree no se, onko amena nom', na onko tena sumpini no ase, na wono se Nyankonpon abetena sumpini no so a, onhyen ben no se:

“Wo kum Ananse a oman yi bebo!

Wo gyae Ananse a, oman kasa biribiri!”

Ananse said, “You know, Ananse, you know, Nyankonpon, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you

Wo gyae Ananse a, oman kasa biribiri!"

Ye'see, "Mo ntie, mo ntie!" Na Aben no ahyen bio:

"Wo kum Ananse a oman yi bebo!

Wo gyae Ananse a, oman kasa biribiri!"

Na Kontirehene soreye ka kyeree Nyankonpon se, "Wo Nyame ne Asase Ya na oman yi wo mo. Nne w'anya Ananse wo'ku no. Asase Ya se 'Gya no'. Nti wo gya no a, na eye." Na Nyankonpon maa abrafuo gya no. Ene se aye akasa bebuo se, "Wo ho hu se Ananse."

I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you.