Ye' nse se, nse se o

YE'MMFI ESONO AKYI NNKO BO ASEREWA BOO

Ananse went on, and Akwasidae gave an oko to Nyame, and Nyame gave it an ank'tam. Ananse went on to see it. Okoye and his son took the sheep. Ananse went on and took the ank'tam but it wasn't there. And he gave it to the walker. Ananse said, "Give me something, give me my nose." And he went to the walker and gave it to the walker and went on to see it. Okoye, and people took the nose, and Ananse gave the ank'tam to the walker. And the people gave it to the walker. And okoye, and the oko came out of the way and went away. And he went away and gave it to the walker, and it was there, and the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my nose." And the walker said, "Give me something my Na oko hunoo 'nipa a ode ne kote e'nu abe. Na Ananse de soso no maa no, na ono so maa Ananse nno, ahina bako. Na osiim' kiko. Na oko too oba bi a wawo 'duo, na ode ne ntasuo na e'sra yen. Na Kwaku Ananse de nno no maa oba no se omfa nsera ne mma no. Na oba no maa no akoda bako, na ode siim' kiko ko too oba bi. Onni 'ba na wafa eta na ode nfwenee abobo no. Na Agnya Ananse de abofra no maa oba no. Na oba no so maa no eta, na ode siim' kiko. Na oko too obi a ode n'abatwe na ode e'yam sam. Na Ananse de eta no maa no, na ono so maa Ananse sam. Na ode kuyi ko too Esono fekuo. And Eshon's sons came to him. And Anan's sons said, "Take this one, and this one is smaller." And Eshon's sons came to him. And they said, "Take this one." And Anan's sons said, "Take this one, and this one is smaller." And Eshon's sons came to him. And they said, "Take this one, and this one is smaller." And Eshon's sons said, "Take this one, and this one is smaller."

“Momma me something me nko.” And he’se, “Ye’nni fwe, na asuo yi a eda ho yi, yen mother ye’ko huri atera, na die obetom’ na w’afa no.” Se na Esono bako nyem. And the animals mother assembled and the die onem no too nsuo nom’, and Ananse ko faa no, na ofaa edowa soo Esono nan, na okuraa no. Na wunoo se aserewa e’koro. Na Ananse see, “Anoma ho e’fe meko kye’ no akoma me ’ba Ntikuma.” And Ananse dii aserewa no; otowo bo; wannya no. Obaye so na Esono ko. Ene ye’de ebebu ’be se, “Ye’mmfi esono emva nko bo.”

I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it.