Ye' nse se, nse se o

SE YOYE A ATURUKUKU KOO WURAM' MAA AKOKO SO BAA 'FIE

Akoko said to Aturukuku, "Ko Sere', na me so me'ko ndim', na se wo nya aduane a, efei w'abe ka akyere me." Na ye'dii praym'. Na mi'emmiensa na Aturukuku onhunoo ne nua no. Oka kyeree ne kunu se, "Ma yenko gya me na me nko pe me nua." Na okunu no see, "W'aka a m'ate, duom ma me nko gya wo." Na one no siim' ko duruu nkwantia. Ye'hunuu kofie bi ho, na eho na one onaa hyiae. Na Akoko Aturukuku se, "Wo koo Sere soo, wo nyaa aduane dii?" Osee, "Die me kooyo gye ayuo; na se me fwane mma se nsii ka me ho, na se ye'ye se die me'fa yen m'afua me ho a, na obofuo ato 'tuo, pom! "There is no such thing as a good man, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good husband, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good husband, there is no such thing as a good husband, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good husband, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good husband, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as a good wife, there is no such thing as "Then he said, "There was a man who said, 'Memeneda Dapa, the father of your son, is dead.'" The man said, "I am, I am, the father of Memeneda Dapa." And the crowd went away at the same time, and they went to their homes. Ye'koro, Dente kofie no ho, obefwe na nua takara, ne no ti, ne nya', n'atabu, ne berebo, ne meen. Aturukuku see o'ko hyia ne nua. Obekoro, Dente kofie no ho, obefwe na nua takara, ne no ti, ne nya', n'atabu, ne berebo, ne meen. Aturukuku see, "Ye'die me'ntimi me nnko bio." Na Aturukuku tuye ko sii onyina so na osee:

"Me'su me nua o!

Avereho o!

Wo Akoko 'dehyee wo tiri ni? Wo Akoko 'dehyee wo tabu ni?

Wo Akoko 'dehyee wo nan ni?

Wo Akoko 'dehyee wo berebo ni?

Wo Akoko 'dehyee wo imin ni? "

Na Aturukuku see, "Me nna nko kwim' bio na kwimfuo nnye." Na Aturukuku kaa Sere', na Akoko kaa 'fie.

I'm trying to get it, I'm trying to get it, I'm trying to get it, I'm trying to get it, I'm trying to get it, I'm trying to get it, I'm trying to get it, I'm trying to get it, I'm trying to get it, I'm trying to get it, I'm trying to get it, I'm trying to get