SE YOYE A KWATIMA YE BEFRE NO ODWANINI

Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland." Osebo said, "I want this land to be my homeland." Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland." Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land to be my homeland," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, "I want this land," Kwatima said, " One so ko wuram' ako twitwa homa, na ode abegu ho, na oko. Osebo so aba, na ono soso akeka, na oko. Kwatima so aba, na ono soso abobo amana na ode nnua no asisim' na oko. Na Osebo so aba, abegye ho na oko. Na Kwatima so aba, na wakoyi daha de abegu ho na oko. Na Osebo so aba, na wabawo detie na ode ata; na on'so ko. Na Kwatima so aba, na wabakuru edan no, na oko. Na Osebo so aba, na wababo, na oko. Na Kwatima so aba, na wakote hyire de abesra, na oko 'fie. One day, one of the girls said, "I'm going to do this, because Adae to Kwasiada a, Dwoada na yi ko di afiforo, nti fwefwe dee owo 'tuo na ye'ako to no dan nom." The owner said, "E! I'm going to do this, this is what I'm going to do, I'm going to do it with my friends." One day, one of the girls said, "I'm going to do this, because Adae to Kwasiada a, Dwoada na yi ko di afiforo, nti ya ommeto etuo mma me." The owner said, "M'ate." One day, one of the girls said, "I'm going to do this, because Adae to Kwasiada a, Dwoada na yi ko di afiforo, nti fwefwe dee owo 'tuo na ye'ako to no dan nom." The owner said, "I'm going to do this, because Adae to Kwasiada a, Dwoada na yi ko di afiforo, nti fwefwe dee owo 'tuo na ye'ako to no dan nom." The owner said, "E! I'm going to do this, this is what I'm going to do, I'm going to do it with my friends." One day, one of the girls said, "I'm going to do this, because Adae to Kwasiada a, Dwoada na yi ko di afiforo, nti ya ommeto etuo mma me." The owner said, "M'ate." One day, one of the girls said, "I'm going to do this, because Adae to Kwasiada a, Dwoada na yi ko di afiforo, nti ya ommeto etuo mma me." The owner said, "M'ate." One day, one of the girls said, "I'm going to do this, because Adae to Kwasiada a, Dwoada na yi ko di afiforo, nti fwefwe dee owo 'tuo na ye'ako to no dan nom." The owner said, "I'm going to do this, because Adae to Kwasiada a Adeekyeye, Akwasidae, and Kwatimae are the only three of them; and Osebo is the only one. Adeekyeye, Dwoadae, and Kwatimae are the only three of them. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. And Osebo is the only one. Na Kwatima dee omfa bi mma. Dakoro kantinka koo wuram'; waya ayo, pasa! Obaa 'fie osee, "Kwatima, se nne w'anko wuram' anko fa enam amma, ade a meyo wo, wo mpe." Kwatima sii so, koo wuram', na ode wansane befwee ho. Osebo fwe aida a, na ye no wonder se something. Adeekye na Kwatima ko na ode bi aba bio. Osebo se, "E!" Oka kyeree ne 'ba se, "He! me ko wuram' me ne Kwatima nyina, na otwe 'ba a me de bree wo 'da no, se ye kor'a, fre Kwatima 'ba na bisa no se, ya ose ko wuram' a okyere nam, na wo so kyere o 'ba yi kyere no." Na nkrofuo no waye. Osebo 'ba see, "Kwatima 'ba, bra ma yenko go." Obaye; osee, "Se agya ko wuram' a okyere nam ni." Na ohuri kyeree otwe 'ba no, na wabo no menem'. Kwatima 'ba see, "Wo so ko fa oboo kakraka bi bra." Na Osebo 'ba ko faa bi baye. Ode too ho. Kwatima 'ba ko firi no ho a baye, na ode n'apampam' aka 'boo no pim! na apapae goso. Osebo 'ba see, "E!" Na ye'senom firi wuram' baye, na Osebo 'ba boo ose amaniye; na Kwatima 'ba so boo no amaniye. Efei ye wo ho na Kwatima adee bi ataa ne nanm', na ose opepa, na Osebo dwenee se opinpin nakyi abe ku no.

Hoara na Osebo gu Kwatima so; ope no akye no. Na Kwatima de madzika agum', kiri, kiri, kiri. Obekoro 'tadie bi na ode ho, na Onini dam'. Kwatima see, "Agya Onini, me dwane me toa wo, na Osebo nnyae me." 'Ho na Onini see, "W'akoa yi wa ye adee, nti dwa me." Kwatima so boo mmoden dwaa no. Ene se Kwatima ebenya dine se Odwanini. Na efiri Onini a oko dwaa no ntira.

I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it.