Ye’ nse se, nse se o

KWAMENA A OSI ADUKUROM’

10:13 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to thee, and I will bring thee to thee, and I will make thee a king over Israel. 10:14 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to thee, and I will make thee king over Israel. 10:15 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to thee, and I will make thee king over Israel. 10:16 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to thee, and I will make thee king over Israel. 10:17 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to thee, and I will make thee king over Israel. 10:18 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to thee, and I will make thee king over Israel. 10:19 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to thee, and I will make thee king over Israel. 10:19 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to thee, and I will make thee king over Israel. 10:19 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to thee. 10:19 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to thee. 10:19 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to thee, and I will make thee king over Israel. 10:19 And the king of Israel said, I will not let thee go, but I will send thee to And he took Kra and Ohema ’s sons and went to the back of the hill, and he put his hands on their necks. And Ohema ’s sons said to him:

"Adodowa hini me o! na me na m’aba, Adodowa Kwasi Kampire, hini me, Adodowa hini me o! me sere hini me."

Na Adodowa nginii no. Na ono so onhunu ’kwan mma ne kurom’. Na one Kra koo adukurom’. Na Ohema ’ba faa yawa bako tenaam’, na ode bako kataa ne ti; na Kra tenaa ne nkyen. Ene se wo beko adukurom’ na Ohema ’ba ne n’afana Kra te ho a y’adane Kwamena.

I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it, I'm going to try to do it.