JULY 2026

HOW TO FOLLOW GOD'S RECOMMENDATIONS

ANNOUNCEMENT DATE: SEPTEMBER 7–OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

HADZIDZI 88

Na Manya Wò Mɔwo

TAŊODZINUA

In this article, we will look at the example of the Gibeonites and how God dealt with them.

Learn from the Example of the Gibeonites

“The Gibeonites made peace with Israel, and they lived among them.” —Josh. 10:1.

Remember this event. In 1473 B.C.E., the nation of Israel was on their way to the Promised Land. Jehovah had helped the Israelites conquer the cities of Jericho and Ai for several days. But something unexpected happened. Some foreigners came to claim a large land. The message they brought was that they wanted to make peace with the Israelites.

2 The Gibeonites were strangers. This is the first time the Bible mentions them, but it is not the earliest time. The Bible records that the Gibeonites and the Israelites lived together for several centuries. We can learn a lot from the Gibeonites, and recognize the qualities of Jehovah in the way He dealt with them.

HOW DOES A BOY WITH A BOY DO?

3 The Gibeonites lived in the fortified city of Gibeon when the Israelites began to occupy the land of Canaan. There were “three nations” in the land of Canaan whose inhabitants were “distant” from the Israelites. One of these nations was the Hivites, and one of their towns was Gibeon. (Deuteronomy 7:1) The Gibeonites were warriors. (Josh. 10:2) The Canaanite nations offered to make a treaty with the Israelites, but the Gibeonites found that they did not want to make a treaty with Israel.

1-2. Why is it important to learn from the Gibeonites?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did they want to make peace with Israel?

2

The Gibeonites encouraged Joshua to make peace with them (See Figure 4)

(Exodus 34:11; Joshua 9:24) So when the Israelites took Jericho and Ai, the Gibeonites sent peace-bearers* to Joshua at Gilgal to make peace with them.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeonites told Joshua that they had taken a huge land. They said they believed that Jehovah God had brought them to conquer Egypt and the kings of the Amorites, Sichon and Og. The Gibeonites were very cautious about what happened to Jericho and Ai, because it made Joshua see that they had taken no “great land.” Joshua and the Israelites were angry with the Gibeonites and made peace with them, even though they had not asked Jehovah before. (Jos. 9:14, 15) Soon afterwards, the Israelites realized that they had been beaten by the Gibeonites, but because they had already attacked the Gibeonites “in the name of Jehovah, the God of Israel,” they did so against the cloud. (Josh. 9:16-19) They made the Gibeonites “the servants and servants of the house and the altar of Jehovah.”—Josh. 9:27.

5 The five kings of the Amorites came together to help Gibeon when they heard that the Gibeonites had made peace with Israel. The Gibeonites came to Joshua to accept them. (Joshua 10:3-7) Joshua went ahead of the Israelites and took them.

* The Ammonites were probably from Gibeon and three other cities near the Hivites: Kefira, Beeroth, and Kirjath-Jearim.—Joshua 9:17.

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites persuade the Israelites to make peace with them? (See also the picture.) (b) What happened when Joshua learned that they were being persuaded?

5. How did the Gibeonites show that they accepted Jehovah?

JULY 2026 3

The Gibeonites and the LORD helped them defeat the Amorites. The LORD sent great storms against the Amorite armies and kept the storms in place until the Israelites defeated the Amorites. (Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites declared that they accepted the LORD when they came into conflict with Israel. They also declared that they trusted the LORD to accept them and keep the promises he had made to his people.

6 What does this tell us about Jehovah? It shows us that Jehovah is gentle and merciful. He had told the Israelites earlier to “exterminate all the inhabitants of the land,” including the Gibeonites. (Numbers 33:51, 52) However, because the Israelites made peace with the Gibeonites, Jehovah had compassion on the Gibeonites and allowed them to live. Jehovah did this despite the fact that the Israelites had not agreed before they made peace with the Gibeonites. However, Jehovah helped the Israelites do what they had agreed with the Gibeonites and accepted them.—Joshua 9:26; 11:19.

7 How can we learn from the Gibeonites? We need to take ourselves into the hands of Jehovah. Since we have learned so much about Jehovah from the Gibeonites, there are many reasons why we should take ourselves into the hands of Jehovah even more. (Ps. 40:4, 5) Like the Gibeonites, we also need to be willing to do good work in Jehovah’s service. (Josh. 9:23, 27) Brother Luke, a young man who works at Bethel, recalls that one day a young brother at Bethel dedicated himself to doing good work. Although the young brothers had many responsibilities at Bethel and were engaged in many ways, they were willing to dedicate themselves to helping build a Kingdom Hall in their neighborhood. Luke wrote: “I learned from the brother that humility is not a strange feeling. It is a part of our practice.” Like the Gibeonites, let us rely on Jehovah every day to help us through our tribulations, and let us humble ourselves willingly to do whatever is needed in Jehovah’s organization. By doing so, we show our acceptance of Jehovah.

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLE

8 The Bible describes the Gibeonites many centuries later, during the reign of King Saul, when he “deceived Israel and Judah” and went against the Gibeonites in Israel to destroy them.* This caused many Gibeonites to die. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) Unfortunately, Saul broke the long-standing peace between Israel and the Gibeonites.

9 Jehovah did not forgive those who had done evil to the Gibeonites immediately. But when David became king of Israel, Jehovah wanted to see a redress, so he did not go into the land for three years, which was a bad thing. David wanted to know why and asked Jehovah. Jehovah wanted to know that he was very concerned about Saul and his house, since some years earlier he had taken some of the Gibeonites, which made them grieve.—2 Sam. 21:1.

* The Bible does not specify the reason why Saul did this, but some scribes suggest that it was because Saul was a foreigner and did not want to live in Israel.

6. What can we learn from Jehovah’s dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we learn from the humbleness and faith of the Gibeonites? (See also the picture.)

8. What evil did King Saul do to the Gibeonites?

9. When did the Lord stop the destruction of the Gibeonites?

APPENDIX 4

Be humble like the Gibeonites and be willing to do all kinds of work in the church (See Figure 7)

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. King David asked the Gibeonites what he wanted to do to take revenge for Saul’s evil deeds against them. Would the Gibeonites take advantage of the opportunity to ask David to pay a large sum of money for them? Instead, they replied that they would not “take any of the flesh of the sheep or of the goat,” because under God’s Law, no money was paid for a slave who was about to die. (Numbers 35:30, 31) The Gibeonites also knew that the Law did not allow them to put a man to death without the king’s permission. So David listened to the Gibeonites’ request in order to convince Saul’s descendants who might have helped him in his evil deeds. After some time, Jehovah sent wheat to the land, and food came to Israel. This made it clear that the way they dealt with the trouble was in Jehovah’s hands.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

In Jehovah’s time, the wrongs done to his servants will be rectified. We learn from this story that just as Jehovah expects the Israelites to keep the peace they made with the Gibeonites, he also expects us to keep our promises.—Compare with Amos 1:9.

12 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? Even if a brother does something wrong to us, we want to turn to Jehovah for help. When we do so, we show that we trust that he will fix things at the right time. Consider the story of Sister Laura French. She served at Bethel Canada in 1926. About six years later, something wrong happened to her. Some of the Bethel brothers became so faithful that they knew them. Unfortunately, they knew Sister French too, because they mistakenly thought she was too.

11 What does this story tell us about Jehovah? He confirms that he is a God who always does righteousness. (Ps. 37:28) Often, people do wrong to people from different backgrounds.

10. In the light of 2 Samuel 21:3-6, how did the Gibeonites show that they disregarded God’s Law?

11. What do we learn about Jehovah from this story?

12. How can we learn from the Gibeonites when things go wrong with us?

JULY 2026

5

In 1940, Sister French was appointed to serve at Bethel. She was thrilled. She continued to serve faithfully for 50 years until her death on earth. Like Sister French, when things go wrong for us, we want to continue to do what we do well and wait for Jehovah to do things at the right time.—Isaiah 26:3, 4.

YOU WILL SEE GOD'S WORSHIP

13 500 years after the reign of King David, the Gibeonites are mentioned in the Bible. The 70 years of the exile in Babylon began in 537 B.C.E. Two sections of the Jewish people were exiled from Babylon to Jerusalem. The first section led to the king Zerubbabel. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Some time later, in 468 B.C.E., the second section led to the scribe Ezra. (Ezra 7:1-7) The “Nethinim” were among these two sections. (See the sections in Ezra 2:58 and 7:7.) Who were the Nethinim? "These were the temple builders who were not Israelites," and many of them were probably descendants of the Gibeonites. —See The New International Version, "Netinim."

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 and the accompanying manuscript. It is remarkable that “the servants of the temple” were among the first generations of Israelites who came from there. This explains why not all Jews were willing to move from there. As a result, many Jews had worked hard and moved to Babylon, so some of them were unwilling to give up the comforts they had found in Babylon to work in Jerusalem. However, the descendants of the Gibeonites and some loyal Jews wanted to return to Jehovah’s temple in Jerusalem, and they moved away even though it was not easy for them. The Gibeonites were not the only Jews in Israel. However, they were willing to return to perform the service of Jehovah in the temple and helped in the construction of the walls of Jerusalem.—Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this tell us about Jehovah? It shows us that Jehovah loves his faithful servants and cares for them. From the time that Jehovah took the Gibeonites and Israel took possession of the Promised Land to the time of Israel’s exile in Babylon, more than 1,000 years have passed. Yet, Jehovah continues to care for them. The descendants of the Gibeonites died when Judah and Jerusalem were destroyed in A.D. 607. Even after their exile, they continued to serve with the Levites in the temple. Some of them moved from home to the temple. (Ezra 2:70; Neh. 11:21) And because the work was being done in the temple, the king of Persia did not allow it to take place.—Ezra 7:24.

16 How can we learn from the Gibeonites? For we ourselves are willing to do all that is right in our own laws.

13. Who were the “Nethinim,” and what have they done since their exile from Babylon?

14. How did the Gibeonites continue to serve Jehovah faithfully? (1 Chronicles 9:2)

15. What does the story of the Gibeonites tell us about Jehovah?

16. How can we learn from the Gibeonites in worshipping Jehovah?

6 SECTION 1

We love Jehovah and want to be loved by Him, so we are happy to give ourselves as we serve Him. This is what Brother Alwin from the Philippines did. He works in a large storage facility and is very busy. But he wants to do more in the service of Jehovah. So, whenever the general secretary visits their congregation, Alwin asks for a job so that he can do more in the ministry. Brother Alwin prayed often about the situation, and after some time, he decided to leave the job and find another job that would allow him to spend more time in the ministry. He knew that if he did this, he would not be punished. But he found a way to get involved in the ministry. He and his wife went on a mission and both served 21 people who were converted to the truth. There is no doubt that Jehovah appreciates this couple. We can also be sure that he will appreciate all the sacrifices we make in his worship and will continue to look after our needs.—Matt. 6:33.

17 Jehovah’s dealings with the Gibeonites teach us a lot about His goodness. We learn that Jehovah is merciful, merciful, and faithful. He is always faithful to His faithful servants. We also learn a lot from the Gibeonites. We may have strong faith and be sure that Jehovah will help us in difficult circumstances as He helped the Gibeonites. Wisdom will help us to be willing to do every job we are given in His organization. We learn that we need to look to God and make sure that every problem is resolved at the right time. We also learn that we must continue to devote ourselves faithfully to the service of God by looking at the people of Gibeon and learning from their example.

17. What did you learn from the Bible story of the Gibeonites?

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ How can we show humility and faith like the Gibeonites?

■ How can we learn from the Gibeonites when things go wrong with us?

■ How can we continue to serve Jehovah faithfully like the Gibeonites?

CHAPTER 148 Jehovah, the Protector

SEPTEMBER 14-20, 2026

CHAPTER 41 O God, Let Me Go

When we are saddened or depressed, meditating on the words of the book of Isaiah can help us.

The Words in the Book of Isaiah May Come to You

“Thus says Jehovah:... ‘As a widow cares for her husband, so do you care for your wives.’”—YES. 66:12, 13.

This is the first time I've been to this place, and I'm so happy to say that I've had a great time. I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this place for a long time, and I've been to this

2 In the Bible, Jehovah compares himself to a loving father who cares for his children. He says: “As a loving father cares for his children, so do you care for yourselves.” (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah loves us more than our parents do. (Isa. 49:15) Therefore, whenever we are in trouble or distress, he uses the Bible to strengthen us and help us.—Rom. 15:4.

3 Jehovah has spoken many words in the book of Isaiah to comfort us. (Isaiah 40:1) Our loving Father inspired Isaiah to write this book to comfort the people of Judah when they were in difficulty. Because we are in ‘difficult times,’ we also need much comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let’s look at a few passages in the book of Isaiah that can comfort us and give us strength in the following situations: (1) when things in our lives change dramatically, and (2) when we are deeply concerned about a sin that we have committed.

1-2. How does Jehovah help us when we are sad or downcast?

3. What will we study in this chapter?

8

we do, or (3) if we are concerned about the death of a loved one.

THESE ARE THE WORKS OF OUR TIME

4 Things that we anticipate may happen in our lives. (Deuteronomy 9:11; 1 Corinthians 7:31) We may be overworked, we may be disappointed, or there may be an upheaval in our country. It may also happen that the organization assigns a full-time servant to a new job. These changes can make us feel frustrated or confused. We may ask ourselves: ‘What should I do now?’ A brother named Joseph, who served at Bethel for about 17 years and was then appointed to be a missionary, says: “I’m sorry to say that, after many years at Bethel, it was not easy for me to move elsewhere. I don’t know how things will turn out for me.” When things turn so badly for us in life, what prophecies from Isaiah will strengthen us?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. Jehovah promises to bring those who are keen on prophecy out of unexpected places, and to bring them back to life. The words used in this chapter, “weak,” “unexpected places,” “weakness,” and “delay,” depict how we may feel when things change dramatically in our lives. We may feel like we are in a circle and know exactly where we are going. But Jehovah assures us that in any situation he will support us and will not abandon us.

4. How can we feel about ourselves when things change dramatically in our lives?

5. What predictions did Jehovah make in Isaiah 42:16? (See also the picture.)

Even if things change dramatically in your life, Jehovah will not abandon you. (See paragraph 5.)

‘I Will Not Leave You in a Place You Don’t Know’

(Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) In addition, he uses his fellow believers and others to help us. Even if we don’t know how things will turn out in the future, we can rest assured that Jehovah will help us immediately because he loves us and knows how we feel about ourselves.—Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 A brother named Joseph described how loving Jehovah was to him and his wife when they returned from Bethel. He said: “We have seen how greatly Jehovah has helped us when things have changed for us. He has been very kind to our dear brothers and sisters. He has looked after our physical needs and has comforted us, and he continues to do so today.” When things change for you in life, be sure that Jehovah will strengthen you and guide you. (Isaiah 54:10; 58:11) Joseph added: “One of our old sayings is right: ‘I will not worry about the future. I trust in my great God.’* Indeed, even though things are not as we have seen them, we know that Jehovah will help us.”

WHAT WE ARE DOING NOW AND WHAT WE WILL DO IN THE FUTURE

7 If we have committed a great sin, and have offended our neighbours, he forgives us.

* The verses were taken from the chapter entitled “I Know That Jehovah Is With Me.”

6. When things turn out badly for us in life, what can we do about it?

7. How do some people feel about themselves because of the sin they have committed?

(Deuteronomy 28:13; James 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) But even if God forgives us our sins, we may continue to feel guilty. We may ask ourselves, ‘Has God forgiven the truth?’ (2 Corinthians 2:7) It may be easy to write down what you have done and feel guilty for a long time. King David said: “I have not died in my iniquities; my heart is weak, and I have not broken my bones.” (Psalm 38:3, 8) If you feel guilty because of a sin you have committed, don’t worry, the book of Isaiah can help you.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah uses a parable to illustrate how he forgives our sins forever. He says that if we forgive our sins “as if they were nothing,” he will “forgive them as if they were nothing.” It is not easy to forgive sins. Jehovah uses this parable to assure us that when he forgives our sins, he will never look at them.

9 Consider the example of King David. Despite his evil deeds, God turned away from him and later described him as walking in his sight with a pure heart. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Kings 9:4, 5) David’s loyalty to God was greater than any of his faults. However, when we repent, God’s great love inspires us to continue to serve him with a pure heart. But if we continue to be self-centered, what further advice do we get from the book of Isaiah?

10 Read Isaiah 38:17 and the following verses.

8-9. As seen in Isaiah 1:18, how much does Jehovah care?

10. What does Isaiah 38:17 mean for us?

10 GB BETA BLOOD

"You put all my sins behind you"

Jehovah doesn’t rely on our past sins to punish us (See section 11)

The phrase “he laid all my sins upon his back” may be interpreted as “he took away my sins from his sight.” This chapter tells us that God laid the sins of a repentant sinner on his back, where His eyes do not see or remember them. Some scholars translate the phrase as: “He treated [my sins] as if they had never been.” Therefore, if God took away our sins, it is as if we did not sin again. God does not forgive us or forgive us for the sin he laid upon us. It is as if he took away our sins forever. He himself promised: “I will not remember your iniquities.” (Isaiah 43:25) This is a very comforting message for us! If Jehovah, the Judge of the world, does not remember our sins, then we too should turn away from them and repent of our sins.

Don't let the sins you have committed ruin your enjoyment

11 When we are upset about a sin we have committed in the past, we need to remember that the Lord is gracious. He will never forgive us. He is not afraid of us because of our past sins, and he is not like the majority of human beings who are upset. (Isaiah 57:16) It is not what we have done in the past that matters to the Lord, but what we are doing now and who we strive to be. (Isaiah 55:7) It shows how much the Lord loves us and how much he cares about our future! So we must never let the sin we have committed in the past hinder our enjoyment now or in the future.

11. What matters to Jehovah regardless of how much we have sinned? (See also the picture.)

JULY 2026 11

“Your dead come alive”

Our opportunity to see our loved ones resurrected will always be there (See paragraph 14)

It does not allow us to give up worshiping Jehovah if the future is uncertain.

NE MÍELE NU XAM LE MÍAȘE AME VEVI AGBE KU TA

12 When a loved one passes away, it can make us feel sad and angry. Sometimes we ask ourselves, ‘Why did Jehovah leave our loved one to die?’ Brother Michael, whose parents died while he was on his way home, says: “I felt deeply saddened and angry at Jehovah for leaving my parents to die. I knew it wasn’t his fault, but I didn’t give up.” Do you feel the same way? What does Jehovah do for us when such grief happens?

12. How do we sometimes feel when a loved one dies?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah has promised that “you shall live forever.” Consider the time that will come! You will never be disappointed because of the death of someone you love. (Isaiah 35:10) Instead of being upset when you suddenly see a loved one in trouble, you can look forward to having your loved one with you in safety. This is not a judgment, but a promise that will come true, because God, the one who can make it happen, has promised it.—Revelation 21:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Not only does Jehovah take away the dead, but he also brings our loved ones who have died to life.

13. What good promise does Jehovah make to us in Isaiah 25:8?

14. How do you feel when you contemplate the hope of a resurrection? —Isaiah 26:19. (See also the picture.)

APPENDIX 12

The Bible says: “My sheep are raised up.” This means that Jehovah knows who the dead are. They remain in Jehovah’s mind. And at his right time, he will raise them up. Just as time brings people to life, so will Jehovah, the source of life, bring our loved ones from death to life. What a joy it would be to be able to be with those loved ones! —Compare with Mark 5:42.

15 Although God’s promise of bringing back the dead isn’t going to take away our grief forever, we have learned that God hasn’t written our deceased loved ones down. That’s very comforting. It’s also comforting for Brother Michael, whom we’ve been praying for so long. He says: “The words in Isaiah 26:19 helped me understand that Jehovah loves my parents very much. They remain in his mind, and he will continue to look after them until the time he takes them out of the grave. That comforts me and strengthens me.” It also helps us focus on the time when we will be together with our loved ones. This makes our hearts beat faster.

16 Let’s look at a few verses from the book of Isaiah that can help us when things change dramatically in our lives, when we feel sorry for a sin we have committed, or when we are concerned about the death of a loved one. It’s great to see how Jehovah takes his Word to heart! (Ps. 94:19) Is there a particular verse that helps you when you’re in trouble? Think about it while you’re reading it, or write it down in your mind. This will help you feel more comforted by the words of Jehovah, our loving Father in heaven.

15. If a loved one dies, how does the hope of a resurrection help us?

16. What Bible verses help you when you are in trouble?

WHAT’S IN THE PHOTOS Axis 9: A brother and a sister from Bethel are attending meetings in the new congregation, and the brothers are paying attention to them. Axis 11: A brother has changed his mind about his past sins and wants to go to the Missionary Fellowship School.

LET THE WORDS OF THE LORD BE WITH YOU...

■ Isaiah 42:16?

■ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

CHAPTER 3 YOU ARE OUR POWER AND OUR OPPORTUNITY

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

CHAPTER 12 God Is Jehovah

INTRODUCTION In this article, we will explore what it means to know Jehovah, why we should strive to know him better, and how we can do so.

What You Need to Know About Jehovah’s Witnesses

“Obey the God of your father, and serve him with your whole heart.”—1 CHRONICLES 28:9.

DO YOU CONSIDE how great Jehovah’s wisdom is, and how many wonderful things he has done? Respect for our Creator makes us wonder. Do you think like the apostle Paul, who said: “Oh, how great is God in insight and wisdom and knowledge! How inscrutable are his judgments, and how unforgettable his ways!” —Rom. 11:33, 34.

² We cannot know these things about Jehovah, but we can learn something about what kind of person he is. King David said to his son Solomon: “Follow the God of your father, and serve him with your whole heart... If you desire, you will be given him.” (1 Chron. 28:9) In the first century, the apostle John reminded fellow Christians of their duty to “know the truest one.” (1 John 5:20) Jesus himself said that he would help people “know the Father well.”—Matt. 11:27.

3 All of us who have committed ourselves to Jehovah have learned a lot about him, but we need to continue to learn more about him so that we can become more ‘like him.’ (John 17:3) For example, we can continue to learn about the things that affect us—

1. How do you feel when you contemplate Jehovah’s creations and his great wisdom?

2. Why are we confident that we can see Jehovah more clearly?

3. What will we study in this chapter?

14

Regardless of how much we worship Jehovah, the answers to the following three questions apply to all of us: What does it mean to know Jehovah? Why should we continue to love him? And how can we know him better?

WHY DO WE KNOW GOD?

4 Jehovah promised the Jews who were exiled from Babylon: “I will be with them, and they shall know that I am Jehovah.” This promise illustrates what it means to know Jehovah. (Jer. 24:7) There is no doubt that these Jews knew a lot about Jehovah, but to know him truly, they needed to turn to him. This turned their minds and emotions. One scholar said: “There is a great difference between things about God that are not known to us and the knowledge of God, or the truth of God. For example, if a person reads about love in a book, it does not mean that he knows what love really is until someone else has experienced it.” It is not that God exists and that he is the only one. We need to know exactly who he is.

5 When we get closer to Jehovah, we become more aware of what happens to him and what does not happen to him. For example, consider King Josiah. The Bible says of him: “In the fifth year of his reign, when he was still a young boy, he walked uprightly before the God of his father David.” (2 Chron. 34:3) Not only did Josiah learn about Jehovah, but he also put into practice what he had learned. Jehovah said to the prophet Jeremiah that Josiah “judged without righteousness,” and that he put down those who were in harmony with the wicked. And Jehovah said to him: “Isn’t this wisdom?”—Jer. 22:15, 16.

6 Read Psalm 9:10. The more we love Jehovah, the more we will love him. This was the case with the apostle Paul, who, a few days before his death, said: “I am not afraid, for I know Him whom I have not accepted.” (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul’s knowledge of Jehovah and the things that led him to live a life of complete devotion to God are reflected in this passage of the Bible: “Paul was confident that God would look upon his suffering and raise him from the dead.”

WHY DO WE NEED TO KNOW GOD’S NAME?

7 When we begin to worship Jehovah, we learn a lot about him. But as time goes by, the fire in our hearts can fade away. Why? Often, when we read the Bible alone or at meetings, we think about how we can use what we have learned to benefit ourselves or others. That’s fine, because that’s what the Bible tells us to do. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) But there is something more important we should do. (Ps. 25:8-10) That is, we should focus on our Creator, the author of the Bible. Therefore, as we read the Bible, it is important that we ask ourselves,

4. What does it mean to know Jehovah?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah about the knowledge of Jehovah?

6. As Psalm 9:10 shows, what benefits do we have from coming to Jehovah’s pleasure?

7. What can happen if we have been serving Jehovah for a long time?

JULY 2026 15

‘What does this say about Jehovah God?’*

8 As we become closer to Jehovah, we become more connected with him. For example, how do you feel about Jehovah when you read the Bible, when you see us at a church service, or when you go to a meeting? Often, we feel closer to Jehovah. Why? Because we learn a lot about him. And that encourages us to be grateful to him. We become closer to ourselves like the psalmist Asaph. As he reflected on how much Jehovah cared for him, he said: “God will remain my friend, and my companion forever.” (Read Psalm 73:24-28.) The more we try to know Jehovah, the more we value our friendship with him.

9 The Bible tells us to “see Jehovah in all our ways.” (Luke 3:5, 6) This means that we should reflect on what we have learned about Jehovah and how he views our actions. This will help us to keep our minds focused. For example, some brothers and sisters put their wife’s picture in front of them so that they can see her more closely. This makes them focus on their wife and how they love her. Instead, it helps them focus on what makes their wife happy, and they are less inclined to do things that make her happy. Similarly, if we focus on our God and how much we love him in all our ways, we will be able to “see Jehovah in all our ways.”

* See “Some Words in God’s Word,” question 20 in the New International Version of the Bible.

8. What benefits will we have if we learn more about Jehovah? (Psalm 73:24-28)

9. How does it help us to keep our eyes on Jehovah in all our ways? Give an example.

If we do, it will help us to become loyal to him.—Ps. 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah has created us with certain qualities, and that is why we are able to exhibit certain qualities. (Genesis 1:26) As we learn more about Jehovah’s qualities, we will learn more about how we can learn about him. Jesus criticized the scribes and Pharisees because they did not exhibit his qualities. Although they knew the basics of the Law, “[they] ignore the most important things of the Law, which are righteousness, mercy, and forbearance.” (Matt. 23:23) We should not do like these leaders. Instead, let us meditate carefully on the laws and principles we learn from the Bible to help us identify what differs us from Jehovah. Doing so will help us to show God’s good qualities.—1 John 4:8, 11.

WHAT DO WE KNOW ABOUT GOD?

11 Who told you about Jehovah for the first time? Perhaps your friends and family who are Jehovah’s servants. They might have told you stories from the Bible that showed you how kind God is and how he manifests his righteousness. Or perhaps a Jehovah’s Witness might have studied the Bible with you. He might have used the book Watch Over Me! to help you reflect on the events in the Bible. He might have taught you how to recognize the righteousness of Jehovah in what he does.* (Neh. 8:8; Deut. 14:17) Now let’s look at how you can learn to recognize the righteousness of Jehovah in what he does.

* See the booklet Have Peace in the World Forever! chapter 7, paragraphs 5-7.

10. How does learning about God’s heavenly qualities benefit us?

11. Who told you about Jehovah for the first time?

Appendix 16

Reflect on the creations to help you better understand Jehovah (See section 15)

continue to learn about Jehovah.

12 The first thing you can do to learn more about Jehovah is to study his Word. Sometimes the Bible describes God’s characteristics in detail. (Exodus 34:6, 7) However, the Bible often deals with people’s actions and decisions. So when you read a Bible story, try to identify the characteristics of Jehovah.

13 An example of how you can do this is as follows. Let’s read Jeremiah 38:6-13. You’ll find that the Ethiopian Ebed-Melek, who was a follower of the prophet Jeremiah, was a great example of love, self-sacrifice, and self-dedication. What traits of Jehovah do you see in this story? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) Now, what shows you that Jehovah appreciates what his servants do? What shows you that Jehovah judges righteous sacrifices? What shows you that Jehovah does not look at people in the eye? What other traits of Jehovah can you see in this story? As you read a passage of the Bible, try to identify the characteristics of God that are present there and respond to them.

14 Another thing that can help you learn more about Jehovah is to meditate on his works. (Ps. 145:9, 10) This does not mean that we should just look at Jehovah’s creations, but that we should do something more. In fact, some people spend most of their time studying natural phenomena, but they fail to recognize that God exists and that he does things! The Apostle Paul said that God’s “invisible things are obscured by the creations of the world, because they are evident in things.”

12-13. What can you learn about Jehovah when you read the Bible? Follow his example.—Jeremiah 39:15-18. (See also the picture below.)

14. Why should we meditate on creation?

JULY 2026 17

(Romans 1:20) One interpretation of this verse is that “a man who reflects well is able to discern the qualities of God.” Therefore, whenever we see the goodness of our Creator, Jehovah, we should reflect so that we can recognize his good qualities.

15 Some of our brothers and sisters live in deserts, where the natural world has not been created. But do you know that they can also learn about God’s creations? Yes, look. Look at Patrick, who lives in Brazzaville, a city in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He says: “I go to my porch and look at God’s creations. And often I see the microbes working hard to find food or shelter. One day I saw some bees in the neighborhood making a good food for their offspring.” Patrick didn’t ignore these things, but instead reflected deeply on the Creator. She says: “I’ve come to realize that Jehovah is a loving God who takes care of even the smallest of his creatures. This has made me feel even more confident that he cares about me and always helps me get what I need.”

16 The third thing that can help you get to know God better is to reflect on what he has done for you. That’s exactly what Mary, the mother of Jesus, did. She knew God well and ‘God saw it.’ (Luke 1:30) Once God did a great thing when he gave birth to his Son.

15. What did Patrick do to become closer to Jehovah, and how can you learn from his example? (See also the picture.)

16. What helped Jesus’ mother Mary learn more about Jehovah, and how can we learn from her? (See also the picture.)

Think about what Jehovah has done for you to help you understand him better. (See section 16.)

Annex 18

God sent his angel Gabriel and Elizabeth, Mary’s nurse, to encourage her and strengthen her. Mary reflected on their words, and it made her more convinced that God is merciful, merciful, and merciful. (Luke 1:46-55) Mary appreciated God’s help; so do we when God helps us “when we need it.” (Heb. 4:16) So whenever you receive help from God, ask yourself: ‘What does this say about Jehovah? What is the nature of Jehovah in what he has done for me?’

MÍADZUDZƆ NUSƆSRƆ̃ TSO JEHOVA GBEƐ O

17 Consider how much we will learn about Jehovah in the new world. At that time, new books will be produced that will show us what he wants us to do. (Deut. 20:12) We will be able to see all that he has created, and from that we will be able to admire him more closely. (Isaiah 11:6-9) And when we experience the things we have seen, for example, when our ancestors are raised from the dead, and we live a full life, we will be able to enjoy our Father’s love in special ways.

18 We will never cease to learn about Jehovah. He is God from eternity to eternity, so “there is no end to his understanding.” (Ps. 90:2; 147:5) Let us “see all the works that the true God has made from the beginning to the end.” (Deut. 3:11) Therefore, while we are serving Jehovah for a long time, let us take every opportunity to learn more about our loving Father, Jehovah.

17-18. Why can we say that we will never cease to worship Jehovah?

WHAT’S IN THE PHOTOS Keep in mind: Ebed-Melek was trying to get Jeremiah out of the prison. Axis 18: A depressed brother reflects on how Jehovah helped him do his duty at the weekly meeting.

ALEKE NÀƔO WO ŊUI?

■ What does it mean to know Jehovah?

■ Why Should We Continue to Love Jehovah?

■ How Can We Know Jehovah Better?

CHAPTER 28 We Are Jehovah’s Friends

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

HADZIDZI 79

Myefiaa Nu Wo Be Woanɔ Te Sesĩe

TAŊODZINUA

In this article, we will learn how to help our Bible students learn about Jehovah, recognize his characteristics, and know what is good and what is bad about him.

Help People Know Jehovah

“This is eternal life, that they may know you, the only true God.”—Jn. 17:3.

HOW DO YOU FEEL WHEN a Bible student attends your meetings, begins to talk about what he or she has learned, and after some time commits himself or herself to doing Jehovah’s will? You’re sure to be thrilled! And that makes us thank Jehovah, because he helps a Bible student to advance in the truth.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John 3, 4.

2 It is God’s will that “all mankind be destroyed, and that the true knowledge of the truth be given to them.” (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know him, to see what he does, and the good things he will do. (Jer. 9:24) This requires that they have true knowledge. What does “true knowledge” mean? Mephibosheth did not mean that people should only ask about God. A Bible scholar said that it is important that people learn and that what they learn “be made stronger and more likely to make changes in their lives.” When a Bible student comes to Jehovah, what he learns has an impact on his life. And this gave him the chance to see “eternal life.”—John 17:3.

3 Jehovah gives us a great opportunity to help others understand him. In this article, we’ll look at the following questions: Why is it important for Bible students to know God properly? How can we help them know who he is? And how can we help them to do what he wants them to do?

1. How do you feel when one of your Bible students begins to worship Jehovah?

2. What is Jehovah’s will for Bible students? —1 Timothy 2:3, 4.

3. What will we study in this chapter?

20

Do they apply what they learn about Jehovah in their lives?

HOW THE BIBLE TEACHES US TO LOVE GOD

4 Jesus said that it is a great commandment to love Jehovah with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) Before a Bible disciple can love Jehovah, he or she must know him well. We want a Bible disciple to be baptized because he or she loves Jehovah, not because he or she wants to be like us, or because he or she wants to be friends with other Jews, or because he or she likes some of the Bible’s teachings. Therefore, our primary goal when we study the Bible with others should be to help them know and love Jehovah.

5 When a Bible disciple becomes fond of Jehovah and loves him, it is easy for him to come back. Jesus made it easy for those who love God to come back, saying: “That the world may know that I love the Father, I do what the Father has commanded me to do.” (John 14:31) Thus, a Bible disciple who loves Jehovah very much wants to devote himself completely to him.—1 John 5:3.

6 In many cases, Bible learners who know Jehovah well do well. For example, if a person wants to be a birdwatcher, it is not enough to learn about birds or write about them. It is also necessary to spend some time with the birds to learn how they fly and to learn how to distinguish between different types of birds. Thus, to know Jehovah well, it is not enough to study the Bible. It is also necessary to put what you learn into practice. By doing so, he will see that the Bible’s teachings are working. This will help him understand God better, and if he recognizes how God is helping him, he will be able to understand the situation better.

(Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) These issues helped Joseph understand God’s views on marriage and sexuality. Joseph became so familiar with God that he responded to Potifar’s husband’s criticisms by saying, “How can I do this great evil and sin against God?” (Genesis 39:7-9) Joseph recognized the things that were right for him and the things that were wrong for God. He knew that some actions could provoke God’s anger. If we help our Bible students learn more about Jehovah, they will learn more about him, too.

SEE WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS ABOUT GOD'S WORSHIP FOR PEOPLE

8 How can you help your Bible students learn more about who Jehovah is? Jehovah asked Job five different questions to help him learn more about himself.

4. As faithful Bible students, what should be our goal? (Mark 12:30)

5. What will your Bible student do if he loves Jehovah?

6. How will your Bible student benefit from learning more about Jehovah? Use his example.

7. How did Jehovah help Joseph to speak clearly?

8. How can you use the book Look Forward to Eternity! to help your students learn exactly who God is?

JULY 2026 21

Questions That Make Students Think Before They Do

There are a number of general questions in the book Watch Over Me Forever! that are designed to help students become more pleased with Jehovah. Some of them are:

“Is Jehovah displeased with those who spread the good news?” (Section 21)

“What have you learned about Jehovah and Jesus that would convince you that it is right to destroy these human powers and their authorities [at Armageddon]?” (Section 33)

“Is God pleased when you act wisely and do right? Why did you do so?” (Lesson 34)

“If we let go of someone who does not love God, how do you think God will feel about it?” (Lesson 42)

“What does this verse tell us about Jehovah’s [dedication]?” (Lesson 56)

“How does the way Jehovah deals with sinners show that he is a loving, understanding, and merciful God?” (Section 57)

(Job 38:1–41:34) We can also work on these questions when we are in trouble. The questions in the book Look Forever to the Sky! are designed to help your students learn more about Jehovah’s characteristics. (See the section entitled “Questions to Ask Before Studying.”) Use these questions to help your students learn more about who God is.

9 When we study the Bible with others, we encourage them to read the Bible every day.* How can we help them to enjoy reading the Bible? We can encourage them to reflect on why God wrote that passage in his Word every time they read it, and to identify Jehovah’s qualities in what they read. This is exactly how disciple Jacob used to study Job. He saw that Job had endured many hardships, but he also learned from Job’s story that Jehovah’s will is often merciful and compassionate. —Read James 5:11.

10 I want our Bible students to see how each of the Bible’s stories shows what is true and what is not. For example, suppose your student has looked at the “Do You Want to Read the Bible?” box in Watch Out! and told you she wants to read Daniel.

* In chapter 5 of the book Watch Out Forever!, students are encouraged to: “Use the ‘Keep Reading the Bible’ program to help you read the Bible more.”

9-10. (a) What helps students learn more about the Bible? (James 5:11) (b) Here are examples of how Bible stories help students identify what is right and what is wrong with Jehovah.

APPENDIX 22

Tell your student to focus on what he or she knows about Jehovah when he or she has a difficulty understanding a part of the Bible. (See notes 12-13.)

What can you do? You can encourage him to think about the following questions as he reads: ‘Why did Jehovah look upon Daniel? What does this story have to do with Jehovah?’ (Dan. 6:10, 22) The student may also ask: ‘What happened to the men who followed Daniel? What does this story have to do with Jehovah?’ (Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) In addition, he can think about other characteristics of Jehovah that he sees in the story.—Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 When our Bible students find that what they are learning is beneficial to them, we are pleased. But it is important that we help them understand that what they are learning comes from Jehovah, the Great Master. (Isaiah 30:20, 21) Whether our students are grateful to us for what they have learned or disappointed by how we are treating them, even though these things are not harmful, we should always remind them that it is Jehovah who is to be thanked, and that he is the cause of all evil.

GET TO KNOW MORE ABOUT THE PROJECT

12 In order for true knowledge to work, we must put what we have learned into practice. So how can you help your student to put what he has learned into practice? For example, if he is reading a passage of the Bible and has a hard time understanding it, he may want to focus on what he knows about Jehovah. Or maybe he is reading a Bible story and finds out that Jehovah pardons some people but has mercy on others, which surprises him. If that is the case, how can you help your student to understand things better?

13 Encourage him to reflect on what he has learned about Jehovah. Le

11. How can we help our Bible students see that what they are studying is from Jehovah?

12-13. How did Jehovah help a disciple when he had difficulty understanding a Bible story? (See also the picture.)

JULY 2026 23

For example, how does God treat mankind? (2 Pet. 3:9) What great things does he do to save us even though we are sinners? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Does he forgive those who do not forgive him? But does he forgive those who do not forgive him? (Exodus 34:6, 7) Sometimes the Bible does not describe an event that makes it possible for us to fully understand why he does forgive in some ways. And we don’t have to know that fact. We know our God, and we are sure that he always does forgive.

14 There is another way you can help your Bible student put what he has learned about Jehovah into practice. Perhaps your student attends meetings, but it is difficult for him to love a brother more than he does. Perhaps the brother has done something that makes him feel guilty. If that is the case, you can encourage your student to consider how Jehovah treats our brothers and ask himself, “What did Jehovah do to show that he loves all his subjects?” (John 3:16) How important is our unity to Jehovah? (Psalm 133:1) How does Jehovah feel when we strive for peace with our brothers and sisters? (2 Cor. 13:11) Help your student understand that it pleases Jehovah when we focus on the good of our brothers and sisters, not on their problems.

15 For example, help your student to put into practice what he has learned about Jehovah when he has to make a critical decision. You can use chapter 35, “How to Get Out of a Dilemma,” in the book Forever Happy! to help him. But what if your student follows the advice and prays out of a dilemma, but finds it difficult to get out of it? Perhaps he recognizes many Bible principles, but does not know how to apply them to his situation. If so, consider the example Jesus gave. What does Jesus do that helps him get out of a dilemma? He said: “I do not always do things that are against [my Father]”. (Read John 8:29.) And the student should ask himself, ‘When I look at my research and what I know about Jehovah, what decisions should I make that are in accordance with him?’ And he should recognize that every decision that is in accordance with Jehovah is the best decision.

14. How can you help your disciple if he or she finds it difficult to love a brother or sister?

Help your Bible student learn how to become loyal to Jehovah (See notes 15-16)

15-16. (a) How can a Bible student learn about Jesus when he or she needs to speak out about something? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help her disciple to speak out? (See also the picture.)

24 GB BETA BLOOD

16 A woman in Chile who was studying the Bible needed help with a particular issue. Her family wanted her to take a job that would pay her well, but she couldn’t go to church regularly. Marianne, her Bible teacher, said: “I encouraged her to think about how she could make Jehovah happy about herself. Would she please Jehovah or not? I also encouraged her to pray earnestly about the issue when she saw how God answered her prayers. She didn’t like the job, and soon she found another job that made her able to give all the classes.” Marianne noticed that instead of giving up on the student, she was giving herself time to reflect on what she learned about Jehovah. This helped the student and Marianne become closer, and most importantly, they grew in love with Jehovah. Marianne said: “[The student] realized that when we put Jehovah’s service first, it comes to us.”

GOD IS THE ONE WHO IS ALWAYS DREAMING OF THE NEW DAY

17 The Bible study we do with people helps them understand many of the Bible’s teachings. For example, they learn about human nature, why Jesus died for us, and what the Kingdom will do. They learn about Jehovah’s organization, how we conduct our meetings, the organization of our conferences, and the work of the Watch Tower. But we want our students to know more about these things. We want them to learn more about God.

(Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, all those who ‘know Jehovah, the true God,’ will enjoy eternal life. (1 John 5:20) But that is not all. The Bible says that ‘Jehovah God knows’ all those who have come to know and love him. (1 Corinthians 8:3) Yes, the Almighty God recognizes us and makes us his friends. What a great joy it is to know the one true God!

17. In addition to the biblical truths we teach our disciples, what is the most important thing we want them to know?

18. What experiences do those who have come to know Jehovah have now, and what experiences will they have in the future?

WHAT’S IN THE PHOTOS Oct. 24: Marianne’s Bible Student Says She Won’t Receive a Job.

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ Why Should Bible Students Learn About Jehovah?

■ How can we help Bible students to know exactly who Jehovah is?

■ How can we help a Bible student to put into practice what he has learned about Jehovah?

ARTICLE 84 What Do We Do?

AGBEMEŊUTINYA

I Didn’t Let Jehovah Turn Away from Me

ABE ALE SI KEN KIUCHI GBLƆE ENE

ONE day I started working at the Brooklyn Bethel library in New York City, New York. As I walked into the library, the noises of the library machines and their uninterrupted work made me feel like I was in a library. The noise of the papers being moved and the sounds of the people in the library made me feel like I was in a library.

Another thing I noticed that struck me was the young men and women who worked there. Although their work required them to do the same thing all the time, they enjoyed doing it. Their work was not seen by others, but they were motivated to do it. Their good examples showed me what it means to worship God in humility.

As the years went by, Jehovah was constantly changing my attitude toward him so that I could serve him better. But first, let me tell you how I mistook the truth when I was a Buddhist.

MEDI MAWU LE NYE ĐEVIME

They live in Chicago, Illinois, USA, and there is a lake. We are two brothers, and I am the youngest. Some of them are Japanese who moved to Chicago to continue their lives in America, as many people wanted at the time. They wanted their children to go to the best schools, and have a better life.

My grandparents were Buddhist monks. There was a Buddha temple in the area where I lived. My grandfather and two grandmothers were Buddhist monks. Therefore, Buddhism influenced me deeply since I was a child. When I left school, the first thing I did was to walk to the Buddha statue in our home, and I did not walk with the Buddha statue. On Sundays, we went to the Buddhist temple and prayed in front of the large Buddha statue, which was covered with tobacco.

I remember when I was about 30 years old, I was standing in a temple and wondering, ‘What will happen to me after I die?’ Buddhism teaches us that we will live in a spiritual universe after death. Maybe I didn’t, I felt like I would die one day. Maybe I would become a spirit, but I wouldn’t live as a human being. I was so sorry! I didn’t feel like I could do anything about it.

By the time I was about 15 years old, there was no meaning in Buddhism for me. I didn’t want anything in life that I hadn’t seen before. (Matthew 5:3) I was alone.

26 ANNEX

I don’t believe in the existence of a supernatural God. I don’t believe in it. And I don’t think the Bible will help me. So I bought a new King James Version Bible (Bible du roi Jacques). No, I didn’t find it in a Buddhist temple.

When I was 17, a brother named Wilson Bashou asked me, “Do you know what God has promised to do in the future?” This question made us study the Bible intensively. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 and asked, “What do the ‘many sheep’ on which the sheep are sitting’ mean?” I didn’t know anything about it. He quoted chapter 15, which says that the sheep are symbols of people. His example showed me how Jehovah’s Witnesses use the Bible, and I was impressed. Before Wilson left, he gave me a booklet entitled The Truth that Leads to Eternity. The book has changed my life.

Six weeks later, I attended my first meeting in the Kingdom Hall. I was very well received by the brothers. Since then, I haven’t stopped attending. Brother Wilson came to study the Bible with me. I learned so much that sometimes we spent seven hours together! Some of my friends were very disappointed, so they didn’t want me to study the Bible with them. But I didn’t stop. The more I learned, the more I became convinced that it was the truth. I was baptized in 1983.

MEDZUDZO UNIVERSITY IN THE WORLD

I attended a college and decided to become an evangelist when I graduated. Some people spent a lot of money to get into college, but I didn’t want to go to college, but I didn’t want to put my best to serve Jehovah all the time.

When I was 13, I was in a school where I was told that if I didn’t go to college, I wouldn’t be able to get a job. I was so upset and sad. I loved my parents so much that I didn’t want to be angry with them. That’s why I often walked around the school grounds in the evening and prayed to Jehovah, “Lord, help me if I can’t get a job.” Then I decided to go out of college. The school was in trouble. So I called Wilson and told him what was happening. He wanted me to go to him. I put my stuff in a box and walked to him. I realized that my heart was breaking right away. I realized that I was wrong.

I felt like I had been taken out of the woods! I wanted to dedicate myself to the ministry. So I started the mission in 1984.

One day, I felt like I couldn’t go to the church. I didn’t have anyone to go with me, and that made me feel bad. But I tried. After a few hours of preaching, I decided to preach to a few people in a church before I went to the church. I went to the church alone, with no one around me, and the wind was blowing. I was always wondering, ‘Should I go on, or should I go away?’ As I was walking through the church for the third time, I saw a young man from the Philippines. I said to myself: ‘This man is not worth anything.

I and Wilson Basho, who speaks the truth of the Bible

JULY 2026 | 27

I'm taking people to the library in Brooklyn.

Me and Michiko Oda and her husband

I don’t know.’ But he wasn’t disappointed! He wanted to study the Bible with her, and she became a Jehovah’s Witness, too.

HOW GOD WORKS WITH YOU AT BROOKLYN BETEL

Two years after I met Wilson, I was invited to serve at Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As I got there, I was asked to work in the library. One day, while I was working on a book-writing machine, I made a mistake that caused hundreds of librarians to get upset. The brothers asked me to go and tell our director what had happened. I told him all about my mistake, but one thing I didn’t do. The director told me with force: “It’s always best to give up.” At that time, I learned how important it is to be honest with myself and say: “I don’t give up.”

The good examples of the young members of the Bethel family helped me understand the importance of serving others. One day, Brother Milton Henschel, who was then in the ministry, and I were sitting at the same table for a meal. The next day, we came close to the dining room, and the brothers who worked in the kitchen were busy preparing the food. I and the other young men sitting at the table were discussing the importance of donating food. Brother Henschel didn’t respond, but instead stood up at the table and helped the brothers prepare the pots filled with wine and the jars filled with wine. The example of Brother Henschel is something I’m not going to write about, and I don’t remember how Jesus served his apostles.—John 13:3-5.

“DZE AGBAGBA NÀSRƐ JAPANE!”

When I returned to Japan in 1987, I was impressed by the willingness of the brothers to devote themselves to the ministry. I wanted to help them, but the problem was that I didn’t speak Japanese. A sister at the Bethel, Michiko Oda, looked at me and said, “Try to learn Japanese!” And that’s exactly what I did. I didn’t know that her words would come back to me.

28 GBETACROHO

A few years later, I was sent to a Japanese congregation in New York City. As I learned Japanese, many opportunities opened up for me to do more for Jehovah God. In 1989, I attended a large Japanese conference in Los Angeles, California. It was my first time attending such a conference. During the conference, I met a Japanese missionary sister named Miwako Onami, who was among the performers, and I was impressed by her.

I and Miwako divorced in 1992, and we were given the opportunity to serve together at Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako was a good-natured, kind-hearted, and always willing to help. Her good qualities helped me not to change my way of dealing with people. Miwako was my sister from Jehovah. She always made me feel good and happy.

OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH JAPAN'S PRESIDENT, PRESIDENT AND PRESIDENT'S OFFICER

After some time, my brother and I started to work together. The organization helped us and referred us to the Japan office, so we could apply to them. We went to Japan in 1999.

The Bethel community in Japan welcomed us warmly, and we were able to experience life there. The Japanese brothers were remarkably open-minded and open-minded, and I learned from their example that things are getting better. They are not afraid of new things. And they are willing to work hard on the islands. Where does this come from? The Japanese culture encourages people to work together towards a common goal, rather than doing something on their own to achieve their own goals. Their good examples encouraged me to humble myself to work with more people, and to pay more attention to what I was doing in pursuit of Jehovah’s whole plan.

However, because things are different where I live, it is sometimes difficult for me to understand why people see things in a certain way. I need to learn to be humble, and not to do things wrong. In my life, I have changed the way I approach things. I have learned that Jehovah can change things for me—

Our Marriage

We’ll be able to take each step as long as we follow the direction given to us by his organization. In other words, Jehovah keeps things going.

I often compare the way God turned to me at Bethel to the way he turned to the prophet Moses. God helped Moses learn strength during his 40 years as a shepherd. Like Moses, I didn’t progress at school, which made me feel sad and uncomfortable. But service at Bethel taught me to humble myself to Jehovah. The way God turned to Moses, the same way he turned to me as the years went by.

We visited Miwako’s parents for 24 years until she died. During her illness, we spent time with her and the doctors who cared for her, we often went to bed with her; and we were sometimes depressed. Miwako’s mother, Masako, was so ill that she could not walk. It was not easy for Masako to attend church meetings or go to church. During the weeks leading up to her death, she needed to be in a shelter.

JULY 2026 29

In spite of all these difficulties, Masako’s love for Jehovah did not diminish, and you’ll be amazed at how much he loved the truth even in the most difficult times. Masako’s devotion to worship and her willingness to give up and be happy in all circumstances impressed me so much that I wanted to follow her example.

In 2024, we had a big change. We were sent to Okinawa. We had served at Bethel for more than 30 years. We were the first volunteers on the islands of Okinawa, and we had the opportunity to visit the prisoners in a nearby prison. The good experience we had at Bethel helped us adapt more easily to the new work. We made some good arrangements for our travels, and we used our time in the best possible way so that we could go to the ministry. Jehovah helped us find Bible learners who were like prisoners to us. We have realized how much more important it is to love others now. Mi-wako and I thank Jehovah every day for all the good things he has done for us.

I WANT GOD'S HAND TO BE WITH ME

My friends don’t stand up to me now, but they don’t come to worship with me anymore. Jesus promised that one hundred of those who would leave their friends and become his disciples now would be given a great reward by God. (Mark 10:29, 30) That’s what happened to me. I can’t count how many friends I have in the world who I love and give so much of myself for them.

I still have a copy of Wilson’s book with me today. When I first saw it, I remembered how much love Jehovah had shown me for the truth. (1 Chronicles 28:9) I decided that I would try to find a way to keep converting myself, and to help others learn the truth that leads to eternal life.

When I was working at the Japan Branch Office

Me and Miwako are staying in Okinawa

30 APPENDIX

You and Your Neighbor's House Go to Kaba!

If a spouse has done something so bad to you that you are not living with him or her? In order to prepare yourself and your spouse to become close friends, you must: (1) let go of it, and (2) do it wisely.*

For example, if you want to hurt someone's leg, you have to turn your head toward the foot so that it will not hurt you. But if you do not turn your head toward the foot, the person will continue to hurt you, because it is obvious that the foot will not feel well and will not work properly.

Just as it is necessary to put an end to anger, so it is necessary for us to put an end to our differences with our fellow Christians. If you do not do so, you should be angry because something has damaged your friendship. Be kind to one another and do not break up again. Jesus said: “Get away from one another.” (Matt. 5:25) Therefore, be kind to your neighbor and take care of your anger. Why is that helpful? Consider the following two things.

Second: Doesn’t it make you feel guilty because it’s hard for you to get away from someone? # Consider the case of two Christians, Evia and Sintike. They had a long-standing dispute and didn’t care about each other. It seems that the dispute lasted for a long time because even when the apostle Paul was in Rome, he was concerned about the dispute. He urged them to do everything possible to make peace. (Philippians 4:2) If they abstain, talk about the dispute, and show compassion for each other, they will become more worthy of love.

Second: You may think that someone else is the cause of your grief, and that’s why it should come to you. But it’s important that you focus on your grief, not on the person who is the cause of it. For example, if someone is sick and a doctor is looking after him, the doctor’s focus is on how to treat the person, not on what the person did before he got sick. Therefore, when you’re sick, you don’t have to focus on the person who is the cause of your grief. Instead, you need to focus on how you’re dealing with it and what you can do to resolve it.

Therefore, if you have a problem with a brother or sister, try to talk to him or her today, if you can find a way to resolve it before you become close friends. “Let him not take hold of your hearts.” (Eph. 4:26) When you take these steps and prepare yourselves together, you and your partner will enjoy the “cloud of comfort” that we share.—Eph. 4:1-3.

(Matt. 5:23, 24) In some difficult situations, we can call upon the help of our congregations. (Matt. 18:17) But before a Christian turns to the help of the elders, he or she must first follow the advice in Matthew 18:15, 16. # If a brother or sister does something to you that does not damage your friendship with him or her, you can take a stand against it.—Luke 26:20.

JULY 2026 31

THE WORSHIP OF GOD IN THE WORSHIP OF THE WORSHIP OF GOD

July 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 7 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena September 7-13 | 2

Learn from the Example of the Gibeonites

Nusosonyati hena September 14-20 | 8

The Words in the Book of Isaiah May Come to You

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena September 21-27 | 14

What You Need to Know About Jehovah’s Witnesses

Nusosonyati hena September 28–October 4 | 20

Help People Know Jehovah

AGBEMEŊUTINYA | 26

I Didn’t Let Jehovah Turn Away from Me

Keep Yourself and Your Neighbor Safe! | 31

IN ASIA KPƆ

How to Get Your Questions Answered

In our congregational meetings, we have the opportunity to share our thoughts and encourage each other. (Heb. 10:24, 25) How can you make your thoughts appeal to others?

• Pray to Jehovah. Ask him to help you make your words resonate with him and encourage others.—Ps. 35:18.

• Try to focus on your own experiences rather than reading the book in detail. If you focus on your own experiences, the way you live your faith will affect others.

• Be brief in your answers. If your answers are brief, they will encourage the audience and give others the opportunity to respond.—Luke 10:19.

• Have a good reason when you answer questions. Don’t use your answers as a pretext to harass or insult a member of the church or a brother.

Even if you don’t have the opportunity to respond, you can encourage others. Stay away from them when they are responding, and be grateful for what they say.—Luke 10:21.

We don’t want you to download this book. It’s part of a worldwide Bible charity funded by volunteers. If you’d like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

The verses we quote in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, but we have given them a different focus.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the jw.org database, or scan this code on your device

JW.ORG

w26.07-EW