JANUARY 2026

GOVERNMENT OF THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY

THE WORSHIP OF GOD IN THE WORSHIP OF GOD

MESSAGES FOR 2026:

“The wise are those who know that they need spiritual things.”—MATTH. 5:3.

ANNUAL REPORT: MARCH 2–APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

HADZIDZI 97

God's Word Is Everywhere We Go

TAŊODZINUA

In this article, we’ll look at what Jehovah gives us to enjoy, and how we can make it work for us.

I’ve Been Looking at You Through ‘Gratitude Needs’

MESSAGES FOR 2026:

“The wise are those who know that they need spiritual things.”—MATTH. 5:3.

For example, in order to survive, we need food, warmth, and shelter. If we lack any of these essential things, even for a short period of time, life will be easy for us. While we need these physical things, Jehovah knows that we also need spiritual things. (Read Matthew 5:3.) If we want to enjoy life truly, we need to recognize and take care of these needs.

2 What does it mean to ‘be in need of spiritual things’? The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The word refers to a man who is in need of spiritual things. He is in need of spiritual things. He is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things. The Greek word ‘necessity’ refers to someone who is in need of spiritual things This is because they are the ones who have the power to do what God wants them to do, and they are the ones who have the power to do what God wants them to do.

3 In this article, let’s first look at what we can learn from

1. What are some of the essential needs of mankind? (Matthew 5:3)

2. Give an example of what it means for a person to give in to his ‘emotional needs’.

3. What will we study in this chapter?

2

The woman who asked Jesus to help her was humbled, she refused, and she showed her faith.

(See note 5)

Let’s look at the story of the woman who asked Jesus to help her. This story highlights three important qualities that those who know that they have spiritual needs should have. We can learn from the examples of the apostles Peter, Paul, and King David, who were also concerned about their spiritual needs.

DOKUIBƆBƆ, TAMANAMANA, KPLE XƆSE’S WORLD CUP

4 One day, a woman from Phoenicia came to Jesus and said, “My daughter-in-law is sorely troubled by demons.” (Matt. 15:21-28) She came to Jesus and asked him to help her. Let’s look at some of the characteristics of the woman who came to Jesus.

5 For the woman is herself. Why do we say that? For Jesus gave a parable, and in the parable he put a woman with a rope, which was a great disgrace to the Gentiles. The woman did not think that Jesus put her with a rope. If so, do you think? Do you think that Jesus did not help her before? But the woman did not do so. Not only did she humble herself, but she did not give up. This was based on the way she insisted on asking Jesus to help her. What did she give up? Faith. This woman was so affected by Jesus that even though Jesus had previously told her that she was going to be sent to “the sheep of the land of Israel,” Jesus helped her. By the faith of this pagan woman, Jesus expelled the unclean spirit from her daughter-in-law.

6 In order to satisfy our spiritual needs, it is necessary that we also possess these qualities.

4. What did the Phoenician woman ask Jesus to do for her?

5. What difficult situation did the woman face, and how did Jesus help her? (See also the picture.)

6. What do we learn from the story of the Phoenician woman?

JANUARY 2026 3

We must humble ourselves, have good faith, and not give up. Only the humble will continue to seek God’s help. We must also accept Christ Jesus as our Savior and help those who are in need. (Matt. 24:45-47) Jehovah and God are willing to help those who show these characteristics with what they need. (Corresponds to James 1:5-7.) Now let’s look at how Jehovah spiritually nourishes us, how he helps us to become new human beings, and how he cares for us. However, a study of the examples of Peter, Paul, and King David will help us to see what we need to do so that what God does for us will work for us.

GOD'S WORSHIP TO PETRO ENE

7 Consider the example of the apostle Peter, who was one of the first Jews to recognize Jesus as the Messiah. He discovered that Jehovah was interested in speaking “eternal words” to people. (John 6:66-68) Before Jesus died after his resurrection, he instructed Peter: “Eat my sheep.” (John 21:17) Peter did this faithfully, and Jehovah God used him to write two letters that became part of the Bible. But Peter also needed to eat spiritual food, or study God’s Word thoroughly. For example, he studied the Bible books written by the inspired apostle Paul. Peter was convinced that some of Paul’s writings were “hard to understand.” (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) But Peter obviously didn’t. He believed that God would help him to eat the “hard food” of Paul’s letters or to understand and follow them. —Read Hebrews 5:14–6:1.

8 Because Peter took God seriously, he responded to the critics. For example, while he was in Joppa, he saw an angel who told him to eat the fruits of the trees that the Jews were not allowed to eat according to the law of Moses. Peter, who was a Jew, knew that he was not fit to eat the fruits of the trees. Instead, Peter replied, “Let it be, Lord, for I have not eaten anything impure or unclean.” The angel said to him, “It is evil to call things that God has commanded to be impure.” (Acts 10:9-15) Peter was encouraged and changed his mind. What did we do? Soon after the criticism, three men came to Peter. (Acts 10:28, 29) But when God told Peter that he wanted all people to know the good news, Peter immediately turned to God. (Acts 4:18) After he had preached to Cornelius and his family, God sent the Holy Spirit on them, and they were baptized.—Acts 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, we must continue to study the Word of God. For while we often enjoy reading parts of the Word that are easy to misunderstand, it is also necessary that we continue to study the Word of God in its entirety.

7. What was given to Peter, but what was required of him? Yes. (Hebrews 5:14–6:1)

8. How did Peter react when God revealed His grace to the new kings?

9. In what two ways does studying the truths in God’s Word benefit us?

APPENDIX 4

Why is this important? It will help us in two ways. First, it will help us to learn more about Jehovah, which will increase our love for him and bring us closer to him. Second, it will help us to share the lessons we have learned about our inner Father with others. (Rom. 11:33; Deut. 4:11) Another lesson we can learn from Peter’s example is that when Jehovah’s heavenly body changes the way we understand some part of God’s Word, we must accept it and immediately change our attitudes and practices. These things will help us continue to serve Jehovah faithfully, and he will continue to use us.

READ WHAT PAUL SAYED ABOUT HIMSELF

10 In order to be pleasing to God, we must put on the new human being. What does this mean? The Apostle Paul said: “Let go of the old human being... and put on the new human being.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) It takes time and effort before we can put on the new human being to be pleasing to God. Consider Paul himself. As a young man, he did a lot of things with the aim of being pleasing to God. (Gal. 1:14; Phil. 3:4, 5) But he did not know the best way to serve God to be pleasing to him. He did not know the truth about Jesus. He himself called one of them “a man of no dignity.”—1 Tim. 1:13.

11 Before Paul became a Christian, he suffered from anxiety. The book of Acts tells us that Paul had such anxiety about Jesus’ disciples that he “was overcome with wrath and the spirit of death.” (Acts 9:1) It is not surprising that when Paul became a Christian, he tried to overcome his anxiety and became a man of great anger. (Ephesians 4:22, 31) However, when Paul and Barnabas had a dispute, “they were very angry with one another.” (Acts 15:37-39) In this instance, Paul did not do what God wanted him to do. But he did not. She became more and more determined to overcome these obstacles in order to become closer to Jehovah.—1 Cor. 9:27.

12 Paul’s ability to overcome his evil attitudes and embrace the new human nature was helped by the fact that he did not rely on himself. (Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul relied on “the power of God.” (1 Pet. 4:11) Even though he was sometimes depressed by his adversities, when he did, he reflected on the good things that God had done for him, which strengthened his determination to do what was right for him. —Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Regardless of how long we have been serving Jehovah, we need to learn more about Paul’s urge to put our old human nature aside and take on the new human nature from God. It may be that we are facing a major challenge. For example, if we do not care about or treat someone properly, we should not think that we have done so. Rather, we should determine to make changes in our attitudes and behavior. (Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) But if we do not care about or treat someone properly, we may find ourselves in a situation where we are unable to do so.

10. Based on Colossians 3:8-10, what should we do to please Jehovah?

11. Why should Paul be so eager to eat? Here.

12. What helped Paul to overcome some difficulties?

13. How can we learn from Paul?

JANUARY 2026 5

We need to continue to study God’s Word so that God will guide us, show us the qualities that make us like God, and allow Him to take care of us.

(See note 18)

In doing so, we must remember this important message: If we want to improve our condition, we need to try to understand what God wants from us and live according to it.

READ DAVID WITH GOD'S ASSISTANCE

14 In order to find true happiness, we need not only to study God’s Word and strive to become a new human being, but also to receive the blessing of God. How does God look after us, and what can we do to help him look after us?

15 King David was confident that God would protect him in difficult times. (Read Psalm 27:5.) How does God look after his servants today? God protects his people from everything that could permanently disrupt their faith. He promises that every trial they face will not increase. (Ps. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Satan, demons, and our enemies are powerful, but God is stronger than them. Even if we are defeated, God will raise us up. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Rev. 21:3, 4) Even when we are in trouble and we are disappointed, God gives us strength to continue to stand firm. (Lk. 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) Our Father wants our brothers and sisters to encourage us and help us through difficult times, and we want our brothers and sisters to encourage us and help us grow in faith. (Isaiah 32:1, 2) And in our meetings, we learn what we can do so that Jehovah will help us and look after us.—Hebrews 10:24, 25.

16 When David turned to Jehovah, he learned that he was being careful with his words, which pleased him.—Proverbs 5:1, 2. But if I did not obey Jehovah’s commandments, he—

14-15. How does Jehovah look after his people? (Psalm 27:5) (See also the picture below.)

16. How did Jehovah see David?

APPENDIX 6

(2 Sam. 12:9, 10) But what about times when David finds that other people’s actions are not good for him? When that happens, David prays to Jehovah and tells him what he feels, and Jehovah comforts David by reaffirming that he loves him and is grateful to him.—Ps. 23:1-6.

(Gal. 6:7, 8) However, it can also happen that when we trust Jehovah, we do not give in to the things that come from our own wrong decisions. In these difficult times, we can pray to Jehovah to help us to give up, so that he can comfort us and show us that he loves us.—Philip. 4:6, 7.

YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE WHO HAS ‘THE BOOKS’

18 The motto of 2026 says: “The righteous are those who know that they need spiritual things.” This statement is more relevant today than at any other time. Why? Because many people today do not recognize that they need God and His angels. They also believe in God but prefer to serve Him in a way that depends on them. The foolish also rely on human pleasures that do not satisfy them. We must not allow ourselves to be influenced by their actions. But what do we do to continue to trust in Jehovah? We must continue to study God’s Word. We must continue to study God’s Word.

MARCH 9-15, 2026

CHAPTER 45 My Love Is With You

This article will help us understand what to do when we are depressed or sad.

You Can't Take Your Emotions for Given

“Oh, have mercy on me!”—ROMANS 7:24.

When you hear the name of the Apostle Paul, what comes to your mind? Do you think he was a great evangelist, a great warrior, or a great writer of the Bible? Yes, he was. But at times he was angry and sad. It seems that these feelings angered Paul as much as they angered many of us today.

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. In his letter to the Romans, Paul describes how he felt about himself. Many of us feel the same way about ourselves. Although Paul was a faithful Christian, he was doing something wrong. He was determined to do God’s will, but at the same time, he was forced to do things he did not want to do. However, when Paul looked back on what he had done before he became a Christian, he was deeply saddened. In addition, he was suffering from a life-threatening illness. All of these things made him saddened at times.

3 Although Paul was doing these things in his heart, he did not let his mind be influenced by evil emotions.* This story helps us to answer the following questions: What did Paul think was “pityful” in his heart? How did he deal with his evil emotions? And what helps us to deal with our evil emotions?

WHAT DOES PAULO LÉ BLANUI HAVE TO DO?

4 This is what he did. Before Paul, also known as Saul,

* FRIEND: In this article, the term “depressive emotions” refers to emotions that sometimes make us feel sad or uncomfortable. It does not refer to depressive disorder, which is a disease that should be treated.

1-2. How did the Apostle Paul feel at times, and how does his attitude compare to ours today? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What will we study in this article? (See also “Discourse.”)

4. What did Paul do that made him very angry?

8

When he became a Christian, he did things that happened later. For example, he was anxious and determined to kill the servant Stephen. (Acts 7:58; 8:1) Yet, he went ahead of the Christians in his determination to do so.—Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

5 When Paul became a Christian, he was deeply saddened by what he was doing. As the troubles continued, his involvement with Christians grew increasingly. For example, in his First Letter to the Corinthians, in chapter 55, he said: “I am not called an apostle, for I am not above the church of God.” (1 Cor. 15:9) Some five chapters later, in his letter to the Ephesians, he said that he was “the greatest of all saints.” (Eph. 3:8) When Paul was writing to Timothy, he described one of his disciples as “a liar and a deceiver and a man of no respect.” (1 Tim. 1:13) Consider how Paul felt when he visited churches and approached those who were unwilling to join him or those who were excessively greedy.

6 An evil in the flesh. Paul used the word “evil” to refer to “an evil in the flesh.” (2 Cor. 12:7) The apostle did not say exactly what it was, but the words he used suggested that it might have been a disorder, an evil in his heart, or something else that made him feel angry.*

(Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or he might have been deeply distressed by the false reports about Paul. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) Although Paul was not angry at all, he sometimes felt sorry.

5. How did the things Paul did before he became a Christian affect him?

6. What else did Paul not regret? (See also the epistle.)

(Read Romans 7:18, 19.) Paul said that, although he wanted to do that, he sometimes found himself doing things that were not right. He realized that he had to go through great hardships and evil desires before he could do things that were right in the sight of God. But Paul didn’t take that for granted. (1 Cor. 9:27) Imagine how bad it would be if he did the things he was trying so hard to do!

WHAT PAULO SAYED ABOUT THE SECOND SEASON OF THE WORLD WAR II

8 Paul’s letters seem to have reflected on how God’s spirit could help him and his fellow Christians to overcome evil habits and desires. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul often spoke about desires and practices that Christians should avoid in order to be pleasing to God. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) There is no doubt that Paul reflected on his own evil habits, read the Scriptures, and identified what he could do to overcome them. So we can be sure that he himself followed the advice he gave us to be pleasing to God.

9 Even though Paul was sometimes disappointed, he remained positive, which often gave him pleasure. For example, he enjoyed hearing good news about the churches. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) He also enjoyed the friendship he had with the brothers.

7. What motivated Paul to do this at times? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What did Paul do that helped him overcome some difficulties?

9-10. What helps Paul when he feels angry? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also the picture.)

JANUARY 2026 9

(2 Tim. 1:4) In fact, Paul enjoyed serving God with “pure hearts.” (2 Tim. 1:3) Even when he was imprisoned in Rome, he encouraged his fellow believers by saying: “Have joy in the Lord.” (Phil. 4:4) As you read Paul’s words, you will see that he did not always allow problems or hardships to make him sad. It is clear that when things that made him happy came to his mind, he immediately turned his attention away from them and focused on those things.

(Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) This reminded him that, through Jesus Christ, God had taken away his sins. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Even though Paul was imperfect and suffered a few injuries, he was able to do “the holy work of God” with joy.—Heb. 9:12-14.

11 But if, like Paul, we are doing things in our faith that don’t please Jehovah, we may feel sorry for ourselves. Sister Eliza, who is in her 20s, says: “When I think about what Paul said, it encourages me. When I realized that I wasn’t the only one who felt that way, I was very embarrassed. We also forget that Jehovah knows what his servants are going through.” Like Paul, what can we do to keep our minds clean and our hearts joyful even when we sometimes have some unpleasant feelings?

* Some names changed.

11. Why is Paul’s example so encouraging?

YOU ARE THERE FOR ME AND YOU ARE THERE FOR ME AND YOU ARE THERE FOR ME AND YOU ARE THERE FOR ME AND YOU ARE THERE FOR ME AND YOU ARE THERE FOR ME AND YOU ARE THERE FOR ME AND YOU ARE THERE FOR ME AND YOU ARE THERE FOR ME AND YOU ARE THERE FOR ME AND

12 Continue to do things that improve your relationship with Jehovah. Doing what we can for Jehovah helps us focus on the good things. We can match these things with the things we do to keep ourselves healthy. For example, if we eat well, sleep well, and work hard, we are healthy. But if we read God’s Word more, prepare for and attend meetings, and participate in the preaching ministry, our hearts are filled with joy and happiness. Doing these things helps us to overcome negative thoughts.—Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 Consider John, who was diagnosed with severe cancer when he was 39 years old. He was terrified and sad. He asked himself, ‘Why do I do this evil thing and don’t go anywhere?’ At that time, John’s son was only three years old. What helped John to stay calm? He said: “Even when I am in trouble, I make sure that my family does things that are good for Jehovah. We go to all the meetings and preach every week, and we do a great job even though it’s not always easy.” When John reflects on all the things he’s been through, he says: “When difficult times come, you may feel broken and sad, but when that happens, I see that Jehovah strengthens us and shows us that he loves us. He will strengthen you as well.”

14 Sister Eliza, about whom we have spoken here, said: “When I was not attending the meetings,

12. What benefits do we get from doing things that improve our relationship with Jehovah?

13-14. How does our devotion to Jehovah affect some faithful Christians?

APPENDIX 10

Even though Paul's experiences were sometimes aggressive, contemplation of sin helped him overcome these emotions (see notes 9-10).

When I’m in trouble, or when I’m studying on my own, I don’t remember that Jehovah loves me and takes care of me. That makes me happy.” Elder Nolan, a senior pastor in Africa, tells about what has helped him and his wife, Diane. He says: “We pray, we study the Bible, and we continue to attend meetings and lectures even when we’re in trouble. We’re always happy when Jehovah helps us. He keeps us aware that he’s there to help us; we don’t know exactly how he will do it, but we know that he will do it every day.”

15 There are other things we can do when we are sad and uncomfortable. For example, we can do the following: If you are sad and uncomfortable, you may want to go to the doctor and see a doctor. If you are sad and uncomfortable, you may want to go to the doctor and see a doctor. If you are sad and uncomfortable, you may want to go to the Bible and Bible study books and talk to a Christian who is not in faith about your feelings. There is something else that can help you.

16 Ask Jehovah to help you know exactly what you need. King David knew that God’s word was accurate. He asked Jehovah to help him identify the things that made his “mind wandering.” (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You too can ask Jehovah to help you identify what causes you to be sad and what you can do to calm your mind.

15. What do we need to do to overcome the emotions that make us angry? Give an example.

16. What will help you identify what causes false thoughts to come to you? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

JANUARY 2026 11

- "His wife": N-ɔ-v-i-n-y-ɔ-n-u. - "we": m-í-e-ƒ-o. - "because of": t-s-o-e v-a y-i. - "in his self-consciousness.": k-u n-u m-e t-s-o H-i-o-b ŋ-u. - "in his self-consciousness.": l-e e-ƒ-e ɖ-o-k-u-i-s-i-n-u-s-ɔ-s-r-ɔ̃ m-e-. - "He said: “I went through many difficulties at once.”" - "He said: “I went through many difficulties at once.”": E-g-b-l-ɔ b-e-: “-M-e-t-o (opening double quote). - "I went through": s-e-s-e (tilde on e). - "I went through": g-e-ɖ-e. - "I went through many difficulties.": ɣ-e-y-i. - "I went through many difficulties.": m-e-s-r-ɔ̃. - "Eto nɔnɔme sesẽ geɖe me si" - ends mid-sentence at "si" because the paragraph continues on the next page (page 13). Now Questions at the bottom: Question 17:

17. What words can you use to self-identify so that you can focus on what you want to do? (See also the picture.) - "17. What words can you use to self-identify so that you can focus on what you want to do? (See also the picture.)" - "na": n-à-t-e. - "na": a-z-ã. - "na": a-t-s-ɔ. - "na": a-w-ɔ. - "na": de-hyphenated from "na" / "na". - "na": n-à-n-ɔ -

(Job 42:1-6) A sister named Diane, who has been in trouble since then, says: “My husband and I have been studying the book Looking to Jehovah. We have learned that just as a tree turns its leaves to look for food, so does God turn its leaves to look for us. When we look to God for help, we are reminded that he is looking to us and wants to help us grow in humanity. It strengthens us and brings us closer together.”—Isaiah 64:8.

HOW DO WE KNOW THAT GOD IS WITH US AND WILL BE WITH US?

19 If we make ourselves self-conscious because of the lessons we have learned

19. How can we be selfish at times, but where do we end up?

In this article, we’re going to look at some of the emotions that we may experience at times. But if we do, we can rest assured that Jehovah will help us to detach ourselves from them so that we can enjoy more of our lives by doing things that please him and have a good relationship with him.

20 Let us make the determination not to let our problems, our past experiences, or our own mistakes take away our joy. Jehovah will help us to be comforted when we are disheartened. (Ps. 143:10)

MARCH 16-22, 2026

HADZIDZI 20

Give Your Love to Your Son

TAÐODZINUA

In this article, we will look at how sin can cause God to forgive us our sins, so that we become perfect, and have a closer relationship with God.

What You Need to Know

“Who is the one to be saved from this curse?”—ROMANS 7:24.

A man is in a hospital. He is still alive, but he is not able to go to the wounded. The only thing he can do is to cry and wait for the hospital to come to him.

2 Each of us is in the same condition. Why? Because Adam failed to believe in the Creator, he fell into sin. We, the descendants of Adam, also fell into sin. This made the entire human race into sin. And like the man who was broken, we are not able to rise from our own sin. We need help. In the letter that the apostle Paul wrote to the Romans, he said how the sin in which we are led us to sin in ourselves. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) He needed someone to free him from “this curse.” Paul realized that he couldn’t be freed from the sin that led him to death. (Rom. 6:23) We are in the same situation. And we need someone to free us!

3 When Paul had finished speaking about his miserable condition, he said, “Who will save me from this calamity?” We have hope in the words he continued to say, “Thank be to God through Jesus Christ our God!” (Rom. 7:25) Paul was concerned with the sacrifice of Jesus.

* Sacrifice: The sacrifice of Jesus is the sacrifice that was paid for all human beings in order to save them from sin and death.

1-2. Why is it necessary for us to be cast out, and why? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also the picture.)

3. In what ways does the river have an effect on us?

14

Just as it was necessary for a man to be helped when he was in trouble, so it was necessary for the sin in which we were to be helped (see paragraphs 1-2)

We learn that: (1) Jehovah takes away our sins, (2) there is hope that we can become perfect, and (3) there can be a relationship between man and God. By studying these things, we will grow in love with Jehovah, “the God of hope.” (Rom. 15:13) We will grow in appreciation for Jesus, “the one through whom [God] rescued us from death.”—Col. 1:14.

HOW DO WE KNOW THAT GOD IS LIVING IN OUR HEARTS

4 In order for God to take our sins on us, we need to die. Because we are imperfect, we all sin or fail in our words and deeds. (Read Proverbs 7:20.) Some sins are reminiscent. For example, under the Law of Moses, if a person hurt or assaulted another person, he would be put to death. (Leviticus 20:10; Numbers 35:30, 31) Some sins are not so reminiscent; however, sin is reminiscent of sin. For example, the prophet David said: “I will take heed to my ways, so that I will not sin against my neighbor.” (Psalm 39:1) This suggests that even some of our words can be sinful.—James 3:2.

5 Think about what you have said and done since then. Did you say something that happened to you later? Or did you leave something behind that happened to you later? There is no doubt that you will answer both these questions. The Bible says: “If we say, ‘We have no sin,’ we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.”—1 John 1:8.

6 Jehovah sent Jesus to suffer for us so that he could continue to pay the penalty for our sins. (Eph. 1:7) However, this does not mean that Jehovah takes our sins for granted. In fact, Jehovah is not pleased when we sin. (Isaiah 59:2) Since Jehovah is a just God who judges evil, he needs to do something to pay the penalty for our sins.

7 For the law of Moses commanded the children of Israel to offer sacrifices of beasts unto the LORD.

4-5. Why do we all need blood? (Proverbs 7:20)

6-7. Why is God willing to forgive our sins? (See also the picture.)

JANUARY 2026 15

(Leviticus 4:27-31; 17:11) These words are a prelude to Jesus’ sacrifice and the rewards it will bring. Jesus’ sacrifice is what God relies on to take away our sins. Paul recognized the good things that came out of Jesus’ sacrifice, and this is reflected in his letter to the Corinthians. After describing the wrongdoings in which they were guilty, he said: “You are not guilty; you are not guilty; but you are justified in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and in the spirit of our God.”—1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 As you prepare for this year’s Testimony, take some time to reflect on how God’s sacrifice has affected you. For example, you don’t have to be sorry for your past sins and repentance because of your sin. But what if you have to convince yourself that God has actually forgiven you for your past sins? You might say to yourself,

8. As you prepare for this year’s Testimony, what can you think about?

If you think so, remember that it is Jehovah alone who pardons sins, and who gives Him the power to judge us. Jehovah does not depend on you or anyone else to show mercy or not to show mercy. The Bible says: “If we walk in the light as [Jehovah] himself is in the light,... the light of Jesus Christ takes away every sin from us.”—1 John 1:6, 7. We should take this statement as we take other Bible teachings. This is the reason why Jehovah is willing to forgive us our sins, and the Word says that he ‘delightes in forgiveness.’—Ps. 86:5.

WE ARE HAPPY THAT YOU ARE HAPPY THAT YOU ARE HAPPY

9 In the Bible, the word “evil” refers to doing things that are not right, and refers to human-

9. What does the word “evil” mean in the Bible? (Psalm 51:5 and later)

The sacrificial animals offered by the Israelites to atone for their sins were a compensation for the sacrifice of Jesus and the consequent benefits.

(See notes 6-7)

Appendix 16

(Read Psalm 51:5 and the New American Standard Version.) Because of this state of affairs, evil thoughts enter our minds and we sometimes commit sins. Furthermore, our bodies do not function properly as God wants them to; we are weary, fatigued, and tired. This is why we see why even babies who have never sinned are tired and tired. And we see why evil and good people fall into evil and die. All of Adam’s offspring have fallen into this miserable state.

10 Consider how sin affected Adam and Eve. Sin and evil emotions enraged them. When they became rebellious against God, they became angry because they did not obey the commandments that Jehovah had given them. (Rom. 2:15) They immediately noticed a change. They felt the need to turn away from their Creator, and they worshipped him. (Genesis 3:7, 8) This was the first time Adam and Eve thought about themselves, felt angry, felt that they were inadequate, felt angry, and turned away from them. These feelings of anger continued until they died.—Genesis 3:16-19.

11 Because of our imperfections, we sometimes think of ourselves as being incomplete, and we become distressed. And because of our imperfections, we tend to think of ourselves as being overwhelmed and distressed. Regardless of what happens to us in life, we tend to deal with problems that we can’t do anything about. Why? The Bible says that we should “subdue ourselves to humility.” (Rom. 8:20) The same applies to us as individuals and to the whole community. For example, consider how much humans strive to build the earth, to put an end to evil, to put an end to war, and to bring peace among nations. Even though they try so hard, they never succeed. How can sin deliver us from the sin in which we are?

12 Hope gives us the hope that “the very nature of man will be removed... from the wickedness of corruption.” (Rom. 8:21) This means that when we are perfect in heaven, we will not be weary or tired. We will not be self-conscious or self-helpful, and we will not be disappointed. Moreover, the “King,” Jesus Christ, who bore sin for us, will reign to help mankind overcome all its problems.—Isaiah 9:6, 7.

13 Think about what life will be like for you when you’re full. Every day you’ll be in good health, not worried that you or your loved ones won’t have enough to eat, or that they won’t be able to go to work or go to bed. Even so, you may be able to move forward if you continue to take advantage of the “opportunity that is like a rope to our heads, which is secure and stable.” (Heb. 6:18, 19) Just as a rope is secure and stable, your hope can strengthen your faith and help you survive in any situation. Indeed, you can be sure that Jehovah will always be there for “those who are eager.”

10. How did sin damage Adam and Eve?

11. How do we feel about ourselves?

12. What opportunity do we have?

13. What else can you think about as you prepare for this year’s Testimony?

JANUARY 2026 17

Jesus’ love is what keeps us close to Jehovah (See Note 16)

(Hebrews 11:6) The grace of God gives us comfort in the present, as well as promises for the future.

WE WISH THAT OUR MEMBERS WOULD KNOW HOW TO GET THE BEST OUT OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.

14 Since Adam and Eve sinned, there has been no proper relationship between man and God. The Bible even says that sin has come to man from his Creator. (Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because God is perfect and does not tolerate sin. The Bible says of Jehovah: “Your eyes are so wide that you do not see evil, and you do not see iniquity.” (Heb. 1:13) Sin has become a great barrier between man and God. We cannot have a good relationship with Jehovah unless we remove the barrier. That barrier has become the barrier that makes us unable to approach Jehovah.

15 The Bible says that Jesus was “the atonement for our sins.” (1 John 2:2) How does Jesus’ sacrifice connect us with God? We need to know that Jesus’ death was not pleasing to God in any way. However, since God is a just atoning judge, there must be a reason for his love for mankind, and that atonement was necessary. (Rom. 3:23-26) Even before Jesus’ death, God considered his servants to be righteous. (Genesis 15:1, 6) How did that happen? God was very grateful for this. He assured his Son that he would always forgive sin. (Isaiah 55:11) 46:10) The flood made it possible for mankind to have a proper relationship with God.

16 Think carefully about the ways in which you experience your relationship with God. For example, you may call Jehovah “My Father,” as Jesus told us to do. (Matt. 6:9) Sometimes you may even call Jehovah “My Friend.” When we call Jehovah “My Father” or “My Friend,” we should do so in humility and with a different purpose.

14. How did sin break our relationship with our Creator, and why?

15. Where did the flood come from, and what did it do?

16. What else can you think about when you are ready to take a Testimony? (See also the picture.)

Annex 18

Why? Because we are sinful, it is not from ourselves that our relationship with God is not in order. Famine has made it impossible for us to know this. God, through Jesus, “prepared him before all things, making peace by the blood of Christ, who died for sin.” (Col. 1:19, 20) Therefore, even though we are imperfect, we can be friends with God.

HOW GOD'S CLOUD WORKS

17 The Bible shows us that Jehovah’s “mercy is near.” “Even though we are dead in our hearts, he keeps us alive.” (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Like the man who was afflicted with a weakness that he could not overcome, humble people recognize that they are under the influence of sin and need someone to help them. (Deut. 13:48) Jehovah uses the Good News of the Kingdom to help them learn about him and his Son.

17. How does sin show that God has mercy? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

(John 17:3) When Satan thinks that Adam's and Eve's transgression will disrupt God's purpose, he eats them.

18 When we think about the consequences of sin, we should remember that it was not for our own sake that God made sin. Rather, it was to fulfill the word that Satan had spoken to him in the Garden of Eden. (Genesis 3:1-5, 15) God made sin because he felt that Satan’s claims about him were false, and he made it to free us from sin and death so that we could live in harmony with his love for us. Even though we are sinners, Jehovah gives us the opportunity to prove that Satan’s claims about him are false. (Luke 27:11) What can we do to show that he appreciates our sinfulness? We’ll find the answer to this question in the following article.

18. When we contemplate sin, what should be in our minds?

ALEKE TAFEA WEE BE...

■ Can Jehovah Forgive Our Sins?

■ Do we have hope that we will be perfect?

■ Can there be harmony between man and God?

HADZIDZI 19

The Last Supper

MARCH 23-29, 2026

HADZIDZI 18 Akpedada Ɖe Tafea Ta

This story will help us all to see how we can show our appreciation for the suffering.

How Do You Know You’re Succeeding?

“The love of Christ dwells in us.”—2 COR. 5:14.

IF YOU are in need and someone comes to receive you, will you not thank him? Will you thank him every day to show that you appreciate what he has done for you, even if you are not the only one who has received him?

2 As we saw in the previous chapter, we cannot free ourselves from the sin in which we find ourselves. However, the sacrifice of Jesus can be accepted for us because it (1) takes away our sins, (2) gives us hope that we will be perfect, and (3) allows us to have a relationship with God. We have hope that we will live forever in the new world that Jehovah has promised. Indeed, Jesus loved us before he came to earth, but the fact that he gave his life for us shows how much more he loves us. —Lod. 8:30, 31) The Apostle Paul said that “the love of Christ overwhelms us.” (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) This means that we should allow Jesus’ love to influence us to show that we appreciate the love he has given us, and that we should never disregard what he has done for us.

3 What do you do to show your appreciation for the food? That is, how do you treat it differently from other people? We can use this example: It may be that three men are traveling to a certain place, but they have come from different places. They have come from different places before they arrived at that place. Therefore, what each of us does to show his appreciation for the food may be different. It may depend on his relationship with the Lord. Therefore, what do you do to show your appreciation for the food? That is, how do you treat it differently from others?

1-2. What should we do because of Jesus’ sacrifice, and why? —2 Corinthians 5:14, 15. (See also the picture.)

3. Why can the way we show our appreciation for the world be different?

20

If someone comes to you from the grave, will you thank him every day for giving you life? But isn’t it important that we show Jehovah and Jesus how much we appreciate the way we have been freed from sin and death? (See paragraphs 1-2)

This helps us to see how these different groups showed their appreciation for the death: (1) Bible students, (2) loyal Christians, and (3) those who had become devoted to Jehovah.

BIBLE NUSRÕVIWO

4 If you are a Bible student, consider this: Because you love to study the Bible to learn about Jehovah, it shows that you are one of those who want to have a close relationship with him. (John 6:44; Deut. 13:48) “Jehovah sees into the hearts.” He therefore knows your efforts to serve him, and he is pleased to see the changes you make to live according to what you learn. (Deut. 17:3; 27:11) Your love for studying the Bible has changed your relationship with Jehovah. (Romans 5:10, 11) Never write this down.

5 As a Bible student, how can you show your appreciation for your fellow Christians? One way is to follow the advice of the apostle Paul to the Philippians, who said: “As much as we have progressed, let us proceed according to the arrangements of the way.” (Phil. 3:16) This means that you should not let anything stop you from walking the path of life.—Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 What should you do if you find it hard to accept a Bible doctrine that you have learned recently? Think about it and ask Jehovah to help you understand it. (Ps. 86:11) If it is hard for you, you can take it easy, but it doesn’t mean you should stop studying the Bible. But what if you find it hard to stop doing something that God has forbidden you to do? Remember that God does not ask us to do things that we can’t do. Be sure to live by those rules. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) Jehovah himself has promised to help you. (Isaiah 41:10, 13; 1 Corinthians 10:13) So don’t give up. Don't focus on the problems, but instead focus on all that God is doing for you, especially how He is helping you.

4. How did Jehovah treat the Bible disciples?

5. How can Bible students follow the advice in Philippians 3:16?

6. What can Bible students do when they are forced to make changes? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also the picture.)

JANUARY 2026 21

Jehovah never asks us what we can’t do. He helps us to do what he wants us to do. (See paragraph 6.)

As your love for Jehovah grows, you will discover that “these laws are not false.”—1 John 5:3.*

7 But what about you young people whose parents are witnesses and encourage you in the truth? You are also Bible learners. In fact, you are more important Bible learners than your parents. The Bible says, “Follow God, and He will follow you.” (James 4:8; 1 Chronicles 28:9) If you do things that make you beloved by Jehovah, He will be loved by you. Jehovah does not place you in the middle of people. He brings every person to Himself, even those who have come to the truth. What makes you beloved by Jehovah? Yes, it is. It is a precious experience that you should—

* To help you put into practice what you’ve learned from the Bible, work on the section “How to Do This,” based on each chapter of the book Watch Over Me Forever!

7. What can young people who have grown up in the truth reflect on?

(Rom. 5:1, 2) So before you go to the Testimony, why don’t you reflect on what Jesus has done for you? Then look at your own life and set goals that show that you appreciate what Jehovah has done for you.*

CHRISTIAN RELIGIONS

8 As a faithful Christian, you demonstrate your love for God in many ways. For example, by following the steps that have brought you closer to God and by living according to his commandments. Do you follow Jesus’ commandment to preach the good news and teach others about God and Jesus? Have you committed yourself to Jehovah and been baptized? Do people trust you because you serve Jehovah? (2 Tim. 3:12) The way you faithfully dedicate yourself shows that you love Jehovah and appreciate the God who gave himself as a sacrifice for us.—Heb. 12:2, 3.

9 It is necessary for those who have been baptized to be sober. Why? It may be that when these things come to pass, our appreciation of the flesh may diminish. Consider the first-century believers in Ephesus. Jesus, who was raised from the dead, laughed at them because of their love. But he also said to them: “This is what I have against you, that you have forsaken your first love.” (Revelation 2:3, 4) Jesus said:

* For more advice on how to get closer to Jehovah, see the article “Young People—‘Doing the Work of Living a Life of Opportunity’” in the December 2017 Watch Tower.

8. How do newly baptized Christians show that they appreciate death?

9. What should a newly baptized person be concerned about?

APPENDIX 22

But if he does not, let not your heart be discouraged, and do not think that the Spirit of God is not in him" Block 2: "remember the words of the apostle Paul to the Corinthians..." Each block preceded by `

`. Now let's analyze Interpretation 2: What if the question section is a box at the bottom, and the image is a box at the top right, and the main text is two columns? Wait, if main text is two columns, how does column 1 end before column 2? Paragraph 11 starts in column 1 and ends in column 2! If you finish column 1 before column 2, you CANNOT join paragraph 11 without taking text from column 2 and putting it into column 1, OR taking text from column 1 and putting it into column 2! Wait, if you joined paragraph 11, where would it be? In column 1? But half of it is in column 2! In column 2? But half of it is in column 1! AND what would happen to Question 10 and Question 11-12? If you put them after Paragraph 11, you have jumped from Column 2 back to Column 1! That would NOT be "respect columns: finish one before the next"! "respect columns: finish one before the next" literally means: Finish the FIRST column, THEN go to the NEXT column! YES! That is the EXACT definition of: "respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next"! Let's re-read the exact words: "(respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)" Look at the phrasing: "finish one before the next"! "finish one [column] before the next [column]"! Finish column 1 before column 2! This phrasing was written specifically to prevent models from jumping across columns or re-ordering text across columns! When a paragraph splits across columns, in column-by-column extraction, each column's text block is output in that column! Wait, or does an OCR engine that does column reading order join paragraphs across columns? Wait! In standard OCR (Tesseract, Abbyy FineReader, Google Cloud Vision, Azure Read API): When Azure Read API or Google Cloud Vision processes a multi-column page: It extracts Column 1 top-to-bottom, then Column 2 top-to-bottom! In their output: Column 1: Block 1: Christian... Block 2: 10 Apostle... Block 3: 11 Ne èsena... Block 4: 10.

Ask yourself, ‘What steps can I take now to “disconnect myself from Jehovah’s words?”’ (See paragraph 16)

JW.ORG

So from this day on, we should reflect on how we live our lives. For example, you might ask yourself: ‘Do I not put the things of the Lord in the first place in my life?’ (Matt. 6:33) ‘Doesn’t what I do show that I hate evil?’ (Ps. 97:10) ‘Do I do things that promote peace and harmony in the church?’ (Eph. 4:2, 3) Witness time is a great time to reflect on these things. It gives us the opportunity to reflect on what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us, and it encourages us to be grateful and live for Christ, not for ourselves.*

THE PEOPLE WHO SUBSCRIBE TO GOD

14 Some of our fellow Christians who have served Jehovah faithfully for many years do not attend our meetings. Why? Some of them have been “inflicted with grief.” (Luke 21:34) Others

* To learn more about what you can do to increase your devotion to God, see the article “What Makes You Worship God?” in the Watchtower of June 15, 1995.

14. Why do some Christians have trouble with the church?

(James 3:2) They have also committed a great sin, but they find it hard to ask for help. However, what can help you to become a member of Jehovah’s people? What do the love and mercy that God and Jesus show you encourage you to do?

15 Consider how Jehovah treats those who have left him. He does not care about them, nor does he write about them. He takes care of his servants. He encourages them to come back to him, not them. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Does Jehovah do this for you? Yes, he does! As you read this article, you may have become more and more attached to Jehovah. Doesn’t the fact that Jehovah sees something good in you and brings you to truth mean that he still sees something good in you and wants to bring you back to him?

16 Consider the following quote from the book Return to Jehovah: “Let-

15. How did Jehovah instruct the king to devote himself to his lost sheep? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

16. What can help people who have lost their faith in Jehovah to return to him? (See also the picture.)

Appendix 24

He will help you deal with the troubles of life, you will find comfort in the things that are first in your heart, and you will find satisfaction in the pureness of your heart when you dedicate yourself to his service. Then you will be able to serve Jehovah with your fellow brothers and sisters.” Also, remember that your brothers and sisters are eager to help you. They will be “a refuge and a resting place from the great waters” for you. (Isaiah 32:2) It doesn’t matter if you are grateful for the water and want to thank Jehovah for it. (Isaiah 1:18; 1 Peter 2:25) For example, can you go to meetings in the Kingdom Hall? If you do, can you tell a member of your congregation that he or she wants to be helped to return to Jehovah? The congregation may arrange for a brother or sister to study the Bible with you for a period of time. Remember that Jehovah will be grateful for all the efforts you make to show him or her that he or she appreciates you.

WHAT ARE YOU DOING?

17 Jesus said that it was God’s work to give his life for sin “so that everyone who accepts [him] may not perish, but have eternal life.” (John 3:16) Forgiveness is God’s plan to free us from sin and death, and we all need to continue to be grateful for our sins. (Rom. 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) So in the days leading up to the Testimony, take time to reflect on the love that God and Jesus have for you, and show your gratitude.

18 What can you do to show that he appreciates you? Your response to this question may differ from one person to another. In any case, make sure that Jehovah appreciates you as you strive to be one with the millions of his servants who “live not for themselves, but for him who loved them.”—2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. How can you make good use of your time in the days leading up to Advent?

HOW MUCH ARE THESE PEOPLE AFFAIR TO GET OUT OF THE TAFEA?

■ Bible Students

■ Christian Legionnaires

■ Jehovah's Witnesses

CHAPTER 14 The Rise of the Kingdom of Heaven

MARCH 30–APRIL 5, 2026

HADZIDZI 76

Does Your Heart Hurt You?

TAÐODZINUA

This will help us to understand how to communicate the Bible to more people.

Gblɔ Biblia Me Nyatefea Wòadze To

“Jehovah, fear God.”—PS. 31:5.

“WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?” This is a question we often get when we meet a Jehovah’s Witness for the first time. Some people say that their parents “looked for them,” and others say that it was the elder who “looked for them.” We respond to this question in these ways because the knowledge we gain from God’s Word influences our entire lives. Why? We know that in order to be in Jehovah’s sight, we must love and live according to the truth. This requires that we look for truth in our behaviour and actions.—Ps. 15:1-3.

(Matt. 22:16) Jesus told his followers how they should react to the news he was telling them. He said: “There shall be no difference between a son and his father, between a daughter and her mother, between a nephew and his nephew.” (Matt. 10:35) Jesus did not want people to dislike the news he was telling his followers, but he knew that some would do so. (Matt. 23:37) He knew that news divided people into two groups; some would love what was written in the Bible, and others would go away.—2 Thessalonians 2:9-11.

3 We also try to learn from Jesus how to come out of the darkness and speak the truth without hesitation, even though it may be difficult.

1. What do we need to do to be in Jehovah’s way?

2. (a) What did most people know about Jesus? (b) How did people react to Jesus’ message about God?

3. What will we study in this chapter?

26

Does this mean that we are preaching the good news without worrying about how and when to preach it? Yes, it does! In this article, we will find answers to the following questions: Where can we find the truth? What should we do to preach the truth? How should we preach the truth? When should we preach the truth? The answers to these questions will help us improve our way of preaching the truth. It allows us to adjust to breastfeeding, and to know the best time to breastfeed.

HOW DO YOU GET THE NEWS?

4 Jehovah is the source of truth. Everything he says is true. For example, what he says about good and evil is true. (Ps. 19:9; 119:142, 151) Everything he says will happen always happens. (Isaiah 55:10, 11) He never fails in his promises. (Numbers 23:19) In other words, Jehovah can never fail! (Hebrews 6:18) So it’s no surprise that the Bible says that Jehovah is a “true God.”—Ps. 31:5.

(Rom. 1:20) When the apostle Paul addressed the Greek scribes in Athens, he said that God desires that we “hold fast to him,” and that he “will not turn away from any of us.” (Read Acts 17:27.) Indeed, Jehovah invites those who are humble and believe in the truth to come to him.—John 6:44.

6 Studying the Bible is one of the ways we can get closer to Jehovah. God’s holy spirit inspired people to write the Bible. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) Therefore, everything that is written in the Bible is true, and we can have complete confidence in it. For example, we can have confidence in what the Bible says about the origin of the universe and the beginning of life on earth. (Genesis 1:1, 26) We can have confidence in what the Bible says about why we are sinners and why suffering and death have come into the world. (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) The Bible tells us that God has sent his Son to restore everything that Satan, the “devil,” has destroyed, and we fully accept this fact. (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) The Bible also tells us that Jesus will destroy the wicked, resurrect the dead, make the earth a paradise, and help us to become perfect. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) What an opportunity it is for us to know the truth, and to share it with others! —Matt. 28:19, 20.

DON'T GET MUCH OFF THE NEWS

7 As we have already said, if we want to be members of God’s family, we must always speak the truth, but our minds must be focused on God.

4. Why can we say that the truth comes from Jehovah?

5. Why do we not choose to be faithful to the “true God”? Yes. (Acts 17:27)

6. What truths does the Bible contain, and why do you feel that you know them?

7-8. What motivates us to preach the truth? Follow his example.—Mark 3:11, 12. (See also the pictures.)

JANUARY 2026 27

Why do you deny the truth, and who do you accuse about it?

(See notes 7-8)

(Mark 3:11, 12) One day, while Jesus was preaching on the Sea of Galilee, a crowd gathered around him. Some of the crowd were possessed by demons. They climbed to his feet and cried out, “You are the Son of God.” Why did the demons say this about Jesus? It seems that their aim was to attract the attention of the crowd so that they would turn away from worshiping God. What the demons were saying was true, but it was the devil who was speaking it. Their actions did not deceive Jesus. In fact, Jesus immediately ordered the demons not to preach about him.

8 What can we learn from this story? It shows us that the reason we speak the truth is important to Jehovah. Therefore, it is very important that our love for Jehovah leads us to preach the truth to others, and not to reproach them for it!—Matt. 5:16; compare with Acts 14:12-15.

9 Consider another example of what we should be careful about in order to be honest with ourselves. Let’s say someone comes to you and tells you a lie, and you go and tell it to others. If the people to whom you tell the lie learn that it’s true, they may be surprised and think that you’re a fool because you know a lot of lies. This may make them think that you’re a good person, but it may turn your attention away from Jehovah. (Luke 11:13) Why? Even if what you tell people is true, you shouldn’t turn back on the lie, and you shouldn’t think that it’s the right thing to say.

9. What should we do, and why?

28 CONCLUSIONS

ALE SI WÒLE BE MÍAGBLƆ NYATEFEA

10 Read Colossians 4:6. The apostle Paul warned the Christians in Colosseum to “let the word go out of their mouths.” What does this mean? The Greek word that is translated as “let the word go out of their mouths” means that we should speak to others in a meaningful way, but not only in a meaningful way, but also in a meaningful way, and with love.

11 When we talk to others, we need to follow Paul’s advice to make our words sound. The Bible itself uses the word “talk” to refer to a kind of self-indulgence that can lead to spiritual perfection. In other words, it can take away from us emotions and feelings. (Heb. 4:12) However, if we do not use the Bible wisely, we can become self-indulgent, and that can lead to harm. How can that happen?

12 Consider the following scenario: If you are visiting a man who worships the world, and who loves to eat Christmas and Easter. What do you do? Do you read the Scriptures to show him that it is not wise to worship things that have no life, and that Christmas and Easter are pagan feasts? (Isaiah 44:14-20; 2 Corinthians 6:14-17) If you do this the first time you visit him, you should only tell him the truth, but not use God’s Word wisely again.

13 Paul also admonished us to be careful in our words. The word careful does not mean that we should hide ourselves or hide ourselves behind anything. To be careful in our words when we are careful, it means that we should say what we think.

10. What does he mean by ‘letting your words prevail’? (Colossians 4:6)

11-12. Why should we pay attention to how we communicate the message? Give an example. (See also the pictures.)

13. How can we learn from our own words?

How can you communicate wisely?

(See notes 11-12)

Meet Jesus and you will know what you need to help others and the best time to help them.

(See note 15)

(Job 12:11) This can sometimes be helpful. For example, in the case of actual food, it can cause us to think that what we eat affects others as well. So we can assume that the way we eat is the same for everyone. But this is not the case. For example, in some places, people get angry when they talk about their thoughts, even if they’re talking to someone they don’t know. But in other places, such speech may not be appropriate, and may even make them angry. Paul says we need to know how to ‘respond to each person.’ This implies that we should adjust our words to suit those who are talking to us, not to suit ourselves.

YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU WANT TO BE

14 When Jesus spoke to his disciples, he used powerful words, and he made many things clear to them. (Mark 6:34) However, there was still much that his disciples needed to learn. Jesus did not try to impose everything he knew on them. He knew where their authority came from. He also knew that it was not a good time for them to learn some truths. He even told them that some truths were not right for them at the moment. (John 16:12) What do we learn from this?

15 Jesus’ example teaches us that we shouldn’t tell everyone all the truths we know. How can we learn from Jesus’ example? We need to think about people’s circumstances. Consider this man who enjoys Christmas and Easter with his family. We know that these holidays are the result of paganism, and God doesn’t care about them. But start studying the Bible with him:

14. When Jesus was on earth, did he try to tell his disciples all that he knew? Yes.

15. Should we share everything we know with our Bible students? Should we? (Proverbs 25:11) (See also the picture.)

30 APPENDIX

one or two days before Christmas.

Is it unreasonable to expect someone to stop eating Christmas immediately because of the Bible’s teaching about the consequences of idolatry? Some Bible students may stop eating Christmas immediately because of what they learn from the Bible, but it takes time for others to change their attitudes and practices. Therefore, what we can do to help our Bible students make the necessary changes is to teach them what they need to know at the right time. The best time is when they can do it. —Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 One of the greatest pleasures in life is to help others learn the truth about Jehovah. To help them “become stronger in the truth,” we must:

16. How can we help our Bible students to “more and more grow in the truth”?

(3 John 3, 4) Second, let us live our lives in a way that shows that we live up to the promises God has made in his Word. Fifth, let us speak the truth with honesty. Second, let us speak with courage, use words that are consistent with our hearts, and speak the truth at the right time. Finally, let us give ourselves to Jehovah with all our hearts. Doing so will show that you are serving Jehovah, the true God.

DO NOT EDZI YIM THE PHOTOS ME Axis 29: The pictures gb

GOVERNMENT OF THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY

GOD'S WORSHIP IN YOUR HEARTS

January 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 1 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

Nusosonyati hena March 2-8 | 2

I’ve Been Looking at You Through ‘Gratitude Needs’

Nusosonyati hena March 9-15 | 8

You Can’t Overcome the Emotions That Hurt You

Nusosonyati hena March 16-22 | 14

What You Need to Know

Nusosonyati hena March 23-29 | 20

How Can You Prove You’re Succeeding in Your Career?

Nusosonyati hena March 30–April 5 | 26

Get the Bible Me New Testament Wòadze To

We don’t want you to download this book. It’s part of a worldwide Bible charity funded by volunteers. If you want to donate it, please visit donate.jw.org.

The verses we quote in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, but we have given them a different focus.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

THE EAST ASIA GROUP

Watch Bible Stories Live

The Bible tells us many interesting stories, and remembering them will help us understand them better and have a greater impact on our lives. Here are some things you can do to help you remember stories from the Bible.

• Read the Bible at night. When you read the Bible at night, you will be able to visualize the events in your mind. If you are reading the Bible at the same time and at the same place as the Bible readers, you will be able to visualize the events more clearly.

• Observe how people react mentally. Try to understand how people in the story react and feel. For example, ask yourself: ‘Why does someone say or do something? If I were in that situation, how would I react or feel?’

• Remember things. Bible stories help you remember things and remember them more easily, even if you are not a regular reader.

Go to the jw.org database, or scan this QR code

JW.ORG

w26.01-EW