JUNE 2026

HOW DOES THE MONITORING OF GOD’S WORSHIP WORK?

AUGUST 10-SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

LA 122 Be Strong, Be Strong!

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

We can’t continue to be faithful to Jehovah in all the places we go.

Why We Should Love Jehovah and Live in Harmony with Him

“Lord, where do we go to take him? You have the words of eternal life.”—JOHN 6:68.

ONE DAY, Jesus was teaching a group of people in Capernaum, and he said to them: “If you love the one Son and observe his will, you have power in yourselves.” He also said: “Everyone who loves him will observe his will for eternal life, and he will live on the earth.” (John 6:53, 54) He saw some of the disciples be amazed at what he said, and they said: “This is the word that they hear and follow; can you follow it?” —John 6:60.

2 Some of the disciples also came to Jesus, because what he was saying was very annoying to them. Does this mean that they had something in him? Yes. In fact, when Jesus was about to say this, he did something that made the disciples very happy. They said, “Surely, this is the Savior who is to come.” (John 6:14) This indicates that the disciple they were with had something in him. So when Jesus said this thing that made them very happy, they couldn’t go and take him away.

3 When the two disciples saw Jesus, they were amazed. When Jesus asked them if they also wanted to go with him, Peter answered, “Lord, how can we go with him? You have the words of eternal life, and we have heard them, so that we may know that you are the one and only God” (John 6:68, 69).

1-2. When Jesus was teaching in Capernaum, what happened? 3. What did Jesus’ two disciples do, and why? (See also footnote.)

2

It is obvious that Jesus did not want the disciples to come to him, but that Peter and the other disciples did not want them to come to him.

(See Figure 3)

When Jesus told them that it was necessary for them to look at him and see his face, Peter and the other angels were shocked. However, they were prepared to go and take Jesus away. Why? They were sure that Jesus was “the Christ of God.”—Luke 9:20, 35.

⁴ There may be circumstances that cause us to be loyal to Jehovah. For example, if our elder changes our attitude toward someone, or if the congregation changes the way we do religious service, it may cause us to remain faithful. Or if we lose a loved one, we may feel that Jehovah is doing something about him that might be beneficial to us. Likewise, if a Christian who is close to us does something bad to us or something that we value, he may be doing something good to us.

4. What is it that some demons cannot do to us?

5 In order to be faithful to Jehovah in the midst of adversity, we need to be in faith. For example, if someone is put in the middle of a crowd, he may be inclined to wear his clothes as if he were in the middle of the crowd. Similarly, if we are in faith, it will help us to be faithful to Jehovah in the midst of adversity as if we were in the middle of a crowd. Therefore, we should try to do things that will increase our faith so that we can fully serve Jehovah in the midst of adversity.—1 Cor. 15:58; see Colossians 1:23.

⁶ Why did the disciples of Jesus go to take him away from the sea to be buried? The disciples of Jesus knew that Jehovah does things

5. Why is it important to do things that will make us feel good about ourselves? Give us an example. (Colossians 1:23)

6. Why did Jesus’ disciples go after him to take him away?

JUNE 2026 | 3

He knew that Jesus was the Son of God, and that those who believed in him would have eternal life. He also knew that Jehovah was pleased with what Jesus did. Now, let’s look at three things that will help us become faithful to Jehovah in the future. These are: (1) Jehovah is the Creator of all things. (2) Jehovah has made the Bible. (3) Jehovah’s Witnesses are the people who live today. If we are committed to these truths, we will be able to become faithful to Jehovah.

GOD HAS BEEN WITH US

7 Read Ezekiel 4:11. This lesson teaches us that Jehovah is the source of all things. Therefore, he alone is the source of our salvation. When we think about how powerful Jehovah is, we realize that he cannot help us in times of adversity. Satan uses falsehoods about Jehovah to make people think that he is God. There are many examples that show that there is a Lord. If we believe that Jehovah is our Lord, and if he loves us, we will be more confident in our Lord, and if we turn away, we will think that he can help us.—Heb. 11:6.

8 If you believe that Jehovah is the creator of all things, you need to do something about it. You can find information in the congregation’s publications about what makes you believe that Jehovah is the creator of all things. You can find all the information you need to strengthen your belief in the books, Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking. You can also go to jw.org to find the truthful statements in the videos, “Doesn’t Everything Begin?” A young woman named Jessica, who lives in the United States, says: “When I was younger, I wasn’t sure what I wanted to do with my life.

7. What does Ezekiel 4:11 say about Jehovah, and how does it help us to avoid it?

8-9. What should you do if you feel that you have lost your faith in Jehovah, our Lord? (See also the footnote.)

Nebula: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; fish and car: Mercedes-Benz USA; plane: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

Do you read a book or a piece of literature that makes you feel strongly convinced that God created all things? (Read section 8.)

In our books, he makes it clear to me that the One who is most dear to us is the One who makes things happen. I think I know these things well, but then it makes me feel more confident that Jehovah is the One who makes things happen.” In addition, people have read chapters 6 and 7 of the book Live Forever! many times, and it has helped them. If you read chapters 6 and 7 of the book in full, you will be able to read them again.

9 For example, you may not be able to keep on studying the laws of God. What you do will help you develop an understanding of what it means to be God. Only then will you be able to know him better. (Rom. 1:20) And then you will be able to apply what you have learned to your fellow Christians, who will also have an understanding of what it means to be God. Indeed, the laws of God will prove to be true.

THE BIBLE IS GOD’S WORD

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. The Bible is God’s daily gift to us. It helps us to answer important questions. It also tells us what God wants us to do and what he wants us to do. We believe that it is God who has given us the Bible. Therefore, we consider the Bible to be one of the most important books in our lifetime. Therefore, when we read something in the Bible, we take the time to study it thoroughly and put it into practice.

11 We believe that the Bible is written by Jehovah. For example, what the Bible says about things that happened in the past is true. (Luke 3:1, 2) What he says about things that God created is true. (Job 26:7) Although Satan seems to be trying to take control of the Bible, the Bible is a book that is read every day in all the world’s books. In other words, it is likely that the 40 men who wrote the Bible, who had been reading it for 1,600 years, did so every day. (Proverbs 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) The Bible is written by God, and we can be sure that it is written by God. (Josh. 23:14) The Bible is written by God, and we can be sure that it is written by God, and we can be sure that it is written by God, and we can be sure that it is written by God, and we can be sure that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that it is written by God, and that

12 What should we do if we are confident that God is the source of the Bible? We should pray earnestly, ask Jehovah to help us, and then talk about things. For example, a young man whose musicians are Jehovah’s Witnesses said: “I feel like my musicians are Jehovah’s Witnesses, but everything they do to me makes me feel good. When I hear something, I try to make sure it’s true. Indeed, sometimes I feel disappointed about things. If that happens, I take the time to write about things in our books so that I can answer those questions.” If we become more confident that God has given us the Bible, our faith in it will grow greatly.—1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

10. Why is the Bible important to us? —2 Timothy 3:16, 17.

11. Why do you believe that the Bible is a book from God?

12. What should we do if we are sure that God is the one who wants us to read the Bible?

JUNE 2026 5

The relationships between Jehovah's Witnesses in the past and the present are in decline.

(See Section 16)

Jehovah’s Witnesses Are Who God Wants They To Be

13 Since we know that Jehovah’s Witnesses are God’s chosen people today, we should take a step back. For example, we might ask ourselves the following questions: ‘Who have prevented the Bible from being put into practice in their lives? Have these people based their teachings solely on the Bible?’ (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) ‘Who are putting Jehovah’s love into practice today?’ —Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 God wants the good news to be preached to people everywhere when the Last Day comes, so we can’t ask ourselves: ‘Who are preaching the good news today?’ (Matt. 24:14) We are Jehovah’s Witnesses. We are the only ones who have been preaching the good news of God’s Kingdom for more than 240 years. We have been doing this work for 100 years now, and we are very proud of it. It is clear that preaching is something that we should be very proud of.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:10. Because God’s name is Jehovah, we are proud to be called his Witnesses. Everyone in the world today knows that God’s name is Jehovah. Let’s take a look at the way we teach the Bible. In the Bible we teach, God’s name is used in the same way as it was used in the ancient Bibles used today. God’s name, Jehovah, has been translated into 7,000 languages.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. Nowadays, many people in the world are concerned about things they don’t like, and they don’t want to be concerned about them. Jehovah certainly does. He loves us and respects our differences. He knows that we are all different, and even though he doesn’t care about our differences, he wants us to make sure that our love and joy continue.

13. What should we do if we are sure that Jehovah’s Witnesses are God’s chosen people today?

14. What do the judges expect Jehovah’s Witnesses to do to live up to the prophecy in Matthew 24:14?

15. What do Jehovah’s Witnesses do to honor God’s name? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Is the family of Jehovah’s Witnesses described in John 13:34, 35 true? Explain. (Read also the footnote.)

6 MONITORING

Do you go to church regularly? If you do, you may be surprised to see that there is love and friendship among people from different backgrounds. In fact, this shows that Jehovah is following his servants in the way he is doing things today. Knowing that Jehovah is following his servants today will help us to be faithful to him when we go to church.

KOO JE YEHOWA HE GBLEGBLEEGBLE

17 Because we are in the midst of the conflicts, we are all subject to conflicts. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) Moreover, there may be moments in our lives when we experience conflicts that cause us to lose sight. For example, a member of Jehovah’s congregation may come up against us while we’re on our way to a meeting, or a brother may do something that makes us feel bad about him, or a member of the congregation may come up against us at a meeting, and we’ll try to make him feel bad about us, or we may be overwhelmed by something that causes us to have conflicts at the meeting.

18 It is clear that if we do not understand that Jehovah is the originator of all things, that he has made the Bible, and that his people are the people he has chosen, we will not be able to become faithful to Jehovah. Like Peter said to Jesus, we will not be able to say to Jehovah: “Who will take him away? You are the one who has the words of eternal life.”

17-18. What are some of the problems that we cannot avoid, so why should we not take care of them?

VIDEO 6: A young man and his wife were in a hurry and were shocked when they saw a group of Jehovah’s Witnesses walking past them.

WHAT IS THE QUESTION THAT THEY AND THEIR MOTHER AND FATHER ASK US WHEN WE DON’T KNOW WHAT TO DO?

Jehovah Creates All Things

Jehovah Helps People Read the Bible

Jehovah’s Witnesses Are God’s Chosen People

LA 123 Moo Ba O He Si Ha Teokrase Blɔ Nya Tomi

AUGUST 17-23, 2026

LA 90 Nyɛɛ Wo Nyɛ Sibi He Wami

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

How to deal with the problems that prevent us from maintaining a good relationship with our brothers and sisters.

What We Should Do To Save Our Brother Who Was Killed By Gbagbo

“Put on the high and the low, the joyful and the sad, the cheerful and the humble.”—COLOSSENSES 3:12.

(Psalm 119:63) We are a family in Jehovah’s sight, and our love for one another is great. (Psalm 119:63) We are a family in Jehovah’s sight, and our love for one another is great. (Psalm 119:63) We are a family in Jehovah’s sight, and our love for one another is great. (Psalm 119:63) We are a family in Jehovah’s sight, and our love for one another is great.

2 We want to know only our brothers and sisters. We want to have a close relationship with them. We love Jehovah and Jesus, and that love keeps us together as a family. (John 13:35) If we want to have a close relationship with our brothers and sisters, we have to be very careful. As we all grow older, we sometimes feel guilty about the relationship we have with our brothers and sisters.

3 But the truth is that we love our brothers and sisters more than ourselves. Why? Maybe because they feel the same way as we feel, or because of how we act, or how we think about things. Maybe because our brothers and sisters make us feel uncomfortable with them. It can’t be that we don’t like our brothers and sisters, and then we don’t feel comfortable with them. Or maybe because how we think about things, and how we do things, is different from that of some other brothers and sisters, and then we don’t feel comfortable with them.

1. How can we have a good mind?

2. How do we want our relationship with our brothers and sisters to continue?

3. Why do we sometimes need to be in harmony with our brothers and sisters?

8

If our brothers and sisters are weak or weary, that may affect our relationship with them. So, in this study, we will consider how Jesus’ example can help us to become more united with our brothers and sisters when we struggle. In addition, let us look at how the good things we learn can help us to become more united with our brothers and sisters.

SU KPAKPAHI MAKES US WISH THAT OUR CHILDREN WOULD BE GBAGBANII

4 When we are at odds with our brothers and sisters, let us focus our attention on their good qualities. If we are at odds with our brothers and sisters, that will encourage us to be at odds with them. Paul, who was keen to be at odds with his brothers and sisters, wrote to the Thessalonians: “We were very eager to be at odds with you.” (1 Thess. 2:17) All brothers and sisters know that when they focus on their own interests, they are more likely to be at odds. When we are in a family or attend congregational, district, or district meetings, we can use these social channels to communicate with our brothers and sisters. If we do not share these channels with our brothers and sisters, we will be exposed to threats that will make us feel uncomfortable.

5 Our good manners will help us to leave no dust between ourselves and our brothers and sisters. (Read Colossians 3:12.) Some of our good manners, such as kindness, patience, compassion, and joy, will make it easier for our brothers and sisters to get along with us.

Just as the things that bring joy bring joy to the heavens, so do the good things that we do bring joy to our brothers and sisters in heaven. Now we will consider three things that can bring joy to our relationships with our brothers and sisters. By considering each of these things, we will learn how Jesus showed us the qualities of peace, patience, joy, and joyfulness, and how his example will help us to have good relationships with our brothers and sisters.

IF I'M HAPPY WITH YOU, I'M HAPPY WITH YOU

6 The reason for this is that when two people talk about something, they always say what they think is right. For example, two brothers may not agree on the way they should go to beat each other in their zugba. The reason for this is that the law does not allow them to say whatever they think is right. This could cause them to think that the younger brother is going to do something bad that would cause a rift between them. If they do something about it so that they can beat each other, they may be able to get rid of the rift. When they are in love, they are also in love with their neighbors, and in the long run, the feelings between them will grow stronger as the story progresses.

7 Jesus showed his disciples that if they were to go ahead, they would not be able to leave a gap between them. Jesus’ disciples made a gap in the corner between them. In order to avoid this gap, Jesus showed them that they should be careful that they don’t leave a gap between them. (Matthew 20:25-28) The crowd’s lack of interest in Jesus’ teachings meant that the disciples couldn’t see the difference between Jesus’ teachings and the teachings of the Pharisees. (Matthew 20:25-28)

4. What will help us to have a close relationship with our brothers and sisters?

5. What will help us to overcome the differences between ourselves and our brothers and sisters? Do something to show them that we care about them. (Colossians 3:12)

6. If we are angry about something, how does that affect the relationship between us?

7. What did Jesus do to show that it was necessary for his disciples to come to him so that they could establish a heavenly harmony between them?

JUNE 2026 9

This will make it easier for us to concentrate on ourselves when we are with our brothers and sisters in need, and to focus on the things we can do to help them.

(See Figure 8)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) He did this to show them how they could get rid of the anger that was in their hearts. When they saw that others were not following them, he encouraged them to keep their minds on the right track, and if they kept their minds on the right track about things, they would have a good relationship with each other. (John 13:3-5, 12-16) When they saw that others were not following them, he encouraged them to keep their minds on the right track, and if they kept their minds on the right track about things, they would have a good relationship with each other. (John 13:3-5, 12-16) When they saw that others were not following them, he encouraged them to keep their minds on the right track, and if they kept their minds on the right track about things, they would have a good relationship with each other. (John 13:3-5, 12-16) When they saw that others were not following them, he encouraged them to keep their minds on the right track. (John 13:3-5, 12-16) When they saw that others were not following them, he encouraged them to keep their minds on the right track, and if they kept their minds on the right track about things, they would have a good relationship with each other. (John 13:3-5, 12-16)

8 What encourages us to be in harmony with our brothers and sisters? When we are in harmony with our brothers and sisters, it encourages us to focus our attention on the things that are wrong with them, and it encourages us to talk about the things that are wrong with them. (Read Colossians 3:13.) When we are in harmony with our brothers and sisters, it encourages us to focus our attention on the things that are right with them, and it encourages us to talk about the things that are wrong with them. (Psalm 4:4.) When a brother or sister tells us something that we love, we should recognize that we are in harmony with him or her. 7:21, 22) Therefore, ask yourself, ‘Isn’t what they’re thinking about the most important thing, or isn’t it the most important thing that’s going to happen between us?’ This will help you focus on what they’re thinking about. If you choose to focus on what they’re thinking about, and if you follow them, you’ll be happy.

9 What you should do is to show your brother that you care about him. (Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7.) The first thing you should do is to put an end to your anger. All brothers know that if you go to your brother and you follow his anger, things will go wrong. (Psalm 34:14) You should not say, ‘If we do this, can we not follow his anger?’ When you’re in the process of doing something, make sure you’re aware of some of your anger. Tell your brother that you think he’s going to love you. If he does, encourage him. And if thy brother also offend thee, come to him, and forgive him.

8. If you and a brother or sister are arguing about something, how will this help you to overcome your anger? (Colossians 3:13) (Read especially verses 13-15.)

9. For what reason do you put yourselves to the test? (Proverbs 17:9) 10. Why do you take yourselves to the test? (Proverbs 17:10)

10 MONITORING MEETING

(Luke 17:3, 4) It is important that you show what is right and what is wrong, but it is also important that you don’t put yourselves at risk, so that you may eventually become more uncompromising.—Proverbs 18:24.

WHEN WE SUSUMI AND WE NÍ PEEPEE KÔ WE

10 Therefore, it is a challenge. At times, it causes us to be at odds with our brothers and sisters who have different opinions about us. At other times, there are people whose opinions make us feel uncomfortable. There are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others. There are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others. Or, there are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others. Or, there are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others. Or, there are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others. Or, there are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others. Or, there are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others. Or, there are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others. Or, there are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others. Or, there are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others. Or, there are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others. Or, there are some who, because of the way they are taught or educated, have difficulty communicating with others.

11 Let’s take a look at Jesus’ heart. Jesus and those whose thoughts and thoughts were focused on him were concerned. For example, the apostles James and John wanted to find a way out of this situation. So they went to Jesus and asked him to tell them what he wanted them to do, and what he wanted them to do in the Kingdom. (Mark 10:35-37) In Jesus’ way out, it was necessary for him to find a way out of this situation. (Philippians 2:5-8) If you compare what Jesus did with what James and John did, you will see that their thoughts and thoughts were focused on Jesus. During all this, Jesus was especially affected by James and John and their brothers.

12 Jesus kept an eye on his disciples at all times. He knew that they wanted to follow the same path as James and John had followed. (Mark 9:34) Jesus followed the same path as them. In the past, the leaders of the church urged people to follow the same path as James and John had followed. Therefore, Jesus saw that his disciples were doing so. However, Jesus was compassionate toward them. He knew that if they were to follow the same path as James and John, it would be difficult for them to keep up with them.—Mark 10:42-45.

(Proverbs 14:29) We all have feelings, and sometimes those feelings go on and on, but that’s how we feel. Therefore, when we have feelings for our brothers and sisters, we rejoice. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) Moreover, we need to be aware of the feelings of others who have changed. For example, it may be helpful for someone who is in a position of power or powerlessness to show that he or she cares about others. In today’s world, when we are confronted with an issue, we should take it seriously. Although we may not be able to have a close relationship with some people, we should be aware that if we do not take care of ourselves, we will not be able to have a close relationship with our brothers and sisters in heaven.

14 But let us be strong in our hearts for the good things of our brethren, that, if we do so, we may also be strong in our hearts for the good things of our brethren. 15 For it seems that James and John were the only ones who wrote to them, and they wanted to make a way for them, but they did so in order to show that they believed in the coming of the kingdom.

10. What does it mean that we should be willing to let others do what we want them to do?

11. What did Jesus want to do with those who were overwhelmed by their thoughts on him?

12. What inspired Jesus to give his heart for his disciples?

13. How will a tender heart inspire us to be like our brothers and sisters? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. How can a tender heart help us?

JUNE 2026 11

A good mind will show compassion for the suffering, and will express joy and joyfulness to the suffering (see section 19).

When we think of the good things in our hearts, we show that we are in love with Jesus and Jehovah.

15 Prayer is also important. We can pray to Jehovah that he will help us to get along with people who think differently about us. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. You can pray to Jehovah that he will help you to get along with someone who thinks differently about you. Moreover, if you feel that you need to give up your heart in a situation of distress, pray to Jehovah to give you his good will so that you may be able to keep up with it.—Luke 11:13; Galatians 5:22, 23.

WHEN OUR CHILDREN ARE OUT OF SCHOOL

16 So let it be a challenge. When our brothers and sisters are strong or weak, some of their actions may make us feel uncomfortable. For example, some of them may say things that we don’t want to hear, do things that we don’t like, or do things that we don’t like. (Job 6:2, 3) Some of our brothers and sisters may be in a meeting that we’re attending, so they may be doing things that we don’t want them to do.

17 You have seen the joy and joyfulness of Jesus. He uses his joy and joyfulness to show those around him that he knows them, that he loves them, that he loves them. For example, consider how Jesus treated a man named Bartimaeus. When he saw that Jesus was there, he cried out so that Jesus could look at him. Some of the people who were around him said that he was sick, because he wanted Jesus to lift him up. So he cried out so loudly that the crowd could hear it. (Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus and Bartimaeus talked in joy, and when Bartimaeus began to worry about what he had eaten, Jesus put him on the cross.

15. Who is unable to inspire us to be in harmony with those whose views and thoughts are far removed from ours?

16. What can the elders do if our brothers and sisters are there?

17. What do you learn from how Jesus treated Bathsheba, who was a prostitute?

12 MONITORING

18 What will inspire us to be in harmony with our brothers and sisters? Grow up in joy and peace. These will inspire you to look at the strength and weakness of your brothers and sisters, and to “take up the good news” and teach them. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) You know that good cheer shows that it helps the spirit, titling it in “haomi behi.” (Proverbs 17:17.) Good cheer helps those who are in trouble. It gives them strength, strengthens them, and makes a difference in their lives.

19 What are some of the things you can do to show that you care about others? Indeed, you may go to the church with your husband to pray, but you cannot know how he feels and what he wants. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) If he wants to do things that he wants to do, look at him carefully. If he wants to do things that he wants to do, look at how you can help him. (Proverbs 12:25) Be careful to do things that you know he wants to do. (Proverbs 18:13) At the same time, give your heart to him, and make sure he does what you want him to do.—Ephesians 4:32.

20 We are very proud that we are a part of the church of Jehovah. But we are all weak, and some of us are suffering. Therefore, sometimes we do things or do things that make us feel uncomfortable. We are proud that our brothers and sisters care about us, show us their love, show us their joy, and show us their unity. Let us therefore all take the path that leads us to show our suffering.

20. Which of the following would you like to use to show your appreciation?

18. What can we do to keep our minds focused? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. What can we do to show that we share the joy of God’s love for others? (Read the following paragraphs.)

10: A brother and a brother’s younger brother were discussing how to use their library. They were very happy when they saw that they were able to do so.

WHAT DO I NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE FUTURE OF MY FAMILY...

■ Should we give a brother or sister a hard time about something?

■ How does our reflection on ourselves affect our relationship with God?

■ Are our brothers and sisters strong or weak?

LA 124 Wa Maa Ye Anɔkuale Daa

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

65 Moo Ya O He Mi!

HOW TO GET OUT OF A BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINE

How We Created the World of Our Dreams

“I will surrender to Jehovah with all my heart in the places of trouble, and in the congregation.”—SA 111:1.

(Psalm 148:1, 2, 12, 13) In addition, you’ll have a greater sense of belonging. This belonging is the relationship you have with people in your congregation. The distinct sense of belonging that is shown in the Bible helps us to be Jesus’ family, which is to follow the good news of the Kingdom “to all the ends of the earth.”—Matt. 24:14.

2 How do you feel about the importance of family love? A sister named Wendy* says: “Family love helps me in every way. When you learn the important things that are taught in the heavenly church, you become more committed to the congregation, and you get the way you want to go. Also, you get good opinions.” A brother named Rich says: “Family love is a very important role. It seems that every brother and sister feels encouraged when he or she wants to be baptized, but it is the responsibility of the family counselor to make sure that he or she is motivated to devote himself or herself to Jehovah’s service.” A sister named Dinah said: “Family counseling is a great thing! I feel like my brothers and sisters in my congregation are my family.”

3 In this study, we will consider the role of the spiritual superintendent and the role of those who serve him, and how they serve him.

* Names have been changed.

1-2. How do all people experience the emotional distress that comes with taking the right path? 3. What will we consider in this lesson?

14

Let’s take a look at what each of us can do to make sure that our relationship with God continues to flourish. Then, let’s see how we can help each other to find a way to live in harmony with God.

HOW YOU CAN KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND WHAT YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT

4 A family superintendent is a member of the congregation who is instructed by the elders of the congregation to encourage the elders of the congregation to focus on Jehovah and to teach the elders. How does he do this? In a nutshell, he does his best to show that he cares about everything in his congregation. (Proverbs 27:23) He knows the elders of the congregation, and he keeps an eye on them to see how things are going in their lives. This helps him to encourage the elders of the congregation to focus on Jehovah. (Proverbs 12:25; Isaiah 32:2; James 2:15-17) Moreover, he encourages the young men in his household to devote themselves to the work of the congregation. He makes sure that the young men in his household go to the congregation regularly. He also makes sure that the young men in his household go to the congregation all the time so that he can teach them the right way. If he does not want to go to the congregation, he may have a younger brother or a younger brother who cares about him watch the congregation. (Proverbs 12:25; Isaiah 32:2; James 2:15-17) In addition, he encourages the young men in his household to devote themselves to the work of the congregation. (Proverbs 12:25; Isaiah 32:2; James 2:15-17) In addition, he encourages the young men in his household to devote themselves to the work of the congregation. (Proverbs 12:25; Isaiah 32:2; James 2:15-17) In addition, he encourages the young men in his household to go to the congregation regularly so that he can teach them the right way.

* The head of the congregation may have a member of the congregation oversee the family affairs of the elder until a new elder is appointed. Since the elder is a member of the congregation, he will be appointed as a family affairs overseer, and will therefore serve under the direction of the elders.

4. (a) What is the role of a community watchdog? (b) What guidelines will help a community watchdog to be able to watch over those in his or her community? (See the section entitled “How to Watch Over a Community Watchdog.”)

Ga Womi Kome Na Ma Ye Bua Fiadhmi Yami Kuu One Hyehere

● Let there be peace between you and your enemies. Let there be peace between you and your enemies, so that you and your enemies may have peace together.

● If it happens, you and all the brothers and sisters in your house should go to the church. Your brothers and sisters who are sick and have no way to go to the church all the time should go to the church so that if it happens, you can go to the church.

● Be kind to your brothers and sisters in your congregation and encourage them. You can’t do this in their presence, at a Kingdom Service, or in a public place. You can’t do it by going to the church or reading a book.

● Train the younger brothers to be determined, and to be able to take on all the duties that lie before them in the congregation.

● If you want your ex-boyfriend and your ex-girlfriend to become your ex-boyfriend and your ex-girlfriend's ex-boyfriend, leave it so that you can take your ex-boyfriend's attention away from your ex-girlfriend's ex-girlfriend.

(1 Tim. 3:1) He encourages the young men who have been baptized to go out of their way to do all the work that is necessary in the congregation. (2 Tim. 3:1) He takes care of them when they are on the road, and he keeps up with them by giving them food when they are hungry.

JUNE 2026 15

He trains them to be able to serve as congregational servants or congregational overseers. Overseeing a congregation is a very important task. Therefore, when a congregational overseer is appointed by a congregational overseer, he or she ensures that the overseer is able to perform the task properly before he or she is appointed.

5 It is not always easy for a superintendent to be responsible for people in his or her area. All of the congregation’s elders are responsible for all of the congregation’s tasks. Consider what Jörg, a family superintendent from Germany, said: “I was a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m responsible for the most important tasks in the congregation. I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m responsible for the most important tasks in the congregation. I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superintendent in retirement, and now I’m a superin That makes it easier for me to do what I want to do for all the brothers in my congregation.” An elder named Abel, who spent 70 years in Uganda, said: “There’s a great deal of respect for the elders and ministers in our congregation, and that helps the brothers in our congregation feel more committed to the elders. Therefore, it is in my heart to choose every one of the people in my congregation who will be able to do the work that I am doing.” Obed, a congregation leader in Suriname, said: “I want to train people, but training is always a process, and whenever you are training someone, you have to make sure that he is doing the right thing. Therefore, I want to train people as I am doing, because every task depends on me.” What will help the elders and elders in the congregation to do the work that they are being tasked with?

6 So that the overseers of the kingdom may see all those who are in their kingdom, and may be victorious

A congregation leader may not ask a member of the congregation who is in trouble to keep an eye on his feelings so that he may be disciplined. (Read section 7.)

If the elders in a congregation are concerned about their fellow elders, then the elders in that congregation may ask a dedicated elder to take care of a fellow elder. If the elders in a congregation are concerned about fellow elders, then the elders in that congregation may ask a dedicated elder to take care of a fellow elder. If the elders in that congregation are concerned about fellow elders, the elder will take care of all of his or her fellow elders, and he or she will encourage the elders in his or her congregation to be faithful to Jehovah.

7 If you are an elder in your congregation, and the elders in your congregation care about you, find a way to train your elder to look to God toward the elder. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Take responsibility for your elder. For example, you can ask him to watch the elder at times. You and your elder can pray together and think about how you can encourage others in your congregation to look to God toward the elder.

5. What problems do some of the greatest spiritual leaders run away from?

6. If those who are in the heart of a king are hurt, how does that hurt the king's overseer?

7. If elders in a congregation are unruly, what can elders in the congregation do to help them learn from their elders? —1 Peter 5:2. (See also the footnote.)

16 MONITORING MEETING

When you go, think with him about how you can encourage him, and when you leave, tell him where he is failing, and where he can improve. If you educate the one who loves you most, he will follow you, and he will become your guardian of the faith forever. (2 Tim. 2:2) You can also have the brothers who are your neighbors in the church educate the younger brothers and sisters. The younger brothers and sisters who are struggling with things and the younger brothers and sisters who are struggling with things can educate the younger brothers and sisters in the church. We can’t teach them how to put things in their place, how to put things in their place, and how to read the Bible. Now let’s consider three things that each of us can do to help our hearts be filled with God’s love.

WHAT YOU MUST KNOW BEFORE YOU BUY A NEW MOTORCYCLE

8 If you and your brothers and sisters in your family group are at peace, you are “giving strength to your sibling.” (Read Romans 1:12.) If you are at peace, it helps you to be stronger and to feel that you are not alone when you are at peace in some ways. If you are at peace because you are at peace with your brothers and sisters in your family group, you and your brothers and sisters in your family group should consider making changes in your service. This will allow you to be at peace when you are at peace with your brothers and sisters in your family group. (Neh. 2:4-6) If you’re in trouble or if you’re worried that you’re going to be in trouble with someone in your congregation, talk to your superintendent. Your superintendent will not be able to prevent you from being called on the phone if they’re in trouble, or if they’re reading something in the Bible. If you’re a nine-year-old or a year-old who has good faith, talk to him or her.

Does your husband want you to be faithful all the time? If so, perhaps you have something in your heart that prevents him from becoming faithful. Then you need to think carefully about what you are doing, so that you can see if you can make changes in the way you deal with things. (Rom. 12:11; Coloss. 4:5) If you pray to Jehovah, he will give you “the desire and the strength” to do so. If you do so, you will have great success.—Philip. 2:13.

9 Be kind to others. By being kind to those who are in your heart’s heart, you will encourage love and joy in your heart. (Read Romans 12:13.) For example, you can have your heart’s heart come to your house to encourage your heart’s heart. In some congregations, if a brother speaks out in your congregation, the brothers in your heart’s heart take the opportunity to make him feel good. So that if the brother doesn’t feel good, the brothers in your heart’s heart will go out and encourage them. A young woman named Sarah said: “I have a tendency to be rude to others, and when I call someone rude, I do it with disdain. I try to focus my attention on my brothers and sisters who are close to me, so that my heart may be at ease with them.” When we cultivate love and kindness in our hearts, it helps to strengthen our relationship with Jehovah and our brothers and sisters.—Neh. 8:10; Neh. 20:35.

10 But devote yourselves to the work of the church, so that, if you become a faithful teacher, you may be encouraged to serve the church with your brothers and sisters in your own community.

8. Why can’t all of this be done for the sake of our soul’s salvation? (Romans 1:12)

9. What can we do to bring love and joy into the depths of our souls? (Romans 12:13)

10. What can you do to become a good teacher? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (Read the audio.)

JUNE 2026 17

When people who are in a social group are together, they are more likely to live together, and they are more likely to be involved in social activities.

(See Figure 10)

You may ask yourself, ‘Isn’t there something I should do to become a good teacher?’ If so, you may want to seek the help of a religious leader or an elder who is involved in your church’s affairs. (Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) If you ask your religious leader to help you become a good teacher, he may be able to help you. A sister named Heather said: “I met a religious leader who showed me the way to be a good teacher. He showed me how much he loved me, and he showed me the way to be a good teacher forever. It made me feel good to do something about it, and I went back to studying the Bible. I’m happy that I’ve been able to trust him, because now I’m feeling more confident than ever.” It’s obvious that there are things we can’t do to help our spiritual masters.

BOOK WHAT YOU KNOW ABOUT YOUR FATHER AND FATHER'S FATHER

11 He helps us to have a good relationship with Jehovah. Each of us has a deep feeling of loyalty toward him. For example, Elijah, the prophets, and the elders are some of the people whom Jehovah loves. Therefore, he follows his commands of loyalty by empowering them, and sometimes by applying his wisdom to them. (1 Thess. 2:8; James 1:27) Furthermore, if we follow our Lord with loyalty, we are trained to be humble and faithful teachers. Younger brothers who have been baptized also receive training to help them perform their duties in the congregation.—1 Timothy 3:10.

12 Think about how Wendy, who was interviewed in this episode, learned about the importance of the faith-minded superintendent. She said: “My dad was very interested in the truth. That’s why I encouraged my mom to go to the faith-minded superintendent, Job. I was encouraged to go. A brother who was a superintendent helped me, and he was very faithful to me. He trained me to be a faithful superintendent, and I became a leader in the congregation. In addition, I learned how my superintendent used the Bible to inspire me to live today.”

13 We have the feeling that we are loved and cherished. If we “pee apart” from our brothers and sisters in our kingdom, there will be a stronger unity between us and them. (Phil. 1:27) If those who are in the same kingdom’s heart grow stronger, then let it be the case that those who are not in the kingdom will grow stronger—

11-12. In what ways can your deepest feelings inspire you to have a good relationship with Jehovah? Give some examples of this.

13. In what ways do our spiritual masters influence us so that we are not willing to give in to them? (See also the end of the book.)

18 MONITORING MEETING

(2 Cor. 6:13) If we are weak, weak-hearted, or if one of our brothers or sisters dies, our brothers and sisters in the church may not be able to help us. (1 Thess. 5:14) Indeed, we need good hearts to help us, particularly because we are concerned about the future of our neighbors. (Matt. 24:21) Although our brothers and sisters may be unwilling to help us, the more we know that we are among brothers and sisters who love us, and the more we are encouraged by their love, the more we are willing to help them.—Proverbs 17:17.

14 Our family heart supports us in times of hardship. If we are in trouble, or if someone tries to break our door, or if someone tries to kill us, or if we get hurt in the church, our family heart supports us. For example, in each congregation, Asaph’s Sisters and Family Heart Supervisors take a specific approach to helping those who need it most. Family Heart Supervisors take the time to listen to each family in their congregation and provide them with the support they need.

14. In what way do our emotional masters influence us when we are confronted with an adversity, or when someone tries to overpower us?

These are pain, sadness, anger, anger, and anger. In fact, our emotional core is what makes us feel comfortable when someone else feels better or worse than we are.

15 As we have learned, Jehovah is careful of his servants every day. Gods who are loyal to him are careful of their servants every day. In the same way, those who are loyal to him serve him all the time, and the yield is ever-growing. (Zac. 8:23; Heb. 5:11) Like the apostles, we are keen to share the good news about God’s Kingdom. (Prov. 14:6, 7) Therefore, let us all follow the path that leads to the heart of our faith with all our hearts. If we do so, we will be very careful, and what we do will be of great benefit to Jehovah our God.—Psalm 111:1.

15. What do Jehovah’s servants who are in the field and on the road have to do?

A FRIEND OF A FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S FRIEND'S

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

■ What does a religious superintendent do to encourage those who are in their religious superintendency?

■ Why can’t we do anything to improve our heart’s feelings?

■ How can we follow the example of the greatest spiritual leaders?

LA 61 Witnesses, Be Yourselves!

AUGUST 31–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

LA 89 Bu Tue, Ye Nɔ, Konɛ A Jɔɔ Mo

HOW TO GET THE BEST OUT OF OUR LIFE We will find out why we should be happy, and we will find out if we are willing to learn more about Jehovah, and how we can do so.

Moo Bu Tue Saminya Ke O Ya Asafo Mi Kpe

“Be careful how you speak to them in heaven.”—LUKE 8:18.

DAVID said: “Jehovah is one, and there is only one thing that is necessary.” Indeed, we can follow David’s example. Today, Jehovah uses all things to show us what to do.—Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One of the ways in which Jehovah regularly teaches us today is through the church meetings we attend. Sometimes, when we go to church meetings, the things we learn are things we have learned before. If we want to “be grown up in the truth,” it is important that we reflect on what we have learned. (2 Pet. 1:12) If we learn from things we have learned over the years, does it not make you feel like you have to do something about it? If it does, then the lesson will help you. Therefore, in this lesson, we will find out what we should take into consideration when we go to church meetings. Then we’ll look at how the elders in the congregation can inspire us to think about God when we go to church meetings. Then we’ll look at the books that can inspire us to think about God when we go to church meetings. In the meantime, let’s think carefully about what the elders are saying to us when we go to church meetings.

HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT GOD IS WITH YOU?

3 Jehovah uses his Word, the Bible, to guide us. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Because Jesus knew this, he used the Bible extensively when he taught people. This led him to ask his disciples: “Which way does this man go to the place where the Holy Spirit dwells and where he teaches in the synagogues?” —John 7:15.

1-2. (a) In what ways does Jehovah show us how to behave today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this lesson?

3. How does Jehovah speak to us, and how do his servants use the Bible?

20

(Deuteronomy 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) Even today, Jehovah’s Witnesses use the Bible to explain what they teach in their books, broadcasts, sermons, and videos. When people come to our churches, they learn about how we use the Bible to explain things. When people come to our churches, they learn about how we use the Bible to explain things. When people come to our churches, they learn about how we use the Bible to explain things. When people come to our churches, they learn about how we use the Bible to explain things. When people come to our churches, they learn about how we use the Bible to explain things. However, when we read the Bible alone, we are encouraged to keep ourselves calm, and we learn how to use it to our advantage.—Luke 24:32.

4 Just as when we are unable to do what Jehovah God wants us to do, let us consider what he wants us to do in the congregation. When we consider what Jehovah wants us to do, we will be greatly encouraged.—Proverbs 27:11; Proverbs 27:12; Proverbs 27:13; Proverbs 27:14; Proverbs 27:15; Proverbs 27:16; Proverbs 27:17; Proverbs 27:18; Proverbs 27:19; Proverbs 27:20; Proverbs 27:21; Proverbs 27:22; Proverbs 27:23; Proverbs 27:24; Proverbs 27:25; Proverbs 27:27; Proverbs 27:28; Proverbs 27:29; Proverbs 27:29; Proverbs 27:28; Proverbs 27:29; Proverbs 27:29; Proverbs 27:29; Proverbs 27:29; Proverbs

WHAT DOES IT MEANING THAT WE SHOULD FOLLOW GOD’S RULES AND DON’T FOLLOW THEIR REGULATIONS?

5 When we worship in the congregation, we show that we love Jehovah. (Matt. 22:37) As we learn more about Jehovah, our love for him grows, and that love encourages us to worship him, live out his love, and love him as the Bible says we do. —Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 By attending the meetings of the congregation, we show that we love others. (Matt. 22:39) By attending the meetings of the congregation, Jehovah shows us that he loves us.

4. Why is it important that we look to heaven when we go to the church?

5. What does our love for Jehovah inspire us to do? —John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6. What does Jehovah show us in our actions?

Nihi Na Maa Ye Bua Mo Konɛ O Bu Tue Saminya

Some brothers who have served Jehovah for a long time showed some of the things that motivated them to join the congregation:

• Brother Suefawn, who was baptized in 1986, said: “I pray to Jehovah that he will give me the wisdom to make a good decision, and I make sure that the congregational meetings I attend, the things I look forward to, and the place I will be in the meeting depend on my conviction.”

• David, who was baptized in 1983, said: “I pray to Jehovah that he will give me the wisdom to make a good decision, and I make sure that the congregational meetings I attend, the things I look forward to, and the place I will be in the meeting depend on what I do.”

• Nicolas, who was baptized in 1982, says: “When you see someone doing something in the congregation, try to find something that makes you feel good about him or her, and take it to heart.”

• Augustine, who was baptized in 1988, said: “When the truthful spirit encourages us to revisit a verse we have learned in the past, it shows that that verse is very important to us.”

How can we help our brothers and sisters who are suffering? For example, the book, Helping People—Helping Ourselves, helps us to understand why we need to live in harmony. Doesn’t it tell you that you should help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony? If so, why shouldn’t you help others to live in harmony?

JUNE 2026 21

Make a list of things you would like your children to do when they complete the assignments in the section entitled “How to Use Social Networking”.

(Deuteronomy 32:44-47) When we look at our brothers and sisters, we learn how to deal with their grievances so that we can continue to be happy today and in the future. (Rom. 8:25) Moreover, since we are in the midst of these grievances, this is a time when we should look at Jehovah so that we can continue to be happy.—Matt. 24:42-44; Eph. 1:3.

YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU ARE GOING TO DO

8 Younger brothers who teach on the radio should make sure that their speeches are informed, and that they do not distract those who are listening to them. If a younger brother takes a moment to reflect on what he is saying, and then applies the conclusions of his speeches to the Bible, he will help those who are listening to him to understand an important truth in the Bible. He will also help younger brothers who are members of Jehovah’s Witnesses to understand the truth in the Bible and put it into practice. If you’re doing something in the congregation, and you don’t focus on it, it might be very frustrating to you. Therefore, think about how the following articles will help you to be a good teacher. Although these articles are mostly about people who follow the right way of thinking, they may also be useful for all of you who work in the congregation. —2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

9 Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. When you’re speaking, be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. When you’re speaking slowly, be careful how you speak while you’re sitting down. How do you do that? Here are some tips: (1) If you’re speaking alone, be careful how you speak so that the bulls know what you’re speaking about. (2) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. If you’re speaking in a crowd, be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (3) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (4) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (5) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (6) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (7) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (8) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (9) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (10) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (11) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (12) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (13) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (14) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (15) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech away. (16) Be careful how you speak so that the bulls don’t take your speech (3) If you're going to keep your speech, keep the mouths closed.

(Proverbs 2:4, 5; Proverbs 4:20) If you think carefully about the words and phrases in your speech, you’ll be able to focus on the phrases and phrases in your speech. A brother in the United States who is 70 years old said: “When we read the Bible, I find it helpful that the speaker encourages us to think carefully about the words and phrases in the Bible. She took the talk very seriously, and she showed us how to do that. That talk changed my life for the better. It helped me to learn more about the Bible, and it helped me to have a closer relationship with Jehovah.”

7. Why is it important that we continue to worship Jehovah?

8. Why is it important for younger brothers who are teaching to follow in their teaching?

9. When you’re teaching, what will you do to keep the bulls from taking your speech?

10. Why is it important that you focus on what you are going to teach?

22 MONITORING MEETING

11 Think about things that will inspire your followers, and show them how to put what you teach into practice. Use the Bible to inspire your followers, showing them how to put what you teach into practice, and also how to make the message clear. For example, the apostle Paul told Timothy what he needed to do to have a good relationship with Jehovah during his time with the brothers in Ephesus. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) Think about what you can do to encourage your followers, and show them important things they should do so that they can put what you teach into practice in their lives.

12 But when thou speakest, let thy speech flow, that thy speech may be effective: and when thou speakest, let thy words flow, that thy mouth may be open, and thine ears may hear, that thou mayest be able to understand all things when thou readest. The book, Be Yourself, Says: “Take care of your speech so that your listeners will see how you treat them, and how you feel about it.” If your speech is meaningful, your listeners will be interested in you, they will feel about it, and they will want to do what you say.

13 If you have a brother who wants to talk to you, go to him with a book. For example, when you go to talk to him, you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk to him about, and if he wants to talk to you about something, you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk to him about, and if he wants to talk to you about something, you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and if he wants to talk to you about something, you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about, and you can’t take things that you don’t want to talk about Therefore, if something happens to you while you’re on your knees, it won’t tell you exactly what you need to teach so that they can understand it. We all want to be teachers who are on their knees so that we can help our pupils understand it.

11. What do you need to do to get the bulls to listen to your speech? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

12. Why is it so important for you to keep your words in your heart when you are teaching?

13. Why should the brothers who teach in the congregation ask the brothers in the heavenly kingdom about the teaching of the Bible? (See also the video.)

Ask an elder who is passionate about teaching to help you become a passionate teacher (Read section 13)

23

Continue to study Jehovah’s Witnesses. Let your phone or tablet focus your attention on the things in the book.

(See section 17)

the truths of the Bible in the heavens, and put them into practice in their lives.*

WHAT DOES IT DO TO YOU BEFORE IT DOES WHAT IT SHOULD DO TO YOU?

14 If we feel that we care about God’s servants, we will be encouraged to take care of ourselves. We will care about God’s servants so that we will be able to keep up with them in the ‘places where they care less.’ (2 Tim. 3:1) Therefore, if what we care about is something we care about more than anything else, we should take care of ourselves in the same way that Psalm 119 took care of God’s servants. —Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

15 It is important that we look at the things we see in our eyes as things that go to Jehovah. We cannot learn from the way the Israelites did things when Jehovah sent them into the desert. (Exodus 16:15, 31) Si-

* If you are looking for books that will inspire you to become a self-employed teacher, see the book, Be Yourself in Your Learning and Living, and the book, Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education.

14. Why should we act in the same way as the person in Psalm 119 did? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

15. What will inspire us to begin to consider the things we see in our eyes as important?

(Numbers 21:5) In other words, we must act like the Israelites, thinking that the things we are learning are things that are important to us. In other words, we must understand that the things we are learning are things that are important to Jehovah. Therefore, they should be of great importance to us. We must also understand that the true and righteous Father is quick to do things for us, but he is careful when he takes his decisions. Moreover, what we learn encourages us to keep ourselves in good shape so that we can live forever.—Proverbs 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

16 We can’t continue to look forward to the heavens at our feet if we don’t put the good news into practice. For example, let’s look at the good news that some elderly brothers and sisters have been serving Jehovah for. “If I don’t put the good news into practice,” says Ashley, who has been serving Jehovah for 30 years.

16. Why do some brothers and sisters who are active in Jehovah’s service refuse to go to heaven to join the congregation? (See also the section entitled “Those Who Don’t Love You Don’t Love You in Heaven.”)

24 MONITORING

when I go to the church, it makes me feel better and I read more. If I let go of it, then let me take my decisions, and let my mind be quiet.” Brother Joseph, who also served Jehovah for 52 years, said: “When the one who is in charge of the congregation is the one who I’m most interested in, I try to focus on him, because I see the things that the brothers are doing there.” He also said: “When the one who is in charge of the speech has a good teaching, I try to focus on what he wants to say, but give him a way to go about what he’s saying, because what he’s saying goes to Jehovah.”

17 Some of the other things that can help you be a good speaker and keep your mind focused on the speakers are: (1) Make sure you’re ready to go to the speaker’s room. (2) Make a schedule for when you’re going to the speaker’s room. (3) Use your phone or tablet to write down what you think the speaker is going to say. (4) Think about what the speaker is going to talk about. (5) Focus on the speaker. (6) Put aside some of the things you want to say, or do things that will make you feel like you’re talking. (7) Think about what the speakers are saying and how they’re doing it. (8) Do you ask yourself, ‘How can I use the money to help a brother or sister in our congregation?’ (9) When you go to a congregation or district, look at the doorstep of the congregation, and read the instructions on how to use the money. Also, look at the messages and instructions on the doorstep of the congregation. (10) Do not forget to watch the Bible videos so that you can focus on the congregation.

Who Does What God Wants?

(Psalm 23:3; 31:3) Indeed, we need Jehovah’s guidance so that we may be able to follow the truth. Therefore, when you attend church meetings, you should “be proud,” putting into practice what you have learned. (Luke 8:18) If you follow Jehovah, you will have peace of mind right now, and you will have eternal life.—Psalm 119:2, 14.

17. What are some of the things that will inspire you to think twice before leaving the congregation? (See also the video.)

18. Why do we have to look to heaven when we go to church?

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

■ Why should we look to heaven when we go to church meetings?

■ What can younger brothers who are teaching do to encourage younger brothers to take care of them in the congregation?

■ What will inspire you to go to heaven?

LA 87

Let's Have a Good Day!

THE WORLD IS GOOD

I Loved Jehovah So Much That I Spent 70 Years in Cuba

GUSTAVO JOSEPH NYA MI MUNYU

I was born in 1947 in a small village in Cuba, where the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean meet. We were three brothers and two sisters, and I was the captain. My parents and I lived in a small house in Esmeralda.

I think we have a lot of joy in our new home. We have a family of 12 children. Some of them are my brother, my sister, and my sister’s sister. We have a lot of fun together. That’s what makes us happy.

When I was a child, my parents and a young man named Walton Jones started studying the Bible together. Walton worked in the community service, and he spent about 15 minutes a day reading the Bible. Every time he came home, everyone in my family listened to him on the radio, and he read the Bible with them every hour. My parents, my brother Pedro and my sister Ela, were impressed with what they learned, and they were baptized as Jehovah’s Witnesses. Ela is now 100 years old and serves as a missionary in Cuba.

Nowadays, Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba are very devoted to Jehovah. The people in Cuba know Jehovah’s Witnesses very well, because we are constantly in their homes, and we give them Bible study materials. We are very devoted! When I think about the things that we do in our service to Jehovah when we are in great distress, it makes me feel greatly blessed. May we be able to overcome the obstacles we encounter.—2 Tim. 4:2.

WE ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE AND WE ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE

When I was 32 years old, my dad took my grandmother to the hospital. She was placed in a bed on our bedside table and taken to the room where we were staying. The worst part was that in the middle of the night, the baby was diagnosed with typhoid. When she returned home, my grandmother was sick and died. She died when she was only 32 years old.

When my dad died, my mom made the decision that we would all go to his house in Lombillo. That meant that we would leave our children behind and focus on the things that made us love them. Let’s go and serve Jehovah as a family.

On August 26, 1957, I was baptized in a chapel in the village of Lombillo. At that time, I was only 18 years old. After two years, the status of Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba changed dramatically. In 1959, they changed their name to Jehovah’s Witnesses of the United States.

26 MONITORING MEETING

the one who believes in it, and the one who does not believe in it.

He wants to have all of us in heaven. That’s why we as Jehovah’s Witnesses are so lucky, because we’re involved in all of our work, and we’re able to take advantage of every opportunity that comes our way. That’s why we can’t stop trying to please Jehovah as much as we’ve ever done before. Usually, the one who takes over our work takes away thousands of brothers and sisters’ lives. Some of them get very badly hurt, and they’re given a hundred dollars. Sometimes, they’re given a hundred dollars. The Bible also urges us to take care of ourselves.

(Heb. 10:25) We work hard in the fields, and we do things that get people’s attention. I know that one day a brother took a piece of cloth in which he laid the seeds to make us work hard. Let us take the seeds that we had left behind, and let us take the seeds that were in the fields. Therefore, we laid all the seeds together to make the seeds. Let you come to me with your own seeds.—Micah 2:12.

We know the young men who have taken the path that leads us to the present day, and we are very interested in what is happening in the world. For example, the recordings of the meetings that are recorded on the radio are sent to all the members of the congregation in Cuba. Usually, only the two young men who are on the radio listen to the meetings and the recordings. Because the meetings are recorded on the radio, sometimes you may think that the young men are doing something wrong, or that there is something wrong with them. When we go to the meeting place, the brothers and sisters use an electric wheelchair with a slam to power it, which helps us to listen to the recordings and read the meeting. Because of our work, we follow all of the congregation’s newsletters in the same way as our fellow brothers and sisters in the congregation do, but we want to do what is necessary to have a good relationship with Jehovah. In fact, we are confident that we are doing our best to serve him.—Neh. 8:10.

WE WILL BE HAPPY TO SEE YOU AGAIN

When I was 18 years old, I joined the roadside service in a camp in Florida. After a year, I was sent to work as a roadside worker in Camagüey, one of the most remote camps in Cuba. From there, I went to Santiago de Cuba with a sister named Emilia, who was in need of help. We were soon taken away, and within a year, we had to flee.

A. A school for congregational leaders held in Camagüey, Cuba, in 1966

B. We attended the meeting in the year 1967

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

B

District Assembly TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

D

E

D. When we set up the observation service in the early 1990s

E. Kekleekle, who was appointed to the position in 1994.

When we graduated from high school, we both worked in a volunteer service. Emilia and I both wanted to take part in the volunteer service, but ultimately, we wanted to take a step forward in Jehovah’s service. So I chose to work in the volunteer service from 3 p.m. to 11 a.m. Every day. Although it was hard for me, the way I did it made it easier for me to be faithful all the time, and Emilia and I were faithful throughout the congregation.

In 1969, we married our youngest son, whom we named Gustavo. Then we were told that we were going to serve in the Watch Tower. At the time, people with disabilities were not allowed to serve in the Watch Tower in Cuba. Although we were depressed, we were very happy at the time. Emilia and I thought it was a great opportunity to serve our brothers and sisters. When we served in the Watch Tower, we married Obed and Abner, and a few years later, we married our daughter Mahely.

As I watched the years we spent on the mission, I was thrilled to learn that Jehovah loves his people in Cuba, and that he wants us to teach our children to love him. Now I want to share with you some of the things that happened in our lives while we were on the mission.

THE SECOND DAY OF THE WEEK WILL BE THE DAY THAT YOU WILL KNOW THAT YOU ARE THE ONE WHO HAS BEEN KILLED

Because of his lack of service, it was very important for the brothers to be actively involved in the work of the church. He was responsible for all the Kingdom Works, and he wanted to bring the good news to the poor. He was responsible for all the brothers and sisters, and he was also responsible for the office of the congregation in Havana.

Because of the nature of our work, we don’t go to churches to hurt our brothers and sisters. When we go to churches to hurt our brothers and sisters, we go back to churches to hurt our brothers and sisters. When we go to churches to hurt our brothers and sisters, we do so with all our hearts, and sometimes we go on a bike, because we don’t want to hurt the police or judges. In fact, we do it on the road. We do it as if we were going to hurt our brothers and sisters. What we do is important. The truth is that sometimes we feel that our watchman’s duty is being disregarded, because we are doing our best to keep ourselves from getting sick. (Mark 10:29, 30) Ultimately, we need to do our duty with diligence.

28 MONITORING MEETING

E

F

G

E. Emilia, who is serving at Bethel in Cuba

F. There was a General Assembly held in the year 2012

G. Brothers who attended the Bible Schools for People with Disabilities in the year 2013

Often, the police take us away to interrogate us. When they find out what we’re doing, they take the brothers and sisters we go to them and put them in jail.—Rom. 16:4.

During this period, brothers and sisters who live in the countryside have shown us a great deal of kindness. For example, in some places, brothers and sisters give us the mustard seed they have in their gardens so that we may be able to eat it. Brother and sisters also encourage us to go to their gardens where we can eat the fruit of the trees. Therefore, sometimes we take our own fruits and give them to them to eat.

When we go to a church, we are with all of our friends. We just walk out of the church, and we let our mother and grandmother keep an eye on us in the church. We take the most important thing in our life and do something for ourselves. On the other hand, the police come into our homes, so as we take our books and we take the baby pampers, the police look in our homes.

She liked the way Emilia looked after our children, and she was very impressed with the way she looked after them in the beloved ministry. I could also do my cycling work, and now I do the watchman’s work. How do I do both? Sometimes I do two or three overtime shifts in the office, so I have to leave the office. But then my job changed. I was told that I would look after the children all day, so I would have to do the whole day’s work, and I did so. I discovered that when I gave the ministers all the tasks that were in the office, when I was in the office, and when I went to the congregations, they were doing something. I knew that my leaders were aware of the fact that I was in the office.

IN ORDER TO GET THE WORST OUT OF YOUR LIFE, YOU HAVE TO DO WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO

One week in 1994, the elders who had been removed from the congregation in Cuba and our elders held a meeting in Havana. We celebrated our 80th birthday. We were delighted that after all those years, we had returned to the congregation! In addition, we reflected on some of the changes the congregation had made. We were told something that made us all happy. The elders told us that they had decided to let us go to the elders! Why did they do that?

JUNE 2026

29

2013 Year-End Celebration of the Church in Cuba at the Ajla Toli Convention Center

They told us that they were following them because they wanted them to join Jehovah’s Witnesses. So they told them to bring all the watchmen. When they said that, we all knew that they were going to bring us to them. As a result, the relationship between them and the watchmen became very bad.

In general, we tend to be the leaders of the congregation, and we are afraid that we and our community will go against the law. Eventually, we will find that the elders are listening to the watchmen, so that they want us to be obedient to them.

In September 1994, we were told that our community service could not continue. As a result, we took over the community service unit that had been in operation for 20 years and continued to provide services.

In 1996, brothers and sisters called me and Emi-lia at home, and told us that they wanted us to go to Bethel. I was very excited, and I told them that we had two months left in the country and needed to be watched over. The brothers looked at us with great interest, and in the end, they indicated that we would be needed at Bethel. Therefore, we decided that our family would make arrangements for us to go to Havana.

In the meantime, he became passionate about Bethel service. He went on to serve as a watchman, and he became passionate about that service.

When the brothers and sisters at Bethel saw how much I thought about them, they encouraged me to go to Emilia. When I got there, I took a deep breath, and I was inspired to do what I was doing.

Now, Emilia and I are both in prison. We are delighted when we think of all the brothers and sisters we have met, and when we have the opportunity to serve them as well. We are also delighted when we see that all our brothers and sisters are serving Jehovah. This reminds us of what the apostle John, who was in prison, said: “I have one joy: that I may know that my brothers and sisters are walking in the way that is removed from the truth.”—3 John 4.

Emilia and I have been serving at Bethel for the past 30 years. Although we may have been struggling in our youth, we decided to do something that we couldn’t do in the service we were assigned to. In all our service to Jehovah, we suffered some hardships, but we are happy that we will be serving “the God of joy” for 70 years in the hilltop neighborhood in Cuba!—1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1.

Emilia and I and our sister and her husband lived in a small house in a hillside.

30 | MONITORING

SANE BIMIHI NÍ KANELI A NGƆ

What is the second condition that the apostle Paul refers to in Galatians 4:24?

■ When the apostle Paul spoke of the conflict between Abraham and Sarah and Haggai, he said: “These things cannot be taken as things of value; for these yis are for two somits.” (Gal. 4:22-24) At one time, we show that these two somits are the Lord’s somit and the son’s somit. But when we return to this chapter, we find that we need to make a change in the way we look at the chapter. It might be that Paul’s reference to the son’s somit is about the son’s somit, but he is referring to the son’s somit of God with Abraham. Why do we say that?*

(Exodus 19:5, 6) All the Jews had fallen into bondage to sin. Moreover, the Son of God would lead the Israelites to the Messiah, because he alone could bring the Son of God up to heaven. When the Messiah used his power to sacrifice the Son of God, he opened the way for all sinners to be saved from sin and sinfulness. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) Insofar as Jesus took God’s righteousness into account, God’s righteousness is important to us too.—Romans 10:4.

Paul distinguished between Haggai and Sarah as being “the one who was with him,” and referred to them as “going to the book.” (Gal. 4:23) The present-day book is the promise that Jehovah made to Abraham. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) In Genesis 22:18, Jehovah said of the book: “All that is in the fold shall go to [Abraham’s] feet to be glad, because you have watched over the day.”

* This is an amendment to the statement published in the March 15, 2006 Bulletin of the House of Commons, pp. 10-12.

(Genesis 3:15) He indicated that the “children” who were born to him would be part of the descendants of Abraham. Paul indicated that Jesus Christ was the present “children.” The 144,000 who were born to him, who were “the things of Christ,” and who were to live with him and his father, were also born to this “children.” (Gal. 3:16, 29; Eph. 14:1-3) In keeping with Jehovah’s promise to Abraham, all who follow Jesus and obey him will receive great blessings.

Why did Paul use ‘these things’? Paul did so to show the Jews of his time that if they followed the law of Moses, they would be made slaves as they were in Haggai’s book. If they followed Abraham’s “son,” who is Jesus Christ, they would also be made slaves, and they would be called Sarah. Indeed, they would be made slaves to sin and fornication. (John 8:32-34) By following Jesus, he meant that he would take the law of Moses to them, that is, that he would show them the way to Christ.

The Galatians, who were Christians to whom Paul addressed the letter, were all Jews who were in the service of God. The fact that some Jews in the congregation were following the example of the Jews who became Christians and refused to be slaves of God was also a sign that they were willing to do so. Since they were faithful to Christ, Paul made it clear to them that it was necessary for them to be slaves of God too.—Galatians 5:1, 10-14.

JUNE 2026 31

HOW DOES THE MONITORING OF GOD’S WORSHIP WORK?

June 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 6 DANGME

MUNYUHI NƐ NGƐ MI

Monthly Readings for August 10-16 | 2 Reasons Why Jehovah Wants We to Live in Peace

August 17-23, 2012 | 8 Things We Should Know About Our Brother Who Was Killed in the Battle of Gbagbo

August 24-30, 2014 | 14 Ways We Should Celebrate the Day of the Father

Munyu nɛ a maa kase kɛ je August 31–September 6 | 20 Moo Bu Tue Saminya Ke O Ya Asafo Mi Kpe

THE WORLD | 26 I Loved Jehovah as I Spent 70 Years in Cuba

THE WORDS THAT ARE CANCELLED | 31

We’re grateful for your support. It’s made to keep Bible education going, and people love giving something they need. If you’re interested in helping, we encourage you to visit donate.jw.org.

The chapters in the book are entitled The Great Book—Let’s Take a Closer Look. If we take a closer look and apply it to a particular topic, we’ll get a clearer picture.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

What the Bible Says About Love

Yahi Nɛ Nihi Kɛ Gbe Lo Blema

(Mark 1:16-20) Some of Jesus’ disciples may have been engaged in the ministry on the Sea of Galilee.

Here’s how they do it. They use a knapsack that they throw at them, and they let all the little ones jump as fast as they can. If one of them is in the room where he’s sleeping, he throws a knapsack at him and they let him jump. And if he’s in the room where he’s sleeping, he throws a knapsack at him. In the way of the knapsacks, they put a knapsack on him so that he won’t jump. In the way of the knapsacks, they put a knapsack on him so that he won’t jump. In the way of the knapsacks, they put a knapsack on him so that he won’t jump. In the way of the knapsacks, they put a knapsack on him so that he won’t jump.

(Luke 5:6) The Bible tells of James and John who “stood up and went toward them.” So they did. (Matt. 4:21) It is not possible that every time he went toward them he was standing up and going toward them. Luke also tells of some of the people who “stood up and went toward them” (Luke 5:2). (Luke 5:2) So he went toward them so that they could stand up and go toward him. (Ezek. 47:10) He did this so that they could stand up and go toward him. (Luke 5:2) He did this so that they could stand up and go toward him. (Luke 5:2) He did this so that they could stand up and go toward him. (Luke 5:2) He did this so that he could stand up and go toward him. (Luke 5:2) He did this so that he could stand up and go toward him. (Luke 5:2) He did this so that he could stand up and go toward him. (Luke 5:2) He did this so that he could stand up and go toward him. (Luke 5:2) He did this so that he could stand up and go toward him. (Luke 5:2) He did this so that he could stand up and go toward him. (Luke 5:2) He did this so that he could stand up and go toward him. (Luke 5:2) He did this so that he could stand up and go toward him. (Ezek. 47:10)

Jesus ordered those who were persecuting him to take him away so that they could "be glorified as he was glorified."

Go to jw.org or scan this code

JW.ORG

w26.06-DG