OCTOBER 2026

EZINZALE ARANE

GOD'S BELIEVES IN HIMSELF

THE FOLLOWING DATES WILL APPLY: DECEMBER 7, 2026-JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

WHEN YOU ARE THE ONE YOU ARE

“THE time of the glory of God’s servants is at hand. God has chosen men to be his witnesses on earth.” This statement was published in The Watch Tower on January 1, 1926.

Throughout 1926, Jehovah spoke through Jesus Christ, the Head of the Church, to inspire Christians to focus on the importance of the work of preaching in their lives. That is to say, “one heart and one soul” inspired God’s servants to publish new books, make changes in their teachings, and better teach the work of preaching to all Christians. (Matt. 24:45) Jesus’ inspiration gave them the resources and resources to produce the books they needed to carry out the work of preaching.

THEY HAVE MADE A BOOK OF WORDS AND THEY HAVE MADE A BOOK OF WORDS AND THEY HAVE MADE A BOOK OF WORDS AND THEY HAVE MADE A BOOK OF WORDS AND THEY HAVE MADE A BOOK OF WORDS AND THEY HAVE MADE A BOOK OF WORDS AND THEY HAVE MADE A BOOK OF WORDS AND THEY HAVE MADE A BOOK OF WORDS AND

In April, The Golden Age (also known as Awake!) asked him to write a new book, Deliverance, which would be used as a supplement to the Study in the Scriptures, which is used to guide people in the congregation. In order for the Bible Students to read more of the books, the missionaries built a new pen tray. He would make 22 pen trays at a time. Everyone the Bible Students met in the congregation would get one of the books.

For many years, the Bible Students had been studying Studies in the Scriptures, but in May 1926, they were forced to study The Watch Tower. What happened?

One of the congregations wrote a letter to Reverend Rutherford, which read: “We ask you to study every day the message that the Prophet has sent us to learn. We would like to see that we all quickly acquire any new understanding that he may bring in his time.”

A new controversy has caused Bible scholars to focus more on the work of preaching. For example, an article entitled “Character or Covenant—Which?” explained that the work of true Christians is not to strive for good character and good manners. The article pointed out that God wants Christians to be his preachers. In order to do so, each one of them must adhere to this rule and speak with joy.

Another of his slogans, “Sacrifice and Service,” emphasized the need for true Christians to devote themselves faithfully to Jehovah. It also encouraged Bible learners to take part in congregational service and to spread the message to as many people as possible.—Acts 43:10, 12; Matthew 24:14.

The organizations implemented these changes quickly. A few days earlier, a letter was sent to the

2 SECTION 1

In a letter published in The Watch Tower on July 15, 1926, he wrote: “The articles we have studied today entitled, ‘Character or Covenant—Which?’ and ‘Sacrifice and Service’ have given us great encouragement and encouragement. We should not be Watch Tower followers, but learners.” He concluded the article, “It is wonderful that we all have a great desire to contribute to these studies and help the congregation to have a better life.”

BEFORE THEY DID THESE THINGS, THEY DID THESE THINGS TO THEIR CHILDREN AND CHILDREN TO THEIR CHILDREN.

In late May 1926, a group of Bible Students attended a conference in London, England. At the time, British workers were on strike, and they wanted to find someone to print material for them. As a result, members of the Brooklyn branch worked hard to send 117,000 copies of The Standard for the People to the attendees of the conference.

On Monday, May 29, the congregation decided to use the booklet. They also encouraged the congregation at the conference: “Every day every Bible school in the country is called upon to preach the good news of the King and the Kingdom. Everyone at the Alexandra Palace speaks about it, and the congregation tells them what to do.”

The Watch Tower, July 15, 1926, stated: “The workers will be overwhelmed. They will feel that they are doing all they can to comply with Jehovah’s commandment: ‘Be my servants and my God.’”

The next day, Rutherford gave a speech at the Royal Albert Hall on the theme of "The End of the World." When the audience was surveyed, it was estimated that there were about 13,000 people in attendance. A large speaker was installed in the auditorium so that those who were not able to attend the conference could attend the speech.

In his speech, Rutherford stated that because the various powers of the world were opposed to God and His Kingdom, they would be destroyed.

THE WORLD’S GREATEST EDUCATIONAL CENTER IN INDIA

During their meeting, Dr. Rutherford met a volunteer named Edwin.

A. Deliverance Bible

B. Alexandra Palace sua ne, London

Royal Albert Hall, London, UK

DELIVERANCE!

B

D

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

A. When George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner were in India

E. George Draper

A

E

Skinner was from Sheffield, England. When they attended the conference, Professor Rutherford told Edwin that he was going to meet him in London.

Dr. Skinner said: “What struck me was that they were going to ask me to go to a new country. It was a sunny day and I was in London. And I was determined that if they were going to ask me to go to another country, I wouldn’t go through it.” But Dr. Rutherford asked him: “Do you want to go to India?” Edwin replied: “Why do you want to go?”

On the 10th of July, Edwin and George Wright, who were also dedicated missionaries, made their way to India. Dr. Skinner served in the military and served in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India and Persia (Iran). Dr. Skinner lived in India for 64 years until his death in 1990.

NEAVOLƐ ADENDUVOMA LILE EDWƐKƐHANLWA GYIMA NE ANYUNLU

Since 1894, the organization has been sponsoring missionaries to visit various groups of Bible learners. In July 1926, the missionaries’ work was extended from two days a week to one day a week, and 100 missionaries were hired to work in the area.

In a letter to The Watch Tower, Rev. George Draper, a prominent publicist, said that “all journalists and prominent publicists should prepare themselves to warn the people, and they can do so by studying The Watch Tower.” Rev. Draper left the ministry in 1938.

NEW YORK CITY NYIANU NE

The last major conference in 1926 was held in New York City from October 14-18. The anti-globalization crowd had planned to take down Rutherford's speech "Earth's Greatest Conflict Near." However, shortly after the conference ended, many of the protesters rejected the agenda.

Today, October 15, R. J. Martin presented a tract entitled Against the People. Mr. Martin stated, “We are offering ourselves to distribute 1,250,000 copies of the book, and the delegation will distribute 1,250,000 copies of the tract. We will bring the delegates to this conference to the church and tell others to do the same.” After the conference, the delegates took the tract to the church. They sold 300,000 plots in that period.

At the end of the 19th century, the readership of the Deliverance exceeded 3,783 copies and that of The Standard for the People 35,140 copies.

On Monday, October 17, at the end of the sermon, about 12,000 people attended Rutherford's speech. When he gave his speech, the crowd was overwhelmed.

4

1000000000000000♠0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000

S Judge Rutherford's Lecture Earth's Greatest Conflict Near Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 3 o'clock SEATS FREE NO COLLECTION

F ernational Bible Students Association

G

F. Rutherford's speech, "Earth's Greatest Conflict Near," prompted a wave of public outrage.

G. A meeting at Madison Square Garden in New York in October 1926

They said they wanted to learn more about themselves. They gave us 9,000 books. They gave us the books they were giving at every conference.

STUDENTS IN BROOKLYN

As more and more people were looking for a place to store their books, the members of the Brooklyn branch found that they needed a larger place to store their books. For many years, they had been living in a small house. The members bought land on Adams Street in Brooklyn. They built a house on top of the old school building. They moved to a larger place to store their books.

They decided to visit the city in 1927. This gave the congregation the opportunity to prepare themselves for the great work that was ahead of them. During that year, the public’s interest in the truth grew and the organization became increasingly enthusiastic. This led to the decision to establish Jehovah’s Witnesses as an independent organization in 1931.

From the printing press in Brooklyn, New York

OCTOBER 2026 | 5

DECEMBER 7-13, 2026

STORY 46 Jehovah, We Are in You

BODANE This term is used to describe anxiety and the ways in which anxiety affects our understanding of what others are feeling.

Kile Anyezɔlɛ Dahuu

“Let them be anxious.”—COL. 3:15.

A 95-year-old man named John*, who was ill and weak, knew that he needed people to care for him. Whenever someone came to John or asked him for anything, he would say, “Give it to me.” Then he would write the name of the person in a small booklet. When he was tired, he would ask the person to help him lift him up, so that he would feel better. Then John would say, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” Some of the people who attended said, "John was a good man, but he was always anxious and self-conscious." John's example teaches us that when we are anxious about things, we become self-conscious and self-conscious.

(2 Tim. 3:1, 2) In some cultures, people may not feel comfortable doing something that makes them angry. But in many cultures, people may feel comfortable doing something that makes them angry. If someone feels comfortable doing something that makes them angry, they may not do it. It’s a good thing to feel comfortable.

3 Jehovah’s servants should be distinct from this world. The Apostle Paul urged us: “Let them be uncompromising.” (Colossians 3:15) So if someone is something to us, we should not be uncompromising.

* Behind the scenes.

1. What do we learn from John’s story? (Look at the picture.) 2. What are some of the problems many people face today? 3. What will we consider in this chapter?

6

Anxiety leads us to become self-conscious and self-defeating (Figure 1)

We need to consider the following questions: (1) Why should we be anxious? (2) What can we do to help ourselves feel anxious? (3) What are some of the things we can do to help ourselves feel anxious? (4) What are some of the things we can do to help ourselves feel anxious? (5) What are some of the things we can do to help ourselves feel anxious? (6) What are some of the things we can do to help ourselves feel anxious? (7) What are some of the things we can do to help ourselves feel anxious? (8) What are some of the things we can do to help ourselves feel anxious? (9) What are some of the things we can do to help ourselves feel anxious? (10) What are some of the things we can do to help ourselves feel anxious? (11) What are some of the things we can do to help ourselves feel

WHY DO WE NEED THE ANNOUNCEMENT?

4 If we are anxious about the angels we have, we will lose our happiness. If we are anxious about the angels we have, we will lose our happiness. The Bible says, “The fear of the little one is evil after a while.” (Proverbs 15:15) We all face difficulties that make us feel uncomfortable. We can’t always deal with the difficulties we face, but we can change our attitude toward them. If we focus our attention on the difficulties we face, we will lose our happiness every day. We won’t be able to identify the bad things in our lives, and that can ruin our happiness.

4. What problems can we face if we are anxious?

5 If we are anxious, it does not cause us to suffer. Psalm 15:15 says: “A joyful soul is always in anxiety.” A person with a “heart of anxiety” focuses his or her attention on things he or she does not have and suffers anxiety about them. This leads him or her to focus less on his or her problems, and he or she suffers anxiety because he or she is “always in anxiety.”

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. If we are sincere and faithful to Jehovah in what he has done for us, we won’t worry about ourselves. Why? Because it will help us concentrate on the wonderful things that he is doing for us. We won’t worry about what we may lose each day. If we think about how Jehovah is helping us, we will increase our confidence in his daily assistance. This will encourage us to focus on what we may lose each day. (Matt. 6:25-34)

5. How does anxiety cause us to lose control?

6. Why do we have to deal with anxiety and self-centeredness? —Proverbs 4:6, 7.

OCTOBER 2026 7

Isaiah 33:6 "He is the stability of your times" ♡

Spend time every day thinking about what Jehovah is doing for you. (Appendix 9-10)

If we trust Jehovah, even though we call him, he will give us “the power of patience” to help us overcome our difficulties.

7 When we become anxious, we get closer to Jehovah. Jehovah gives us all the things we need. (Read Jeremiah 1:17.) He has given us many gifts, including the redemption and the promise of life. Why does he give us all these things? Because he loves us, he has to give them to us, not because we need to use them in the future. (Proverbs 3:24; Ephesians 2:8) When we become anxious about Jehovah’s love for us, he weakens our relationship with our God and Savior, Jehovah.

WHY CAN’T WE HAVE A FRIENDLY RELATIONSHIP WITH ANYONE?

8 Think about what the Lord has done for you. For example, did you ever go through a difficult situation while you were in it? Did someone close to you die, or did you fall from a hill, or did you get injured, and did you ask yourself, ‘How did I get through that?’ But if you think about what happened today, you will see that you did not have the strength to go through it. It was the Lord who gave you that great strength. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) If you reflect on how Jehovah has looked after you during your troubles, he will make you feel greatly sorry for what he has done for you.—Ezekiel 103:2.

9 Think about what Jehovah is doing for you today. The Bible urges us to “be obedient to Him in all things.” (1 Thess. 5:18) Think every day about the good things that Jehovah has done for you in your day. You may think of Him as the one who will guide you through the end of the world, or as the one who will guide you through the beginning of the world, or as the one who will help you whenever He wants to help you. (Isaiah 92:1, 2) Like John, you can:

7. Why does anxiety affect our relationship with Jehovah? —Genesis 1:17.

8. How does it help us to think about what Jehovah does for us? —2 Corinthians 4:7.

9-10. What challenges does Jehovah face every day? (Look at the picture.)

8 SECTION 10

Choose. How do you know what it represents?

10 Finally, think about what Jehovah is doing for you today. (Deuteronomy 40:5) You can ask him to give you a prayer, a book to read, or a word or video from jw.org to help you through the day. (Deuteronomy 65:2; Matthew 24:45; Revelation 15:4) But you can also think about and do the things that God is giving us to live for, such as how he is helping us to have a good night’s sleep, a happy meal, and the kind of relationships we want. And because God has given us “man and woman,” we know these things and can take care of ourselves. (Gen. 17:25) What other gift would you choose?—Eph. 5:20.

11 But because you and your brothers and sisters around the world are devoted to Jehovah, it gives you a second chance. (Deut. 133:1; Deut. 18:24) Does a member of your congregation encourage you or give you a word of encouragement? (Deut. 12:25; 16:24) You can even feel anxious about things that are bad for the Jews. Let’s take an example. When a sister passed away, she had initially planned to go to school and take a gift. But she said: “One day, a sister came to me and said, ‘I want to take a gift.’ It made me look at my friends better." The little gesture that the lady made made her desired narrator very excited.

11-12. Why should we not be anxious about our brothers and sisters?

12 When we think about what God has done for us in the past and what he is doing for us today, it makes us want to be anxious about it. But as we were told in the beginning, if someone is anxious, we shouldn’t be anxious about it, but we should try to find ways to be anxious about it.

WHY DO WE NEED TO BE WARNING ABOUT ANY ANYWHERE?

13 What can we do to get rid of anxiety? The Scripture that explains this advice says, “Have anxiety.” When the Apostle Paul gave this advice, he said: “In all things, in word and in deed, do all things in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, doing the will of God for his own sake.” (Col. 3:15, 17) We can also try to control anxiety in our words and deeds. In this case, Paul was talking about what we do to Jehovah, but if we have anxiety about what others do to us, we are doing God a disservice. Let's consider some of the ways in which we can influence our words and actions towards anxiety.

14 Be gracious. If someone tells you to do something, even a small thing, you should do it. Sometimes the person who tells you to do it will be there to help you, encourage you, or say something to encourage you. You can send him a message or choose a small amount of money to help you do it. For example, is a church leader overseeing you and your family? You can send him a message to help you do it. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13)

13. What can we do to become more anxious? 14. How can we change what we say so that we become more anxious about what others think of us? (Look at the picture.)

OCTOBER 2026 9

What can you do to make yourself less anxious about what others do for you? (Paragraph 14)

This love also makes them aware of the time when they need to spend time with others, encourage them, and encourage others. This is because you know what they are doing and you are concerned about it.

15 And we try to make our words reflect what Jehovah is doing for us. How do we do that? We don’t say it in our hearts. But prayer is a different kind of prayer. (Eph. 6:18) Sometimes we say it in a plea or a supplication. When we pray, we ask something from Jehovah. Sometimes we say it because it gives us strength to overcome an adversity or gives us wisdom to make good or bad decisions. But when we think about the good things that Jehovah is doing for us, what he says makes us feel better. (Ed. 95:2) Or can we reflect on our prayers and ask ourselves, ‘Is it my nature to disregard Jehovah for what he has done for me, or do I always disregard him for what he has done for me?’

16 Be gracious in your actions. If someone is doing something that hurts you, try to find ways to be gracious to them. You can be gracious to them, but you must be gracious in your actions to them. If you do so, you’ll be more grateful for what you’re giving them. (Gen. 20:35) And you’ll make them feel that you care about them and that they’re doing what they’re doing. This will make them want to stay in your relationship.

17 We can be grateful for what God does for us by looking at our actions. If we are grateful for everything he does for us, we will be more willing to do something for him. What can we do for Jehovah? We must “give our sins as a living sacrifice to God.” (Read Deuteronomy 28:19, 20.)

15. How can we use our words to show our appreciation for what Jehovah does for us?

16. Why should we be more concerned about the actions of others?

17-18. How can we make our actions reflect what Jehovah is doing for us? (Exodus 12:1)

10 EZINZALƐ ARANE

12:1.) This means that we must continue to do what pleases God, whether it’s by doing things that please him or by putting our thoughts and energy into things that please him. What are some of the things that please him?

18 We devote ourselves to Jehovah, and we devote ourselves to using the resources that he has given us with care. Instead, we use the resources that we have, such as our time, our energy, our money, and other things that we have, to worship Jehovah. That is why we devote ourselves to him as much as we can—with daily reflection—by preaching the good news, attending various courses, and seeking his help and guidance in the Kingdom work. (Ezek. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) If we devote ourselves to serving Jehovah with all our heart, we will show him that we appreciate what he does for us.—Colossians 3:23, 24.

19 We live in a world that is full of obstacles, but we believe that it is good to be anxious. We believe that being anxious makes us feel better about ourselves, and that focusing on ourselves and on what matters brings us closer to Jehovah. When we think about what Jehovah is doing for us and what he is doing for us today, we become more eager to do it. Let us decide to be anxious in our words and deeds. But most importantly, let us be anxious about what Jehovah is doing. By doing so, we are showing the God who is anxious that he cares about us today and in the end times.—Ezek. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19. Why do we decide to be single?

Chapter 7: John’s thoughts on his parents. Chapter 8: A woman’s daily routine, but she’s thinking about things she’s enjoyed. For example, she’s thinking about a book that inspired her.

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

■ Why should I avoid anxiety?

■ What helps you to feel anxious?

■ What steps can you take to get rid of anxiety?

EDWƐNE 139

Pea Ewiade Fofolɛ Ne Anwo Nvoninli

DECEMBER 14-20, 2026

EDWƐNE 143

Beima, Bezinga Na Behendhe

BODANE

There is no such thing as a church today, and this statement helps us to understand the reasons for our fear of going to church.

May He Be Our Way To Eboka Nwo A Nwanwane Things Lessis This A

“[He wanted] all people to become my disciples.”—JOHANNES 13:35.

When the Egyptians led the Israelites out of Egypt, God took them down the Nile. If you had been there, you would have known how surprised you would have been. And if you had been there when Jesus took the dead and raised the dead, you would have known how surprised you would have been! These are just a few of the miracles that are recorded in the Bible. Anyone who believes in the truth and witnesses these miracles would have been completely surprised that God has given them life. (Matt. 15:31) But that’s right. Are miracles still happening today? Yes! Why do we say so?

2 When we see something that we think is amazing, we can say that it is something that God has made possible by his power. In this article, we’ll look at some of the amazing things that God wants us to do in his organization today. It’s amazing because God wouldn’t want us to do them. Before we look at any of those things, we’ll look at how we can use our faith in God to help him. —Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

WE ARE THE ONE WHO WILL GET OUT OF THIS WORLD

3 More than 2,500 years ago, Isaiah predicted that God’s servants in our time would be in a position of superiority over others. (Read Isaiah 60:22.) Did that prophecy come true? Indeed, if you look at Jehovah’s Witnesses as opposed to many other religions, you’ll see that they’re in a position of superiority over others.

1-2. (a) What are some of the most remarkable things in the Bible? (b) What are some of the most remarkable things, and what do we learn from the most remarkable things in the Bible? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why do we say that we are “overwhelmed”? (Isaiah 60:22) (See picture.)

12

In August 1914, Jehovah’s servants were better off than ever before, and that’s amazing. (Appendix 3)

1914 = 5,000

2026 Bɛbo 9,000,000

In 1914, there were about 5,000 Jehovah’s servants. But since that time, the number of people who “serve” Jehovah has grown to over 100,000. If you look at the population of the 130 nations in the world, you will see that each of them has over 100,000 people. That is, we have grown more than any other nation. The number of Jehovah’s servants has grown more than the population of the 240 nations in the world. “The few” have grown more than the “many.”

4 In many religions, people are taken seriously because of their appearance, but we do not. Instead, we use God’s principles of goodness to inspire others. For example, we have studied the Bible and followed what it teaches us to do. For many of us, this meant making major changes in our attitudes and behaviour. (1 Cor. 6:9-11) When we had made those changes, we began preaching the good news and calling others to the true religion. Then we devoted ourselves to Jehovah, or promised to do his will no matter what, and he accepted us.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 It’s amazing that God doesn’t take us seriously. Jesus said that no one should be his disciple. He said: “If anyone wants to betray me, let him renounce himself and come to his brother and follow me.” (Matt. 16:24) This was because his disciples didn’t want to be heard or perceived because of their faith. For example, he told his disciples to go out to the crowds and to the synagogues to preach. (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also told the religious leaders that he was going to send his disciples to the synagogues to preach. (Matt.

4. Why is our eternal self so wonderful?

5. What difficulty did Jesus tell his disciples to face?

OCTOBER 2026 13

Be Yourself Despite Your Disappointment

Jehovah’s Witnesses around the world took part in the Second World War in spite of the Nazi occupation. A Nazi officer said: “It was the Jehovah’s Witnesses’ occupation that made them feel the most frightened.”

The 1986 Yearbook said: “The Netherlands witnessed the persecution of some of its members, the deportation of some to foreign countries, and even the killing of some. But within two years, the number of members in the Netherlands doubled. In 1943, there were 1,379 members. Jehovah’s servants were inspired to go to the front in spite of the adverse circumstances.”

(John 16:2) However, he predicted that the next time would come when the truth of religion would be spread among the poor.—Matt. 10:34-36.

6 For when the Jews heard that Jesus was taken up into heaven, they sought to kill him, but they were not able, because of the multitude of the people.

6. What does the revival mean for the elderly Christians?

They took the apostles and went with them to the Sanhedrin, the Jewish high court. The leaders of the synagogue were “seeking to put down” the apostles. But a Philistine named Gamaliel warned them: “Let them not listen to what these people say, but leave them alone. For if this plan or this work is from man, it cannot be destroyed; but if it is from God, it will not be destroyed. But let them be careful, lest they be destroyed with the Father of God.” 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Somehow, Gamaliel didn’t understand this message. When the apostles left, the religious leaders agreed with them. But the leaders refused to let them go, and the Christian religion went downward. (Gal. 6:7) Why? Because God was going to lead the people out of poverty regardless of their resurrection.—Gal. 1:8.

7 When so many people come to the truth regardless of their enemies, colleagues, and others, why are these new disciples called to lead them to “the end of the world”? (Matt. 16:24) Because they trust in Jehovah and in the promises he has made to them, and because God has given them that promise and has given them “the strength” to come out of the pit. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) If their faith leads them to come to the truth, they will feel like the elder who said, “Though my father and my mother reject me, the Lord will receive me.” (Ez. 27:10) Because so many people took Jesus regardless

7. Why do we say that the disciples of Jesus who are present today follow the example of the first Christians? (See also, “We Have Been Saved Despite Our Misfortune.”)

14

1000000000000000♠0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000

Considering the difficulties they face, we can say that it is a miracle.

8 Each time we do a weekly service, we are working together with Jehovah and Jesus to make ourselves happy. And Jesus promises us: “I will be with them forever, even to the end of the age.” (Matt. 28:20) But angels come to us when we are witnessing.—Ezek. 14:6, 7.

THE WORDS THAT WE HAVE IN OUR HEARTS ARE THE WORDS THAT WE HAVE IN OUR HEARTS

9 In his prophecy, Maaca spoke of men and women who would be saved by God to live in peace. (Read Maaca 2:12.) That prophecy is entirely true, because today God’s people live in peace regardless of their character or their ability. They and the Edwardian David who proclaimed this prophecy are in complete agreement. He said: “Oh, how good and beautiful it is for the poor to live in peace!”—Ezek. 133:1.

10 Yes, there are many examples of how we have enjoyed ourselves. For example, no matter where we go to study or attend a conference, there is always something new to learn. Our elders and elders from neighboring countries work in the fields and in congregations around the world. We are close to each other. We don’t care about our elders, our money, or our passions. In addition, wherever we go, our brothers and sisters who listen to us are willing to help us and encourage us to continue to serve Jehovah. Today, we see many people from different nations and cultures who are determined to do things in a certain way.

11 Our prosperity is remarkable because it differs from that of the world’s oppressed people. The world’s oppressed people, for example, are not mentioned in the accounts of wars, riots, insurrections, and the rise of people to power. Instead, it is a time of prosperity and harmony among people. As the Bible says, people are “true, unruly, gentle, self-controlled, fearful, kind, submissive, submissive, and self-controlled.” (2 Tim. 3:2-4) But we continue to serve Jehovah openly despite “all the powers of the wicked” and the powers of his demons. (1 John 5:19; Ezekiel 12:9) This is a wonderful thing!

12 We can help maintain the peace in Jehovah’s church. How can we do that? We need to study and follow what God commands us to do. Because what he commands us to do in his Word helps us to be compassionate, forgive our sins, be gentle, and be pleasing to him and to others. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) So whenever we feel guilty, angry, or angry at others, we are working with Jehovah to make this wonderful thing happen in his church today.

8. What do we do to please ourselves?

9-10. What do we have to say about Mark 2:12 today?

11. Why do we say that our freedom is a marvelous thing?

12. How can we help maintain the peace that exists among God’s people?

OCTOBER 2026 15

God’s people respect themselves and others (Appendix 14)

THE WORDS THAT WE LOVE TO SAY ARE THE WORDS THAT WE LOVE TO SAY

13 Jesus promised that when he returned from the cross, he would make it easier for people to follow him. (Read John 13:35.) Christian elders showed this love in many ways. For example, they shared their possessions with others. (Gal. 2:44, 45) They helped those who were in need. (Gal. 12:5) They helped the poor and the needy. (Gal. 1:27) Despite the criticism of their parents, they were willing to help other brothers and sisters in need. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) The Roman philosopher Tertullian wrote that people described Christians as being "self-conscious and willing to be self-defeated."

14 Yes, God’s people look after themselves as the elders did. Let’s say that we look after those who are in the church and use their care to care for them. Let’s look after the work of worship. Let’s look after the money we ask for and let’s look after everyone else’s needs. Let’s look after our brothers and sisters when they need help.* If we do this, we’re helping them to come closer to God and we’re encouraging them. If we do this, we’re following Paul’s advice. He said: “Let them comfort the brokenhearted, support the righteous, and have no affection for anyone.” (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has appointed us to be members of a great worldwide family who show love and compassion for one another.

15 The state of our self-esteem is remarkable because we live in a world where many people are greedy. The Apostle Paul said that in the end of this age people will “be greedy of themselves, greedy of money, and greedy of pleasure.” They will not be greedy of God, but will be “greedy of human love,” and will be greedy of their own family members. (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus said that people must be greedy in order to be greedy. He also pointed out that “many greedy will be greedy of love.” (Matt. 24:10, 12)

* For examples, go to jw.org and search for “Disaster Relief in 2023—‘We See Firsthand Jehovah’s Love.’ ”

13. What are some examples of Christians who have shown love to themselves? (John 13:35)

14. How does God’s people show love today? (Look at the picture.)

15. Why do we say that the love we have for ourselves is wonderful?

16

1000000000000000♠0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000

Is that true in the world we live in today? Jehovah is using his power to help people develop a great love for one another. It’s a wonderful thing!

16 If we take great pride in our brothers and sisters by their good examples and try to live in harmony with them, we’ll be able to show them that we love them. (Mark 9:50) But if we show them that we love them by our words and actions, we’ll be able to show them that we are God’s people. If we show love, we’ll be able to see how our brothers and sisters and Jehovah’s people are doing a wonderful job in his organization today.

YOU ARE THE ONE WHO WAS IN THE SCHOOL AND YOU ARE THE ONE WHO WAS IN THE SCHOOL AND YOU ARE THE ONE WHO WAS IN THE SCHOOL AND YOU ARE THE ONE WHO WAS IN THE SCHOOL AND YOU ARE THE ONE WHO WAS IN THE SCHOOL AND YOU ARE THE ONE WHO WAS IN THE SCHOOL AND YOU ARE

17 Let it be known by our hearts, and by our kindness, and by our lovingkindness, that the LORD doeth marvelous things this day.

16. What examples can we take to show love for ourselves?

17. Why does Jehovah do wonderful things today?

We need to live in a world of love, but the love we have for Jehovah and our neighbors must be enhanced by becoming true disciples of Jesus. (John 13:34) Not only do we fail to see the miracles that Jehovah wants us to see, but we also fail to do what he wants us to do.—1 Corinthians 3:9.

18 Who could have predicted that people from all over the world would live in peace and harmony in a troubled world? But how can we know this today? These predictions can give us great confidence in the future promises of God. (2 Peter 3:13) May you always be pleased to see these wonderful things happening today.

18. If you see the wonderful things that Jehovah does, how does he tell you?

IF HE DID, WE WOULD BE HAPPY...

■ What about ourselves?

■ Will we stay in the open?

■ How do we speak to ourselves?

EDWƐNE 154

Elolo Enwie

DECEMBER 21-27, 2026

CHAPTER 135 Jehovah’s Model: “Me Ra, My Neighbor”

When a man and a woman have a good relationship, it can help them to grow in faith.

We Are All We Can Be

“One man can overcome one man, but two men can overcome one man.”—NLT 4:12.

When we become Jehovah’s Witnesses, we learn that we have to live out our faith. But the world is constantly trying to deceive us into believing in God. We have to try hard not to be influenced by what others think. One of these thoughts is how they approach relationships. For example, some people feel that it’s not important to have a lot of relationships, and if they have good relationships or are happy, that’s all they care about. Many young people and adults seek counsel and comfort from others. Some people, however, prefer not to have any relationships at all. But how do Jehovah and Jesus feel about their relationship?

2 Jehovah wants us to have relationships that will help us to follow his truth. That kind of relationship he gave to Jesus. Shortly after Jesus died, he said to his apostles: “These are the ones who love me because of my goodness.” He saw them as his friends. (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) A good relationship is one in which he loves us in good times and “in times of trouble.” (Mark 17:17) According to Psalm 4:9-12*, good relationships give us strength and encouragement. (Read.) They also help us to do what is right. If we have such a relationship, we can avoid anything that could damage our relationship with God. But if we and our friends dedicate ourselves to worshiping God, we will be able to do so.

* When we talk about couples, we also apply this scripture, but it does not apply to people in relationships.

1. What thoughts do many people have about relationships?

2. (a) What did Jesus do to establish good relationships with others? (b) As shown in Revelation 4:9-12, how can good relationships help us?

18

He will lead us to the things that we are most afraid of and will always be our friends.

3 How can good relationships help a father or mother to remain faithful to Jehovah? How can parents and other Jehovah-believing brothers and sisters build good relationships for them? Let’s take the prophet Daniel as an example, and see how he managed to overcome his fear of being rejected. And let’s learn how Daniel was faithful to Jehovah even when he was in a difficult situation.

HOW MUCH YOU CAN GET OUT OF YOUSELF WHEN YOU LISTEN TO JEHOVA

4 Daniel was captured during a time of great turmoil. The kingdom of Judah was destroyed because the people were not faithful to God. In the year 620 B.C.E., the Lord delivered them from Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon. (Daniel 1:2) At that time Daniel was probably a young boy. A few years later, he was taken from his home and taken to Babylon to be brought before the king. (Daniel 1:3-6) He and the young Daniel were taken to a place close to his family.

5 What did Daniel do to overcome the troubles he faced in Babylon? The Bible says that “Daniel was great in his heart” because he violated God’s laws. (Dan. 1:8) Someone taught Daniel those laws and made him determined to worship Jehovah when he was a child. Did your parents do the same? Daniel’s father’s name is translated as “You Are My Apostle.” The name that Daniel’s parents gave him indicates that they were determined that he would worship God and obey Him.—Deut. 6:6, 7.

6 And it seems that Daniel was encouraged by the work of the prophet Jeremiah. Why do we say this? Let’s take this as a lesson: The Lord returned to Daniel in person in 647 B.C.E., when he removed the king’s judges from Daniel’s presence. (Jeremiah 1:2) The people with whom the Lord came to converse were the Alevites and the rest of the people of Judah, and Daniel’s family was apparently in disgrace. (Jeremiah 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) It is not clear whether Genesis and Daniel had a close relationship, but when Daniel was a young boy, he had a good understanding of Genesis’ prophecies, and even later, he did not like Genesis’ prophecies. (Deut. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) At one point, Daniel saw in Genesis a man who was determined and determined to remain faithful despite the punishment that those who worshipped Jehovah imposed on him.

7 If the parents of Daniel, or the prophet Genesis, or any of the servants of God, had been a good example for him, they would have spoken to him, and he would have accepted them.

8 However, parents can set a good example for their children. If you are a parent, ask yourself: “If my children were to fail every year, what would they do? If they were to fail at school or on the Internet, what would they do? Would they be prepared to fail?”

3. What will we discuss in this chapter?

4. What troubles did Daniel encounter in his childhood?

5-6. Who else might have made Daniel decide to worship Jehovah?

7-8. What can parents and other Christians do to help today’s young men and women get closer to Jehovah?

OCTOBER 2026 19

How can you help your parents do this? Talk to them about Jehovah’s Witnesses, encourage them to help you study the Bible, and bring them to church with you. But if you have children and grandchildren who are faithful and faithful to the Bible, it will help them greatly.

HOW MUCH YOU CAN DO WHEN YOU ARE OUT OF SCHOOL

9 And when Daniel and the other young men were brought to Babylon, they found that they had been treated as slaves by the Babylonians, and that the Babylonians had made a deal with them, that they might serve in the temples of the gods of Babylon, and that they might serve in the temples of the idols, and that this deal would bring them into a state of infidelity to the Lord.

10 We should not be surprised to find that the reasons given by the elders were not surprising: the king had ordered that Daniel and the other elders should eat the meal that was prepared for him, which was different from the meal that Moses had prescribed for Melchizedek. (Dan. 1:5, 8) The elders might have thought that if they did not eat Melchizedek’s meal, they would have done harm because they worshipped other gods and did not do what they were supposed to do. But they might have thought that it was not wise to do what the king would call them to do. What would they do?

11 Ancient martyrs who defended themselves

9. What dreadful darkness did Daniel and the other Hebrew saints go through?

10. What was the price that the soldiers paid?

11. How did Daniel’s confession affect him? (Look at the picture in front of him.)

When they were asked to bring the king’s meal, they were forced to go and offer a sacrifice to the Lord. These were Daneel, Hyedelach, Micaiah, and Abed-nego. These prophets were forced to go and offer a sacrifice to the Lord. They all refused to eat the king’s meal, and the Lord condemned them.—Daniel 1:6-12, 17.

12 Is it because you are self-conscious that you are doing something wrong? Like Daniel and his companions, who took the time to make a good decision, you may also be self-conscious about people who have decided to remain faithful to Jehovah forever and to allow the world to destroy their character. (1 John 2:15-17) A good companion can help you remain faithful even in “a little bit” and encourage you to do what Jehovah wants you to do so that he will be with you forever. (Luke 16:10) If you are faithful in all things, it will help you to be faithful when you face great tribulations.

HOW MUCH MORE WE CAN DO TO PROTECT OURSELVES FROM THE DANGEROUS EFFECTS OF WEATHER CHANGE

13 And a good counselor may help them in the troubles of their life, as Daniel and his companions did. For Nebuchadnezzar the king commanded a great decree, and sought to do what he had commanded; and he sent and called the priests of Babylon, who were before him, and the elders of the day, that he might make known unto them what he had commanded them to do. And he did so.

12. What can help young men and women today to overcome their fears?

13. What trouble did Daniel and his companions encounter that they were afraid to deal with?

20 EZINZALƐ ARANE

Daniel 2:3, 9-11) But if they do not turn to the angels, they will be put to the test. Daniel and his companions were angry with these wise men. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their heads all that time. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their heads all that time. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their heads all that time. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their heads all that time. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their heads all that time. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their heads all that time. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their heads all that time. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their heads all that time. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their heads all that time. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their heads all that time. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their heads all that time. Daniel and his companions kept their hands on their head

14 Daniel went to the king and pleaded with him to give him some time to find out what he had done. Then Daniel went to his friends. His friends said, “Let them ask the God of heaven for mercy on this matter, that he may save Daniel and his friends.” (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah granted their prayer and revealed to Daniel what he had done and what he had forgotten. This saved Daniel and his friends, but the king put them in prison in Babylon.—Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

15 There are many important lessons we can learn from this battle. First, you need to be strong enough to overcome the adversity. Second, you need to be able to seek help from others when you are in a difficult situation. (2 Cor. 1:11) Prayer has great power in the prayers of many people. The “Reconciliator” can help us overcome difficulties that are too great for us to overcome. (Isa. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) If we have relationships with people who serve Jehovah, we can count on them to give us the strength and help we need to overcome our failures. —Read Galatians 6:2.

YOU ARE THE ONE YOU ARE, YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE.

16 The LORD is a good Helper who can help us in any situation, even if he makes us strong. For example, when Daniel was ninety years old, he defeated the Medians and Pheasons in Babylon before King Darius took power. One of the servants in the king's palace might have helped Daniel to get attention.

14. What did Daniel and his companions do to make themselves happy? (See picture.)

15. What can we learn from this battle? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What was Daniel’s response to your criticism?

What did Daniel’s sisters do that helped him overcome the difficulties he was facing? (Appendix 14)

But God abandoned his friends (Appendix 18)

The king’s thoughts led him to make a decree that no one should ask for anything other than the king’s god. That decree was so strong that he ordered the king’s servants to go to the castle. When he went to the castle, he was very angry because there was no way he could get out of the castle. But did he really go to the castle?—Dan. 6:4-16.

17 Daniel 6:19-23 describes the remarkable way in which the Lord revealed himself to Daniel. (Read.) When Daniel was in the pit, the Lord God, Daniel’s Most High, appeared to him in the middle of the pit. On the very day when the scribe came into the pit, Daniel said to the Lord God: “The angel of my God has brought me out of the pit,... for my soul is in his presence.” (Daniel 6:22) Daniel’s great faith in the Lord gave him courage.

18 Even so, he and his friends were in trouble,

17. As Daniel 6:19-23 shows, why did Daniel’s good relationship with Jehovah fail?

18. Why should we worship Jehovah, and how can we do so? (See the picture below—see “Jehovah Is Our God, Our Trust.”)

Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger. Sometimes, you may feel like you’re in danger.

YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT YOUSELF

19 We need to have a good mindset today. Why? Because a good mindset will make us more determined as “the day of the Lord” approaches. It will help us to stand firm and to support one another. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11.) As the apostle Peter saw that “the end of all things is at hand,” he said: “The most important thing is that you keep yourselves upright with the love that is in you.”—1 Peter 4:7, 8.

20 A good companion is a gift that lasts

19. Why should we have a good marriage today? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

20. (a) How can we have a good garment? (b) What does it mean to have a good garment?

22 EZINZALƐ ARANE

In the presence of the Lord, we face each other at all times today. Like Daniel, you also have to be kind to others. Learn from the example of the brothers and sisters in your congregation who are the Gospel followers you will meet, and be kind to them. You also have to be kind to the people who will help you overcome the decisions you make to be unfaithful to the Lord. Don’t forget to ask others to help you in times of need. Above all, always remember that the Lord is your best guardian. He will never abandon you. (Heb. 13:5) With Jehovah’s help, we can be willing to do whatever he wants us to do in order to have the kind of relationship we want.

Jehovah Is Our Helper, Our God Is Our Helper

What if it makes you feel like you don’t like Jehovah or someone else you love? Try to do good things every day that will help you get closer to God.

• Faithfulness: Ask in a prayer that speaks to Jehovah; he wants to listen to you.

• Spend time with Jehovah: Find out what Jehovah is saying to you when you read the Bible or listen to his sermons. The sermons focus on different aspects of his life and work so that you can get to know him better.

• Be gracious: It’s always good to have someone with whom you can have a good relationship. Try to get closer to God through his love for you.

For more information, see How Can I Be God’s Witness? on jw.org.

THE STORIES ARE GREAT: Daniel and his friends are forced to go out of their comfort zone and remain faithful forever.

HOW YOU CAN GET THE WORST OUT OF YOU..........................................

■ What about when we are in debt?

■ What about when we face a problem that we don’t want to deal with?

■ What about when he came to our fortress?

EDITION 161 I Will Do What Is Right

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

EDWAWN 162 Mebazonle Wɔ Dahuu

BODANE This text will encourage us to reflect on our daily life and will show us some ways in which we can reflect on ourselves.

Look at the Bible in a New Light

“They understood the word and always examined the Prophet carefully.”—Jn. 17:11.

In 1905, the Jehovah’s Witnesses produced a book called Daily Heavenly Manna for the Household of Faith. In the book, a daily calendar was published for each day of the year, and Zion’s Watch Tower’s statements on each calendar were reflected. Jehovah’s Witnesses continued to use the Daily Heavenly Manna since 1927, the 20th anniversary of the publication of the Year Book*. Since a new Yearbook was produced every year, it was the usual practice for the editors to publish Bible verses and special references that The Watch Tower had given to each book.

2 In 1986, Jehovah’s Witnesses published the Examining the Scriptures Daily, a booklet in 300 languages containing the latest editions of the Scriptures. You can find the latest editions on the JW Library, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY (wol.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

3 For according to our nature, neither one of us is appointed to do the last thing, but to do the first.

* The Year Book was originally published in one language, but if you were a regular reader of The Watch Tower, you would be sent a daily edition of the Watch Tower magazine.

1-2. (a) What does Jehovah’s Organization do to encourage God’s people to study a book every day? (b) What can we learn from the last days today?

3. What can we learn by constantly discussing the question of the end of time, and what will we be discussing in this chapter?

24

Answer one question. What examples from the Bible will inspire us to study the Scriptures regularly? Why is it good to study the Scriptures every day? How can we help ourselves to study the Scriptures?

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THIS PROJECT

4 Our example illustrates the attitude of a group of Jews who lived in the city of Belia in Macedonia when Paul preached the gospel to them. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) They did not want to be offended by what Paul was preaching. The Bible says that “these people were fascinated with the doctrine and turned their whole mind to the word” that Paul was preaching. When they turned their minds to what they were reading from the Scriptures when Paul was preaching, they realized that he was proclaiming the truth. Similarly, when we attend a class or meeting and the lecturer does not mention a particular scripture, we read our own Scripture and reflect on it. This gives us confidence that what the lecturer is saying is true.

5 In Balaam’s case, “the spirit of the Lord was upon him.” (Gen. 17:12) But there was a problem. The Jews in Thessalonica said to Balaam that “he had turned many people away” so that they were angry with this new prophecy. (Gen. 17:13) But the spirit of the Lord was upon Balaam, and the Scripture which he was constantly examining made him fully awake to know the truth, and it made him pass through. If we continue to examine the Word of God daily,

How We Serve Jehovah Through the Bible

• He lived with Moses in the Tabernacle, where he and the priests offered daily offerings.—Ezekiel 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told David to ignore the Melah and to consider it “with patience and patience.”—Deuteronomy 1:8, etc.

• Jehovah instructed the people of Israel to choose one of God’s angels and worship him daily.—Deuteronomy 17:18-20.

• The Psalmist urged us to obey God’s laws “with kindness and integrity.”—Ezekiel 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed every day.—Dan. 6:10.

• The book describes a great group of people who serve God “with kindness and patience.”—Ezek. 7:15.

It will give us the strength to overcome any difficulty we encounter.

WHY DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE ALTERNATIVES THAT ARE AVAILABLE?

6 It helps us focus our attention on Jehovah and his worship. We need to devote time to worshiping him because he is our God, and he loves us so that we may have eternal life. (John 3:16) The Bible shows us that if we devote time to worshiping him, we will have eternal life.

4. When the apostle Paul preached the gospel to Balaam, what qualities did he show? —Acts 17:10, 11.

5. How did Balaam’s constant study of the Scriptures help them?

6. Why do we have to do the same thing every day? (See, “How Do We Serve Jehovah Through the Bible?”)

OCTOBER 2026 25

Many employees find that spending time with Jehovah helps them focus on the spiritual aspects of their daily routine, and it helps them to pray, read, and meditate on the Bible.

7 He helps us to make good use of our time. (Read Ephesians 5:15, 16.) We need to take a little time each day to reflect on what our loving heavenly Father wants us to do. What is important?

8 He helps us overcome the challenges we face in the end. Jesus said, “Everything is a challenge.” (Matt. 6:34) And as Jesus said, we face challenges every day. But he made us see in those challenges that God knows what we are facing and what we need to do. (Matt. 6:25-32) When we face challenges in the end, we become more mindful of the challenges and think about what God wants us to do. (Ed. 68:19; 1 Peter 5:6, 7) For example, a young woman who was deeply concerned about the sin she had committed and worried that God would not allow her to do it, prayed to God to help her get out of the grave and forgive her sin. She then went to bed at night. She read Ezekiel 86:5. She said: “O Jehovah, you are good and delightful to forgive; your lovingkindness is upon all who are called upon you.” She said: “It was a blessing to me that my heart was moved when I was afflicted, and it was a pleasure for me that Jehovah comforted me at that time. It gave me the courage to go to the gym every day."

7-8. What else should we do in the evening and in the morning every day? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

9 The strength of faith helps us to “turn ourselves to Jehovah” when we are faced with difficulties. (Prov. 3:5, 6) For example, when the Russian-Ukrainian war was over, the last-day hope quoted Isaiah 30:15, which says: “If they are confident and trustful, they will be strengthened.” That scripture inspired brothers in Ukraine. A young man named Eduard said: “My brother and I went through the last-day hope’s hardships, and it helped us get through. When we prayed, he made us feel like we were going to die.” A young woman named Svitlana said: “The prophecy in Isaiah 30:15 struck us deeply. We should have spoken about it when the war was in full swing.”

10 He encourages us to be courageous in our decision to be faithful forever. We need courage to be different from our friends, family, and colleagues. We need courage to share the Bible’s truth with others and to be faithful when we are in difficulty. When Jehovah returned to David to the people of Israel, he told him to be courageous and to be self-conscious. He also instructed him to read the Book of Mala every day to be courageous. (Read Deuteronomy 1:6-9.) If we are faithful and constantly study the Bible, it will help us to be sure that we are always truthful.

9. How has the media in Ukraine been affected by recent events?

10. (a) Why do we need to be courageous? (b) What do we do that will make us more courageous? (Deuteronomy 1:6-9) (Look at the picture.)

26 EZINZALƐ ARANE

Continuous reference to the Bible will increase our confidence in God.

(Schedule 10)

11 He helps us to develop good qualities. Paul told Elder Timothy to “go forth and not be reckless in speech, in life, in love, in faith, and in judgment.” (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) As we go through the tribulation, we are given the opportunity to reflect on how we have developed good qualities. This helps Jehovah’s spirit to come to us, and we learn how to think and act in accordance with what he wants us to think and do.—Prov. 8:5, 6.

12 We are encouraged to prepare ourselves for different tasks in the daily service of the Lord. Since the Jehovah’s Witnesses are a multi-faceted organization, we need spiritual brothers and sisters to help us in the great work we are doing. We need brothers and sisters to serve as volunteers and missionaries. We need brothers and sisters to serve in the field and in the mission offices.

11. How does doing this help us to develop good qualities?

12. Who are the members of Jehovah’s church, and what do we need to do to make ourselves acceptable to them?

(Deut. 1:13-15) In addition, we need men who are committed and willing to strive to serve as church ministers, congregation leaders, and elders. Jehovah is looking for faithful men who live by the Bible principles to stand before his organization. (Deut. 1:13-15) In addition, we need to keep ourselves informed about what we do on a daily basis to draw closer to Jehovah and develop the qualities that will help us in our work.

WHAT DO WE DO TO PREVENT THE BREACH OF THE SECURITY WARRANTY?

13 What can you do for yourselves at the end of the day? The people who work in the camp are not working at the end of the day. But when they do so, they are more and more angry. What can you do?

13. What are some of the things you can do in the last days of your life?

OCTOBER 2026 27

What is necessary to keep things in mind when we are at the end of the day and in the middle of the night? (paragraph 18)

(Gen. 1:5) Then look at the Scripture that explains the situation and ask yourself: ‘How can this challenge help me strengthen my faith? How can it help me get closer to Jehovah? If I face a difficulty in the future, how can I take it up?’ If you and your friends and relatives are going through this challenge, each of you should share what he or she has learned from it to give them encouragement. (Prov. 1:12) Some employees find that if they hear a word that makes them feel bad, it makes them feel bad for the rest of the day.

14 How can you prepare yourself for the end times? You can do this by: (1) Identifying and meditating on the lessons of the end times. (2) Reading the various Bible texts in the end times. (3) Reading all the texts on the end times. (4) Searching for more information in the Jehovah’s Witnesses Study Bible. (5) Searching for more information in the Bible Study Bible. If you are using a notebook or tablet, you can see the name of the family that is reading the message on your screen.*

15 19-year-old Mackenzie describes how she feels about it: “If I don’t take the book at the end of the day and put it away for a while, I’ll take about a half an hour to think about it again, and then it’s all over again.”

16 When is the best time to work at night? It is when you and your family are together. For example, some people work at night to eat dinner or attend a party. Some people work at night to take their children to school. See the Bible Study Guide to help them keep up with the times. The above-mentioned work at night should be included in the time you work at night.

* It takes a year and a half to visit the Ancient City and it takes a lot of time to focus on the lectures and discussions.

14-15. What other things can we do in the end times, and what can we do to avoid them?

16. When should you do the last and the first prayer?

28 INDIVIDUALS ONLY

17 Why is it better to focus on what we’re going to do at the end of the day? Because if we don’t, we’re going to lose it all. John, 16, said: “If you’re going to do at the end of the day and you don’t focus on what’s important to you, it won’t be easy.” Sierra, 25, said: “It’s not the most important thing I do in the day and I don’t do anything else.” And Rogelio, 21, said: “If I have an alarm on my phone, it always wakes me up.”

18 If you don’t have a plan for the weekend, you’ll have to work hard to make it work. Make things happen. Isabelle, 19, said: “If you have a plan for the weekend, you’ll have to make sure you don’t do anything that you don’t want to do. If you have a plan for the weekend that you don’t want to do, you’ll have to think about what’s going on.” Olivia, 19, said: “If you have a plan for the weekend with your family or friends, it can help. If you have someone who does something you don't like or that hurts you, you won't be afraid of him."

BOA E MRA MA BUA ALEHYENLWA NE ANU TEKESE NE KENLE KO BIALA

19 Brothers and sisters, if you spend time with your children every morning and afternoon, you’ll have a positive effect on them. If your children spend time with you every morning and afternoon, because they do so every day, you’ll have a positive effect on them. For example, if you have a small child who needs a lot of water every day, you’ll need to spend a little time with him every morning and afternoon. —Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: “It is not by food that a man will live, but by every word that comes out of the Lord.” (Matt. 4:4) Just as we eat our meal every day, we need to study God’s Word every day because it is our life.

17-18. (a) Why is it good for us to spend some time preparing ourselves for the end of the world? (b) What do we want to do forever? (See illustrations.)

19. Why is it important for children to be in the sun every day? Give an example. (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20. Why should we study God’s Word every day?

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

■ Why should we do the same thing every day?

■ How can we have a relaxing time in our own home?

■ What lesson do you learn from this story that encourages you to keep up the good work in the latter days?

STORY 94 Respect God’s Word

Let Us Get Out of the Deadly Adversity

When you and Jehovah’s Witnesses visited the city of Babylon, what made you want to learn more about the “right way,” or the best way to serve God? (Eph. 4:4-6) Did the love among Jehovah’s people influence your behaviour? Or did the good qualities that inspire him inspire you? The reason many people are drawn to the truth is not our self-esteem or our understanding of the truth, because love and good qualities are not the things that distinguish true Christians.—John 13:35; 1 Peter 2:12.

But what if a member of the church does something that is against love? Or does a member of the church commit a great sin, such as the man in the Corinthian church who Paul called himself a “slanderer”? (1 Cor. 5:1) If our faith is influenced by other people’s actions and comments, it would not be a good one. Is there a “slanderer” who can make your faith work?

ANY DEVIL YOU KNOW

If you don’t have confidence in the truth of what you learn from the Bible, your faith will be challenged. How does this affect you? Let’s take a look at one example.

After Jesus’ disciples took the meal, they left the place. What did that mean? Jesus’ message was clear to them; they had to eat his flesh and drink his blood. They replied, “This is our portion.” Jesus’ words hurt them so much that they resolved not to eat it again.—John 6:56-60, 66.

Then Jesus asked his apostles: “And they, do they want to go?” Peter replied: “Sir, where do we go? You are the word of eternal life, and we know that you are the One who came from God.”—John 6:67-69.

What made Peter and the other apostles so different from the others? Their faith was based on what they saw, not on how they felt. Peter said, “We have seen and know that you are the Christ, the Son of God.” These disciples were convinced by the things they saw and heard. Because of their denial of Jesus’ words and actions during the Sabbath, they were completely convinced that Jesus was not the Messiah. There was a great upheaval when the message of Jesus became widely known.

What do we learn from this story? What we do has more power over ourselves than what we feel. Why do we say that? The Bible’s revelation of God’s name, purpose for mankind, and His redemption is not to be ignored.

30 EZINZALƐ ARANE

Those who don’t believe in the Bible may feel the same way, but they don’t believe in the truth of the Bible. If we believe that the Bible is true and that Jehovah’s Organization supports that truth, we won’t let others influence our beliefs.

We are encouraged by the love that our brothers and sisters show us, and we are encouraged by their good qualities. But when we see some of our brothers and sisters behave in a way that we don’t like, our confidence in the truth of what we learn from the Bible is undermined, and we are encouraged to continue to worship God despite the actions of a small number of our brothers and sisters.

If we plan to study the Bible regularly, it will increase our confidence in the truth of what we learn from God’s Word. That confidence will help us to always seek out the best ways to serve God, and it will help our faith to stand against the influence of other people’s actions or words.—Ezekiel 16:8; see “Praying with Faith.”

If our faith depends on the actions and words of others, it will not be a good one.

Ko Zo Dua Adenle Kpalɛ Ne Azo

Tell him to wait for the bird to return to a nice place in the forest. If the bird goes away, you're a good man because you've got something to go for.

But when they are on the way, there are things that make them angry, whether it be the two arms of the angels in heaven, or the wind of the sea that holds the angels. But all these things are angels, and the angels do not know what they have to do, but what they have to do on the way.

In the same way, we are all on our way to the new world of God, and we are concerned about the organization we are part of. But at some point, we may be afraid that a decision will hurt us, or that a member of our church will be a great sin that we have committed. But God has the power to bring us into a good organization. We have the organization that will bring us to the new world of God. If we believe that what we learn from the Bible is true, and that God’s organization teaches us those truths, we will be able to follow the right path, and our faith will grow.

THE FOUR FACTS ABOUT YHWH'S WORSHIP

October 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 11 NZEMA

OUR MAGAZINE HERE YOU ARE

1926—A Year After the Earthquake | 2

December 7-13 Readings | 6th Sunday in Ordinary Time

December 14-20 Study Topics | 12 Things You Should Do Before You Go to the Church

Study Topics for December 21-27 | 18 We Are What We Can Be

December 28–January 3 Study Materials | 24 Studying the Bible with Faith

Let Us Get Out of the Deadly Adversity | 30

This booklet is a donation to the Worldwide Bible Study Foundation, a charitable organization that helps people who are struggling financially. If you would like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

For a more detailed description of the Scripture, see Scripture Conversation—The Truth of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

ANNWUBIELWA

Jehovah Will Give Us His Helpful Hands

Emma, a woman who worked in a hotel for three days a week and had to drive to and from work every day, asked her manager to allow her to go to the conference every day of the week. But the manager refused, saying that she would have to work nine days a week at that time, and that if she didn’t get a new job, she would quit her job. Emma decided to quit her job and go to the conference, and she trusted that God would do it for her.

When Emma went to the hotel to tell the manager that she was leaving her job, the man in charge of all the employees was there. When she told the manager that she was leaving her job, he told Emma that he wouldn’t do it. But two days later, they came back to Emma. One day, he called the man in charge of all the employees and told her that he was leaving her job. The manager was angry at Emma for not doing what he had said and went back to Emma. He told Emma to go to work and he told her when she would come to work. She would work six days a week and travel to work every day. She was better off than the boy and had more time to devote to spiritual things. God helped her learn to work in the way she used to.

Visit the jw.org website or click on this icon.

JW.ORG

w26.10-NZ