AUGUST 2026

THE WORSHIP OF GOD IN THE WORSHIP OF THE WORSHIP OF GOD

ANNOUNCEMENT DATE: OCTOBER 5–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

Don’t Believe Satan’s Delusions—Turn to Jehovah and Jesus

CHAPTER 55 Don’t Be Afraid!

In this article, we will identify what Satan is doing in order to deceive us when we are not loyal to Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

“Stand up to the Lord, and he will be with you.”—JACK 4:7.

When we pledge ourselves to worship Jehovah alone, Satan and his demons try to irritate us. They want us to stop worshiping him. But Satan knows that the more he helps us, the less he will succeed in his attempts. So he does everything in his power to make us turn away from Jehovah so that he will not help us when he can. One way he does this is by trying to make us think that God and his Son Jesus do not care about us.—2 Cor. 11:14; James 1:6.

² When the devil is in power, it is necessary for the devil’s servants to be obedient to their devils. Otherwise, they will act according to their own desires, and this may lead to their being consumed by the devil. They may even take their lives. We too are dealing with ‘evil spirits.’ (Eph. 6:12) Our devils are Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. Satan believes that if we do not fully obey them, we will lose our faith in them. Therefore, he uses various methods to deceive us to obey them. In this article, we will examine how he used this method in the past and how he uses it today. So let us see what we can do so that we do not fall prey to his evil schemes. In the following article, we will look at two other ways in which Satan tries to deceive us in the spiritual war* in which we are engaged.

* Not all of our troubles come from Satan, but he is behind the “spirit of the world,” which inspires people to harm God’s people. So when we are in difficult situations or are being threatened, we should know that Satan is working with us.—1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

1. How can Satan induce us to abandon the worship of Jehovah?

2. Why is it important to turn to Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

2

Satan and his enemies threaten God and Jesus

3 Since the Garden of Eden, Satan has been trying to mislead Adam and Eve to turn away from Jehovah. Satan has tempted Eve to believe that the Creator does not care for them. Satan asks Eve: “Did God ever say that you should not eat any of the insects of all the trees of the heavens?” (Genesis 3:1-5) Satan wants Eve to believe that Jehovah is concerned about them. This statement is not new. Unfortunately, Eve accepted Satan’s trick and Adam joined him. They are with Jehovah, even though he created them with life and all things before.—Genesis 3:6.

4 After Adam and Eve met Jehovah, Satan continued to speak evil of him. For example, he spoke to Job’s three friends in such a way as to make Job think that God did not love him and that his loyalty was not important to him. (Job 22:1-3) Satan was very angry with Job. He thought that Job would turn to God for help in his troubles and seek his favor. Despite Satan’s anguish, Job continued to be loyal to Jehovah.—Job 27:1, 5.

5 Many centuries after Job came to earth, Satan tried to make people disbelieve in Jesus. One way he did this was to get the priests and other people who hated Jesus to speak evil of him. And eventually, they went away like fools. —Read Matthew 24:14, 15.

11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus’ death, Satan decided that if his followers stopped preaching about Jesus, he would be pleased. Instead, he tried to convince people that God had not raised Jesus from the dead, so he created the confusion that Jesus’ disciples had gone down to his grave. (Matt. 28:11-15) To this end, Satan made Jesus’ disciples so afraid that they would stop doing the work Jesus had entrusted to them.—Acts 7:57-8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

7 Although some Christians were dismayed, the majority of them were encouraged and continued to preach. They realized that it was Satan and his demons who were rebelling against them. (Deut. 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) What about today? How does Satan try to persuade us to abandon our worship of Jehovah?

Satan and the devils are trying to destroy God and Jesus

8 However, one of Satan’s most powerful weapons is to deceive people about the truth about Jehovah and Jesus. Because he is “a deceiver,” he encourages the sect to spread falsehoods about Jehovah and Jesus. (John 8:44) For example, he makes it difficult for people to know exactly who both Jehovah and the Father are. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some sect leaders teach that the Father is the Son. This leads people to worship the Son rather than the Father, and they do not even worship the Father’s name. But neither Jehovah nor Jesus are false.

3. What did Satan do that prevented Jacob from obeying Jehovah?

4. What tricks did Satan try to put into Job’s mind?

5. What did Satan do to prevent people from following Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. What did Satan do to discourage Jesus’ followers from preaching?

8. How does Satan use cults to spread falsehood about Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST 2026 3

Satan’s world wants us to believe that God’s commandments are ineffective (See note 11)

(Matt. 4:10; Jn. 4:23) When these falsehoods become commonplace, it becomes difficult for us to discern the truth, and some of them may even be detrimental to our ministry.

9 If we want to be friends with someone, we need to know his name. That’s why we need to know God’s name if we want to be friends with him. The Bible says that if we know God’s name and live by it, he will love us. (Luke 18:10) But Satan does not want people to know that Jehovah is his friend. Therefore, since ancient times, it has been Satan’s job to prevent people from using God’s name or even allowing others to use it. —Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27. For example, many Bible translations do not include God’s name in their translations. Therefore, it is important for many people to understand that God wants them to be his friends. (James 4:8) Satan also tries to persuade Jehovah’s servants to stop worshiping him.

10 When we are in trouble,

9. What does Satan do to deceive Jehovah? —Jeremiah 23:26, 27.

10. What can make a Christian trust Jehovah?

APPENDIX 4

Satan wants us to believe that God has nothing to do with us. He wants us to rely on God when things go wrong. (Luc. 19:3) And if we do, we will think: ‘If God doesn’t help me, why should I continue to violate his laws and regulations? There’s no excuse for me to do that!’ This thought can lead us to oppose God, which is exactly what Satan is doing.

11 Satan uses the Internet to deceive us into believing that doing what God wants us to do won’t help us. For example, people on the Internet claim that the Bible’s instructions on how to live a good life are false, and that everybody can do what he or she thinks is right. It seems that “the ruler of the world” has taken over these claims, and many people have lost the distinction between good and evil.—John 14:30; Isaiah 5:20; 1 Timothy 4:1, 2.

12 If we follow the Satanic world’s ideas about good and evil, we may think that what Jehovah tells us is not true. Shannon*, a sister in the congregation, says: “It took me some time before I realized that the things that people were saying about us at school, about our lives, and about people with whom we were not in touch, were changing my mind. I spent a lot of time on the Internet watching what people were saying about me, and I was tempted to do things like that. In life, I wasn’t happy with the things that people were saying about me.

* Change name.

11. What means does Satan use to lead people away from Jehovah’s commandments? (See also the picture.)

12. Why should we keep away from Satan’s wickedness?

I don’t have time to worship Jehovah, and I don’t have time to be with my brothers and sisters.” However, Shannon later made a change in her life and stopped Satan’s temptations, which helped her to have a better relationship with Jehovah. What helped her?

13 Shannon realized that she needed to try to make changes in her life so that she could have a good relationship with Jehovah and Jesus. She said: “I prayed to Jehovah to help me to make good friends and learn from our books. Also, a video on jw.org (Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends? or Les jeunes s’interrogent... Comment se faire de vrais amis) was very helpful for me.”* The things a young sister learned in the video resonated with me. I learned a lot from my husbands, so I followed their example and asked my parents to help me. My brothers, my younger brothers, and the younger sisters in the congregation helped me to stop these bad habits. I learned that it wasn’t just about attending meetings or talking to my parents, but also about having a close relationship with Jehovah and following the Word.”

HOW THE LORD SPEAKED TO JESUS ON THE SEA

14 If we want to have a good relationship with Jehovah, we must make friends

* To find out more about how to help teens get closer to Jehovah, visit the Children and Teens section of jw.org and the Questions Young People Ask section. In the JW Library® app, go to Questions Young People Ask, then go to the “Teenagers Ask” section, and then read the Question Young People Ask.

13. What did you learn from the story of Shannon?

14. What can we do to prevent Satan’s evil thoughts from disturbing our faith? (See also the picture.)

AUGUST 2026 5

As we try to do things that will improve our relationship with God, we will resist Satan’s temptations.

(See note 14)

(James 4:4) We also need to be careful not to take for granted what the world says on the Internet and on social media. For example, we may get information that is inaccurate or false. But if we study the Bible and our books and talk to fellow Christians who are growing in faith, we will be less likely to be led astray. If we understand the truth we learn from the Bible properly, we will be able to recognize Satan’s tricks and prevent him from disturbing our faith.—Luke 13:20; Deuteronomium 17:11.

15 When we study the Bible and get to know Jehovah and Jesus better, we can be sure that they are truly with us. (Luke 22:19) When we reflect on the ways in which Jehovah and Jesus treated the faithful whose stories are recorded in the Bible, we can be more inspired to do the same. There are many biblical examples of how Jehovah and Jesus love us. For example, Jehovah said that he loved his servants more than he loved his own sons. (Isaiah 49:15) He also said that those whom he loved were his “most precious possession.” —Mal. 3:16, 17, 18.

15. What can we do to increase our confidence that Jehovah and Jesus are with us?

APPENDIX 6

The Bible teaches us how much Jesus loves us. Jesus himself said he loved us so much that he gave his life for us.—John 15:12, 13.

16 When we remember how Jehovah and Jesus have helped us through this time, we can be sure that they love us very much. For example, when God answered your prayer or strengthened you in a difficult situation, remembering these things will strengthen your faith that God will continue to help you. You can ask your brothers and sisters to tell you how God wants them to help you. (Luke 22:17) This will give you the assurance that whatever happens, Jehovah and Jesus will never abandon you. —Read Psalm 118:5, 6.

17 We all desire to be friends of God and of Jesus in this world. But Satan-

(Revelation 20:1-3, 10) To resist Satan’s temptations, you need to have a close relationship with God and make sure that he and his Son care about you. Then, as Jesus said, “no one can receive you from the Father who is in heaven.” —Read John 10:29; James 4:7.

18 In the following chapter, we will look at two other ways in which Satan is working against us, namely, how he tries to influence the members of the church and how he causes people to dislike us. How can we deal with each of these ways? We will see.

16. Why should you pay attention to how Jehovah has helped you and your brothers and sisters? —Psalm 118:5, 6.

17. In the light of John 10:29, what promise did Jesus make to those who love him and his Father?

18. What will we study in the following chapter?

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ How did Satan misrepresent Jehovah and Jesus in ancient times?

■ How does Satan spread falsehood about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ How can you be sure that Jehovah and Jesus are with you?

CHAPTER 150 Ask God to Help You

OCTOBER 12-18, 2026

HADZIDZI 129 May Edzi Ado Dzi

This story helps us to realize that we must remember that it is Satan and demons that we are fighting, not our fellow Christians.

You Can Defeat Satan and His Evil Spirits!

“Let us fight, not with flesh and blood, but with... the powers of evil which are in the spirits.”—EPHESIANS 6:12.

(Isaiah 2:4; John 18:36) However, the Bible says that we all have to fight against Satan and his demons. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) How can we overcome these fierce enemies? The key is to rely on Jehovah to help us. In addition, we need to recognize the ways in which Satan and his demons try to harm us and our fellow Christians.

2 In the previous article, we discussed how Satan tries to deceive us to turn away from Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will discuss two other ways Satan tries to deceive us to turn away from Jehovah: First, he tries to disrupt our relationship with our brothers and sisters, and second, he tries to make us fearful of doing the work that Jehovah has entrusted to us.

SATANA DZEA AGBAGBA BE YEADE MAMA MY ME

3 Satan Seeks to Separate Us from Our Neighbors

(Ephesians 6:11, 12) 2. What will we study in this chapter? 3. How does Satan try to influence us?

8

Saul loved David and did not listen to the Lord, but Jonathan listened to the Lord and helped David (see chapters 4, 6)

In Satan’s world, most people do not love and reject one another. Satan wants us to learn from his example so that we may be resentful or even hateful toward our neighbors, and so that we may be disdainful of Jehovah’s organization.—Rom. 16:17.

4 Look at King Saul. He loved David, and the way David conducted himself in battle made him feel greatly encouraged. (1 Sam. 18:5) However, after some time, Saul became angry with David when he saw that many people loved his words. This made him angry with David and made him want to kill him. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) It was Satan himself who wanted to kill David. Why? It was because Jehovah had chosen David to be king over Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) Satan did not want this to happen. So he was delighted when he saw that Saul was determined to kill David, who was God’s chosen one.

(Ps. 133:1) He wants to disrupt our unity, so he wants us to be rude to our brothers and sisters, like Saul was rude to David. He knows that if we are rude to them, it will be easier for us to show love for them. (Mark 12:30, 31) But will our service please Jehovah if we are rude to our brothers and sisters? The apostle James warned us about the dangers of being rude. —Read James 3:14-16.

6 If we love our brethren, let us not deceive them, but let us love them.

4. Why did King Saul hate David? (See also picture.)

5. Why does Abraham want us to be kind to our fellow Christians? (James 3:14-16)

6. What do you learn from Jonathan’s example? (See also the picture.)

AUGUST 2026

9

Look at Saul’s son, Jonathan. He did not behave like his father Saul. He loved David, and he was convinced that the promise that Jehovah had made to him would come true. He said to David: “Set a king over Israel.” Jonathan himself was convinced that Jehovah wanted David to be king, and he supported him.—1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

7 Satan also uses another way to disrupt our unity. Because we come from different nations and faiths, and because we have different personalities and attitudes, Satan uses them to disrupt our unity. What can you do to prevent this from happening? Look away from problems and differences. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Do you show more love and compassion for your fellow Christians? Despite our differences, we are all as important as our lives are to each other. (1 Cor. 12:12) We and our fellow Christians are working together with these demons, Satan and his demons.—1 Peter 5:8, 9.

8 If a brother says something or does something that hurts you, remember that as you are not perfect, so he is not perfect either. There are two sides of the same coin, so as we work together, differences will gradually disappear. (Proverbs 7:20) If this happens, we must be kind to each other as Jehovah has advised us. And if someone does something to you, be kind to him. (Colossians 3:12-14)

So let us love our fellow Christians and have unity with them, because that is what Jehovah and Jesus want.—John 17:20, 21.

SATAN IS STRENGTHENING HIMSELF TO GET OVER US

(2 Tim. 3:12) The Apostle Paul warned us that he would destroy all true Christians. (2 Tim. 3:12) Indeed, destruction is doing bad things to others. When people look down on us, it is easy for us to become so overwhelmed by how we feel about ourselves that we lose focus on the most important task that God has entrusted to us, namely, the ministry of the Kingdom.—Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Look at Abraham’s son Isaac. He was so overwhelmed that the Philistines attacked him and took the sheep that Abraham’s servants kept. (Genesis 26:12-18) Isaac, his family, and his sheep were in dire need of horses, so he decided to go north and get some more sheep. But the Philistines came and said that they were there too. This could be a pain to Isaac. But Isaac wanted peace. He didn’t want to stay in the midst of the Philistines. So he went to another place, and the LORD helped him. (Genesis 26:19-25) If we have been wronged, can we, like Isaac, repent?

7. What can we do to prevent abuse from disrupting our unity? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. How should you react if a brother or sister says something or does something that hurts you?

9. What else does Satan use to discourage us?

10. When Isaac was wronged, how did he react?

APPENDIX 10

STOP

#WE WANT CHANGE

THE PEOPLE SERVE

WE WANT CHANGE

Will you continue to be loyal to Jehovah and his Kingdom? (See section 13.)

11 When Jesus, the Messiah, came to earth, many people did not take him seriously. For example, some of his relatives thought that his character was deteriorating. (Mark 3:21) The leaders of the synagogue often refused to preach. (Luke 11:15, 16) A close friend of his fell ill. (Matt. 26:14-16) The priests, in conjunction with the authorities, put him on trial. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) Despite this, Jesus continued to serve Jehovah. He never gave up. When they saw Jesus, the apostle Peter tried to beat him. This caused him to fall into a deep depression. (Luke 22:50, 51) In all of this, Jesus did not replace evil with evil, but instead spoke about the work that God had entrusted to him.

12 Like Jesus, we can deal with difficult situations. Satan may try to distract us from preaching the good news. Our relatives and other people may be angry with us or even hate us. But Jesus commands us to love even those who love us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) So we should not be angry with those who love us or do evil to them. Rather, we should follow Jesus’ example of showing love to all people, even to those who hate us.—1 Cor. 13:4.

13 Why should we disregard authorities when they impose restrictions on our ministry or otherwise make our lives difficult? It is what Jehovah wants us to do. (Rom. 13:13)

11. How did Jesus react when people did not treat him properly?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we deal with those who hate us?

13. Why should we ignore governments even when they are unfair to us? (See also the picture.)

AUGUST 2026 11

If we love our brothers and sisters in unity, we will be able to overcome Satan and the demons (See paragraph 16)

1, 2) Not all government decisions that affect us come directly from Satan. However, Satan’s plan is for us to turn our backs on the government or rely on it for our own benefit. This is what people do in the world when they do not obey government decisions. But it is not right for a Christian to do that! (Deut. 24:21, 22; Heb. 8:2, 3) When we become worldly, we do what Satan wants us to do, and we do not fully participate in God’s Kingdom.—John 15:19.

(1 Tim. 1:12, 13) Therefore, “when people revile you, defame you, and utter all kinds of evil words against you,” remember that they can repent. (Matt. 5:11) Pray that government officials will allow us to continue to serve Jehovah with sincerity. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Pray also for your friends, colleagues, and schoolmates who reject you. Ask Jehovah to help you learn how to react to them when they change their minds. And continue to repent! A woman who had been married to a Jew for many years before she accepted the truth said: “A lot of good things can come from giving up, and giving up more and more.”

15 Let’s not let ourselves be overwhelmed by all the evil things we see in the world today and what they are doing to us. (Heb. 1:15) But Jehovah can do it.

14. What should we be mindful of when it comes to people who do not trust us?

15. Why is it so hard to deal with the evils of this world?

APPENDIX 12

(Ps. 37:18) Soon, his Kingdom will restore everything that Satan and his followers have destroyed. (1 John 3:8; Revelation 21:5) But before that happens, we need to continue to repent and show love for all people. We need to dedicate our time and energy to helping more people become Jehovah’s friends.

LET'S GET RID OF SATAN'S WORSHIPS!

16 The Bible assures us that we can overcome Satan and his demons. (James 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) But before we can do that, we need to fully accept Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (Ephesians 6:16) Therefore, build on your faith, and let that faith help you to love your fellow Christians and be close to them.

16. What will help us overcome Satan and his demons? (See also the pictures.)

17 We must never allow Satan to use any of the methods he uses to interfere with our relationship with others or to get our hearts on his side. Jehovah and Jesus are willing to help us defeat Satan when we fight against him. We and our fellow Christians are all fighting against our greatest enemy, Satan. When some people turn away from us, we must follow Jesus’ advice to deal with them well.—Luke 6:27, 28. So continue to fight against Satan and demons and make sure that you are able to defeat them.

17. What should you decide to do?

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ What does Satan do to create a divide between us and our fellow Christians?

■ How does Satan try to distract us from preaching the Kingdom?

■ What makes you convinced that he can overcome Satan and the demons?

HADZIDZI 149

Avadzidudu Fe Ha

OCTOBER 19-25, 2026

ARTICLE 106 My Love for You

In this article, we will look at what we can learn from the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus that will help us promote peace in the church.

Have Your Love In Everything You Do

“For love’s sake, I will not leave you alone.”—PHILIP. 9.

(Isaiah 32:17, 18) While peace comes from Jehovah, it depends on each one of us to keep it. (Romans 12:18) How can we promote peace in the church? How can we do this when we do something wrong to a brother or sister? And how can we maintain peace when someone is in need of us? A story from the Bible helps us find answers to these questions. Let’s look at the apostle Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus.

“MEDI BE MAƔE KUKU NA WÒ”

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. In the letter that Paul wrote to Philemon, he encouraged him to gladly return to receive his friend Onesimus. Paul said that Philemon’s love for Christ and his fellow Christians made him do this. Remember this story. Philemon was a member of the Colossian church. All the brothers knew him for his love and for his strong faith. His friend Onesimus, who was not a Christian, was with him to Rome, and he would enforce his possessions. (Phil. 18.) While Onesimus was in Rome, he became a Christian and became close to Paul. (Col. 4:9) According to the Romans, the slave who was with his master had to return to him, so Paul and Onesimus went to Philemon. —Philippians 12:12, 13.

3 What did Philemon do to Onesimus? He might have been very angry with Onesimus. But did he do so? How would the members of the church react? Would this cause an uproar among the brothers who were his neighbors and those who were his servants? Paul looked at these things and realized that this could have happened.

1. What should each of us do?

2. Briefly review the story of Philemon and Onesimus. (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

3. What did Paul notice when he was bringing Onesimus to his master? (See also the picture below.)

14

(Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) At the same time, Paul also wrote a letter to the church in Colosse. In this article, we will look at what we can learn from Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus through Paul’s comments in these two letters.

WHAT YOU MUST KNOW ABOUT PAULO

4 What can we learn from Paul? The way he dealt with his brothers and sisters in the church led to peace in the church, and we can learn from him how to deal with others so that there is peace.

5 Paul treated Philemon with kindness. (Phil. 17) Paul didn’t think he could treat Philemon like any other shepherd. (2 Cor. 1:24) Instead, Paul treated Philemon as a servant and took note of the friendship between them. A good example is when Paul asked Philemon how to deal with Onesimus, who had become his brother in Christ! This is a good example for all of us, especially for shepherds. Shepherds who treat their brethren with kindness play an important role in maintaining peace among the brethren. These loving shepherds ‘do not eat any one’ of God’s herd. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) Instead, they were treated with respect, respected, and supported in times of need. The brothers and sisters who were married to Paul and treated the brothers and sisters with kindness set a good example, and this led to peace in the church.

6 Paul called Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5, 7) Mí

We all need respect. Why? Many of our brothers and sisters may feel that they are not being appreciated. Because they feel that they are alone or lonely, and that they are not being loved. Some brothers and sisters also feel that they have been given an opportunity that they value. The reason for this is that they feel self-centered. But these feelings can make you nervous or angry. You may also feel that others are looking down on you and try to prove that you are superior to others. These situations can disrupt the peace between us and our brothers and sisters. But if we show love for each other, we’ll reduce those feelings. (Luc. 12:25) We can make others feel that we are loved and appreciated. Do you want to make them feel that way? Take every opportunity to show them that you care about them. Respect them, not just for a good thing they’ve done, but also for their hard work. Just tell them if you notice something good about them.

7 Paul said good things about Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) Did Paul’s good words about Onesimus change Filemon’s perception of Onesimus? Did it influence how he treated him? And did it influence his love for him? Paul’s words influenced Filemon every day! In the same way, what we say about our brothers and sisters can influence how people perceive and treat them. If we treat our brothers and sisters well, they will treat us well. But if we treat them badly, they will treat us badly.

4-5. What do the pastors do to help him bring peace to the church?

6. Why is it important for us to be close to one another?

7. Why should we think carefully before we say anything about our brothers and sisters? (Philemon 10-12)

AUGUST 2026 15

Like Paul, have a good opinion of your fellow Christians and speak well of them (See paragraph 8)

In order to be able to say good things about others, we need to have a good opinion of them. What can we learn from Paul’s example?

(1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Even though Paul knew the brothers, he tried to recognize their good qualities, and he gave thanks to God for them. If you find it difficult to speak well of your brothers, remember this important lesson: If you are determined to have a good attitude toward them and to care for them because you know that God has taken care of them, it will be easier for you to speak well of them.

9 Even though Paul was in a difficult situation, he treated Philemon well. Have you ever experienced anxiety or anxiety that made you unable to deal with someone properly? Often, when we are in a difficult situation, it is easy to leave ourselves to others. Consider the situation of Paul at the time he wrote to Philemon. A few months before this, a crowd attacked Paul and harassed him so much that he was put in prison. He was imprisoned in Jerusalem and Caesarea for some time. When he was taken to Rome, he was first taken to the prison where they were held. And now that Paul is writing to Philemon, he is still the most influential landlord in Rome. (Phil. 1) But did Paul take the circumstances into account when he wrote his letter to Philemon? Yes. Paul took the circumstances into consideration when he wrote his letter to Philemon. What does that mean for us? If we are willing to be kind to others even when we are in trouble, in trouble, or in a difficult situation, we are willing to work hard for peace in the church. And that peace will help us to survive.

8. What can help us to have a good opinion of our neighbors and to speak well of them? (See also the pictures.)

9. What is remarkable about Paul’s letter to Philemon, and why?

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT ONESIMITY

10 For we all do or say things against our brethren from time to time.

10. What did Onesimus do to bring peace between him and Philemon, and why was his deed remarkable?

Appendix 16

He gave us a good example of how we can make peace when it happens. He did something that was easy, but not easy to do. Onesimus decided that he loved Philemon and wanted to return to make peace with him. Onesimus knew that the Roman court ordered him to return to his master. So he traveled more than 1,400 kilometers (approximately a day’s journey) to return to his master. It was not easy for him to take a long time to return to his master. He also had to be willing to come to the church, and if he was rejected, he had to be willing to accept it. This was not easy for him. Does he think that he is obedient to his master? And if he thinks so, it does not prevent him from returning, because he wants to be in peace with him.

11 If you are angry with someone, try to make peace with him. (Matt. 5:23-25) This may not be easy, but it is very effective because it helps you make peace with the person you are angry with. Be sure to let go of your anger. Give the person you are angry with the opportunity to express his or her feelings and understand him or her. Give in to your anger. Don’t blame yourself or blame the person you are angry with. Do not make it look like you’re giving up on your anger, because that could lead to more anger, or even worsen it. Reconciliation requires humility, so be gentle, because reconciliation is the best way to make peace.—Rom. 14:19.

WHAT DID HE DO WHEN HE SENT PHILEMON HOME?

12 Philemon’s example helps us to understand how to make peace when someone is in need of us. Did Philemon accept Onesimus as a friend? This is not mentioned in this short story, but Paul assures us that he would do so. (Phil. 17, 21) Paul noted the qualities of Philemon that made it easier for him to accept Onesimus as a friend. What were these qualities?

13 Philemon loved his brothers and sisters very much. (Philemon 5) Philemon means “loving one another.” He lived a life worthy of that name. His brothers and sisters knew that he loved them very much. This helped him to love them.

11. When we are angry with someone, what can we do to make peace? (See also the pictures.)

12. Why did Paul insist that Philemon should marry Onesimus?

13. Why is love so important for us to be faithful? (Colossians 3:14)

Like Onesimus, do all you can for yourself so that you may have peace with the brothers (see paragraph 11)

Like Philemon, love your fellow Christians and use it to promote unity in the church (See paragraph 15)

In his letter to Philemon’s church in Colosse, Paul described love as the “greatest cloud of liberty.” (Read Colossians 3:14.) In this sense, there is nothing that can replace peace and unity. The more we love others, the easier it is for us to love them and treat them well. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Let’s look at another characteristic that helped Philemon love his brothers and sisters.

14 Another thing that made it easier for Philemon to love others was his love of adultery. He loved to have the congregation gather at his house. (Phil. 2) Paul obviously knew that Philemon loved adultery, so he asked him to prepare a table for him. (Phil. 22) Not surprisingly, Philemon’s love of adultery made the brothers feel more comfortable when they were with him.—Phil. 7.

15 If we follow the example of Philemon and show kindness to our brothers and sisters, it will be easier for us to love them. Why? Because kindness leads us to love our brothers and sisters more deeply. If we show kindness to brothers and sisters who are not our close friends, or whose personality is different from ours, we will recognize that each of our brothers and sisters is unique and a part of Jehovah’s organization. If we learn about the family or neighborhood where our brothers and sisters live, how they have dealt with the truth, and how they have stood up to difficult circumstances, we will love them more and pay more attention to them. (John 6:44) Therefore, when we treat our brothers and sisters with kindness, we must show them great love, have a good heart for them, and be gracious to them when they need us.

16 How hard is it for you now to give away someone who is dear to you? How much we may not love our brothers, it may sometimes be easy for us to give them away. What can help us? Consider the words that Paul wrote to the church in which Philemon was in Colossae, according to Colossians 3:13. (Read it.) Consider that Philemon was present in the church in his own house,

14. How do we know that Philemon loved adultery?

15. How does dating help us to love each other more? (See also the pictures.)

16. How did Philemon respond to Paul’s advice in Colossians 3:13?

Annex 18

When the letter is being read to the whole church. Does someone’s child come to his mind? Does what Onesimus has done still matter to him? If so, then this letter points out what he should do: He must continue to live with Onesimus and love him. How does the advice that Paul gives in his letter apply to us when it is hard for us to live with him?

17 What does Paul’s saying “continue to be kind to one another” mean? It means that we should look to our fellow Christians as examples of how to treat them well, even when they feel badly about us. In this chapter, Paul uses Jehovah’s love and dedication as an example for us. Jehovah understands his servants and does not disregard them. He knows our shortcomings, but he also cares about our good qualities. (Ps. 103:13, 14; 130:3) Therefore, he takes pity on us and shows us his infinite love. (1 Cor. 3:22, 23) If we treat our brothers and sisters in the way Jehovah describes them, it will be easier for us to sympathize with them and take care of them. We may feel the same way when others take care of us because of our shortcomings. Let’s follow his example: If you remember how a piece of wood that you put in your house has been helpful to you, you will continue to go to it even in times of need. Similarly, if we remember the good qualities of our brothers and sisters, it will encourage us to treat them well even when they are in need of us, and to take care of them.

18 Jehovah appreciates everything you do to promote peace in your church. Take every opportunity to work daily to promote peace. Make your words grow and continue to speak well of others. Let go of your grievances. If you and someone else are not in good terms, be prepared to get back together. Love your fellow Christians deeply; this will make it easier to come to terms with them. If you do these things, you will promote peace in your church. The Bible says that “people will dwell on the earth, and they will rejoice in the good of peace” forever! You will be among them too.—Ps. 37:11.

18. What are you determined to do?

What is written in the Epistle to the Galatians: Philemon reads the letter that Paul wrote to him, and Onesimus and Tychicus and others in the house hear it.

17. What does it mean to ‘continue to live in harmony with one another’?

WHAT DOES THIS SAY ABOUT PEOPLE?

■ Apostle Paul

Onesimo

■ Philemon

CHAPTER 154 A Love That Takes Time

OCTOBER 26–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

HADZIDZI 62

Ha-Yei-La

TAŊODZINUA

This story will help us to appreciate the arrangement of liberty that God has made for us and the opportunity we have been given to do his holy service.

Appreciate Your Opportunity to Serve Jehovah

“He has opened the fire of salvation for us, so that we may be able to worship him in fear.”—LUKE 1:69, 74.

“WHAT WILL THIS CHILD BE?” (Luke 1:57-66) This was the question that the Africans and their relatives were wondering when the young nobleman Zacharias and his young wife Elizabeth, who was dying, surprisedly asked John. Jehovah answered Zacharias’ question, allowing him to help people convert and rejoice in the coming Messiah. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But Zacharias did not only predict what John would do.* As we will see in this story, Zacharias’ words are prophecy, and they still apply to us today. Zechariah’s words point to three things that we need to focus on: (1) God’s presence in deliverance, (2) the opportunity we are given to worship God, and (3) the special mission we are given to preach.

GOD'S SON WHO IS THE LEADER OF THE WORLD

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God promised his people a reward, but who would do it? Zechariah said, “Jehovah has given us a reward in David.”

* See the drama of The New Testament of Jesus, Chapter 1, which relates to the prophecy of Zechariah and is linked to Luke 1:67.

1. Why was the prophecy of Zechariah fulfilled?

2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what promise did God make to his people? (b) Who is the “destroyer” mentioned in Luke 1:69?

20

(Luke 1:69) The Messiah was a “promised one.” The Jews in Zacharias’ time were already waiting for the promised Messiah, and they knew that he would be a descendant of Abraham and a descendant of David. (Genesis 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Why did Jehovah tell Zacharias about the birth of the “promised one”? The birth of the Messiah was certain! Some time later, a virgin named Mary bore Jesus, whom the angel Gabriel had told would be called “the Son of God,” and would reign on “the throne of David his father.” (Luke 1:30-35) Jesus was baptized when he was 30 years old. At the same time, God sent the holy spirit he had promised to make the Messiah, the “destroyer of impurity.” (Matt. 3:16, 17) This was a remarkable event!

3 The Jews of the first century needed to be separated. But from what was it necessary to separate them? Zacharias replied: ‘He will separate us from our fellow men and from all those who are against us.’ (Luke 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus was freeing the Jews from the Roman rule over them? Yes, rather, he was freeing them from Satan, the greatest oppressor. (Heb. 2:14, 15) It was Satan who caused all mankind to fall into sin and death, including the ancient Jews. In addition, the Jews were not able to keep the Law of Moses exactly. This caused them to fall into sin, from which they needed to be separated. (Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13) Therefore, the Jews were in need of what Jehovah had promised through Zechariah, namely, “reception, which [they] will receive] through the forgiveness of their sins.”—Luke 1:77.

3. Why was it necessary to remove the Jews who lived in the first century?

4 What sins do we need to be freed from today? Like the Jews in Jesus’ time, we are subject to sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) Also, Satan and his demons are trying to persuade us to turn away from worshiping Jehovah. They are influencing those who are “infringing upon us,” both individuals and organizations, to turn away from our worship. We need to be freed from all these sins.

5 How does Jesus save us from these sins? Let’s discuss how he saves us from these sins. First, he does it through his teachings. In Jesus’ earthly ministry, he taught his followers how to worship Jehovah and be pleased with him. Second, he gave his life as a sacrifice, so that “everyone who believes in him may not perish but have eternal life.” (John 3:16; Matthew 20:28) We try to serve Jehovah in the best possible way as Jesus commands us. But we are not perfect, so we ask Jehovah to forgive us when we sin. 2:1, 2) This is how Jesus delivered us from sin.

⁶ But how did Jesus free us completely from sin and death, from Satan and his demons, and from those “who deceive us”? Since 1914, Jesus has been sitting on “the throne of our father David.” (Luke 1:32, 33) He is the King of God’s Kingdom and God’s Son.

4. From which sins do we need to be delivered today?

5. How does Jesus save us from sin?

6. What will Jesus do as King? (See also the picture.)

AUGUST 2026 | 21

Jehovah’s promise of deliverance through Jesus Christ (See note 6)

(John 5:28; Revelation 22:1, 2) After a thousand years, sin and death will be forgotten forever. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) That is, in the Great Tribulation, Satan, his demons, and mankind will be destroyed forever. (Revelation 21:3, 4; 22:1-3; 24:15; 28:19, 20; 28:19, 20; 29:1, 2; 29:20; 29:21; 29:30; 29:31; 29:32; 29:33; 29:34; 29:35; 29:36; 29:37; 29:38; 29:39; 29:40; 29:41; 29:42; 29:43; 29:44; 29:45; 29:46; 29:47; 29:48; 29:49; 29:50; 29:51; 29:52; 29:53; 29:54; 29:55; 29:56; 29:56; 29:57; 29:58; 29:59; 29:60; 29:61; 29:62; 29:6 20:7-10) As a result, the faithful will be able to serve Jehovah entirely, without sin, death, or opposition! We will then be able to worship our God forever and be grateful for “his great testimony.” Part of that testimony is how he will bring us to Christ Jesus.—2 Cor. 9:15.

THE WORDS THAT SAY THAT WE SHOULD SUBSCRIBE TO GOD

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Zechariah said that Jehovah’s presence in the flesh is “an opportunity for us to perform holy service in the fear of God.” Our “holy service” includes every aspect of our holy achievement. We perform holy service to Jehovah by preaching, praying, studying his Word, and attending meetings, conferences, and large gatherings. Holy service includes other things we do for Jehovah, such as service at Bethel, maintaining and caring for the Temple Halls and Tents.

8 But what does it mean to do the holy service to Jehovah “without fear”?

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what opportunity does Jehovah offer his people?

8. What should we not be afraid of?

APPENDIX 22

Also, we do not have to fear death. Because we know that we will live forever, we put our worship of Jehovah first, rather than worrying about getting everything we want in this short life. Even if rebels try to take us, we should not be afraid. Rather, we should continue to trust Jehovah because we know that even if we die, Jesus will raise us up. (John 6:39, 40) Second, we do not have to fear that God lives us because we are sinners. We must be confident that he loves us, that we can rely on him, and that he will make a sacrifice to take away our sins.—1 John 4:9, 10.

⁹ It may be difficult for some brothers and sisters to believe that their service is appreciated by Jehovah. They may feel that they are not pleasing to Jehovah, perhaps because of something unpleasant that has happened to them. Or they may feel guilty for sins they have committed for a long time, even asking for Jehovah’s dedication and the help of their brothers and sisters. If you feel that way, what can you do?

¹⁰ Consider this example. A man has a fractured knee, and a doctor visits him. Then the doctor prescribes medicines to strengthen the knee and he can walk again. But what if the man feels that his knee is so damaged that it cannot be repaired? He needs to go to the doctor and use the medicines he has. Vivivia, the knee can be repaired, and he can walk again or even go to the hospital.

¹¹ Some people still feel guilty about their past sins. But just as someone who has been crucified should feel guilty about their past sins, you should feel guilty about your past sins. (John 1:16, 17; Romans 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Do things that make you feel guilty, such as prayer, meditation, and other spiritual desires. (Psalm 1:2; 1 Thessalonians 5:17; Hebrews 10:25) Just as it takes time to be crucified, it may take time for you to feel guilty about your past sins. But even if you feel guilty, you should continue to be guilty. (Philippians 3:16) And thank him every day for how he empowers you to serve him faithfully. We thank God and Christ for the opportunity we have been given to do the holy service in godliness!

DƆ VEVI SI WODE MÍA SI BE MÍAÐE GBEFÃ

¹² Read Luke 1:76-79. Then Zechariah said to the child, “Go before the Lord and prepare the way for him.” How did this happen? After John died, he became a preacher. He preached to the Jews to repent, to be baptized, and to accept the Messiah who was to come. When John had preached to Jesus, he proclaimed that Jesus was from God, saying, “Behold, the Messiah of God, who takes away the sins of the world!” After this, John urged his disciples:

9. How do some brothers feel about themselves, and why?

10-11. If the sins you have committed are still hurting you, what should you do? Give an example.

12. How did John prepare for the way of God? (Luke 1:76-79)

AUGUST 2026 23

If we accept God’s presence and appreciate the opportunity given to us, we will do the important work given to us with diligence.

(See note 16)

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

Jesus, the Messiah of the world.—John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John preached to many people that Jesus was the Messiah, the one through whom God would bring salvation to mankind. The good news is a message that should be heard by all people. Why? Zechariah foretold that the coming Messiah would be a “triumph,” meaning that his coming would be a great event that would bring great changes to all people! This makes it clear that the good news needed to reach the whole world; John alone could not do it. But who would receive this important message of the gospel?

14 Jesus did not spread the good news far away, as Zacharias predicted when he said that he would “give food to those who were sick and hungry.” Indeed, Jesus’ anger turned against those who were sick and hungry. He was very angry when he gave food to those who were sick and hungry. (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21.) He proclaimed, “The kingdom of heaven is near.” However, he knew that many people needed to receive the good news, so he urged his disciples to do so.—Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 However, as followers of Christ, we appreciate the opportunity we have to preach the gospel of Jehovah’s return. In fact, preaching about Jesus’ death and God’s Kingdom is more important now than ever before. Why? Because of what is about to happen. The Bible says that “so great a tribulation as has not been seen from the beginning of the world until now” will soon befall mankind. (Matt. 24:21) At that time, “mankind will be overwhelmed with fear, and they will cry out with a loud voice, saying, ‘Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy

13. What does Zechariah’s prophecy that the Messiah’s predecessor would be a “successful one” mean?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is preaching important today?

Appendix 24

Jesus and his rulers and servants will come with the unbelieving people and lead the true servants to the new world. (Matt. 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) Therefore, it is important that we continue to preach the good news now.—Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:10.

16 Zechariah’s words in Luke 1:68-79 remind us of three things that are important to us: God’s presence in the form of liberty, the opportunity we have to perform holy service in godliness, and the special task of preaching the good news. Do you accept God’s presence in the form of liberty and devote yourself to him? Do you appreciate the opportunity you have to worship him? If so, continue to preach the “new place of Jehovah.” Do you preach Jehovah’s “warning” about the time when God will destroy the wicked and make the earth a paradise? Ask all those who love God to join us in ‘serving him in reverence, in humility, and in righteousness all the days of our lives.’—Luke 1:74, 75.

16. What are you determined to do? (See also the pictures.)

October 24: In the first picture, two sisters are preaching from house to house. In the second picture, a brother is preaching to his colleagues in the office. In the third picture, a sister is giving evidence of the work of a Creator to her classmates and colleagues, and they are in close proximity.

IN THE LOVE STORY IN LUKE 1:68-79,...

■ What Value Does Jehovah Give Us?

■ What opportunity does Jesus’ blood offer us?

■ What important task was given to us?

CHAPTER 159 Jehovah’s Wonderful Way of Living

AGBEMEŊUTINYA

Why Should We Be Afraid of Him?

ABE ALE AND STÉPHANE LANDEROIN GBLƆE ENE

When I was a child, I wasn't interested in school, and I didn't try to do my schoolwork. I was afraid that I would be alone and that people's attention would be drawn to me. I didn't even think that God's attention would be drawn to me. Why?

Paris, France, was dark. Some of my friends and colleagues were atheists, so I wasn’t. We were taught in school that there was no Creator, but that some elements evolved into the organisms we know today. I accepted this doctrine because I believed that everything we were taught in school was true. I felt like I was part of the doctrine, so I didn’t care if I thought it was right or wrong.

My parents don't believe in religion, because they think that if God exists, then there shouldn't be sorrow and misery in the world. And since I've seen the evils that some people do, I don't think there is any reason to believe that God exists. I don't even believe in those who believe in God.

But now I am convinced that there is a Creator, and that He has given me what I need, even though I am in trouble. And I will tell you why I have changed my mind and why I am not happy now.

When I was 19 years old, I was asked by the government to take part in an expedition to French Guiana in North America, where I spent a year. At that time, I did not know that this place would become a major part of my life.

When I was 20 years old, I returned to Paris. From Sunday to Friday, I worked hard. But on weekends, I and my friends went to the park and played a lot. That was all I did week after week. But I realized that I was not really happy, and there was no meaning in this life-

She lives in Paris, France, and our family is not Christian.

26 GΒΕΤΑCΡΥΧΟ

I saw that there was a great deal of violence and misconduct and that people were not treating foreigners well. There was a lot of suffering and some people were doing things that were damaging the earth. All of these things made me feel so bad and I didn’t want things to go back. So I didn’t look at America.

FRENCH GUIANA

I returned to a remote village in French Guiana, where I was working. I thought that if I was in a nice street and didn’t spend the night there, I would be happier. But after a while, things that I couldn’t do stopped happening. I worked hard in the fields and went to farms at the end of the fields.

At that time, someone gave me a Bible, and I read it with the intention of finding good advice that would help me improve my life, but I didn’t understand what I was reading.

I had some friends who lived in a village in the countryside and named the place after themselves. They also wanted to know the meaning of life. They wanted me to live in the village with them.

We lived in the fields and we gave ourselves over to the wild. We did what we wanted and no one listened to us. We sat down when the sun was high and we stood up when the sun was low. We ate our own corn, we harvested our own corn, and we cooked our own bread. We enjoyed the place and the things that were around us and we shared the things that were ours with each other. We ate corn, we ate beef because we didn’t want to eat it. We did not obey the laws of the government; we could go against the law when we saw that it was good for us and not harmful to anyone.

I want the way we live in the village to be the same in the whole world. No one ignores the other, and we treat each other well no matter where they are. But I realized that we all care about ourselves, each one of us cares about the others, and in the end, the problems that afflict people in other parts of the world afflict us as well. There were only a few people in the village. They were there for a few weeks or a few days. I haven’t been there for two years.

When I was in the field, I noticed that the earth works so well that we get all the things we need. One day I went to the field and tried to read the leaves. They were so close that I couldn't see them.

A. A building in the village known as the Shepherd's House

B. First menɔ ave me

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

B

I did not read them all. I asked myself, ‘Why does the earth do these things? Perhaps it is a place prepared for people to live on.’ I found it strange that these things should happen of themselves. But who did all these things? It must be someone who did them, but I knew nothing about him.

I started reading the Bible. But now I don’t understand what God wants from me. I’ve been praying and seeing the signs of the time even though I don’t understand why people do it. I’ve been asking myself, ‘Is the name of the Creator Yah?’ In the village, we call that name in our classrooms.

HOW YOU CAN KNOW WHY YOU ARE HAPPY

When I remembered the time I spent there, I realized that the Creator recognized that I was a fool. One of my friends in the village came to a Jehovah’s Witness who gave him a booklet entitled “You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth.” The book and what I learned from it made a huge impact on me! I wanted to live forever on a returned paradise land. That was exactly what I wanted to do; I wanted to live with my family in peace on earth forever. I wanted not to be separated from this loving Creator who has given us such a good life.

I realized that I needed to make some changes in my life, but I couldn’t do it on my own, so I told my other friend to arrange for me to go to a Christian missionary named Michel, who was studying the Bible with me.

The next day I went to Michel for a meeting in Matoury, near the capital, Cayenne. It was more than 240 kilometers away from where I was. I was constantly in pain and unable to sleep. I was wearing a small blanket and a blanket of mud that made me look even worse. Despite my condition, the brothers and sisters came to see my food and drinks during the meeting. The way the Witnesses treated me showed me that I was faithful to the truth.

One of the topics of the meeting was 1 Timothy 5:8. It was highlighted that a husband’s good will provides for the needs of his family. It was pointed out that God Himself does this; He always cares for those in His family. This made me realize that if I don’t care for God, I will never be able to live in peace with Him.

* Jehovah's Witnesses were involved, but they are no longer allowed to do so.

I studied in French Guiana, was baptized in France, and now I and my wife are serving in New Caledonia.

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDONIA

When we divorced

Speaking to a Chinese group, 2006

When I was younger, I wasn’t sure what I wanted to do with my life, but now I know what I want to do with my life, and I’m happy with what I’m doing. I’m happy with what I’m doing, but I’m not happy with what I’m not doing. I’m happy with what I’m doing, but I’m not happy with what I’m not doing.

As Bible study helped me get started, I made changes in my life. For example, I made a commitment to stop smoking and drinking. I stopped putting my smoking and drinking habits on the shelf, and from then on, I stopped drinking and drinking. I started attending church meetings regularly. One day, while I was at church, I told a brother that I wanted to leave for good, and he told me to stay in the Kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, I moved from a village in French Guiana back to France. I found a church and joined Jehovah’s Witnesses to study the Bible with them. Some people noticed a change in my life. I didn’t go to church, and I didn’t go to those churches. They were very happy about it. But what they were not happy about was the way I treated them when I told them about my beliefs. I later realized that I needed to talk to them first.

When I was baptized in 1996, I prayed to Jehovah that he would help me to become a missionary like Michel. I realized that it was the best thing I could do to show Jehovah that I valued what he had done for me.

MÍA FOFO SI LE DZIFO LA YRAM LE MONDE BUBUWO NU

There was a young woman named Claudine in our congregation. I noticed that she was dedicated to the ministry, and her conversations in the meetings showed that she loved God. She was interested in seeing how we fit together. But first, I didn’t know if Claudine would also want to do the ministry. She did too! So we divorced in April 2000.

The following year, both of us went on a mission trip. After some time, we decided to learn Mandarin to help a Chinese community in our neighborhood. It wasn’t easy for me to learn Mandarin again. I had to try to feel like a Chinese person and learn how to teach them the Bible. In fact, I couldn’t speak Mandarin, but I did try. We and the Chinese brothers enjoyed the mission and remembered those days. God helped us a lot during these years and the work we did prepared us for the work we would do later.

SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SECURITY SEC

It has not been easy for me in the past. For example, I feel that all my efforts to serve Jehovah and my brothers have failed. Therefore, I want to make my meetings special, which means I spend more time preparing them. But I am happy.

AUGUST 2026 29

Me and my wife; we are currently serving as a pastor in New Caledonia

(Deuteronomy 7:16) It is important to understand that Jehovah, our loving Father, is pleased when we do what we want him to do, and does not ask for our integrity.

In Paris, I was appointed to the office of the director of the office. I thought that I was unskilled and that I had no opportunity to do that job, but I realized that Jehovah’s spirit can help us do things that we couldn’t do on our own.

I’ve been suffering from a mental illness since I was a child. I’m now more concerned about my blood pressure. It gets worse when I’m feeling uncomfortable, for example, when I’m speaking to people at meetings or conferences. But it doesn’t help if I don’t pray to Jehovah to help me stay calm. The illness still exists, but if I don’t rely on Jehovah completely, I don’t feel like I’m feeling uncomfortable anymore.

In 2011, Jehovah gave us a great opportunity. We became missionaries, and were sent to New Caledonia. It is a small island in the eastern Pacific Ocean, about 16,000 kilometres from Paris. We faced some difficulties there. We had to learn how to eat things we had never eaten before, such as shrimp, beans, and potatoes. In the desert, it is cold and rainy, and the wind blows; this causes us to lose our appetite. It takes some time before we are satisfied. Another thing we need to remember in this area is that when you ask someone a question and they are waiting for you to answer them, they should use their eyes.

Jehovah has also helped us to take on new tasks. In addition to preaching, we have served at some of Bethel’s branches. We are members of the Kingdom Preachers’ School, and now we are the head of a congregation. Throughout all of these tasks, we have seen how Jehovah uses his holy spirit to help us. Jehovah does not recognize that we may have disabilities, but he can use us. Therefore, I pray to him earnestly to help me do every task he asks me to do. Even though I am disheartened when I am in front of people, God helps me that when we visit churches, I am able to encourage them with the guidance they need.

My wife, Claudine, has supported me in all the situations we have been through. She is a great inspiration to me. She takes on every task we are given with joy, and she is always excited to preach. Even though we live in the neighborhood and we have to deal with some problems in the ministry, she doesn’t give up.

During my first meeting, I learned that Jehovah, the Creator of the universe, is always there for his servants. I had many difficulties in worshipping him, but he was the most important thing in my life. He helped me learn how to be submissive to authorities and leaders among his people. I stopped fighting with friends who didn’t love him so that I could obey his commandments, and he gave me some true friends. He gave me a good wife, and we are looking forward to the time when we will live forever and enjoy his presence forever.—Mark 10:29, 30.

30 APPENDIX

ÈNYAA?

What were the consequences of the wars in ancient Israel?

In ancient times, people lived in densely populated areas of the desert, but as people moved into the desert, the situation has worsened. There are more than 50 examples of densely populated areas in the Bible, and there are many different stories about them.

The Hebrew word used to describe a hill refers more to a hill in a town than to a hill in a village. It could also refer to the place where the people of the village assembled to worship on the hill. In some places, the hill was the place where the people of the village assembled to worship on the hill.—Neh. 8:1.

In the case of some of the temples in Jerusalem, it is possible that the names of the temples were derived from the names of the places where they were built; for example, the Temple of David and the Temple of Solomon.—Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

(Genesis 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Some of those who went into the pits did so because they knew that no one would take them away. (Deuteronomy 19:15-21) Some also went into the pits because they knew that they would find new things. —2 Samuel 18:24, 25.

(Deuteronomy 21:18-20) Because the judges judge in public, they are not partial, and their judgments are fair. When the judges are finished judging, the judges’ decisions are immediately enforced. (Deuteronomy 25:2) Jehovah and all nations ensure that the judges in the public courts do what is right, live a good life, and encourage others to do the same.—Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

Everything gets worse and worse day by day

(1 Kings 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu declared in front of all the people in the city that Jehovah’s word that he would come upon the house of Ahab had been fulfilled. (2 Kings 10:8-10) King Hezekiah gathered his troops in front of the city and encouraged them to trust Jehovah. —2 Chronicles 32:6-8 (NKJV) Jehovah’s faithful servants encouraged the Israelites to trust Jehovah. Prophets and others spoke Jehovah’s word in the city because they knew that people were being captured there. —1 Kings 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20 (NKJV) For example, Jehu declared in front of all the people in the city that Jehovah’s word that he would come upon the house of Ahab had been fulfilled. —2 Kings 10:8-10 (NKJV) King Hezekiah gathered his troops in the city and encouraged them to trust Jehovah. —2 Chronicles 32:6-8 (NKJV)

The Bible says that “true wisdom” cries out, and its mouth is “in the midst of the crowd.” (Deuteronomy 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, it was in the temples that faithful men gave true advice and carefully listened to it. However, we are pleased to see that Jehovah’s wisdom is in the Bible, and that his servants around the world are helping people study the Bible to gain true wisdom.

AUGUST 2026 31

GOD'S WORSHIP FOR THE WORSHIP OF THE WORSHIP OF GOD

August 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 8 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

Nusosonyati hena October 5-11 | 2

The Temple of Satan’s Idolatry—Turn Away from Jehovah and Jesus

Nusosonyati hena October 12-18 | 8

You Can Defeat Satan and His Evil Spirits!

Nusosonyati hena October 19-25 | 14

Have Your Love In Everything You Do

Nusosonyati hena October 26–November 1 | 20

Appreciate Your Opportunity to Serve Jehovah

AGBEMEŊUTINYA | 26

Wonyela Gã La Tsɔ Ɖe Le Eme Nam

ÈNYAA? | 31

What were the consequences of the wars in ancient Israel?

WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS ABOUT YOU

Ati Si Mmena Kaba

One of the 50 trees mentioned in the Bible is the jewish tree. It is one of the trees that blooms after the sunset. The jewish tree blooms at the end of January. Its leaves are very tender and tender. It is remarkable that in Hebrew, the name for the jewish tree means “flowering tree.” What does this tree have in common with the Creator?

In Jeremiah 7:25, Jehovah declares that he sends his prophets to warn his people. The Watch Tower of March 15, 2011, said: “Just as he wakes up in the morning, Jehovah will wake up in prophecy to warn his people of the things that are to come. And he will not cease—he will continue to “work”—until his prophecy is fulfilled.”—Jer. 1:11, 12.

(Deuteronomy 12:5) The Bible also compares the Jews’ mothers to young people’s taste buds. (Exodus 37:17-20) It is possible that the sculptures in the temple were made in the shape of the Jews’ mothers, because of the way the mothers spoke. —Exodus 37:17-20.

We don’t want you to download this book. It’s part of a worldwide Bible charity funded by volunteers. If you’d like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

The verses we quote in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, but we have given them a different focus.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the jw.org database, or scan this code on your device.

JW.ORG

w26.08-EW