JULY 2026

THE NEW WORLD TRIBUTE TO GOD

ADESUA NSƐM: SEPTEMBER 7–OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

Sua Biribi Fi Gibeonfo No Hɔ

“The Gibeonites made a covenant of peace with Israel, and they kept it.”—Josh. 10:1.

DWOM 88 Tell Me W’akwan

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

We will learn what we can learn from the Gibeonites, and then we will look at what we can learn from how Jehovah treated them.

40 years after the Israelites left Egypt, they came to the Covenant of Promise. Jehovah had led them to overcome the city of Jericho and Ai. Later, they realized something they hadn’t thought about. When they were there, they came to the presence of a group of people. All they said was that they had come from a distant land and wanted to make a covenant of peace with the Israelites.

2 These people were the Gibeonites. When they came to the Israelites, that was the first time the Bible spoke of them. The Bible tells us that the Gibeonites and the Israelites lived together for a long time. What happened to the Gibeonites and the Israelites in their settlements is a great lesson for us to learn about the glory of Jehovah God.

KYERƐ SƐ WOWU WƆ GYIDI NE AHOBRƐASE

3 When the Israelites entered the land of Canaan, there were a number of animals in the land that were supposed to rule over them. They were animals that were “strong, and their heads were dense” from the Israelites. (Deut. 7:1) The Hivites spoke of those animals, and it was there that the Gibeonites lived. If you look back at the Gibeonites, you will see that in the villages where they lived, they had cut down all the trees on the roads, and there were also a great number of assaulters. (Josh. 10:2) Eventually, the Gibeonites realized that if they took the animals that were supposed to lead the Israelites on their journey, they would be stunned if they saw them. They must have understood that Jehovah had promised the Israelites that he would command them to expel all the Canaanites from the land. (Ex. 34:11; Jos. 9:24) So when the Gibeonites made the Israelites turn away from Ye-

1-2. What does the Bible say about the Gibeonites, and why should we care about it?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did they want peace with the Israelites?

2

The Gibeonites persuaded the Israelites to make a peace covenant with them

(See paragraph 4)

When Ai had been destroyed, they sent men to Joshua at Gilgal, and asked him to make a covenant of peace with them.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeonites thought that they were coming from a far-off land. They are said to have spoken of what Jehovah had made Israel do to the Egyptians and the Amorites, Sihon and Og, all of them. The Gibeonites did what the Israelites had done to Jericho and Ai. The Israelites must have been ten years away, so it would seem reasonable that someone who came from a “far-off land” would be mentioned so quickly. What the Gibeonites did suggests that their eyes were open.

(Josh. 9:14, 15) Eventually, what the Gibeonites had done came to pass. However, because the Israelite elders had “laid Jehovah’s name between them,” they did not like the Gibeonites. (Josh. 9:16-19) Instead, they entrusted the Gibeonites with the task of “going out and bringing mud and water for the congregation and for Jehovah’s altar.”—Josh. 9:27.

5 When the Amorite chieftains saw that the Gibeonites were going to take their land from Israel, they decided to go and tell the Gibeonites what to do. The Gibeonites asked Joshua to help them. (Joshua 10:3-7) Joshua told the Israelites that they were going to take the Gibeonites, but the LORD stopped them. What happened was that the LORD let them go.

* The people who came to Joshua with his army were from Gibeon, Kefira, Beeroth, and Kirjath-Jearim.—Joshua 9:17.

4. (a) Based on Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites persuade the Israelites to make a peace covenant with them? (See also the footnote.) (b) What did the Israelites do when they realized that the Gibeonites were attacking them?

5. What did the Gibeonites do that showed that they had faith in Jehovah?

JULY 2026

3

(Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites showed that they had great faith in Jehovah. Why? Because they had asked the Israelites to make a peace treaty with them. And when they were in trouble, they turned to Joshua to help them. This showed that they had great faith in Jehovah’s ability to overcome them and save them.

6 What does this tell us about Jehovah? We see that Jehovah is mindful and merciful. In fact, Jehovah told the Israelites that he would “destroy all the people who are on the face of the earth.” (Numbers 33:51, 52) These people were the Gibeonites. Because the Israelites had made a covenant with the Gibeonites, Jehovah was about to destroy them. God could have said that when the Israelites made a covenant with the Gibeonites, he would have changed his mind, so that the Gibeonites would have to be destroyed in any way. When he did so, he caused the Israelites to break the covenant with the Gibeonites, and he turned his power away from the Gibeonites.—Josh. 9:26; 11:19.

7 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? Our faith in Jehovah should be strong. Let’s say that we know more about Jehovah than the Gibeonites. Therefore, what we can do to draw our attention to Jehovah is much greater. (Deut. 40:4, 5) Another lesson we can learn from the Gibeonites is that we must be careful when we do things that others might think are bad in Jehovah’s sight. (Josh. 9:23, 27) A retired elder named Luke once said that an elder who worked at Bethel had done something for him. He had a job at Bethel. He felt that he was doing something that showed that he was careful. One time, they were attending Kingdom Service, and they needed some of the elders to stay overnight. The elder heard him and told him to go and wait. Luke says: “What the elder did made me realize that when we are careful, it’s not because of ourselves, but because of our neighbors.” So, like the Gibeonites, we have faith in Jehovah when we are careful and focused on him. And when we are careful in all the work we are entrusted with in Jehovah’s congregation, we are following the Gibeonites.

IF YOU WANT TO KNOW THE LORD, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLE

8 Many years later, the story of the Gibeonites appeared in the Bible. At that time, Saul was king of Israel, and his attention was drawn to the Gibeonites who lived in Israel. Because Saul was “evil toward Israel and Judah,” he planned to attack the Gibeonites.* When he did so, he destroyed many of their descendants. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) What Saul did made the Gibeonites very angry! Saul broke the covenant that Israel and the Gibeonites had made many years earlier.

9 And the LORD saw what Saul did to the Gibeonites, and waited until David had departed from Saul before he did anything to him: and the LORD caused a great calamity to come upon Israel for a half-century. And David prayed unto the LORD, and the LORD said unto him, Revenge the blood of Saul and of his sons; for there is yet a year to pass.

* The Bible does not give a clear explanation of why Saul was “the enemy of Israel and Judah.” Some scholars suggest that it may have been because Saul disliked foreigners among his men.

6. What can we learn from Jehovah’s dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. What can we learn from the Gibeonites’ faith and perseverance? (See also the footnote.)

8. What did Saul do to the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah do something about what Saul did to the Gibeonites?

4

ANNOUNCEMENT

Make sure you do the things that others think are wrong, and follow the example of the Gibeonites.

(See paragraph 7)

But when the Gibeonites saw that he was a man of God, they killed him. That’s why he was called “the king of the Gibeonites.” —2 Sam. 21:1.

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. David questioned the Gibeonites about the evils Saul was doing, and why he would punish them. The Gibeonites would say that David had done something wrong, so they would ask him to pay them a large sum of money. Look at what the Gibeonites said to David. They said, “It’s a matter of money.” The Gibeonites’ words showed that they had great respect for God’s commandments. After all, the law said that if a man did something wrong, he must be punished; no money could be given to him. (Numbers 35:30, 31) The Gibeonites believed that the king was the one who had the right to punish someone. Therefore, David told the Gibeonites that they could kill the remaining men of Saul’s family. Perhaps these men were the ones who had convinced Saul to destroy the Gibeonites. After this, the flood stopped in Israel, and all the wrath and anguish ended. This means that Jehovah’s anger was now withdrawn from Israel.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

11 What does this tell us about Jehovah? It shows us that Jehovah is not greedy. (Deut. 37:28) Also, if there are people who live in the same country as you, or if they do not live the way you want them to live, they may find you greedy, and they may want to do what you want them to do. But that is not what Jehovah wants us to do, because he wants us to do what all people do. Also, if there are Jehovah’s servants, some of them are very greedy, and some of them are greedy because they trust in Jehovah. But Jehovah has commanded that soon he will take away all the greedy things from them. The key point in this story is that, just as Jehovah ensured that the Israelites obeyed the commandments imposed on the Gibeonites, he also ensures that we obey every commandment we impose.—See Amos 1:9.

12 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? If we are faithful Christians, we must wait for Jehovah. We must remember that Jehovah’s time is limited, so if we are on his time, he will use it. By doing so, we trust that he can use us.

10. As 2 Samuel 21:3-6 shows, what did the Gibeonites do to show that they wanted to obey Jehovah’s commandments?

11. What does this story tell us about Jehovah?

12. If one and ourselves are the same, what can we do to follow the Gibeonites?

JULY 2026 | 5

Let’s take the story of Laura French, for example. She joined Bethel in 1926, and a year later, she was accused of insulting the elders. As a result, she was sent to Bethel. Although the accusation was her own, she did not take it seriously. She served as an elder for five years. In 1940, she was appointed to Bethel; she was amazed and deeply moved. She served Jehovah for 50 years at Bethel until her death. Sister French’s example shows us that if our brothers and sisters and ourselves are ill, we should not repeat evil after evil. Instead, it is up to us to pray to Jehovah, and he will prepare for us at the right time.—Isaiah 26:3, 4.

HOW YOU ARE WORSHIPING WITH GOD

13 About 500 years after David’s death, the story of the Gibeonites appeared in the Bible. The Jews captured Babylon 70 years ago, and in 537 B.C.E., Amrath Zerubbabel, one of the Gibeonites, went to Jerusalem. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Some of them went with Ezra the scribe in 468 B.C.E. (Ezra 7:1-7). Those who followed Amrath Zerubbabel and Ezra the scribe to Jerusalem were referred to as the “Nethinims.” (See Ezra 2:58 and 7:7 for details.) Are you sure that these Nethinims were from the land? They were “the priests or ministers of the temple who were Israelites,” and many of them appear to have been descendants of the Gibeonites.—See the Bible Study, “Nethinim.”

14 Look at 1 Chronicles 9:2 and the reference to Jerusalem. “The servants of the temple” referred to people who had gone from Babylon to Jerusalem. What they did indicates that they had great faith, because not all the Jews who had gone to Babylon went to Jerusalem. Perhaps some of the Jews were aware of themselves in Babylon, and so it seemed appropriate for them to ask for help from the temple to strengthen Jerusalem. However, some of the Jews showed great faith. For their part, they were concerned that they would go to Jerusalem to restore the temple to Jehovah and obey him. While they were pursuing them to Jerusalem, there was land, but they were not allowed to take anything from their possessions. These people were probably the descendants of the Gibeonites. The Jews had land in Israel, but the descendants of the Gibeonites owned all the land. They felt that they were out of their way; they took care of the work that was done at the temple site, and they also brought food to Jerusalem’s inhabitants.—Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this tell us about Jehovah? It shows us that if someone offers something to Jehovah, Jehovah will never forget that person, and he will never turn away from him! Why do we say this? When the Amorites attacked the Gibeonites, Jehovah did not look down on them; he turned away from them. At that time, when the Babylonians destroyed Jerusalem, Jehovah put the descendants of the Gibeonites out of the way. And when the Jews returned from Babylon, Jehovah’s anger was turned against the Gibeonites; he stopped the work that was being done at the temple. Some of the Gibeonites were also with the temple. (Ezra 2:70; Neh. 11:21) Because of the work they did in the temple, they did not pay attention to any other people.—Ezra 7:24.

13. Who were the “Nethinim,” and what did they do when the Jews fled Babylon for their safety?

14. What did the Gibeonites do to show that they were following Jehovah’s way? (1 Proverbs 9:2 and the following)

15. What does the story of the Gibeonites tell us about Jehovah?

6 SEPTEMBER

16 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? We, too, want to turn ourselves to Jehovah, and bring a voice to tell it. Because we love Jehovah and want his pleasure, if there is something we should sacrifice to get his pleasure, we do it. One example is Alwin from the Philippines. He was a member of an oil company who had a job, and he had a responsibility. He wanted to dedicate his time to Jehovah. Every time the provincial superintendent came to meet his staff, he worked hard so that he could spend more time in the church. If he does so, the joy and happiness he sees, is not a thing of the past. At one time, Alwin wanted to make his job more rewarding. So he went to pray to Jehovah that He would give him a job that would make him more rewarding. He knew that the main job he was doing, if he spent the money on the oil work he was doing, would be worthless. But he didn't care about it. He needed the volunteer work. Later, his father also became a volunteer, and the two of them were to help 21 people become Jehovah's Witnesses. What Alwin and his mother did, wasn't the way Jehovah pleased them. Likewise, every time you make a sacrifice in Jehovah’s name, you can rest assured that Jehovah is always willing to give you whatever you need.—Matthew 6:33.

17 The story of the Gibeonites teaches us many things about Jehovah. We learn that Jehovah is merciful, merciful, just, and faithful. And when his servants offer a sacrifice in his name, he takes their hands away from them. There are some lessons we can learn from the story of the Gibeonites that can help us. One is that when we encounter a challenge or difficulty, we must show ourselves to Jehovah and have faith in him. And every work that takes our hands in the name of Jehovah must be done with sincerity. Instead, if the people and ourselves are hurt, we must remember that Jehovah’s will is the best, so we must give everything to Him. We learned that we must give ourselves to the will of Jehovah. So let us do everything we can to follow the Gibeonites.

16. What can we learn from the Gibeonites?

17. What do we learn from the story of the Gibeonites?

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ What can we do to show that we have faith and sincerity like the Gibeonites?

■ What can we do to emulate the Gibeonites when we are in trouble?

■ How can we follow Jehovah’s will like the Gibeonites?

JW.ORG 148 Jehovah Is Our Leader

SEPTEMBER 14-20, 2026

DWOM 41 Tie Me Mpaebɔ

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

If we read the book of Isaiah with anxiety or anger, it can help us.

Isaiah Nwoma No Betumi Akyekye Wo Werɛ

“This is what Jehovah says:... ‘As a man comforts his son, so will I comfort you.’” —Isaiah 66:12, 13.

YOU FATHER, imagine that a brother or sister is traveling, and he or she is being taken to a remote place. Perhaps the reason he or she is traveling is because his or her parents are away from home. He or she seems to be visiting his or her friends. Or perhaps he or she has a problem, and he or she is traveling because he or she wants to help. What would a father who loves his or her son do? He or she would tell his or her son the truth, and tell him why he or she is traveling. He or she would tell his or her son that he or she cares about him or her.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah describes himself as a mother who loves and comforts her son, saying: “As a husband comforts his son, so will I comfort you.” (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah’s love for us is greater than the love a parent has for his son. (Isa. 49:15) Jehovah gives us plenty of comfort in his words in the Bible, so if we feel weak or afraid, he can give us strength.—Rom. 15:4.

3 Jehovah provided comfort in the book of Isaiah. (Isa. 40:1) During a time when things were going well for Jehovah’s people in Judah, Jehovah, as a loving Father, sent Isaiah to tell them many things. We, too, are in a “time of trouble,” so we need comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) Now let’s look at how the words in the book of Isaiah can comfort us and give us strength in this difficult time. First, when things are going badly in our lives. Second, when something bad that we have done in the past takes hold of us. Most of the time, we mourn the loss of a loved one.

1-2. When we are upset or angry about something, what does Jehovah do to make us feel better?

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

8

BERE A NNEƐMA ASESA PRƐKO PƐ

4 Sometimes, things can make us feel uncomfortable. (Proverbs 9:11; 1 Corinthians 7:31) Sometimes, a disease can make us sick, sometimes, our credit card debt can make us sick, sometimes, a financial crisis can make us sick, and sometimes, Jehovah’s congregation can make us sick. If you are faced with such situations, it can make you feel uncomfortable, and it can even make you feel depressed. If so, you may ask yourself, ‘So what can I do?’ A 17-year-old man named Joseph worked at Bethel, and he was later appointed to a full-time position. He says: “It was like a blow to me. Because of that, I couldn’t do enough at Bethel, so I went there to do my father’s work, and that helped me. That’s why I know what I’m doing.” If that’s how things are going, what assurance does Jehovah give us in the book of Isaiah that can help us?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. If someone thinks that the whole world is overwhelmed and that he cannot see where he is going, Jehovah commands him to tell him the truth, and he will make the truth that is overwhelmed come to an end. If our understanding is limited to what is nearby and we ignore what is in front of us, it may be something like ‘our eyes are opened,’ or something like ‘a piece of bread that we can eat in the morning,’ or something like ‘a place where there is no light,’ or something like ‘a place where there is no water,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like ‘a place where there is nothing to eat,’ or something like He will bring us out of the abyss, he will make our way clear, and the place where we are will be clear.

4. If things just go wrong in our lives, what can it teach us?

5. What assurance does Jehovah give us in Isaiah 42:16? (See also the footnote.)

When things go wrong in your life, Jehovah will take care of you. (See paragraph 5.)

'If you look at the way you walk on the day, you're beautiful.'

(Deut. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) He will also use his Word, the Bible, and his followers to help us. (Deut. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) He will also use our fellow Christians and others to help us. So when things go wrong and we don’t know what’s going on, we can rest assured that Jehovah will guide us because he loves us and knows what we want.—Isaiah 41:10; 1 Peter 5:6, 7.

6 The story of Joseph, a scribe, shows how Jehovah helped him and his wife when they left Bethel. He said: “When we left Bethel, we saw Jehovah’s hand in our troubles. He gave us more than our brothers. Everything we needed in the desert, Jehovah gave us his hand, and he comforted us greatly. Jehovah helped us!” And if you have troubles in your life, you can rest assured that Jehovah will tell you what to do. (Isa. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph said: “The words of one of our songs are very important to me. They say: ‘When it comes, I know it not. Whatever happens, tell me about it.’* Yes, things may not go as we expect, but we must remember that whatever happens in our relationship, Jehovah is speaking about us.”

BEFORE THE BOUNE WAS BEEN RETURNED

7 And if we have committed a great sin, we shall declare it to the elders of the church, and they will help us, because they love us.

* The lyrics are taken from a song in our Psalm Book, titled “Jehovah Speaks to Me.”

6. What assurance can we have if things go wrong in our lives?

7. How can some people’s repeated sins lead to repentance?

(Deuteronomy 28:13; James 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) If we think that Jehovah has forgiven our sins after all, then our sins may be so bad. You might say, ‘How can Jehovah forgive me for this sin?’ (2 Corinthians 2:7) If you think so, then it’s hard, because our past sins have an influence on us, and they may make us feel guilty. When King David sinned, he said: “For my iniquity, I have fallen into my own bosom.” He then said: “I have fallen into my own bosom, and I am utterly guilty.” (Deuteronomy 28:13) 38:3, 8) For you, if your past sins have taken hold of you, Isaiah’s prophecy will be of great help.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah uses an illustrious parable to show us how he forgives our sins. He says that if our sins are “as much as a buck,” he will make them “as much as a buck.” We know that a buck is something that we can’t afford. Jehovah reassured us that if he forgives our sins, he would not forgive us at all—he wouldn’t forgive us at all!

9 Let us take King David as an example. Although he did not respect his family and did not obey God’s commandments, God allowed him to do evil, and later called him a man who took pride in himself. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Sam. 9:4, 5) Jehovah, on the other hand, focused on the truth David believed in, not on the evil that he had done before. Similarly, if we commit an evil deed with all our heart, God will forgive us and make us feel more comfortable in so doing. What assurances do we find in the book of Isaiah?

8-9. How does Isaiah 1:18 show how Jehovah forgives sin?

10 SEPTEMBER

“He will take away all my sins from me.”

It’s not what we do that matters to Jehovah (See paragraph 11)

Can it help us when our enemies attack us?

10 Refer to Isaiah 38:17 for an example. The phrase “take away all my iniquity from behind you” could also be translated as “take away all my iniquity from your face.” This parable shows that if the guilty party was the sinful person, Jehovah would take away his sin in such a way that he would forgive or turn a blind eye to it. Another commentator suggests that this phrase could be translated as “make [my sin] as if I had done nothing wrong.” So when Jehovah forgives us our sins, it is as if we had done nothing wrong in his mind; he would forgive us our iniquity and turn a blind eye to it. It is said: “I have forgiven your iniquities.” (Isaiah 43:25) Do you think this is a very comforting statement?

Whatever you have done in the past, don’t let it detract from the joy you have in serving Jehovah.

And if we have done evil in the past, why should we do it again?

11 Whenever our past sins overwhelm us, we should remember the reassurance that Jehovah has given us. He tells us that if he makes up for our sins, he will do so. But what we have done in the past will not make us feel guilty. Moreover, he does not want people to blame us on him. (Isaiah 57:16) It is not what we have done in the past that matters to Jehovah, but our willingness to obey him and to do what is right in his sight. (Isaiah 55:7)

10. What assurances do we find in Isaiah 38:17?

11. What does Jehovah think of us because of our past sins? (See also chapter 11.)

JULY 2026 11

“W’awufo bena nkwa.”

Our desire to remember our loved ones who have died will be fulfilled in any way possible. (See paragraph 14.)

The God we love is a God who loves us and forgives all our sins! Therefore, we should not let our past sins detract from the joy we have in loving Jehovah. Nor should we let our past sins detract from the joy we will have in loving Jehovah in the future.

WHEN WE RECEIVED THE APPLICATION, THE APPLICATION WAS REJECTED.

12 When we lose one of our loved ones, sorrow overwhelms us, and grief takes the place of joy. Let’s suppose that our loved one dies. Let’s think of a man named Michael, who was the father of his parents, and threw them to the ground. He said, “My heart was broken, and I prayed to Jehovah that he would look after them. I knew he wasn’t killing them, but he did.” You may feel the same way. When we lose one of our loved ones, what comfort and encouragement does Jehovah give us?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah commands that “death shall not be for ever.” If you live in a world where death exists, you may be sad when you hear that one of your wolves has died. (Isaiah 35:10) Similarly, if you hear that one of your wolves has been killed in a wildfire, you may be afraid that you and your people will be killed as soon as the fire is extinguished. That promise is a promise made by God himself, because he alone can cause it to happen.—Isaiah 21:4, 5.

14 See Isaiah 26:19. It’s not just that Jehovah takes death away from us; he’s also making it easier for those of us who are dead to be saved. Look at what he says about the dead.

12. What can we do to help our neighbor?

13. What does Jehovah command us in Isaiah 25:8?

14. If you believe in the resurrection, what makes you think so? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also the footnote.)

12 SEPTEMBER

He said: “My sons will be raised up.” We know that they were Jehovah’s deeds, and he spoke them all. So when he was told, he obeyed them. Just as an acorn’s seed is the seed of a tree, so will Jehovah, the prophet of the Pharisees, make it easier for us who are dead to be saved. You, however, will be sure to see that we are raising up their offspring! Surely we are! —Read Mark 5:42.

15 While Jehovah’s commandment to look after our deceased relatives may make us feel less sad, knowing that he cares for them can give us comfort. Michael, who is an elder, said: “Isaiah 26:19 made me know that my parents cared greatly for Jehovah. I knew that he cared for them and would care for them even if they were to be looked after from death tomorrow. That comforted me greatly, and it gave me strength.” Likewise, let us focus on our concern to look after our deceased relatives. Doing so will help us feel more comfortable when we look after our deceased relatives.

16 We know how the words in the book of Isaiah can comfort us when things go wrong in our lives, when something bad happens to us, or when we are saddened by the death of a loved one. We are confident that Jehovah uses his Word to comfort us and tell us what to do. (Deut. 94:19) If you’re in trouble, is there a good news that comforts you? If so, take it to heart, and you may even be able to go back to where you were, or go somewhere else. We are confident that the things our loving Father, Jehovah, is telling us, will comfort you.

15. How does the excitement of the resurrection come to us when one of our sheep dies?

16. If you are in a difficult situation, what great word of God comforts you?

CHAPTER 11: An elder at a congregational school is disheartened because of the wrongs he has committed in the past. Chapter 12: An elder at a congregational school is disheartened because of the wrongs he has committed in the past. Chapter 13: An elder at a congregational school is disheartened because of the wrongs he has committed in the past. Chapter 14: An elder at a congregational school is disheartened because of the wrongs he has committed in the past. Chapter 15: An elder at a congregational school is disheartened because of the wrongs he has committed in the past. Chapter 16: An elder at a congregational school is disheartened because of the wrongs he has committed in the past. Chapter 17: An elder at a congregational school is disheartened because of the wrongs he has committed in the past. Chapter 18: An elder at a congregational school is disheartened because of the wrongs he has committed in the past.

........................................

■ Isaiah 42:16?

■ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

DWOM 3

Our Strength, Our Strength, Our Strength

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

DWOM 12

Otum, Jehovah God

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

We will consider what it means to know God, why we need to know God, and how we can do so.

Jehovah's Witnesses

“Remember the God whom your father worshipped, and worship... the greatness of his glory.”—1 PET. 28:9.

GOD’S compassionate and gracious love, as well as his many accomplishments, inspire us. When we think about how God behaves, we may say the words of the apostle Paul: “Behold the kindness and compassionate and gracious love of God! Let us dwell in his glory, and let us not seek his glory.”—Rom. 11:33, 34.

2 Although we cannot understand anything about Jehovah, we can learn something that will help us understand how he is. That’s why King David said to his son Solomon: “Look at the God whom your father worshipped, and seek him with all your heart; for if you seek him, he will make you know him.” (1 Pet. 28:9) Many centuries later, the apostle John also told his fellow Christians that “we can see the grace of the faithful.” (1 John 5:20) Jesus himself said that anyone who wants to worship “the Son of God” will be helped to do so.—Matt. 11:27.

(John 17:3) For example, what we do that pleases Jehovah, and how we can see the greatness of his love, is something we can learn every day. When we are in the church, whether or not we are in the church, let us consider a few questions that will help us all to know Jehovah better. What do we mean when we say that we know Jehovah? Why do we have to know Jehovah? How do we know Jehovah?

1. What do we learn from studying Jehovah’s wisdom, grace, and power?

2. What does it mean that we can reach out to Jehovah?

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

14

IF WE WANT TO KNOW GOD, WHAT DO WE HAVE TO DO?

4 Reflecting on what Jehovah said to the Jews who were being deported from Babylon shows us what helps us to know Jehovah. Jehovah said: “I will make you know that I am Jehovah.” (Jer. 24:7) Those who were being deported from Babylon knew a lot about Jehovah. Even though they were able to know Jehovah, they had to put all their heart and all their mind into finding him. One elder told them: “If anyone claims to know God, that is, if anyone claims to know God, there is a great consequence. It’s like someone reading a book about love, and someone who is in love with someone else.” It’s clear that when we learn that there is a God, whose name is Jehovah, it’s the word. But we need to know how he is.

5 When we try to learn about Jehovah, we learn what he likes and what he dislikes. Take King Josiah, for example. The Bible says: “In the eighth year of his reign, when he was a young man, he turned his face to seek the God of David.” (2 Kings 34:3) Not only did he seek Jehovah, but he did what he sought. Jehovah told the prophets Jeremiah that Josiah “did righteousness, and did righteousness,” and he spoke to them with mercy and kindness. Then Jehovah said: “Isn’t this the sign that I am well-liked?”—Jer. 22:15, 16.

6 Kenkan Deuteronomium 9:10.

The apostle Paul knew that this was true. When he was released from prison a short time ago, he said: “It is not my will, but it is the will of Onias, the one who has been thrown out of prison.” (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul’s understanding of Jehovah and the way his brother acted in his trials made him feel much more confident than he was. We see that Paul had confidence in Jehovah that his faith in the truth he had committed himself to would be confirmed, and that the brother would soon be saved.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT GOD?

7 When we try to learn more about Jehovah, we tend to focus too much on ourselves in order to learn more about him. If we think we love him more than he loves us, then the way we read the Bible will make us feel that way. Why does that happen? When we read the Bible on the ground or in the air, we focus on how we use what we are learning, and how we can help others. If we do that, we are also doing wrong, because that is what the Bible tells us to do. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) However, the Bible is a great source of information about Jehovah. (Prov. 25:8-10) Therefore, when we read the Bible, we should not only focus on what helps others, but also ask ourselves: ‘What do these gifts mean for Jehovah God?’*

8 Knowing Jehovah will help us

* If you look at the Holy Father’s Translation, at the beginning there is a section called “What’s in God’s Word.” See paragraph 20.

4. What will help us to know Jehovah?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah when we look at the things that happened to Jehovah?

6. As Psalm 9:10 shows, how does knowing Jehovah help us?

7. What can happen if we overlook Jehovah?

8. How will knowing Jehovah help us to be His servants? (Proverbs 73:24-28)

JULY 2026 15

For example, if we read the Bible every day, watch a broadcast every morning, or attend a meeting, what do we choose to do? If we do so, we know that we are making our Father our Father. Why? Because we follow many things from him. That’s why we choose to do it, and we follow it. We are like the singer Asaph. As Jehovah loved him, he said, “God is my heart and my portion.” (Read Psalm 73:24-28.) Every effort we make to follow Jehovah will make us more aware that we shouldn’t ignore his commandments.

9 The Bible tells us to “be gracious to Jehovah.” (Proverbs 3:5, 6) In other words, we should be gracious to Jehovah for what he wants us to do, and we should be confident that the way we do things is important to him. Doing so will help us make good decisions. For example, there are some brothers who put their wife’s or husband’s money on their shoulders, in their wallets, or on their wallets. By doing so, they help their spouses to be gracious to them. They also make sure that whatever they do will make their spouses happy, not upset or upset them. Likewise, trusting in Jehovah will help us make decisions that will please him.—Deuteronomy 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah created us in his image, so we can follow his image. (Gen. 1:26) If we try to follow Jehovah, he will help us.

9. If we ‘respect’ Jehovah, how will he help us? Let’s take a look.

10. How will it help us to seek out Jehovah?

Jesus urged the rulers and Pharisees to take God’s love to heart. Though they might not be able to understand the details of the law, “the most important things of the law, which are righteousness, mercy, and truth, they may find.” (Matt. 23:23) Instead of following the rulers and Pharisees, we should focus ourselves on the love of Jehovah when we read the Bible. Doing so will help us to take God’s love to heart.—1 John 4:8, 11.

WHAT DO WE KNOW ABOUT GOD?

11 Who helped you learn about Jehovah? Maybe your parents told you the truth. Maybe they told you things from the Bible that made you believe that Jehovah loves you, and made you believe that things that God loves are also things that God loves you. Or maybe a Jehovah’s Dance happened to you and you learned about the Bible. Just as the Bible and the things that God loves you make you believe in him, perhaps what you learned about him led you to learn more about him in the How Can You Be Anxious? magazine.* (Neh. 8:8; Pro. 14:17) In any case, let’s look at what we can do to learn more about Jehovah.

12 One of the most important ways we can learn about Jehovah is by looking at ourselves.

* See the How Can I Help? magazine, chapter 07, paragraphs 5-7.

11. How did you learn about Jehovah?

12-13. What can we learn about Jehovah from reading the Bible? Let’s take this example. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also the articles in this issue.)

16 SEPTEMBER

Learn about the things Jehovah loves, and you’ll understand him better

(See paragraph 15)

(Ex. 34:6, 7) Many times, however, it tells the story of what happened to people and what decisions they made. So when you read a Bible story like this, think about what makes you trust in Jehovah.

13 Let’s take an example. Let’s say you read Jeremiah 38:6-13, and you notice that Ebed-Melek the Ethiopian did something that hurt the prophet Jeremiah. Here’s what you can immediately learn from Ebed-Melek—his kindness, his patience, and his love. And what do you know about Jehovah? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) Looking at this story, what does it tell you about Jehovah’s righteousness? What do you know about Jehovah’s righteousness? Each time you read a Bible story, try to understand the true meaning of Jehovah’s name, and hopefully you’ll be able to understand that meaning.

14 One of the two ways we can learn to know Jehovah is by examining things that he has made. (Deut. 145:9, 10) It is not just by looking at the creatures that we can learn to know Jehovah. Some people have spent their entire lives examining the creatures, but they still believe that there is a God who is beyond our understanding. The Apostle Paul said that God’s “incomprehensible forms... have been in existence since the creation of the world, and you have seen the things that are made of them.” (Rom. 1:20) A Bible passage suggests that “by examining things properly,” you can learn to know God. Looking at the things that Jehovah loves and respects can help us understand his love.

15 If many of us are there, we will be crowded.

14. Why should we rely on things that Jehovah loves?

15. What did Patrick do that brought him closer to Jehovah, and what can you do to follow his example? (See also the footnote.)

JULY 2026 17

If you choose to do so, you can look at the things that God makes and learn something from them. Let’s take the example of a man named Patrick from Brazzaville, a large city in the Republic of the Congo. He says: “Every day I try to look at the things that God makes. I feel like I’m watching the sheep who are looking after the farm and the place where they are going to be laid. Once, I saw some sheep being made. They were making some things in our camp that they could use to make a bunker for their children to go into the forest where they will live.” However, Patrick didn’t just look at the sheep, and he was drawn to the sheep. She added: “I realized that Jehovah was very concerned about his creatures; the wild animals on which he placed his trust were very helpful. I was assured that Jehovah was concerned about me and that his heart was with me, so that he would give me whatever I needed.”

¹⁶ One of the best ways to get to know God more fully is to be grateful for what he has done for us. Mary, the mother of Jesus, said that she did. We can say that she knew God very well, and she was ‘in his presence.’ (Luke 1:30) She knew that God had a great task in her hands; that she was to become the Father of God. She had a great task, so God sent the angel Gabriel and Mary to call upon Elizabeth to help her and to tell her what was going on. Mary took the things she had in her heart, and what the angel and Elizabeth had told her, into her heart. She knew that what she did was by the power of God,

16. What helped Mary, the mother of Jesus, to understand Jehovah better, and what can we learn from that? (See also the illustration.)

When You Learn About the Things Jehovah Does for You, You’ll Know Him Better

(See paragraph 16)

18 SEPTEMBER

(Luke 1:46-55) Mary believed that God was doing something for her, and she followed him, so she made it known. Likewise, if God “gives us in due time,” we should make it known. (Heb. 4:16) When God gives you something, you should ask yourself: ‘What makes me appreciate what God is doing to help me? What does it mean for me?’

WE RETURN TO GOD WITH THAT WE ARE HAPPY

17 When we go into the world of the dead, the things that we can look forward to from Jehovah will not be the same as before. At that time, Jehovah will give us an opportunity to know what he likes and what he dislikes. (Deuteronomy 20:12) But if you turn your mind away from evil, or turn your mind away from righteousness, you will see things that God likes. So we will look forward to a lot of things from Jehovah. (Isaiah 11:6-9) For you, look at Paradise, and all that is left of it, sin has been removed from you, and your people who are dead have been saved. See how much that will excite Jehovah!

18 Jehovah, however, cannot be ignored! He is always there, so “we must seek him in his depths.” (Deuteronomy 90:2; 147:5) In fact, “the work of the true God is from beginning to end in the hearts of men.” (Proverbs 3:11) So whether we are in the church, whether we are here today, let us all try to follow the example of our loving Father.

17-18. Why can we say that we are unable to follow Jehovah’s example?

LET’S LOOK AT AN EXAMPLE: Ebed-Melek took Jeremiah from the prison; what he did indicates that he was very diligent. Paragraph 18: A man whose father had appointed him as Jehovah had commanded him to do would serve in a very difficult situation.

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ What do we mean when we say that we love Jehovah?

■ Why should we go out and worship Jehovah?

■ How can we become closer to Jehovah?

ARCHIVED 28 What Jehovah Will Do to Adam

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

Boa Afoforɔ Ma Wɔhu Yehowa Yie

DWOM 79 Boa Ma Wɔnyina Hɔ Pintinn

“If one is to be saved, he must be your servant, who is the true God’s only servant.”—JOHN 17:3.

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

How a Bible study can help you learn more about Jehovah, his love, and what he likes and dislikes.

IF YOU find yourself reading a Bible name that you’ve never heard before, and you’re surprised to find that the person you’re listening to is willing to give it to you, what would you do? If you do, it’ll make you happy! If our Bible name is so successful, it’s not because of ourselves, but because of Jehovah’s help. When we see that someone is growing in the truth, we give all of our thoughts to Jehovah.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John 3, 4.

2 It is God’s purpose to “get all kinds of people to know the truth in a firm faith.” (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know it. In fact, whatever he hopes to do for others, he also wants people to know it. (Jer. 9:24) If we can do that, let us know the truth in a firm faith. Let us ask, what does it mean when we say that someone has a firm faith in the truth? A Bible scholar explained that a person who has a firm faith in the truth does not only have a firm faith in God, but shows that he has a firm faith in God in his actions. Therefore, when a Bible student knows Jehovah, the knowledge he acquires strengthens his faith, and he becomes confident that he can “be saved.”—John 17:3.

3 Jehovah loves us so much that he gives us a way to make ourselves known to him. In this chapter, we’ll consider the following questions. First, why should Bible learners know Jehovah? Second, how can we help Bible learners know how Jehovah sees things? And, third, how can we help them put what they learn into practice?

1. If you find that your Bible name is unpopular, what do you choose instead?

2. What is the nature of Jehovah? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

20

BOA OSUANI NO MA ONHU YEHOWA YIE

4 Jesus said that the most important part of the commandment is to “love Jehovah with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength.” (Read Mark 12:30.) If a Bible follower is to love Jehovah, he must first love God. Therefore, our Bible disciples should be motivated by their love for God, not by our own doctrine or beliefs. Therefore, when we talk to someone about the Bible, we should focus on helping him or her to know God and love him or her.

5 There is love, and it means to love someone who listens to his words. So if your Bible suani knows that Jehovah loves him, no one will tell him to love him. Jesus said: “That the world may know that I love the Father, as the Father commanded me to do, so I do.” (John 14:31) Our Bible disciples did the same; if they loved Jehovah above all else in their lives, they loved Jehovah, and they loved their neighbors as much as they loved themselves.—1 John 5:3.

6 If a Bible teacher knows that Jehovah loves his children, it is not necessary for the child to make a decision that is in keeping with Jehovah’s mind. Let’s take an example. If a person thinks that he should do something wrong, it is not because he has heard the law about the carcass that he should do it wrong, nor is it because he looks at the person who is doing something wrong that he should do it wrong. Instead, he should stand behind the fence and take care of himself.

Our Bible students, too, don’t love Jehovah just because they read the Bible. In fact, if they put the Bible into practice and understand its principles, they will love Jehovah. If they learn more about Jehovah’s nature and how he treats them, it will help them make better decisions.

(Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) Therefore, Joseph knew Jehovah’s thoughts about family and the relationship between a man and his son. Because Joseph knew Jehovah’s thoughts, when Potifar told him he was going to marry him, he was upset. Joseph said to his mother: “How can I do such an evil thing and do evil in the sight of God?” (Gen. 39:7-9) Because Joseph knew Jehovah’s thoughts, he knew what Jehovah liked and what he didn’t like; and knowing what he was doing would make God happy. Therefore, Joseph made a decision. Like Joseph, we should teach our Bible disciples to look at God and act like him. By doing so, we will help them make decisions that please God.

BOA WO BIBLE SUANI MA ONHU SƐNEA JEHOVA TE

8 How can you help your Bible reader understand how Jehovah feels? When Jehovah wanted Job to know how he felt, he asked him 50 questions. (Job 38:1–41:34)

4. Based on Mark 12:30, what should we keep in mind when discussing the Bible with others?

5. How will your Bible study help you learn about Jehovah’s love?

6. How does it help a Bible student to know that Jehovah loves him? Use a parable.

7. How did Joseph’s knowledge of Jehovah help him?

8. How can the Can You Love Jehovah? magazine help you understand the Bible like Jehovah does?

JULY 2026 21

What Do You Want Me to Tell You?

There are many topics in Can You Hear Me? that can help your Bible students learn more about Jehovah. Some of them are:

“What Does Jehovah Think of His Preachers?” (Question 21)

“When you look at what you have learned about Jehovah and Jesus, when people are being judged, do they judge justice or righteousness? Why do you do so?” (question 33)

“If you want to be Jehovah’s servant, what makes him happy? Why?” (question 34)

“If we choose someone who is not Jehovah, how will we look at Jehovah?” (Article 42)

“What does this scripture tell us that if Jehovah forgives, He will forgive?” (question 56)

“What do Jehovah and his creatures do that shows that he is honest, compassionate, and loving?” (question 57)

We, too, should use questions to help our Bible students understand what God wants them to know. According to the How Can You Be Anxious? report, the questionnaire was created to help our Bible students learn more about Jehovah and understand how he is. (See the section below entitled “The Question Job Asks Jesus.”) If you are a Bible student, you should use the questionnaire. If you do, it will help your children understand how God wants them to know him.

9 If we find ourselves in this situation, we should immediately encourage our children to read the Bible every day.* How can we help them improve their Bible reading? We can suggest that when they read a Bible passage, they ask themselves, ‘Why exactly did Jehovah put that passage in the Bible?’ ‘What is Jehovah’s pleasure in that passage?’ The apostle James gives an example of this. When he spoke of Job, he did not refer only to Job’s feelings, but also to Jehovah’s pleasure. He said that Jehovah is compassionate and merciful.—Read James 5:11.

10 We want to help our Bible students learn how a Bible passage can help them understand what pleases Jehovah and what does not. For example, suppose that you are looking at a Bible verse in the magazine Can You Heal Yourself?, in the section entitled “How to Heal Yourself.”

* See chapter 5 of the How Can You Read the Bible? magazine, which has a section entitled “Commit to Reading the Bible Every Day.” It says: “Commit to reading the Bible every day. The section entitled “Commit to Reading the Bible Every Day” will help you to do so.”

9-10. (a) What will help us as Bible learners to be more effective in our Bible reading? (James 5:11) (b) Let’s look at some examples of how the Bible shows what pleases and what displeases Jehovah.

22 SEPTEMBER

Make sure your child knows that when he or she reads a Bible passage and thinks about it, what he or she knows about Jehovah will be reflected in his or her thoughts. (See paragraphs 12-13.)

(Daniel 6:10, 22) You may ask: ‘Why did Jehovah turn away from Daniel? When did this matter make me understand what displeased Jehovah?’ (Daniel 6:10, 22) You may ask: ‘What did the women who were told about Daniel do? What did Jehovah’s displeasure make me understand this matter?’ (Daniel 6:4, 5, 24) You may also ask: ‘Why did Jehovah choose me to know this matter?—Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 If one of our Bible scholars finds that what we are teaching is not consistent with what is written in the Bible, it can be very encouraging. However, we should let him know that Jehovah, the Supreme Teacher, is the source of all that he teaches. (Isaiah 30:20, 21) Someday one of our Bible scholars may help us and tell us that the way we teach is not consistent with what is written in the Bible.

11. How can we help our Bible companion to know that what we are offering is from Jehovah?

It is true that a man is an asset, but we must make him understand that if he has an asset, it is Jehovah who should take care of it.

READ YOUR BIBLE AND YOU WILL KNOW WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR

12 If your Bible name can tell you something about the person who is reading it, make sure you use it. How can you help the person to use it? That is, if he reads a Bible passage and he doesn’t like it, what he knows about Jehovah will make him like it. For example, perhaps your name refers to something about God’s love, and he wonders why God chose some people and did not choose others. If your Bible name matches something, how can you help him understand it?

13 You can encourage him to explore what he knows about Jehovah. You can ask him, “What does Jehovah do for you?”

12-13. How can you help your Bible student if he or she is reading a Bible passage and he or she doesn’t understand it? (See also the footnote.)

JULY 2026 23

(2 Pet. 3:9) We are human beings, but what does God do to save us? (Ephesians 2:4, 5) Does God listen to those who have questions about him? Or does he give up on those who have questions about him? (Ex. 34:6, 7) In some cases, the Bible tells us that we need to think about the reasons for God’s decisions. We need to think about the reasons for our decisions. We need to know the God we seek, and we need to know that he is the one who is always right.

14 Let’s take a look at two ways that your name can help make Jehovah’s desires work. Let’s say your name appears to be a good one, and it seems to your son that he wants to have an affair with a woman. Perhaps the woman is doing something for him. If so, let your name help him to feel the same way that Jehovah feels about our Christian brothers and sisters. You can ask him about it.

14. If a friend does something that hurts you, how do you help him?

Use your Bible study to help you make a decision that pleases Jehovah. (See chapters 15-16.)

(John 3:16) What does God think of our unity? (Deuteronomy 133:1) What does he like if we do everything we can to destroy our unity? (2 Corinthians 13:11) Let your Bible teacher know that he should focus on the goodness of his brothers and sisters, not on their sins. If he does that, he will please God.

15 One of the best things you can do is to help your Bible learner make a good decision. Look at the 35-page article in the How Can You Help Yourself! magazine entitled “How to Make a Good Decision.” We think your learner is praying about the subject and doing all the research he needs to do, but he feels like he has to make a decision. He may be thinking about some great Bible stories about the subject. Instead, you can help him look at what helped Jesus make a good decision. What helped Jesus? He said: ‘I do what pleases my Father.’ (Read John 8:29.) You can encourage your partner to ask himself: ‘Having looked at all the things I have learned about Jehovah and all the research I have done, what decision will I make that will please him?’ In other words, if you make a decision that will please Jehovah, it is a good decision.

16 Let us consider a young woman who worked with her brothers in Chile; she had to make a big decision in her life. Her abuser wanted her to take a job that would earn her a lot of money, but it would make her more and more destitute. Marianne, her sister who worked with her, said to them: “Let me tell you something.

15-16. (a) If a Bible student has to make a major decision, what can he or she learn from Jesus? (John 8:29) (b) What did Marianne do to help her husband and Bible student make a good decision? (See also the footnote.)

24 SEPTEMBER

I encouraged her to put her heart before Jehovah, and to look at how Jehovah would respond to her prayers. She decided to do that, and eventually, she got a job that would help her go forward.” Let’s tell her that Marianne didn’t tell her neighbor whether she was right or wrong, but that her neighbor’s love for Jehovah helped her to stay on her feet. The result was that the neighbor and Marianne became closer, and she became more faithful to Jehovah. She said: “My name tells me that if we put our faith in Jehovah, he will take care of us as well.”

HOW DO THEY TAKE CARE OF THEMSELVES THAT THEY ARE GOD'S CHILDREN?

17 When we speak to people, we teach them many things. Some of the things we teach are from the Bible, such as the death of the dead, salvation, and the Kingdom of God.

17. What is the most important thing we should teach our Bible students?

In addition, the Bible teaches them how things are organized in the church. Some of the things they learn include what happens in our lives, the work of the elders in the church, and how the Bible is used in the church. In addition to the things they learn, what is most important is that they learn about Jehovah.

18 We know that we have a great opportunity to help our neighbors to know Jehovah. And we can’t deny the joy of those who follow Jehovah and seek him. (Deut. 25:12-15) In the future, those who “know Jehovah’s will” will be saved forever. (1 John 5:20) But that’s not the case; the Bible tells us that whoever tries to know Jehovah and loves him “knows him also.” (1 Corinthians 8:3) The truth is that God, the Almighty, knows us better than anything else, and makes us his friends. What a blessing it is to know the true God!

18. What blessings do we get if we love Jehovah?

LEARN MORE ARTICLE 24: How the Marianne Bible was used as the basis for the creation of the money.

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ Why Should Bible Students Love Jehovah?

■ How can you help your Bible students behave like Jehovah?

■ How can we help our Bible students put what they learn into practice?

DWOM 84 Helping the Work

ASETENAM NSEM

Jehovah's Witnesses Help Me

KEN KIUCHI ANOM ASƐM

When I visited the tinting workshop at Brooklyn Bethel in New York City, I was very excited to see what was happening there. As the tinting was being done, I noticed that the work was going so fast that the fuel was running out of the tank, and the oil was running out of the tank.

There were many things I learned, but I was most impressed by the brothers and sisters who worked there. The work that the elders and brothers did was considered honorable work, and the people who worked there were very helpful and caring. They were very passionate about the work they were doing. When we say that one loves Jehovah with all one’s heart, these brothers and sisters showed me what it means to love Jehovah with all one’s heart.

For many years, Jehovah has helped me to reach the truth. I was not a Buddha, but I can tell you what it was like when I learned the truth.

MEHWEHWƐƐ ONYANKOPƆN WƆ ME MMOFRABEREM

I was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. My parents had five children, and I was the oldest. My parents moved from Japan to Chicago; they were convinced that America would be a better place for them. They wanted their children to go to school and keep up with them.

My parents were Buddhist monks. There was a Buddhist temple in my mother's neighborhood. My father and two brothers were priests in a Buddhist temple. So my brothers and I were worshipping Buddha. Every day when I was out of school, I would go to the Buddha statue in front of our house and pray to it, and my mother would eat it. And when Kwasiada came, we would go to the Buddha statue in front of our house and pray to a statue that looked like the one in front of us, but it wasn't ours, and they would give us money to go and worship.

When I was about a year old, I realized that there was a day when I was in the midst of a disaster, and I asked myself, 'If I die, what will happen to me?' The Buddha taught me that if I die, I would not go to the bottom of the abyss. That's when I realized that, yeah, my day was over. I might become a spirit creature, but I couldn't let go of my soul as humans do. I was afraid! So, I was a fool.

26 SEPTEMBER

By the time I was about 15 years old, the Buddha image that I used to hold in my hand seemed to be a witch. I knew that something was going on in my life. (Matt. 5:3) In my heart, I felt that there was a powerful God, and I wanted to know Him. I felt that the Bible could help me find the answers to my questions, so I started reading the Bible; it was the King James Version. And, of course, I knew wherever I went it was a Buddhist festival.

When I was 17 years old, one day I was dancing with my friends, and an old man named Wilson Bashou came to me. He said, “Do you know what God will do for people in the future?” That was the theme of our Bible conversation. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 to me, and he said, “Look at the ‘many heads’ on which the tree stands, what does it stand for?” I was amazed. So he brought me Revelation 17:15, which says that the tree stands for people. I realized that the Jehovah’s Witnesses were speaking a scripture from the Bible. That told me a lot. When Wilson and I first met, he gave me a copy of Truth or Dare, a book that made me very excited.

A few months later, I attended an important meeting at the Kingdom Hall. The way the brothers treated me made me feel comfortable. From that day on, I stopped attending the meetings. After that, Wilson came to me. I was passionate about the Bible that I read, and sometimes I would read 90 pages a day. My parents gave me the Bible, so they gave me a lot of support. Every time I sat down to read, I felt that it was the truth. I was baptized in 1983.

MIGYAEE SUAPƆN BUAƐ DAA KWAMPAEFO

When I became aware, I was enrolled in a prestigious university, and I wanted to become a doctor. My parents sacrificed a lot to get me to become a doctor. I wanted to go to college, but I wanted to devote all my time to Jehovah and do everything I could in his service.

My dad told me, “If you know that you’re going to die, you’re going to go to hell!” I was upset. I loved my parents, and I didn’t want to do anything that would upset them. So I went to school at night and prayed to Jehovah, “God, let me make a decision.” Finally, I decided to go to hell, so my dad told me to go to hell. I asked Wilson to tell him what had happened, and he told me to go with him. I packed my stuff in a bag, and I walked to Wilson’s grave. I felt very sorry for myself. I believe that we have made a decision.

I felt like I couldn’t do anything about it. But I wanted to devote my whole life to Jehovah, so I left the church in 1984.

When I was in prison, the LORD gave me a great deal of money; it was a lot of money. One day, I was very angry because I didn’t want to go to prison with anyone else, so I didn’t want to go. I felt very angry. About 18 months later, I went to a place; it was like a prison.

I am Wilson Bashou who made me know the truth

JULY 2026

27

Some of them went to Brooklyn Bethel, and I explained to them what was happening in the place where we were staying.

I don't like Michiko Oda.

When I got to the farm, I thought I was going to go to the farmers, and I thought that I wouldn’t go there. That’s what I did, and I was anxious. Also, if there was a storm, it would come. So I knew that it was going to be a storm or not. When I got to the farm, I went to see a farmer from the Philippines who was standing there. What I thought in my head was, ‘Well, it’s going to be a storm.’ And that’s it! I and the farmer fell asleep, and a strange thing happened, he became my new Jehovah’s Witness.

MISSIONARIES IN BROOKLYN BETEL

Two years after I came to Wilson, I was invited to work at Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As I had told you, I was sent to work at a newsroom. One day, I was working on a post-newsroom poster, and I made a lot of noise. My colleagues told me to talk to the head of the newsroom. I went there, explained everything, but he told me to do one thing. The teacher who was overseeing the classes told me, “If you do something and we go there, tell me that you want to pay more.” That day, I realized that if I was smart, I would have to go and pay more.

The members of the Bethel family, who were passionate about serving Jehovah faithfully, as they were about serving others, made me realize something. One day, while we were on a tour, I and Uncle Milton Henschel, who was speaking about the Bible, were at a pond. On that day, it was a great day, and the brothers were paying taxes, like they were cutting wood. On our way to the pond, we were watching the brothers who were paying taxes. Uncle Henschel did not mind; what we noticed was that he was rising up after the brothers who were paying taxes, and he was also cutting wood, leaves, and leaves. The way Ona Henschel took care of her brothers and sisters inspires me today; it reminds me of the way Jesus took care of his apostles.—John 13:3-5.

28 SEPTEMBER

“EASE YOURSELF WITH JAPANESE LANGUAGE!”

In 1987, I went to Japan, and I was impressed by the country and the warmth and kindness of the people who lived there. I wanted to learn Japanese, but I didn’t know how to speak it. A Bethel sister named Michiko Oda looked at me and said, “You have to learn Japanese!” I did. I knew that her words would make me feel better.

In 1989, I attended a meeting in Los Angeles, California. It was the first time that I had attended a meeting in Japanese. The drama that was performed at the meeting featured a young Japanese woman named Miwako Onami, and I was impressed with her. She was the first Japanese woman to attend a meeting in the United States.

I and Miwako met in 1992, and we started working together at Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako was a very social person, and always wanted to do something good for others. Her support helped me to understand what I should do with people. As for Miwako, Jehovah gave me the strength to do what I wanted to do, and made me feel comfortable.

WE ARE JAPAN BETEL, AND WE WILL BECOME A PARTNER OF YOU IN THE FUTURE

A few months later, Miwako’s parents in Japan moved to the United States. The Brooklyn Bethel said that we could work at the Japanese Bethel, so that we could take care of Miwako’s parents. So we went there in 1999.

When we went to Betel in Japan, the elders in Japan were very helpful. The elders in Japan were very kind and helpful, and that made me like them. When it came to their work, they were very helpful. When they were doing their work, they were very helpful. The reason they were so helpful was that the Japanese people believed that if a large number of people worked together, it would be better for them to work together rather than separately. Their example made me realize that I had to work together with my brothers and sisters. It also made me realize that every little thing I did helped me to accomplish Jehovah’s purposes.

Edda met the fire.

I felt that because I didn’t know where I was, how things were done, sometimes I had different opinions. So I had to think about how I was going to do things. So when I went there, I took a deep breath. I felt that whatever decision we made, Jehovah could bless it; what was important was to follow the instructions the congregation gave us. So, whatever we do, if Jehovah’s hand is on us, it will work.

As Bethel taught me, I followed the teachings of Moses every day. For 40 years Moses was a watchman, and throughout that time Jehovah helped him to be humble. My words were like Moses; because of the short time I was there, I was foolish. Bethel taught me that I should be humble and trust in Jehovah. Just as Jehovah had faith in Moses and trusted in him, I also have faith in Jehovah and trust in him in the years to come.

JULY 2026 29

We spent about 24 years with Miwako’s parents, and it was hard to believe. We had many troubles, we had to deal with a lot of people, and sometimes we were a little shy. Miwako’s mother, Masako’s mother, was very concerned about Masako’s health, and she felt like she was going to die. Masako didn’t want to go to the church. She had a little bit of money for him, and he was in the middle of the crowd. After all this hardship, Masako’s love for Jehovah grew. Every time he talked about the truth, you could feel his heart beat faster. Masako was a person who was very happy with what he had. And after all this hardship, he went on to worship Jehovah with joy. Wei is something I want to do.

In 2024, we had a big decision to make. We had been at Bethel for over 30 years, and the congregation had asked us to go on a special mission. So we went to the mountains of Okinawa, where we learned how to testify to the nearby tribes. Our experience at Bethel was so inspiring that when we were asked to go on a special mission, we agreed. We tried to plan and use our time in a way that allowed us to devote ourselves to the ministry. As a result, we realized that the most important thing is to love others. Every day, Miwako and I thank Jehovah for the great work He has entrusted us with.

HOW DO I KNOW WHO GOD IS AND WHAT HE HAS TO DO WITH ME?

Yes, because of the resurrection of my enemies, each one of them will testify about me in the truth. Jesus said that whoever goes to his enemies’ place to be their friend will be the father of 100 families. (Mark 10:29, 30) I know that this statement is very true. I can’t deny that the people who have taken me into their family, who love me and care about me, are very kind to me.

The truth that Wilson gave me was there. That truth, if I could say it, inspired me in the way that Jehovah wanted me to see it. (1 Pet. 28:9) I wanted to let Jehovah please me, and I wanted to help others to know the truth and live forever.

I worked at the Japan Bethel

Me and Miwako are doing the ministry in Okinawa

30 SEPTEMBER

Let’s Let Your Neighbor’s Clothes Set You Up!

YOU AND YOUR BROTHER Does a Jehovah’s Witness make you feel guilty and break your relationship? If so, it’s a good thing; you and your brother will find peace and harmony.*

By way of example, if a person is in a coma, he or she would have to go to the doctor and ask him or her to remove the lump from his or her neck. If the person would go to the doctor and ask him or her to remove the lump from his or her neck, the lump would break and the person would not be able to get rid of the lump.

Just as when you’re sick, it’s easy to go to the doctor and tell him what’s wrong with you, it’s easier for us to fix our relationship with a Christian brother or sister. If we don’t do so, we’ll lose the connection we have with him or her, and it’ll be easier for him or her to get into trouble with us. Jesus told us that if we have a problem with someone, we should “fix it quickly.” (Matt. 5:25) So if you and your brother or sister are in trouble, go to him or her and talk about it with him or her. Let’s take a look at two reasons why we’re saying that.

One thing is, maybe you don’t want what’s happening, you’re going to talk about it and you’re going to make a plan. So you’re going to feel guilty. # Let’s take Euodia and Sintike; it’s like there’s a mind-me-ho-ase.

(Matt. 5:23, 24) If we feel that we have committed a serious sin, we may need to seek help from the elders of the congregation. (Matt. 18:17) Instead, we should apply the words in Matthew 18:15, 16. If we do so, we can seek help from the elders of the congregation.

# If your Christian neighbor does something to you, and if he or she is telling you a big deal, you may feel guilty.—Proverbs 26:20

The apostle Paul, who lived in Rome at the time, also spoke about the issue and urged the brothers to try to bring their differences to an end and to be one. (Philippians 4:2) If they were to be able to be friends, each one of them should have shown sincerity, each one of them should have opened his heart to the other, and each one of them should have forgiven the other for what he had done wrong.

Secondly, you may feel that your sister is drinking too much, and that she should stop drinking. But it’s not her words that matter, it’s the relationship between you and her that matters. A doctor who is looking after someone who has a problem with doping is concerned that the problem is being solved, not what’s causing the problem. So if you and your sister go to the doctor, it’s not because you and your sister are drinking too much or too little that you go to the doctor. Instead, talk about how you and your sister treat each other, and what you need to do to make your relationship better.

If your Christian brother or sister does something that hurts you, why do you and your brother or sister try so hard to get back together? The Bible says: “Keep the abuse at bay, giving thanks for what is going on.” (Eph. 4:26) By doing everything you can to keep your brother or sister together, you will help keep “the enemy that is against us” away.—Eph. 4:1-3.

JULY 2026 31

THE NEW WORLD TRIBUTE TO GOD

July 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 7 TWI

THE SYSTEM IN THIS NEWS

Adesua Word to Be Heard on September 7-13 | 2 Samuel 24:1-13

The Word of God September 14-20 | 8 Isaiah’s Word Will Strengthen Your Faith

What You’ll Learn September 21-27 | 14 Do What Jehovah Wants You to Do

What You’ll Learn September 28–October 4 | 20 Good Reasons to Know Jehovah

ASETENAM NSƐM | 26 Jehovah’s Mother Comes to Help Me

Let’s Get Started Now! | 31

ADESUA HO NYANSAHNYE

What Helps Our Parents Have a Healthy Relationship

When we go to court, each of us has a way of giving a response that will help our brothers and sisters. (Heb. 10:24, 25) What will help us find a response that will help our brothers and sisters?

• Pray to Jehovah. He wants to hear your prayer and give you an answer that will help you and your family.—Deut. 35:18.

• Make sure you read the answer thoroughly. If you answer the question yourself, it will help you to express your faith in Jehovah.

• Be concise in your answer. If you go to a meeting and give a simple answer to a question that is already answered, it will make your audience feel more comfortable, and it will make many people feel more comfortable.—Proverbs 10:19.

• Make your answer appeal to the listener. If you make your answer, do so in the presence of the brothers or sisters.

If we call you, you can help them. What do you do? If they don’t answer, we can take a look at them, and later we can tell them who you are.—Proverbs 10:21.

We’re doing Bible teaching worldwide, and volunteer volunteers are making a contribution to our work. If you’d like to make a contribution, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical texts in this book are taken from the Scripture Kronkron—The Complete Father's Translation, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website on Twitter, or use your smartphone to scan this code

JW.ORG

w26.07-TW