SEPTEMBER 2026

THE NEW WORLD TRIBUTE TO GOD

ADESUA NSƐM: NOVEMBER 2–DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOVEMBER 2-8, 2026

SECTION 3 Our Strength, Our Power, and Our Power

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

That’s why we can be confident that Jehovah will be with us today and in the future.

Have Confidence When Jehovah Helps You

“You said: ‘Jehovah is my friend.’”—DW 91:9.

We are in the midst of the Great Depression, and the world is about to be destroyed. Soon, there will be a catastrophe that will overwhelm the world. Jehovah’s “thoughts” are in the minds of the faithful to bring “the kings of their kingdoms to the throne” of the Most High. * (Deuteronomy 17:17) Then, the throne that will be given to him, along with all the powers of the world, will take hold; the world’s governing bodies will be driven away to follow him. (Deuteronomy 17:16) Then, the Great Depression will end. What will happen after that?

(Ezek. 38:14-16) Why? The book True Witness—The Life of Jehovah’s Witnesses! says: “Satan is going to go up and down with the witnesses, and he is going to make them believe that they will destroy Jehovah’s servants, and that they will destroy faith from the face of the earth.” This will lead to Armageddon, which will be the last day of the world. The congregation, together with the 144,000 who were led by Jesus, will go down to this evil world, and they will take us to the end of the world.—Ezek. 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

3 The time when Jesus and his disciples came to Jerusalem,

* See “A Message for Readers” in the November 2025 issue of the Watchtower.

1-2. What will be the consequences of the third world?

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

2

Are we supposed to be afraid of Armageddon? Yes! Why? It is because Jehovah has promised us that he will destroy us. That promise is in Psalm 91:7. It says, “The storm will come upon you, and the storm will come upon your hands, but you, you will be saved.” Let’s consider Psalm 91 further, and let’s take a closer look at the following important questions: What is Psalm 91 about? Now, what will Jehovah destroy us? And tomorrow, what will he destroy us? Before we look at these questions, let’s take a closer look at Psalm 91.

HOW WE CAN KNOW THAT GOD WILL GET OUT OF THIS WORLD

4 Let’s take Psalm 91 as an example: “We can see that God’s punishment of his people is unjust. Paragraphs one and two show that anyone who turns his heart to Jehovah will be punished. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) You will see that the Lord of all things, the Savior, is not giving you his punishment. What is wrong with that? (Ruth 2:12; Dt. 17:8) The words “the ungodly” and “the ungodly” remind us of the time when the elders took a two-piece robe from the elders and put it on the elders. The elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders looked after the elders, and the elders look In addition, when we look at some of the horrors that have occurred, we see that Jehovah’s punishment of his people is a terrible example for us to reflect on.—Deuteronomy 91:3-13.

5 In the words of Psalm 91,

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 assure us that Jehovah will pardon us?

5-6. What commandment does Jehovah give us in Psalm 91:14-16, and what assurance does it give us?

(Read Psalm 91:14-16.) Consider the following words: “I will,” “I will give,” “I will go,” “I will follow,” and “I will not leave.” Jehovah commands that he will guide his people, because they have put their toes on his toes, and they bear his name, and they call upon him. We can be confident in this commandment of Jehovah. (Josh. 23:14) When Jehovah says he will guide his people, it’s not a joke or a lie, because he is the One Who Calls! —Numbers 23:19.

6 Jehovah used the words in Psalm 91 because he knows that it will help us to know that he will not give us away. (Rom. 15:4) So, in the same way that the psalmists said, we can say to Jehovah: “Give me my neighbor and my friend.” (Ps. 91:2) What kind of kindness can we expect from Jehovah?

91 WHAT DOES GOD WANT YOU TO DO?

7 Our Bible study shows that Psalm 91 is the commandment of Jehovah to give us our souls. We can be sure that whatever we need to be able to rely on, Jehovah will give us. Isn’t that the word that refers to spiritual souls? Yes. This Psalm also shows that if our fathers look after us, Jehovah will make sure that all of his servants are well. In fact, he will give us our souls and give us peace. Why do we say that?

7. What blessing does Psalm 91 tell us that Jehovah will give us?

SEPTEMBER 2026

3

8 Satan used Psalm 91:11, 12 to surprise Jesus by saying that if he went out of the temple, God would send angels to punish him. When Jesus said that, let’s see what he did. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.) Jesus replied, “Let Satan go! Doesn’t that scripture mean that God will punish me and do nothing to me or take anything from me?” In fact, Jesus said, “Look to Jehovah your God.” What can we learn from Jesus’ punishment for Satan?

9 Jesus understood that if fathers thought they were God’s wicked people, there was a reason why Jehovah had his angels punish them. (2 Kings 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Daniel 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) Jesus understood that if he had given his promise up, he could not be sure that Jehovah would have his angels punish him. Satan’s use of Psalm 91 to suggest that Jehovah would punish his servants for their sins was truly true. It was obvious, though, that he would tell Jesus that he would have to give up his hope in order to please Jehovah. * Jesus’ warning to Satan is to remind us of Psalm 91, which says that God will do whatever it takes to keep his people and his people from hurting us. When that day comes, he will give us everything we need to keep our relationship with him, and he will give us peace.

10 The Commandment of the Lord in Psalm 91

* Once, our reporter said that Psalm 91 referred to Jehovah's commandment to take us out of the spirit world. He also pointed out that Satan had said that Psalm 91 referred to Jehovah's commandment to take His servants out of the spirit world, and that they should not do anything to them. See The Watchtower, December 1, 1974, p. 722.

8-9. When Satan looked at Jesus, what answer did Jesus give him, and what can we learn from Jesus' answer? (Matthew 4:5-7)

10. What do we do?

10:10 And we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence of the LORD, and we have been in the presence

WHAT DOES GOD WANT TO DO WITH IT?

11 Jehovah gives us spiritual power. That is, whatever can damage our relationship with him helps us to do evil. For example, we need to do evil because God knows how evil has taken hold of us. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) Let’s consider one example of how Jehovah gives us the power to do evil.

12 Jehovah has given us His Word, the Bible. The Bible warns us against evil desires, and if we know what we do, we can fight them. For example, Jesus said in Matthew 5:28, 29: “Whoever goes to see his husband’s desires has destroyed his family in his heart.” What do we learn from this statement?

(James 1:14, 15) If we are able to resist such evil desires, Jesus’ advice, “If your soul desires evil, turn away from it,” should be put into practice as soon as possible. In this example, a Bible scholar described it as “like having an oppressor take away an evil disease from the body.”

11. How does Jehovah give us spiritual power?

12-13. What will help us to resist evil desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

ANNOUNCEMENT

Jehovah wants his people to be able to access movies, videos, and other content that helps us build our relationship with him. (See paragraph 15.)

That’s why we should be careful not to spend too much time on advice, as if we were trying to cure a disease. (Col. 3:5) When we put this principle into practice, we are preventing ourselves from becoming Jehovah’s enemies.

14 Jehovah gives us the holy spirit. Jehovah gives us the holy spirit so that we can do evil. If we go to him and ask him to give us the holy spirit, he will give it to us. (Luke 11:9-13) When does the holy spirit come to us? The Apostle Paul said: “Go in the spirit, and it will lead you to follow your own lusts.” (Galatians 5:16) The example of this passage in the English Bible shows that “the one who is born of the spirit seeks the guidance of the holy spirit of God, and he gives him power over his mind and his actions. Although he can feel evil desires, he is very ruthless; he is quick to change his mind.” Jehovah’s spirit doesn’t have evil desires, but it can give us the strength to do what we want, and evil desires can take over us. This will enhance our relationship with Jehovah.

¹⁵ Jehovah’s servants are there for us. Jehovah’s servants are there for us to provide us with news, videos, and other content at the right time. They are there for us to have a good relationship with him. Because we have sinned and we have evil in us, sometimes it’s something we’ve been doing for a long time.

14. How does the Holy Spirit come to us?

15. When does Jehovah allow his people to break our relationship with him? (See also the footnote.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 5

Sometimes, we may feel that everyone is watching us. Sometimes, we may feel that someone else is watching us. Sometimes, someone else has power over us to make us act badly. Sometimes, Satan, the “watchman,” uses this power to make us think that Jehovah is not paying attention to us. (Matt. 4:3; 6:13) Jehovah’s congregation provides us with many spiritual gifts that show that he is paying attention to us, and that he will keep his promise to look after us. (Deut. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Have you ever read something in the newspaper, or watched a video that made you worry, and said, ‘What are they doing to me?’ In other words, Jehovah has given us the power to say these things at the right time, and our relationship with him has been broken.

16 Jehovah puts his servants in such a position that our fathers can’t overpower us. However, sometimes Jehovah makes sure that our fathers will rise up against us, and they will even kill some of us, in order to show that Satan is a thief. (Deuteronomy 2:10; 6:9) That’s what happened to a few of our brothers who were destroyed by Satan’s fathers. The way he puts his hands on us is not a small matter, and it is the same thing that happens to all Jehovah’s faithful servants. (Matt. 24:9; Deuteronomy 12:9-12) That’s why it’s so wonderful that Jehovah sends his angels to put us in such a position that our fathers can overpower us. —Heb. 1:7, 14.

(Proverbs 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) However, today, we don’t expect Jehovah to help us through every challenge we face. Satan is surely trying to convince us that we are falling for him because we are falling for him. Therefore, if Jehovah helps us through every challenge we face, it will convince people and angels that Satan’s lies are true. (Job 1:10, 11) Those who are subjected to persecution by Jehovah’s servants are “a lot of trouble,” because he wants to stand in his name and make everyone know that Satan is a thief. (Rom. 9:22) It may be late in his time, but soon enough, Jehovah will take action to put an end to all persecution. Thankfully, when that day comes, Jehovah will give us the strength we need to overcome the persecution we are facing and to break our bonds with him.—1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

WHAT WILL GOD DO ABOUT THIS?

18 When the Great Tribulation is over, Jehovah will take away the spirit of his people. Will he take away ours, too? If the enemy attacks Jehovah’s servants, he won’t let us go. (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Instead, he will cause Jesus Christ and his army to defeat our fathers. This will lead to Armageddon. (Deut. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) When will Jehovah take away his people at Armageddon?

19 Let us not be discouraged by the destruction that will befall Jehovah’s people at Armageddon. Why? Because we have made Jehovah our friend and partner.

16. (a) What kind of confidence does Jehovah give his servants? (b) What does Jehovah do for his servants?

17. Why can we be sure that whatever obstacle we encounter, Jehovah will save us?

18. How will Jehovah punish us in the future?

19-20. Why shouldn’t the destruction of Jehovah’s people at Armageddon inspire us? (See also the chapter.)

6

ANNOUNCEMENT

When Jesus and his angels destroy this world at Armageddon, even one of God’s angels will be there to take his place. But at that time, because we rely on Jehovah, he will allow our angels to take one of us.

(Jer. 25:33; Zach. 14:12) At that time, however, because of our trust in Jehovah, whether our fathers were wicked or human, he will make it impossible for them to punish any of us.—Luke 21:28; 2 Peter 2:9.

20 When Armageddon comes, the words that the Lord spoke to the wicked might inspire us. He said: “The earth is near to you, and the sea is near to your feet, but you are not. I have set your heart to watch, and you have seen the destruction of wickedness. Because you have said, ‘Jehovah is my friend,’ you have made the Sorcerer your servant.” (Deut. 91:7-9) As Armageddon approaches, we can expect that Jehovah will give each one of us spiritual and physical peace, and that he will give us peace as well. Because you have said, “The LORD is my friend,” the LORD commands you, “You are my friend.” So let’s see what will happen in the future. If we turn to the LORD and he finds it bad, he will turn away from us.

CONSIDER THE FUTURE: When Armageddon is over, Jehovah will remove our fears and our fears of anything else, and he will give us peace.

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ What blessings does Psalm 91 tell us that Jehovah will give us?

■ How does Jehovah treat us today?

■ How will Jehovah continue to punish us?

CHAPTER 8 Jehovah Is Our Protector

NOVEMBER 9-15, 2026

DWOM 36 We Give Ourselves Up

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

What helps us to devote ourselves with all our heart is to Jehovah.

How We Can Help Our Neighbors Become Closer to Jehovah

‘He died for your sakes.’—ROM. 6:17.

When there was an EBINOM, it was because of their position that they were obeying a ruler or elder. When there was an AFOROM, it was because they felt that people were overseeing them, or that they were observing the laws, and they were obeying the laws. In Jesus’ time, the priests thought that they were obeying God’s laws in order to be obedient to people, and some of them are still. (Matt. 23:5) One of the reasons we are obeying Jehovah is because we believe that his covenant will help us in all our encounters. (Isaiah 48:17, 18) When we feel that we are obeying God, that is a great reason for us to do so.

(Matt. 22:37, 38) The work we do for him is why we “put our hearts into him.” (Rom. 6:17) Therefore, the commands that Jehovah gives us, whether it be to be silent, to be silent, to be looked after, or to be in the presence of anyone, we obey because we love him. However, our hearts are different, so we may not always feel the urge to obey Jehovah’s commands. In this chapter, we will look at two examples from the Bible that will help us keep our hearts in love with Jehovah at all times. For example, look at what the Israelites did when Jehovah led them out of Egypt. Later, we will look at a specific example of Jehoshaphat, King of Judah.

WE WERE IN OSETIA AND THERE WAS A WAR THAT WE WERE OUT OF

3 When Jehovah brought Israel out of Egypt, he made a covenant with them, which he could do for them:

1. Why do some people hate elders or unlearned people?

2. What is the main reason we love Jehovah?

3. Why did Jehovah’s command to the Israelites to put animal blood on their clothing lead them to obey? (See also the footnote.)

8

The Israelites obeyed Jehovah’s commandments because the Egyptians could eat them. (See paragraph 3.)

(Ex. 12:5, 7) Every Israelite who obeyed the covenant would be punished by God for any man or animal who was a stranger in his land. However, the Israelites could indicate that they knew that if they obeyed the commandment, the Egyptians would do something to them. Why? The Egyptians must have taken it very seriously. (Ex. 8:25-27) Although the Israelites were not very attentive, they understood the importance of obeying Jehovah, and as Jehovah had told them, “they did so.” (Ex. 12:28) As a result of their obedience, Jehovah made every one of them a blessing.

4 And it came to pass that night, when the children of Israel came out of Egypt, that the LORD commanded them, saying, Pass over by the Red Sea in the midst of the desert. And he commanded them, saying, Put your faces between the Red Sea and the midst of the desert: and if Pharaoh and his host should come upon you, you should pass over in the midst of the desert. And they did that which the LORD commanded the children of Israel by Moses. (Ex. 14:1-4) However, when the Israelites realized that the Egyptians were following them, they “began to fear,” and they told Moses that he would go with them and put them to death. (Ex. 14:5-11) Why did the Assyrians, who had been treated as slaves, do this to them? What did Jehovah see in what they did?

5 When the Israelites crossed the Red Sea, they “did not obey Jehovah’s commandments,” or “did not take heed” to his love for them. (Read Psalm 106:7.) When the Egyptians were struck by the great plague, Jehovah gave the Israelites a ban on their children and livestock, and the Israelites were overjoyed. Because they knew how much Jehovah loved them, they believed that he could easily save them. Jehovah knew that they were wicked, so he took him as an idol. That is why the Lord said, ‘They did evil in the Yellow Sea.’ When they followed Moses to the shore of the Yellow Sea, they turned away from the Lord; they went and rebelled against the Lord.

4. When the Israelites came out of Egypt, what promise did Jehovah make to those who were in need?

5. Why did Jehovah punish Israel? (Proverbs 106:7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 9

(Deut. 106:21, 24-26) What can we learn from what they did? Jehovah’s love for the Israelites was so great that he allowed not one of them to enter the Promise Covenant. (Deut. 106:21, 24-26)

ASOƆDEN A ISRAELFO NO YƐE NO, SUA BIIBI FI MU

6 If Jehovah or those who do things give us a covenant, we may ask ourselves: “Is it because it is helpful that we obey the covenant?” Or, “Is it because we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey the covenant that we obey?” 12:36) Later, when the Egyptians realized that they were going to be destroyed, they lost faith in Jehovah’s power to save them, and they turned to idols. (Ex. 14:10-12) We don’t want to follow the example of the Israelites. If Jehovah or those who are in charge of things give us a covenant, we’ll take advantage of it and obey it. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) If we feel that the covenant has a flaw or that we’re doing something that will make our fathers angry, we’ll take care of ourselves. How can we take care of ourselves and follow the example of the Israelites?

7 Be strong in your love for the LORD. If the congregation of the LORD gives us a commandment to follow, or if we find that it is helpful to us, or if we find that it is helpful to us,

(1 John 5:3) Our service to Jehovah leads us to wait patiently for things to happen. Eventually, we will find that it was worthwhile for us to do so. —Proverbs 7:8; Micah 7:7.

8 Also, when we receive a commandment that requires us to do something, or when we see how it might help us, we take it seriously. For example, during the outbreak of COVID-19, our congregation was instructed to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the commandment to adhere to the command The members of our congregation have grown in faith, and this has made us feel very comfortable.” Let’s take a good example. As the year 2020 approaches its end, the Ministry of the Holy Spirit has made a plan. They say that the elders and congregations that use the national language as their language of worship, they will cut some, and they will make others go to the elderly congregations. One elder in Japan, who was also involved in the plan, said: “I want to be a missionary, and I don’t want to go against the plan. I believe that this service will bring great benefits.”

9 Be careful of thyself, that thou mayest rise up: for now is the time when we ought to increase ourselves in preaching the gospel: if we do so, that henceforth people may rise up against us, let us be careful of ourselves, that we may preach the gospel which is acceptable unto all men.

6. How will we be helped if we have great faith in Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:4)

7. How will it help us to develop our love for Jehovah?

8. What did two brothers do to show that they wanted to serve Jehovah?

9. What can we do to prepare ourselves for the resurrection? (See also the footnote.)

10 SEPTEMBER

(Matt. 24:14) However, in the midst of the great turmoil, what we say may be too much, and we may be trying to make people believe that they will follow other people, or that they will follow God’s Kingdom. Jehovah’s servants will take great pride in what we say, because it will feel like a great “shock” to them.* (Ed. 16:21) They feared Jehovah and his people as much as Pharaoh feared the Israelites in the Red Sea. Therefore, regardless of what people say, we should listen to Jehovah and go out and preach at this time. By doing so, we are preparing ourselves for his resurrection.

SUASUA OSETIE AND THE HEART OF YEHOSAFAT

10 There are many examples in the Bible of people who made a difference. One of them is

* See “A Message to Readers” in the August 2025 issue of the Watchtower.

10. What did King Jehoshaphat do when some men declared themselves kings of Judah?

If you are Jehoshaphat, do you think he likes you? So if he likes Jehoshaphat and his enemies, it’s his fault. (2 Kings 20:1-3) The king knew that he did not like Jehoshaphat, but Jehovah showed him what to do. Let’s look at how Jehoshaphat turned away from Jehovah, and what we can learn from it.

11 Be determined to seek Jehovah’s guidance and obey him. When Jehoshaphat was told, “he set his heart to seek Jehovah.” (2 Kings 20:3) Jehoshaphat was determined to seek Jehovah’s guidance in everything he did. (2 Kings 19:3) So when his fathers told him that they were going to invade Judah, he understood that it was time for him to seek Jehovah and obey his guidance. He prayed to Jehovah with all his heart. (Read 2 Proverbs 20:5, 6, 10-12.) Likewise, when we face a challenge, we can pray to Jehovah to seek his guidance and obey him. And we should be confident that he will help us. By doing so, we are following the example of Jehoshaphat.—Deut. 119:112.

11. When Jehoshaphat was told, what did he do? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

If we are steadfast, we will prepare ourselves for the trials that are likely to come. (See paragraph 9.)

11

Congregation elders worship Jehovah, the congregation, and the elders of their congregation (See paragraph 16)

12 Study the Bible. The example of Jehoshaphat shows that he knew God’s Word very well. Jehovah had promised Abraham that he would give him the promised land. As that promise came true, Jehoshaphat accepted it. (Gen. 12:7) The example of Jehoshaphat is similar to Solomon’s prayer at the dedication of the temple. (2 Pet. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) The example of Jehoshaphat inspired him to turn his face toward Jehovah and pray for him to fulfill his promises. Ours, our prayer is to go to Jehovah and pray for him to fulfill his promises. (Matt. 13:52) In this way, whatever challenge we face, we will be able to overcome it in order to fulfill Jehovah’s promises.

13 Take care of yourself. The prayer of Jehoshaphat also shows that he was determined. As a king with a large army, he couldn’t have been more determined to show that he needed Jehovah’s help. However, he was determined to pray in the presence of all the people, asking Jehovah to help them, because they knew what they were doing. (2 Sam. 20:12) Because Jehoshaphat was determined, when Jehovah gave him the command, he was quick to do the work. Similarly, if we take care of ourselves, we will succeed in every task.—Philip. 2:5, 8.

12. What can we do to make ourselves appeal to Jehovah?

13. How does self-control help us?

14 Then, while others were watching, Jehovah spoke to Jehoshaphat’s prayer through the prophet Jahaziel. He gave Jehoshaphat an earlier commandment that it was not the people of the nations that he was to serve. The prophet Jahaziel said to them: “Turn yourselves around, stand still, and see how Jehovah has made a covenant with you.” The Bible says that it was there that Jehoshaphat “set his face toward the earth.” By doing so, all the nations “set their faces... toward Jehovah.” As a result, Jehoshaphat and his men prepared to meet their fathers. He told the people, “Know Jehovah” and “the faith of his prophets.”—2 Kings 20:14-20.

15 Because of his great faith, Jehoshaphat “made the people rise up,” and he sent men to sing before “his chiefs.” (2 Sam. 20:21) Moreover, the people knew about his decision before he took it. What he did helped his servants turn away from Jehovah, and they became obedient. Jehovah also blessed them, so that the chiefs took them alone and destroyed them.—2 Sam. 20:22-24.

14. What did Jehoshaphat do according to the commandment of the LORD, and what did he say to the nations?

15. What did Jehoshaphat do that showed that he had great faith?

12 SEPTEMBER

16 Elders in the congregation, parents, and those who are concerned about things can all follow the example of Jehoshaphat. The sincerity of his heart helped his opponents to become sincere too. This can be compared to what King Solomon did. When Solomon worshiped Jehovah, he prayed to Jehovah to give him integrity so that he could overcome his opponents. He wanted to use Jehovah’s judgment to judge the nation. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Likewise, Jehoshaphat took his time to listen to God’s servants. Then he and his opponents stood up before he made an important decision, and he encouraged them to obey Jehovah’s commandments. The elders of the congregation followed Jehoshaphat. So before they made any decision concerning the congregation, they searched for the word of God in the Bible and the congregational journals to seek Jehovah's commandment. And they called the elders of the congregation to adwen-

(Deuteronomy 15:22) They use their language and manners to encourage God’s people to worship Jehovah with all their heart. Parents should also show that their children care about them, so that if they worship Jehovah, they will want their children to do the same.—Deuteronomy 1:8; 14:1.

17 Wherever we find ourselves in difficulty, we should turn to Jehovah, seek his guidance, and follow it. If we do so, he will guide us. As he did to his people in ancient times, he continues to guide his servants through the Bible and the elders of the congregation today. We must follow the guidance given to us, whether it be in terms of how we should behave or how we should help ourselves. We say that Jehovah’s guidance and power are ours alone. (Isaiah 55:9) So let us turn to Jehovah with all our heart and soul.

16. What can parents and elders do to help their children follow the example of Jehoshaphat? —1 Kings 3:9. (See also the footnote.)

17. Why should we devote ourselves to Jehovah at all times?

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ What can we learn from the courage that the Israelites showed when they came out of Egypt?

■ What did Jehoshaphat do that showed that he had “a humble heart”?

■ How can we imitate Jehoshaphat?

DWOM 88 Tell Me W’akwan

NOVEMBER 16-22, 2026

We Reveal the Word in the “Celebration of the Father’s Day”

DWOM 84 Helping the Work

Let’s look at how Jehovah’s Witnesses are fulfilling the prophecy in Zechariah 8:23.

“All the people who speak the word of the Lord are more than one Jew in number.”—SAC. 8:23.

(Gen. 11:6-9) Jehovah had predicted that he would bring “a great multitude that no man can count, from all tribes and families and peoples and nations,” and that he would send them into the great calamity to the end of the world. (Deut. 7:9, 10, 14) In the face of the great calamity, how could those who spoke a strange language believe that Jehovah would help them? Let’s say that we were sent to preach the gospel to them in their native language. (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) It is a great pleasure to know that we are doing this promised work.

2 Many centuries before the apostle John translated the book of Revelation, Jehovah sent the prophet Zechariah to prophesy that “many men will turn to Jehovah, and they will become his sons.” (Zechariah 2:11) Later, Zechariah predicted: “What the Lord of the congregation says is, ‘At that time all the people of the land who speak the language of the prophets will be gathered together.’...

1. Why is it so important to preach the gospel in many different languages? (Romans 10:13, 14)

2. What did Jehovah do to the prophet Zechariah?

14

We have heard that God has spoken of you.’” (Zac. 8:23) Now, this prophecy applies to children. Let’s look at what each of us can do to make the prophecy come true.

WE REQUEST THE SECURITY COMMISSION TO DECIDE “WHAT WE WILL DO WITH THE OURSELVES AND WHAT WILL WE DO WITH THE OURSELVES AND WHAT WILL WE DO WITH THE OURSELVES AND THE OURSELVES AND THE OURSELVES AND THE OURSELVES AND THE OURSELVES AND THE OURSELVES AND THE OURSELVES AND THE OURSELVES AND THE OURSELVES AND THE OURSELVES AND THE OUR

3 The prophecy of Zechariah’s “Judah” refers to those who are inspired by God’s Holy Spirit, and the Bible calls them “God’s Israel.” (Gal. 6:16) These disciples are eager to go to heaven. (Heb. 3:1) Are the prophecy’s “people” also eager to go to hell? They are hypocrites who are eager to inherit the earth in Paradise. They live on different kinds of food, and the language they speak is different.

4 When Christ sent “the faithful young man and his wife” in 1919, they realized that it was necessary to carry out a major work. In order to do so, they needed to translate the Bible into many languages. (Matt. 24:45) The Bible Students watched a video about worship in many countries. They called the video “The Photo-Drama of Creation.” The faithful young men felt that it was necessary to keep up with their time. For example, in 1921, they took a Bible study magazine and called it The Harp of God. Today, it is translated into 36 languages. In 1935, the faithful believers realized that a “great multitude” of people would come to the earth every year. These people were known as the “people who speak all the languages of the world.” This made the leaders of the time realize that they needed to go and preach the good news to many people. So they planned to spread the word throughout the earth. This would fulfill the prophecy of Zechariah.

“YOU ARE THE LORD OUR GOD”

5 When they went out to preach, they met many people who spoke foreign languages. As Isaiah foretold, many people from all over the world believed that they would come to Jehovah to have his word translated to them. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) Therefore, God’s people “give themselves up completely” so that they could speak to these people. One way we do this is by translating the Bible into their own language, listening, and then asking for help. (Deut. 68:11; 110:3) In the future, we will create the jw.org website and the JW Library® app.

6 We are grateful for the help we receive from our faithful brothers and sisters, who are more than 1,000,000 in number. One way we show that we are grateful for the help we receive from our faithful brothers and sisters is by giving a small contribution to our worldwide ministry. Because of this small contribution, and the efforts of our faithful brothers and sisters, we are able to publish Bible studies in more than 1,100 languages, which means that more than 100,000 people are helped every year.

7 For it is true that the men of the world are

3. Are the “Judaeans” and “the kings” of whom Zechariah prophesies related to whom?

4. When Christ called the “faithful and faithful” in 1919, what did they think they should do?

5-6. How does Isaiah 2:2-4 apply to us today? (See also the footnote.)

7. What does the story of Zechariah and John teach us when we look at what is happening in the future? (Revelation 14:6)

SEPTEMBER 2026 15

The example of the faithful elder and his wife shows us how people who speak a different language than ours can be helpful. (See paragraphs 5-6.)

The angels have sent us to preach “the good news” to “all that dwell on the earth, to every nation, and tribe, and language, and people.” (Read Proverbs 14:6.) When we look back at the events of the days of Zechariah and John, and at the situation of the world today, we can be sure that all the great prophecies of the Bible will come true. Moreover, we can be confident that God’s church will continue to spread the good news.

(Acts 2:4-10) Why did Jesus give his disciples the power to speak in their own language? Of course, he wanted them to speak “the gospel of the works of God” to the crowd in their own language. (Acts 2:11) In addition, when we translate our sermons and video recordings into many languages, we are witnessing to people. In a way, we are teaching them in their own language.

⁹ It is very important that people preach the gospel in their own language. Let us consider this example. Imagine that you are traveling to a foreign country, and you have a serious illness, and you need to see a doctor. Sadly, you don't know the language of the doctor, and you need someone to tell you what the doctor says. In the same way, today, some people are suffering from anxiety; because of their anxiety, they need someone to tell them what to do.

HOW GOD REPRESENTS HIMSELF IN YOUR LIFE

8 At Pentecost 33, Jehovah made a manifestation to show that, as He had made all people settle in Babylon, He would-

8. What did Jehovah do at Pentecost A.D. 33?

9. How can we testify to people whose language we speak?

16 SEPTEMBER

When we meet someone who doesn’t understand the language we’re speaking, we can use the Bible to give him or her comfort and encouragement. To help us do this, we’re providing audio, video, and printed materials in many languages.

10 How can we use our newspaper and the JW Library app to help others? Let’s take a look at an example from Robert, who speaks English. When he was giving a testimony, he met a man from Turkey who worked in a supermarket. Robert gave the man a copy of The Word of God! newspaper in Turkish. Robert liked the contents of the newspaper so much that he gave him a copy of the newspaper to read. The boy asked questions about events in the world, and Robert used the JW Library app to read the answers in Turkish. The man was surprised and said, “Well, why would you choose my native language?” Robert says: “We talked for about a week. At the end of the talk, he realized that the Bible was a very interesting book, and that it could help him understand the content of the Bible.” We are very excited to help people read the Bible in their native language.

11 If you send someone a letter or write something to them on the jw.org website in their native language, you’ll be amazed at how much it can help them. So you can be sure that if you meet someone who doesn’t speak your language, you’ll use that as evidence.

10-11. What did a young man named Robert learn from Jesus? What did a young man named Robert learn from Jesus? What did a young man named Robert learn from Jesus? What did a young man named Robert learn from Jesus?

The Transparent Life of the New and Old Testament

Ná Ɔne Anigye Abɔ Nsianho Nanso Onyaa Anidaso

Youa is the mother of a young man who was traveling to the United States with his father, and who had no idea how to help his son. He didn’t speak English; he only spoke Hmong. His wife’s sons were not interested in any of the things the Bible said about him. He said: “And my joy and peace grew greater.” One day, an English-speaking young man sent him a letter entitled Asetra in the Hmong Bible. The Bible verses he read in the letter made him think of anything like that. These words made him very excited; he knew that tomorrow there would be a father waiting for him. She kept the papers in her closet for many years. She used to read them, but she didn’t want her husband to know about them. One day, one of her parents saw the truth, and they took Youa to a Hmong-language service. They arranged for her to read the Bible. The papers in her mother’s language helped her to see Jehovah, and she began to obey him.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17

WE ARE THE ONE THAT HAS BEEN BELIEVED THAT WE ARE GOD'S CHILDREN

12 Today, people have come to the Bible.* Bible translators have worked hard to make it possible for many people to read in their native languages. As a result, today we all have the power to read God’s word in our native languages. A few years ago, one publication that helps Jehovah’s servants around the world to be united was Written in Kronkron—The Father’s Translation of the Bible. Consider what a congregational leader in Nepal said about the translation: “Every time I read the Bible in my native language, I feel like Jehovah himself is helping me. We have translated all or part of the Holy Father’s Translation of the Bible into more than 300 languages. Because Jehovah’s servants around the world use this translation of the Bible, we share a common interest. And because each of us speaks a different language, we all teach the same wording of the Bible. The translation we use must be accurate and up-to-date. (1 Cor. 1:10) However, there are many things in the Holy Father’s Translation of the Bible that make it up-to-date.

13 Not all available Bible translations contain the name of God, Jehovah. However, the Holy Father’s Translation of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures

* By about 150 A.D., a complete translation of the Hebrew Scriptures into Greek had been completed; this is known as the Greek Septuagint. This was the most widely used translation of the Bible in that language.

12. How does the New World Translation help Jehovah’s people?

13. Why Does God’s Name Appear in Many Versions of the Bible?

100,000 years ago, it was not uncommon to find the name of Jehovah in the Bible manuscripts, especially in the Hebrew Scriptures. Christian priests who claimed to be God’s servants used the name Jehovah. They also did not want people to be confused, and they refused to give it. Catholic priests said they removed God’s name from all their Bibles and their manuscripts.* That’s why many manuscripts were removed. According to the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, as a result of the language of the translation, the place where God’s name Jehovah was written was removed. Why is it important for people to know God’s name? Let’s see.

14 The Bible shows us how important it is to use God’s name when we pray. For example, Psalm 135:1 tells us to “do the name of Jehovah.” Jesus, instructing his disciples how to pray to Jehovah, said: “Remember your name,” and his father prayed: “Let your name be known.” (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) The apostle Paul also quoted the prophet Joel: “Whoever calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved.” (Rom.

15 Jehovah’s Witnesses are the only organization in the world

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI decreed in the Catholic Church that, when worshipping, singing, or praying, “the name of God should not be used.” See also The Observer, October 1, 1997, pp. 16-18, 4-8.

14. Why is it necessary for people to know God’s name and use it?

15. What can we learn from God’s name, Jehovah?

18 SEPTEMBER

Today, the world has a Bible that we have translated into their native language. This helps us to celebrate the greatness of God’s name and to recognize the importance of devoting ourselves to him. It is great for us to know God’s name and what it means.—Proverbs 18:10; Isaiah 56:6.

16 The Bible tells us that soon Jehovah, “the Lord of all forces,” will be seen. (Deuteronomy 16:14) At that time, those who hate Jehovah and put their trust in him will be punished by Jehovah. (Deuteronomy 9:10; read John 17:3.) Those who think that Jehovah is not their Father and their God will learn that he is the Lord of all things when Jehovah declares himself. Jehovah will say: “I will make my name great, and I will make my name great in the sight of many people, that they may know that I am Jehovah.” 38:23) At that time, Jehovah’s servants were very confident because they believed in Jehovah as their savior and protector.—Mal. 3:16.

16. Why is it so important that people know Jehovah today? (John 17:3)

17 We have a great opportunity to make the prophecy in Zechariah 8:23 come true. It is not only our brothers and sisters who have the opportunity to do so, but also the enemy angels who are in the sky. Jehovah has appointed them to preach the good news to all the people who speak different languages throughout the earth. Jehovah has provided us with everything we need to preach the good news to people of all races, tribes, and languages. So let us make good use of this opportunity. This will help many people to come to know Jehovah our God, who is merciful, kind, and gracious. Thanks to the use of Jehovah’s name, let us continue to preach the good news and to spread his name to all people.—Luke 11:2.

17. How does Jehovah know us?

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ Who are the “Judahs” and “the kings” mentioned in Zechariah 8:23?

■ What makes it possible for people who speak a foreign language to understand Jehovah better?

■ Why is it necessary for people to use Jehovah’s name?

HOWTO 57 Speak the Word to People

NOVEMBER 23-29, 2026

DWOM 107 Project Overview

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

The priestly order of Jehovah, as it helps us to understand it.

How the Priestly Organization Works When Jehovah Works for Us

“Every high priest who is appointed from among men is appointed a priest from among men.”—HEBREWS 5:1.

(Ephesians 2:12; Colossians 1:21) Because of this, it seems that there is a huge gap between us and God, and if someone knew who we are, we wouldn’t be able to bear it. If Jehovah is in our hearts, we enjoy every moment of our lives. And we enjoy every moment of our lives, and we use ourselves accordingly. What does Jehovah do to help us?

2 Jehovah does something to save us from evil, and that thing is the priesthood. It was a system that served the ancient Israelites, and served the early Christians. It is still in use today. In this chapter, we’ll look at how the faithful men and women who served the ancient Israelites served the priesthood. We’ll also look at how the priesthood serves us today, and how it will continue to help us in the future. We’ll also look at how the priesthood shows how much love Jehovah has for us.

1. Why do all human beings need animals for sustenance?

2. What will we consider in this chapter?

20

It creates a great bond between us and the Lord; the priesthood system becomes a breach of our covenant (see paragraph 3).

SƐNEA ASƆFO BOAA TETE ISRAELFO NO

3 The apostle Paul explains why God appointed the High Priest to Israel. (Read Hebrews 5:1.) God wanted to help the Israelites become his people. The High Priest was someone who “worked for God among men.” So those who wanted to be obedient to God had the High Priest and the priests as their guides.

4 The priests taught the Israelites to worship the two altars of the LORD in a way that pleased him. First, the priests were God's servants who taught the people. What did they do? Malachi 2:7 says: "The priest must be a man of knowledge, and the people seek the law of his hands. The reason for this is that he is the apostle of the congregation of the LORD." Therefore, it was difficult for the priests to teach the law of Moses to the Israelites, and they were given away. For example, in the time of Nehemiah, Leviticus 13 taught Ezra the priest to teach the law to the people. They taught the people in a timely manner, and they encouraged them to take note of what they were reading. This encouraged the Israelites to put God’s laws into practice and to obey them.—Nehemiah 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Secondly, the priests made the people of Israel forgive the people of Israel for their sins. What did they do? They offered animal sacrifices to make forgiveness for the people of Israel. The Israelites thought they were too wicked, so they needed to be forgiven. (Deuteronomy 51:9) That is why Jehovah gave them priests who offered animal sacrifices for them. If the Israelites who were willing to be faithful to Jehovah felt that Jehovah had forgiven their sins, do you know how much more they would be relieved?

3. As we learn from Hebrews 5:1, how did the priests instruct the Israelites to worship Jehovah? (See also the footnote.)

4. What did the priests in the presence of God do for the Israelites?

5. When did the priests who lived in Israel tell the nations to keep their bonds with Jehovah? What do we learn about Jehovah?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

He loves, respects, and cares for his servants, and ultimately, wants them to live forever.

THE TIME GOD GOT HIS WORSHIP, THE TIME HE GOT THEIR WORSHIP, AND THE TIME HE GOT THEIR WORSHIP

6 Jehovah wants his people to be at peace with him forever. That’s why, before Israel became a nation, tribes offered sacrifices for themselves and their families. For example, when Noah came out of the ark, he offered sacrifices to Jehovah. (Gen. 8:20) Abraham also built an altar and offered on it to Jehovah. (Gen. 12:7, 8) Job also offered burnt offerings for his sons. (Job 1:5) That’s why, if you look at the Bible, some priests were appointed before the Levites became priests in Israel. Jehovah told the Israelites that “the priests or tribes who are always in the presence of Jehovah should stand up, and Jehovah would help them.”—Ex. 19:22.

7 The oldest priest in the Bible is Melchizedek. (Gen. 14:18) He was also a king. Jehovah promised that if the Messiah were to be born, he would be a king and a priest like Melchizedek, and that everyone would have an eternal portion of his kingdom.—Deut. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 As we have seen, when the LORD brought the Israelites out of Egypt, he made them priests, and he gave them the Law of Moses. The Law instructed the priests how to do their work. The LORD appointed Aaron, Moses’ nephew, to be the chief priest, and said, “Whoever will be the chief priest or the priest in Aaron’s place, let him be.” (Ex. 40:12-15) The chief priest offered sacrifices for the people, and the Levites who were appointed as priests offered sacrifices for the poor of the people. The LORD made a covenant with the people concerning the offerings, the reasons for which they were offered, and the manner in which they were offered. This plan is something that will happen in the future.

9 When Jesus was born, he was to become the High Priest in the great spiritual temple of Jehovah. (Heb. 8:1) Now, Jesus has offered his wonderful promise to atone for our sins. The offerings that the priests made for the Israelites were replaced by Jesus’ sacrifice. Jesus was the High Priest at all times, and he is regarded as the bread on which we serve God. (Heb. 9:24) The 144,000 who were chosen will accept us as the followers of Jesus as priests and ministers in the Kingdom of God. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) If they do so, they will be God’s and Christ’s servants in the work of helping the rulers of mankind to enter into God’s kingdom and make the earth a paradise. We look forward to the time when they will be able to do that work!

10 From time immemorial, Jehovah has established a priestly system for His servants to serve Him and to have a close relationship with Him. The priests’ offerings made the Israelites aware of their need for redemption. In the Last Days of Christ, Jesus and the 144,000 will serve as priests to help all people gain access to the kingdom. How does this system help us to love Jehovah? Let’s take a look at one example.

6. In the past, what was the work of the clans, which were similar to the priests?

7. Who was Melchizedek, and how was he the Messiah?

8. What was the arrangement of the priesthood in the Law of Moses?

9-10. What will be said about Jesus in the Book of Revelation?

22 SEPTEMBER

THE SECOND ASSOCIATION OF GOD'S WORSHIP FOR THE WORSHIP OF GOD

11 The priestly order shows us that Jehovah wants us to be faithful to him and to make him our God. Although evil makes our relationship with God worse, he wants us to be closer to him. Jehovah wants us to be faithful to him, so he took us away, made us human and saved us. (2 Cor. 5:18) He knows that it is not our fault that we are creatures; it is our fault that Adam made us evil. He is kind to us, and he wants to help each one of us to make our relationship with him better. If we turn away from all our sins, it encourages us to love Jehovah greatly.

(1 John 2:1; see Hebrews 7:25.) When Jesus looks at you, what things will he probably look at? He may look at your place of residence, your education, your employment, and the wealth you may have. He may also look at how much you do, and how faithful you are to Jehovah. Because Jesus knows that our prayers are made for the sake of the Lord, he takes great care of our prayers. He also takes great care of our efforts to do what we want, and he may even look at our efforts to do what we want. Therefore, if Jesus prays for us, we can be sure that Jehovah will forgive us, because his mercy increases, and we can be sure that he will forgive our sins. (Deut. 86:5) The truth is that Jehovah sent Jesus to be our Savior.

13 For the ordinance of the priests teacheth us,

11. How does the priestly order show that Jehovah wants us to follow him and serve him as human beings?

12. What comfort does it give us to know that Jesus is the High Priest who has been ordained for us? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also the chapter.)

13. According to Hebrews 4:16, what is the reason why the priestly order was abolished?

When our Savior, Jesus Christ, cares about us, he takes care of our deeds, our faith in Jehovah, our prayers, and our efforts to do what is right. (See paragraph 12.)

(Read Hebrews 4:16.) Because Jesus is the High Priest, we can openly pray to him whenever we want. If he feels that we are talking to him about something that is deep in our heart, he will be pleased. If we do so, we will show that we have the will and the courage to do it. In other words, sorrow has the power to influence how we speak to him. (Rom. 8:26.) Ultimately, Jehovah has taken care of us, and he has given us our own answers. Therefore, if we have a problem that we want to solve, we shouldn’t wait too long to talk to our Father about it. He certainly loves us, and our words are his words.

14 The priestly system shows that Jehovah wants us to be faithful to him. (Ezek. 33:11) The sacrifices made by God’s servants were intended to atone for people’s great sins. (Heb. 7:19) Moreover, it was in comparison with the ultimate sacrifice that Christ Jesus would make in the future. Because of Jesus’ sacrifice, God’s power overcame our sins. We should be confident that if we faithfully obey Jehovah, we will be saved forever. It is great to know that Jehovah will keep us faithful to this priestly system!—1 John 4:10.

15 Those who are appointed as priests of Jesus show that God loves us. Just as Jesus died for the truth, so should those who are appointed to serve him die for the truth. (Phil. 2:8; Heb. 2:10) We must strive to be faithful to Jehovah in every way possible. Because Jesus and the 144,000 are faithful, we can rest assured that, in the Last Days of Christ, they will help us to get into the kingdom. When the Last Days come to an end, evil, sin, and disease will all be gone. Moreover, those who follow Jesus will see that the whole earth is restored to Paradise, and that all of Jehovah’s promises are fulfilled. In the end, it is Jesus’ redemptive sacrifice that will accomplish this.—Genesis 22:1, 2.

16 In every opportunity we have, our Savior Jesus takes care of us, because when he was on earth, he took care of us. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Is there a day when you feel like you’re doing something wrong? Do you think Jesus did that too? (John 4:6) Do you feel like you’re being overwhelmed by a storm or a thunderstorm? And Jesus knows how it feels. (Matthew 4:2; John 19:28) Are you being attacked or tweeted because you’re a Jehovah’s Witness? Jesus, too, did that. (Isaiah 50:6; John 15:20) Or do you feel like you’re going to lose a friend? Jesus also suffered; he lost his brother Lazarus, and it seems that his father Joseph also suffered. Whatever happened to you, whatever happened to you, you can rest assured that our Savior Jesus is with you and cares for you.

17 Those hundred and forty-four thousand who are going to follow Jesus, and who are going to be brought up to the kingdom, they are also going to follow us. Why? For they were at one time children and men of evil and sin, just as we are. So they went up, just as we knew that the power of our superiors was upon us.

14. What is the meaning of the offering that Jesus made?

15. What does the Scripture tell us about those whom Jehovah appointed to be priests over Jesus?

16. What do the words in Hebrews 4:15 say about Jesus’ importance as our Savior?

17. How do we know that those who have hurt us will take care of us?

24 SEPTEMBER

The 144,000 will be able to see where each of them came from, when they arrived, when they left, and how much each of them contributed to their contributions. Therefore, no matter what you contributed, the 144,000 will be able to see how much each of them contributed to their contributions.

18 The priestly system that we follow shows us that Jehovah is loving, merciful, and is with us. Satan does give us a blow, but Jehovah does not. (Deuteronomy 12:10) This example shows us what Jehovah does to make us willing to forgive our sins. It shows that Jehovah loves us, and he is willing to forgive our sins. Therefore, we should do our best to forgive him.

19 This example helps us to understand that if we sometimes feel that our sins are justified, we can rest assured that Jehovah is looking after us, because he knows that we are wicked. (Deut. 103:14) He doesn’t care about what we think, but what we think about ourselves and what we can do in the future. So if our thoughts make us feel that we are wrong, let us say that Jehovah “knows our hearts, and knows all things.”—1 John 3:20.

20 We have learned that it is in the interest of the Lord to use the priesthood in a way that is pleasing to Him. We trust that the Lord has made the priesthood for us. It must be used as a breadth to which we can adhere. So let us apply the advice in Hebrews 4:16, which says, “Let us be submissive to those who are superior to us, showing compassion, and showing a willingness to help us in time of need.”

18. What does the priesthood show us about Jehovah’s will, and how does it affect us?

19. How do we feel that Jehovah cares about us?

20. Why did Jehovah dislike the priestly order, and what would you like to do?

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ How does the priestly system lead us to worship God in a way that pleases Him?

■ How does Jehovah use priests to serve today?

■ How did the priesthood help you become closer to Jehovah?

ARTICLE 16 Jehovah, His Father, and His Son

NOVEMBER 30-DECEMBER 6, 2026

LORD’S WORSHIP 22 Kingdom Redi Tumi—Ma Emra!

WHAT ADESUA WAS DOING We will look at some of the things that can cause our relationship with Jehovah to break down and how we can deal with them.

Look At The “Wise Ones” Answers

“All that is in the world... is from the Father.”—1 JOHN 2:16.

The BIBLE tells us that Satan is out of this world. (John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) Many of Christ’s followers have been subjected to his wrath. (Acts 12:12, 13, 17) It seems that wherever we live, Satan is also present. The Bible suggests that many angels, or evil angels, might have been present in the past. It seems that Satan and his wickedness were active. (Acts 12:9) Furthermore, the spirit of the world, which is controlled by Satan, is present everywhere, and has a greater power over human beings than they know. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) Those who believe that Satan actually exists are doing what Satan wants them to do by letting the spirit of the world influence them. In a way, they are doing what Satan wants them to do. —2 Timothy 2:26.

2 In the past, many of us were guided by the spirit of the world. But what did we do when we were guided by the spirit of the world? Because we want to be guided by Jehovah’s spirit, we use the Bible proverb that says, “Let evil and the world’s lusts guide you.” —Titus 2:11, 12.

1. How does Satan manipulate people today? (1 John 2:15, 16) 2-3. (a) What causes those who love Jehovah to be more cautious than those who have “the spirit of knowledge”? (b) Why should we be careful?

26

The spirit of temptation is an evil impulse, and it is unlikely that we will accept it. (See paragraph 5.)

(James 4:7, 8) In addition, Jehovah’s servants need to be prepared to fight against the spirit of the world, so that we may be able to live in harmony with God.

3 Because we were born in sin, we are subject to sin, so we need to be careful. If we do so, the evil things that people do in the world can cause us to be tempted by them. In fact, some of those who believed that they were influenced by the spirit of the world eventually became influenced by the spirit of the world. (Eph. 6:11; Philippians 3:18) This example will help us to know what to do when we are tempted by such things. Let’s consider: When the Bible uses the word “spirit,” what does it mean?—1 Cor. 2:12.

WHAT IS THE “WIASE HONHOM”?

4 The way God-loving people act and behave is what the Bible calls “the spirit of wiseness.” Those who are influenced by the spirit of the world are self-conscious. They often ignore God’s laws and do not want to do what God wants them to do. They do what God wants them to do, not what the “fathers” want them to do.—1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The spirit of guilt is one of the main ways Satan uses to ‘deceive all the inhabitants of the earth.’ (Acts 12:9) The Apostle Paul said:

4. What is “the spirit of wisdom,” and what does it do to people?

5. How does the spirit of the world act as a “devil,” and why should we be careful of ourselves? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also Proverbs.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

(Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) Do you know how important the spirit is? The spirit is everywhere, but if we have evil thoughts, it can make us angry. The spirit of wickedness is also an evil thought; if we have one, it can destroy our relationship with Jehovah. In this article, we’ll look at how we can have evil thoughts when we are angry, and what we can do if we have such thoughts.

NKA KASAFI

6 The Bible predicts that in the end times, people will “be greedy, and will be greedy, and people will be willing to make a deal with them.” (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Can you tell from the way people talk that they are greedy and willing to make a deal with you? For example, sometimes when two people are discussing something, you might think that it’s nothing, but it’s a skirmish or a quarrel; you might hear about it in the newspapers or on the radio. If you go to a family, you’ll see that they are greedy; you might find that the man is greedy for his wife, and the woman is greedy for her husband, and so are the women. And if you meet someone who is an elder, or someone who is a family member, you should be respectful and caring. (Eph. 5:3, 4) If it is not the spirit of the world that leads people to do what is wrong, what is it?

7 As Christians, we need to keep our mouth clean at all times, whether it’s in front of others or in front of ourselves. (James 1:26, 27) To keep our mouth clean, we can ask ourselves the following important questions: ‘If I’m with my brothers and sisters, do I tell those who know I’m a Jehovah’s Witness that I’m abusing them, and if I’m abused, do I tell them? If I’m with my brothers and sisters, do I tell them what’s wrong or what’s right? If I’m abused, do I tell them something? If I ask them what my mouth clean is, what will they say?’

8 What should we do if we see that the spirit of the world is destroying our hearts? We need to be quick to repent. But it is not our hearts that we should look after. Why? Jesus said: “The things that come out of the heart of man, and such things go into man.” (Matt. 15:18) Jesus’ words show that the things that come out of our hearts show what is in our hearts. That is why the Bible says that “abuse” is abuse, not evil, and that which is wrong. (Eph. 4:31) If you find that any of these things are disturbing you, pray to Jehovah that he will help you and guard you against the “other spirit.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) You can also do some research on our website, and you’ll find a lot of helpful information. Make sure you don’t let the spirit of the world destroy your faith or your language.—Ephesians 4:29.

TWE WO HO FI ƆBRAFI HO

9 Now, because the spirit of the world suggests that people do not do what God wants, they say that princes, husbands who love their husbands, or children who love their children, and wickedness are evil. (Isaiah 5:20) So if we look at this, the things that God wants, the spirit of the world suggests that we do not do what God wants.

6. How does the spirit of the world deceive people?

7. What will help us to understand how our mother tongue is?

8. What will help us to make our children grow up? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. What do the spirits of the world make people think about what Jehovah likes?

28 SEPTEMBER

(2 Cor. 11:3) We can easily see that those who do so are thinking wrong, and that the Bible is not accurate. It’s all false! Whatever Jehovah says we can do, it’s ourselves who are helping us. Jehovah only gives, not us, and his word is strong.—Isaiah 48:17, 18; 55:9.

10 If we want to please Jehovah, we must do the things he wants us to do. (Deut. 97:10) To help us do that, we should ask ourselves: ‘Do I feel that Jehovah’s law has bound me so that I can do what I want? Do things that please Jehovah mean that I want to hurt myself? Do I feel that there is something in Jehovah’s law that makes me do what I want to do?’

11 Do you feel that you are doing something that pleases Jehovah? If so, do you think that you cannot ignore Jehovah’s laws? In other words, everyone has his own way; we are all guilty of sin. (Deut. 51:5; 103:14) If you think you want to follow your own desires, you will commit sin. (Eph. 2:3) Also, don’t let your evil desires take over your mind. If you think you are doing something that pleases Jehovah, it will immediately take over your mind and heart. If you are interested in something that pleases Jehovah, it will immediately take over your mind and heart. (Gen. 39:9, 12) If you follow your desire to do something evil, consider how it could damage your relationship with Jehovah and your brothers and sisters, and it will make you feel guilty of doing something like that. (Eph. 5:5) You can rest assured that Jehovah will help you to avoid doing evil.

10. What will help us know that we are doing what Jehovah wants?

11. What will help us follow Jehovah’s will?

PERCENTAGE OF THE INTERNET USE

12 For many of us, the Internet is an important part of our daily lives. Some of the things we do in our lives are influenced by the Internet. However, the things that are on the Internet are the things that the spirit of the world wants us to do. For example, there is a lot of pornography on the Internet, which isn’t something that all adults and women want to watch. People are sending pornographic pictures and videos to their children and grandchildren. And there is a lot of content on the Internet that is regulated by laws and regulations. And there is a lot of content that is ridiculous or disgusting. Instead, what is happening in people’s lives, and what they want to do, is shown in videos and photographs. When we look at such videos and photographs, we may think that if they help us focus our attention, that they will make us feel better, and that they will make us feel better about ourselves, but that’s not true.—Hebrews 10:24, 25.

13 Anything on the Internet that might take up a lot of our time or distract us should be considered carefully. To help us do this, we can ask ourselves these questions: ‘If I’m not going on the Internet for something good and necessary, why do I spend so much time on it?’ (Eph. 5:15, 16) ‘If I go on the Internet, what do I look at? If I see something offensive there, do I immediately turn my back on it?’ (Deut. 119:37) ‘Whatever I see or say on the Internet, does it make me feel better or worse?’

12. How does the spirit of the world prevail on the Internet?

13. How can we make the way we use the Internet appropriate?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

Should I seek the truth?’—Proverbs 14:15.

14 If we want to resist the spirit of the world, we need to take care of ourselves when we are destroying the world on the Internet. We also need to stop watching anything that distracts Christians. In the future, parents should pay close attention to what people see on social media. (Eph. 6:4) Research shows that children and young adults who spend a lot of time on the Internet are less likely to become addicted or mentally ill.

14. How do we collect information on the Internet?

Wubetumi ADI NKONIM!

15 If you know that the spirit of the world is overpowering you, turn away from it immediately. Let us look at Gloria.* When she was young, she was overpowered by the truth, but she made an effort to stand up to the world’s demands. She said, “I wanted to be shy, so I fell from the crowd, but finally the Lord took me down.” When Gloria saw that the spirit of the world was overpowering her, what did she do about it? She said, “I fell from the crowd many times, and I fell from the crowd praying many times.

* We have selected the names of the characters in this list.

15. What did you learn from Gloria’s story? (See also the poem.)

What can you do to resist the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15.)

30 SEPTEMBER

And those who love the LORD, with whom I grew up, with whom I have grown up. Let my heart be comforted, for my relationship with the LORD is great. It seems to me that I am being guided by the spirit of the world, but the LORD is telling me the truth.”

16 Let’s take Robert as an example. When he was going to school, he had a girlfriend. He used to wear things that hurt his soul. He used to lick his face, his lips, his hands, and his feet. He said, “I thought that I could do anything that would make my soul feel good.” He realized that it wasn’t his luck, but the world that made him feel bad. (2 Pet. 2:19) What did he do about it? Robert said: “They who love Jehovah are my girlfriends. They care about me; they care about how I dress and how I look.” What did Robert think? She says: “When I wake up every morning and realize that the way I wear my clothes pleases Jehovah, it makes me feel great, and the joy that it brings me is so great that I can’t even compare it to the joy I had when I was married.”

17 What does this lesson help us understand? We learn that we must resist the spirit of the world. To do so, we need to keep ourselves safe, keep ourselves safe, and be careful when we use the Internet. Although the spirit of the world is strong, we should not be afraid of it because it can be overcome. The reason is that the power of Satan and the evil world is much more powerful when you put your trust in Jehovah. (Read 1 John 4:4.) At that time, Jehovah will give you the holy spirit so that you can overcome the world. (Luke 11:13) Let us all be determined to resist the spirit of the world, and instead let Jehovah’s holy spirit guide us!—Galatians 5:16.

16. What do we learn from Robert’s story?

17. How can you be confident that you can overcome the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ How can we get the “spirit of wisdom” to speak to us in our own language?

■ How can we let the “spirit of wisdom” influence us, but not put ourselves in danger?

■ How can we be guided by the “spirit of wisdom” when we use the Internet?

DWOM 124 Yebedi Okwere Daa

THE NEW WORLD TRIBUTE TO GOD

September 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 10 TWI

THE SYSTEM IN THIS NEWS

Adesua speech at yebesua on November 2-8 | 2

Have Confidence When Jehovah Helps You

Adesua’s Word to Yebesau November 9-15 | 8

How We Can Help Our Neighbors Become Closer to Jehovah

Adesua’s Word to Yebesau November 16-22 | 14

We Reveal the Word in the “Celebration of the Father’s Day”

Adesua’s Word to Yebesau November 23-29 | 20

How the Priestly Organization Works When Jehovah Works for Us

Advances in Bible Study November 30–December 6 | 26

Look At The “Wise Ones” Answers

THE BIBLE IN THE WORLD

“Momma Kristo Asomdwoe Nni Mo Koma So”

Colossians 3:15 talks about “Christ’s peace.” What is that peace? It’s the peace that you feel because you’re a follower of Christ. You feel that peace because you know that Jehovah and his Son Jesus love you.—John 14:23, 27.

The Apostle Paul urged the brothers and sisters in the Colossians to let that peace reign in their hearts. What did they do? The Greek word that Paul used is similar to the word used to describe a referee in a court of law. Just as a referee has authority over a court of law, so should we let “the peace of Christ” reign in our minds and hearts.

For example, if a dispute arises between us and a Christian brother or sister, we should let “Christ’s peace” guide us. If we let “Christ’s peace” reign in our hearts, it will help us to know what to do and to maintain peace and unity with our brothers and sisters. If we can, we should put our desires and attitudes to rest, and be careful not to let anything destroy our relationship with our brothers and sisters. By doing so, we are letting Christ’s peace reign in our hearts.—Colossians 3:12-14.

We’re doing Bible teaching worldwide, and volunteer volunteers are making a contribution to our work. If you’d like to make a contribution, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical texts in this book are taken from the Scripture Kronkron—The Complete Father's Translation, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website on Twitter, or use your smartphone to scan this code

JW.ORG

w26.09-TW