JANUARY 2026

MONITORING COMMITTEE

THE LORD IS THE ONE WHO MAKES YOU LOVE HIMSELF

JEHA 2026 JEHA NGMAMI:

“Those who know that they need God’s guidance are in joy.”—MATTH. 5:3.

MONTHLY ANNOUNCEMENT: MARCH 2–APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

LA 97 God’s Kingdom Is Coming

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

Let us do what we do so that Jehovah will follow us in his direction, and we will have eternal happiness.

Be the One Who Sings “God’s Prayer”

JOHN 2026 JOHN’S MESSAGE: “Those who know that they need God’s guidance are in happiness.”—MATTHEW 5:3.

For example, when we are unable to live peacefully, we have to deal with our feelings of anger, anger, and anger. If we do not manage to deal with these feelings in a timely manner, we may end up suffering, or even die. In the face of these feelings of anger, Jehovah urges us to follow his guidance. (Read Matthew 5:3.) If we want to live happily ever after, we should know that we need God’s guidance, and we should follow it.

2 If they say something “because it needs God’s guidance,” what does that mean? The Greek word that is translated as “because it needs,” cannot mean something that requires faith and confidence to be done. Look at a thing that needs to be done and that is tadehi se mu on it, and that we are in it. Pu shows it, and that when it is done, the fĩê also takes it. Si foofôê that it is in it, people are summing at it. People are pushing it to be in a good mood. This person knows that it needs faith and confidence to have the strength to do it. Similarly, a person who knows that he needs God’s guidance does not ask God for guidance, and if he receives guidance, he listens to it. This also means that he will follow the guidance that God gives to those who love him.

3 In this reading, let us consider the story of the Phoenician who tried Jesus for his faith, so that we may make three judgments that those who know that the way of God is necessary should take into account.

1. What are some of the things that Jehovah knows are important to us? (Matthew 5:3)

2. What does the phrase “it may be necessary for God’s guidance” mean? Let’s take a look at what it means.

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

2

When the Phoenician sailor tried to find what was on the shore, he was forced to go to the sea, but instead he died and was buried. (Read section 5.)

Then, let us consider the example of the apostles Peter, Paul, and King David, who were men whose fathers did the same for us.

HOW MANY PEOPLE KNOW IT, HOW MANY PEOPLE KNOW IT, WHAT IT DOES AND WHAT IT DOES NOT

4 One day, a man from Phoenicia came to Jesus. He was “possessed by a demon.” (Matt. 15:21-28) The man pressed Jesus hard and asked him to heal him. When the man from Phoenicia came to Jesus, he took some very sweet fruits. Let us consider some of those fruits.

5 The Phoenician sea is a place of immediate salvation. Why do we say this? We say this because when Jesus took the Phoenician sea to the sea, it was a place of immediate salvation. Then, the people who were Jews were in their fears. If you took Jesus to the sea, what would you do about it? Wouldn’t you think that Jesus came to you, and then you would have his faith and faith in you? The Phoenician sea did it for you. The most important thing about the Phoenician sea is that it was a place of immediate salvation. We can’t say that because it went to the point where it urged Jesus to save him. What gave it the power to do so? The faith he had in Jesus strengthened him. Indeed, the faith that the boy had in Jesus touched Jesus deeply and made him happy. Although Jesus apparently said that he had been taken away “to the wise men of Israel who had been brought to them,” he nevertheless made the demon in the Phoenician boy’s house want to take hold of him.

6 For if we are not able to understand the way of God, it is necessary that we should know that the sea of Phoenicia was destroyed, and that we should come to ourselves, rather than to die, that we may have the same life that is in us: for if any thing be of God, it is dead.

4. What did the Phoenician ask Jesus to do for him?

5. What happened when the Phoenician ship was destroyed, and what did Jesus do to save it? (Read the story.)

6. What do we learn from the story of the Phoenician sailor?

JANUARY 2026 3

(Matthew 24:45-47) As we overcome these obstacles, Jehovah and his Son show us the way, and they promise to do so. (See James 1:5-7.) Now, let’s look at how Jehovah shows us the way, and the way in which he should guide us. The examples of Peter, the apostle Paul, and King David will help us to see what we should do so that we will be able to guide ourselves toward our own goals.

WHAT HE KNOWS ABOUT GOD’S WORSHIP

7 Consider the example of the apostle Peter. He was a Jewish Jew who believed that Jesus was the Messiah. Peter knew that Jehovah had trusted Jesus in his “word of life.” (John 6:66-68) When Jesus was about to leave, he entrusted Peter with a mission. He said to Peter: “Let the laws of wisdom be observed.” (John 21:17) Peter was committed to the mission he was entrusted with. And Jehovah entrusted him with two books based on the Bible. To read God’s word, it was necessary for Peter himself to be with him. For example, he read the books that God entrusted to the apostle Paul. (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) However, Peter was overwhelmed. He was confident that God would inspire him to understand and put into practice the things he had learned from the writings. These were the “things about which” Paul wrote in his letters. —Read Hebrews 5:14–6:1.

7. What task was assigned to Peter, and what was he supposed to do? Explain. (Hebrews 5:14–6:1)

8 When Peter was in the midst of the people of Joppa, God revealed to him a mystery. He was told in the mystery that he was carrying lowes that had been removed from the law of Moses. In the way of Peter, who was a Jew, there was something to be said about this mystery. Therefore, the mystery said, “Behold, lady, I have seen something that is wrong, let it be removed from you.” Then they said to her, “Dispute the things that God has made to be removed with the things that are removed from you.” (Níts. 10:9-15) When Peter heard the message, he immediately changed his mind. How did that happen? When Peter heard the message, Cornelius, who was known as Maimonides, sent three men to him. He told Peter that Cornelius wanted him to talk to him. Peter was very much following Maimonides, because the Jews were accusing him of being a Maimonide. (Neh. 10:28, 29) Peter’s commitment to the teaching that Jehovah had given him grew stronger. (Proverbs 4:18) He went to meet Cornelius and his wife. When Cornelius and his wife followed the truth, followed the holy spirit, and were baptized, Peter was delighted.—Neh. 10:44-48.

9 For as Peter did, so must we also always discern the things which are in the word of God, and the truths which are in it, and the things which are in our hearts; and we must give ourselves time to discern the Spirit of God, that we may look upward; that, if we do so, we may be filled with the Spirit of God. 10 For the Spirit of God is in us, and we are filled with the Spirit of God. 11 For the Spirit of God is in us, and we are filled with the Spirit of God. 12 For the Spirit of God is in us, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God, and we are filled with the Spirit of God.

8. What did Peter do when he discovered the way to God?

9. When we learn the truths of the Bible, what do we learn?

4 MONITORING

One way we can do this is to learn things about Jehovah that will inspire us to love him and care for him. In turn, we will grow in love by speaking about our Father who is in the heavens. (Rom. 11:33; Eph. 4:11) We also learn a lesson from Peter’s account. That is, if we change our view of God, we should be prepared to change our thinking and our actions more and more. Let us do so as Jehovah shows us the way, and he will put it into practice with us.

SEE WHAT HE WANTED TO SEE

10 When God’s love is upon us, we must be willing to do things that please him. What can we do to do that? Paul urged us to “do what is right” and “do what is right.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) He was willing to do things that pleased God. Consider what Paul said. When he was young, he was very keen to do things that pleased God. (Gal. 1:14; Phil. 3:4, 5) Now, he is truly loyal to God, and he knows what to do to please him. Because he was one of Christ’s teachers, and because he was constantly following them, he became “a ruthless man,” and that led him to be reluctant to do things that pleased God.—1 Timothy 1:13.

11 When Paul became a Christian, his mind was filled with anger. The Book of Revelation shows that Paul’s mind was filled with anger at Jesus’ disciples, saying that he was “eager to live with them.” (Neh. 9:1) When Paul became a Christian, one thing happened that he was very anxious that he would go to the elders for advice. (Eph. 4:22, 31) In the course of Paul’s anxiety, even when he and Banaba had a dispute over something, he “was very angry with them.” (Neh. 15:37-39) This could not have caused Paul to be angry, and if he was angry, he would have died. Instead, he ‘carried his neighbor to his death.’ This means that he took his neighbors to his death so that he might please Jehovah.—1 Cor. 9:27.

12 Because Paul placed his trust in Jehovah, he was able to overcome his fears and take care of himself. (Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul placed his trust “in the power that God gives him.” (1 Pet. 4:11) However, sometimes Paul committed offences that caused him to turn away from God. When he did so, he reflected on the good things that his Father had done for him, and that gave him the strength to be the one who served his neighbors.—Rom. 7:21-25.

13 If we are serving Jehovah with this mindset, we should put away the way we go about ourselves, and we should go about ourselves according to Jehovah’s way of doing things. If we do so, it shows that we are following Paul. During our journey, we may make mistakes. For example, one day we may be furious or have a dispute with a brother in this way. If that happens, we should turn away from him. However, we should put away the way we go about ourselves. 14 If we are serving Jehovah with this mindset, we should put away the way we go about ourselves, and we should put away the way we go about ourselves according to Jehovah’s way of doing things. If we do this, it shows that we are following Paul. 15 If we are serving Jehovah with this mindset, we should put away the way we go about ourselves, and we should put away the way we go about ourselves according to Jehovah’s way of doing things. If we do this, we should turn away from the way we go about ourselves. 16 If we are serving Jehovah with this mindset, we should put away the way we go about ourselves. 17 If we are serving Jehovah with this mindset, we should put away the way we go about ourselves. 18 If we are serving Jehovah with this mindset, we should put away the way we go about ourselves. 19 If we are serving Jehovah with this mindset, we should put away the way we go about ourselves, and we should put away the way we go about ourselves.

10. What should a man do to please Jehovah? (Colossians 3:8-10)

11. What changes did Paul have to make? Explain.

12. What was it that inspired Paul to be willing to let go of the suspicion about himself?

13. What can we do to show that we are following Paul?

JANUARY 2026 5

We should continue to read God’s word, we should follow it, we should let Jehovah take care of ourselves

(See page 18)

(Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) One of the most important lessons we can learn from this is that, while we may not be able to see the good things, we should be able to see the things that Jehovah is watching over us in heaven. We need to make the necessary changes to be able to do what pleases God.

DO WHAT YOU WANT GOD TO DO FOR YOU

14 When we are not happy at all, we need Jehovah’s help. What does Jehovah do to help us? And what should we do to help Jehovah help us?

15 King David was confident that Jehovah would take care of him in the days to come. (Read Psalm 27:5.) How does Jehovah take care of his servants today? He takes care of his servants by taking care of everything, or by taking care of anything that cannot be taken care of because of the goodness that is in it. He does not want to take care of his servants by taking care of anything. (Psalm 34:7; Isaiah 54:17) It is obvious that no matter how powerful Satan and his followers are, they will not be able to take us away forever. If they take care of us, Jehovah will destroy us. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Heb. 21:3, 4) Moreover, when we are in great distress, Jehovah encourages us to turn to him and to serve him. (Proverbs 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) We are also encouraged by our brothers and sisters who encourage us, and by our church leaders who encourage us to do what we do. (Isaiah 32:1, 2) And when we go to church meetings, we find ways to improve our relationship with Jehovah.—Hebrews 10:24, 25.

14-15. What are some of the ways in which Jehovah protects His servants today? (Psalm 27:5) (See the end of the book.)

6 MONITORING

16 When David looked up to Jehovah, Jehovah removed the obstacles that stood in his way, and then made David rest. He removed the obstacles that stood in his way, and he grew stronger. (Read Proverbs 5:1, 2.) When David followed God’s laws, Jehovah also removed the obstacles that stood in his way. (2 Samuel 12:9, 10) Sometimes, David realized that he had sinned. In such situations, David prayed to Jehovah that he would do what he wanted to do, and God let him know that he loved him and would help him. This made David’s heart turn to him.—Psalm 23:1-6.

17 When we pray to Jehovah and ask him to give us the strength to endure the hardships of life, we follow the example of David. We should know that when we pray to Jehovah to endure the hardships of life, he will give us the strength to overcome them. (Gal. 6:7, 8) Sometimes, when we feel that we have done something wrong, we are unable to pray to Jehovah to tell him how much we care about him and how much we want him to take care of us. —Philip. 4:6, 7.

16. In what ways did Jehovah help David?

17. How should we follow the example of David?

SEE WHAT HE HAD TO DO WITH GOD’S WORSHIP

18 The theme of the year 2026 is: “Those who know that they need God’s guidance are happy.” This prophecy is true even today. Why? Because those who formed us are happy, yet they are convinced that they need God’s guidance. In fact, they have made it impossible for guidance to be preached to people in the middle of the crowd. How can we let their thoughts influence us? So what should we do? We should study the Bible all the time, and we should take it seriously. We should also trust Jehovah to do what he wants us to do.

18. How do those who have chosen us act in accordance with God’s guidance, and what should we do to encourage Jehovah to guide us? (Read the following paragraphs.)

FOLLOW THEIR STRAIGHT STRAIGHT: A brother who teaches the truth of God went to the church to follow his brothers and sisters.

Chapter 6: The brother is confident that he is following Jehovah’s directions through the Watchtower he is reading, that he is focused on doing good, and that he has faith and confidence in his congregation’s leaders.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT GOD’S PLANS FOR THE WORLD...

■ Which Bible Should We Study?

■ What should we do about it?

■ Does Jehovah want us to follow in his footsteps?

LA 162

Don't Believe God's Word

MARCH 9-15, 2026

LA 45 Ye Tsui Mi Susumi

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

We are not going to let you go, we are going to let you go, we are going to let you go, we are going to let you go, we are going to let you go, we are going to let you go, we are going to let you go, we are going to let you go, we are going to let you go, we are going to let you go.

Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses - Jehovah's Witnesses

“I am the one who works in vain!”—ROM. 7:24.

WHAT did you think about the apostle Paul when he was arrested? Some say he was a good-natured evangelist, a wise teacher, or someone who knew all the Bible. If you think so, it’s true. However, sometimes he’s rude, arrogant, and like us.

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. In the letter that Paul wrote to the Romans, he made it clear that he was not happy with himself, and that is what many of us are. It seems that Paul was a faithful Christian, but as he grew older, he became more and more determined to do what was right in the sight of God. Moreover, when Paul recalled what he had done before he became a Christian, he was frustrated.

3 In all of Paul’s statements, he used his self-confidence to encourage others. In this chapter, we will consider the following questions: Why did Paul think he was “in a state of despair”? What did he do to avoid despair? And what can we do if we are despairing?

* HOW YOU ARE BEING TREATED: This article is about people who are being treated for mental illnesses. It is about people who are being treated for mental illnesses and how they are being treated, not about doctors’ beliefs and opinions.

1-2. As it is in every one of our lives, how does Paul feel about it at times? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What will we consider in this lesson? (See also “The Man He Loved.”)

8

THE COMEDY OF PAULO HAOƆ

4 What he did. When Paul became a Christian, he committed all kinds of sins. For example, it was necessary for the faithful king Stephen to be imprisoned. (Neh. 7:58; 8:1) Moreover, he took great pride in his fellow Christians.—Neh. 8:3; 26:9-11.

5 When Paul became a Christian, he was sometimes overwhelmed by the evil things he had done. It was something that greatly annoyed Christians. Therefore, when he was sick, when he recognized the things he had done, he was greatly distressed. For example, when he wrote a secret letter to the Corinthians in about 55 B.C., he said: “I am called an angel, because I am a member of the church of God.” (1 Cor. 15:9) Later in his secret letter to the Ephesians, he said that he “was the first among the unbelievers.” (Eph. 3:8) When he sent the letter to Timothy, he also indicated that he was “a man of good manners, and of good manners, and of good manners.” (1 Tim. 1:13) Look, what did Paul think when he went to destroy the churches with those who were his enemies, or when he ran away from the churches with those who were his enemies?

6 Paul used the phrase “something in his mind” to refer to something that made him feel bad. (2 Cor. 12:7) Paul used the phrase “something in his mind” to refer to something that made him feel bad. He used the phrase “something in his mind” to refer to something that made him feel bad. * The phrase “something in his mind” refers to something that made him feel bad.

7 The fault he committed. Because Paul committed a fault, he was forced to do what he wanted to do. (Read Romans 7:18, 19.) He felt that even though he wanted to do what he wanted to do, the fault he committed forced him to do what he wanted to do. He showed that whenever he wanted to do what he wanted to do, the fault was with him. However, he was determined to do what he wanted to do. (1 Cor. 9:27.) Look how he couldn’t resist doing something that he had already planned to do!

WHAT PAUL SAYED BEFORE HE WAS KILLED

8 We learn from Paul’s letters that God’s love can inspire him and his fellow Christians to look at their shortcomings and to think about good things. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul explains a number of things that Christians should do to be pleasing to God. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) This shows that Paul thought about his shortcomings, read the Bible, and saw what he should do to address them. We can therefore say that he applied the letter he wrote to his fellow Christians.

* Paul’s willingness to show that he was interested in the good cause prompted him to go to the churches and encouraged him to do so. (Gal. 4:15; 6:11) At the same time, Paul was disappointed because the lawyers were talking to him. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) Though Paul’s disappointment was not entirely due to these circumstances, it is clear that he was disappointed for some time.

4. What caused Paul to grieve?

5. What did Paul think when he reflected on the things he had done?

6. What caused Paul to be so upset? (See the following paragraph.)

7. How did Paul’s repentance influence him? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What did Paul do for his followers?

JANUARY 2026 9

(2 Cor. 7:6, 7) When he was told about the good things that were happening in the churches, he was very happy. (2 Tim. 1:4) He also knew that Jehovah was with him. Yes, Paul was happy because he knew that he had “the spirit of his heart” in the service of God. (2 Tim. 1:3) When he was imprisoned in Rome, Paul urged his brothers to “be in the Lady.” (Phil. 4:4) If you think about what he said to his elders, you’ll see that he was a good leader in the congregation. That is, when things that were bad came to his mind, he made it easier for him to think about things that were good so that he could be more happy.

10 One of the main reasons why Paul was so excited was that he saw the vision as something that would be applied to him. (Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) Therefore, he was confident that Jehovah would take his sins on him through Jesus Christ. (Rom. 7:24, 25) It is apparent that Paul, despite his transgressions, went on to ‘serve God in a wrong way’ with joy.—Heb. 9:12-14.

11 If we follow Paul’s example, we will learn that it is necessary to speak at all times in a manner that is pleasing to God, and we will learn to act in a manner that is pleasing to God. A 20-year-old sister named Eliza, who was one of the sinners who attended the meeting, said: “When I think of Paul’s sinners, I am comforted, and I know that the only thing that keeps me firm is the faith that I have in him. This also shows me that Jehovah knows the difficulties his servants are facing.” Like Paul, what can we do to have a positive attitude, and to be able to rejoice when things go wrong?

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW BEFORE YOU BUY

12 For all things that are in God, if we do those things which are good in the sight of God, let us have a good judgment of them: for this is not sufficient in all things, that we may have a good judgment of ourselves: but if we have a good judgment of ourselves, let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, even as the Word of God which we read, and the gospel which we preach, and the answer of the questions which we ask, and the ministry which we do, let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves, and let us have a good judgment of ourselves. These things strengthen us so that we can make a difference in the life of this world.—Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 For example, think of John, who was 39 years old when he was diagnosed with cancer. He was sick, and he was very weak. He asked him, ‘When will he be able to walk?’

* Names have been changed.

9-10. What were some of the things that inspired Paul to be so concerned about? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also the footnote.)

11. Why does Paul’s example encourage us?

12. What should we all do in order to be able to enjoy the joy of victory?

13-14. How do some brothers and sisters react to things in God’s church that they don’t care about at all?

10 MONITORING MEETING

It is apparent that Paul, despite the loss of his life, was inspired by the vision he was thinking of.

(See Figures 9-10)

What made John want to take care of this young man? He said, “As a young man, I really wanted to do things with my family that would help us have a good relationship with Jehovah. We go to church, we are faithful, and we keep our family close to God all the time. We do these things because he wants us to do them.” Later, John said: “When we were young, it was hard, but when we were old, we learned that Jehovah loves us and cares about us.” Jehovah will never give you the strength he has given me.”

14 An elderly woman named Eliza said: “When I go to the church to study the Bible, I know that Jehovah really cares about me and loves me, and that helps me.”

Nolan, who is a watchmaster in Africa, said of his sister Diane: “When we are in trouble, we are happy with what we do in God’s name. Jehovah is always supportive of us and gives us joy. We know that he will help us and uplift us, no matter how far we go.”

15 For there are things which we cannot do, when we are weak or when we are weary: but this is the thing: take it as it is, and put it upon thee: and inasmuch as thou wilt that it may be well, thou shalt keep it for ever: so that, if thou wilt know what thou doest, thou mayest not be weak, but strengthen thyselves.

15. What can we not do for ourselves? Let me give you an example.

JANUARY 2026 11

What you learned that will give you strength

(See section 17)

In the same way, if we want to know what to do about the problems we encounter at church meetings, we may want to read the Bible and church literature, or we may want to go to a Christian’s home and ask for help. Let’s look at some of the things that might help us.

16 Ask Jehovah to help you understand what is causing you pain. King David knew that God knew him well, so he asked Jehovah to help him understand “the thoughts that cause pain.” (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You too can ask Jehovah to help you understand what causes you pain and what you can do about it. You can ask yourself questions like, ‘What causes me to feel pain in my life? Is there something that makes me feel painful when I do something? Am I thinking about things that cause pain so that I can make a better decision?’

17 When you’re studying the Bible, learn about the things that matter to you. In some cases, it might be very helpful to learn about the things that God wants you to do. If you do, you’ll feel greatly moved. For example, when the apostle Paul was surprised by the promise of God’s forgiveness of sins, he felt greatly moved. You too will feel greatly moved.

16. What can he teach you so that you know what is wrong with you? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

17. What are some of the words in the Bible that are so powerful that you can’t read them? (See also the footnote.)

12 MONITORING

You can read things in the Research Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses, the Watch Tower Publications Index, or the congregation’s newspapers that you read every day. If you find something that inspires you, talk about it. You can take a book that inspires you, so that when you feel you’re not good enough, you can read it and inspire yourself. Find ways to apply what you read to your situation.—Philippians 4:8.

18 An interviewee named Eliza recounted some of Job’s stories. She said: “His life was like Job’s. He avoided adversity without hesitation. It seemed to me that Job’s way of dealing with adversity was to turn to Jehovah in times of great distress.” (Job 42:1-6) An interviewee named Diane said: “My husband and I read about Jehovah’s deeds in the congregational books. We are confident that Jehovah is helping us to do as he wants us to do. When we do things that we don’t like, we know that Jehovah is helping us to do good deeds. That makes us greatly depend on him.”—Isaiah 64:8.

YOU AND THE WORDS THAT YOU SAY ARE THE WORDS OF GOD

19 For if we do not take into account all the things that are written in this book, we may not be able to take care of ourselves, and we may not be able to take care of ourselves. For if we do not take into account all the things that are written in this book, we may not be able to take care of ourselves in the light of Jehovah’s love and mercy. Because we have a good relationship with Jehovah, and because he appreciates what we do in his sight, we can be sure that we will do well, and that we will enjoy ourselves.

20 Let us be careful not to be overwhelmed by the things we say in church, the things we do, or the things that disrupt our happiness. If we are overwhelmed, Jehovah will be overwhelmed by us. (Psalm 143:10) When we are overwhelmed, we are also overwhelmed by the good things we do, and we are overwhelmed by the joy of serving Jehovah, who is a loving God.

18. How did the things that some brothers and sisters did help them?

19. Why do we not think like others, and why do we not have a good night's sleep?

20. What do you ask your father to do?

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

■ Why does Paul sometimes feel that he is doing something wrong?

■ What inspired Paul to continue to serve Jehovah with joy even after he had suffered so much?

■ What can we do if we are sick?

LA 34

Ma Pee Nhwe Da

MARCH 16-22, 2026

LA 20

You Are the One Who Does What He Wants You to Do

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

If we believe in God, we will be saved, and if we do not believe in God, we will not be saved.

14

No He Je Na We Hia Kpɔmi No ɔ

“Who will protect me from the hand of the one who has brought me into this world?—ROMANS 7:24.

13 And he said to them, What shall I do, that I may live? And he said to me, What shall I do, that I may live? And I said to him, What shall I do, that I may live? And he said to me, What shall I do, that I may live? And I said to him, What shall I do, that I may live? And he said to me, What shall I do, that I may live? And I said, What shall I do, that I may live?

2 This is how we all die. In what way? When Adam fell from Jehovah, he became a sinner. And since he was our father, we are also sinners. Therefore, all human beings are sick of sin, as the tree is sick of it, and we need something to protect us from it. Paul described our sickness as a consequence of sin in his letter to the Romans. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) Paul urged them to watch him ‘to the end of the soil where he was in this world.’ The soil that Paul found to go to Adam was like a cloth to put on him, so that if something came to him, he would die. (Rom. 6:23) We are in the same situation, and we need someone to watch us.

3 When Paul began to speak of the sacrifice of Jesus, he said, “Who will save me from the wrath of the one who is with me in this world?” 4 And he answered, “We are saved by faith in Jesus Christ our Lord.” (Rom. 7:25) When Paul spoke of the sacrifice of Jesus, he said, “Therefore, if you believe in Jesus Christ, you are saved by faith in him.” (Rom. 7:26) When he said this, he said, “Therefore, if you believe in Jesus Christ, you are saved by faith in him.” (Rom. 7:27) When Paul spoke of the sacrifice of Jesus, he said, “Therefore, if you believe in Jesus Christ, you are saved by faith in him.” (Rom. 7:28)

* THE WORLD HAS BEEN BURDENED: The burden of sin is a burden that is placed on a person so that he or she may be freed from sin, or so that he or she may be saved. Jesus’ heavenly sacrifice is a burden of sin because he or she brought all human beings on earth into sinful bondage.

1-2. What is the Spirit, and why do we need someone to guide us? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also the footnote.)

3. How can we have this promise?

Just as we need a cloth to protect ourselves from sin, we also need a cloth to protect ourselves from sin (see sections 1-2).

(1) Jehovah will forgive us our sins, (2) we will be able to live in peace with him, and (3) we will have a good relationship with him. When we think about these things, it will help us to grow in love for Jehovah, “the God of truth.” (Rom. 15:13) Moreover, our trust in Jesus will grow greatly, for “it is fitting that we should be drawn to the promised thing.”—Col. 1:14.

HOW THE WORSHIP OF GOD AND OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH HIM CAN HELP US

4 We depend on the promise that God will punish us for our sins. We are all guilty, and therefore we are subject to our words and actions. (Read Psalm 7:20.) There are also sins that are punishable by guilt. For example, Moses said that if a person is sick, or if he goes out of his way, he must be cured. (Leviticus 20:10; Numbers 35:30, 31) There are also sins that are punishable by guilt, but that are not guilty. For example, David said: “I will watch over you, lest I lead you to sin.” (Psalm 39:1) This means that our words and actions will not be guilty.—James 3:2.

5 Didn’t you say something to show that what you said was true? Did you do something that made you feel bad about what you did? We all have to answer these questions, yes. The Bible says: “If we say, ‘God is with us,’ we are with ourselves, and the truth is not in us.”—1 John 1:8

6 By virtue of the promise, Jehovah takes away our sins. (Eph. 1:7) While it is true that Jehovah takes away our sins, it also shows us that if we do something wrong, he does not like it. In fact, he wants us to sin. (Isaiah 59:2) Because Jehovah is merciful, he takes away our sins in a way that makes it possible for him to do so.

7 Moses tells the Israelites to offer sacrifices to the LORD before they go out of Egypt.

4-5. Why do we all need the promise? (Proverbs 7:20)

6-7. How will Jehovah take away our sins from us? (Read the following verse.)

JANUARY 2026 15

(Leviticus 4:27-31; 17:11) The sacrifice of the Israelites is a sacrifice of atonement for our sins, and through it we will receive infinite blessings. Jehovah will use Jesus’ sacrifice to take away our sins. Paul referred to Jesus’ sacrifice in his letter to the Corinthians. When he talked about the sins that some people committed before they became Christians, he said to them: “It is written to you that you should be removed; you have been removed; you have been made precious in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and in the glory of our God.”—1 Corinthians 6:9-11.

8 When you go to this place, consider the way the LORD deals with evil, and what you will find in the heavens. For example, if you have sinned in a vision, and you have done evil in the vision, and you have refused to let the LORD forgive you, will it not be easier for you to forgive your evils?

8. When you’re going to go to heaven, what shouldn’t you think about?

Then you say to yourself, ‘I know that Jehovah forgives sin, let the sin be forgiven, and let me know that he is merciful.’ If you think about it, you will realize that when Jehovah forgives, he does so by giving his Son the opportunity to forgive mankind. Jehovah gives you or someone else the opportunity to show that it is right for him to forgive or not to forgive. The Bible says: “If we are in the world as he [Jehovah] himself is in the world,... his Son, Jesus Christ, works in us and takes away all our sins.”—1 John 1:6, 7. This makes it possible for Jehovah to do something to take away our sins, because, as his Savior says, he ‘knows that we are guilty of sin.’—Psalm 86:5.

THE WORDS OF THE LORD ARE WITH YOU ALL THE DAY

9 In the Bible, the word “yomi” means “to do” or “to do something.”

9. In the Bible, what does the word “evil” mean? (Read Psalm 51:5.)

The sacrifices made to atone for sin represent the heavenly sacrifice of Jesus as the atonement for our sins (see sections 6-7).

16 MONITORING MEETING

(Read Psalm 51:5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97

10 Look at what Adam and Eve thought when they sinned. Their sin had a very strong effect on them. When Adam and Eve disobeyed God, they immediately took their souls away from the tree of knowledge of good and evil, because the law that was in their “hearts” ruled over them. (Rom. 2:15) They realized that things were going wrong in their hearts. Therefore, they felt that it was right for them to take their souls away from the tree of knowledge of good and evil, and to take their souls away from the Lord as if something was going to happen to them. (Genesis 3:7, 8) The time when Adam and Eve took their souls away from the tree of knowledge of good and evil was a dark time. This name caused them to die in the fire.—Genesis 3:16–19.

11 As we grow older, we become more and more afflicted by things that make us feel uncomfortable, stressed, and tired. The problems and problems that we struggle with are all part of the problem we are facing. If we don’t take care of ourselves, we won’t be able to take care of ourselves. Why? Because, as the Bible says, God uses our sins “for the sake of good things.” (Rom. 8:20) This is true of all people. For example, today, people are trying to get rid of our sins, get rid of the things that are bad to us, and get rid of the things that are important to us. Let the way they go be clear. How will the light of the testimony lead us through these troubles?

12 This vision helps us to be confident that “the evil things themselves will bring them into the captivity of their minds.” (Rom. 8:21) This means that when we are in paradise, we will also be comforted and satisfied. We will also be comforted and satisfied in our hearts. The way we are prepared to live in the joy of heaven will be made easier because Jesus Christ, who is our guardian, will be “the one who never dies.”—Isa. 9:6, 7.

13 Look at what your life will do to you when you’re tired. In the end, you’ll have a good mood, you’ll be happy, you’ll be happy, or you’ll be tired. Now that you’re tired, you won’t be happy because you’re “burning up with the thought of having to think about things that are going on in your mind.” (Heb. 6:18, 19) As you keep tired, your confidence as a Christian will grow, and it will encourage you to devote yourself fully to attending the meeting. Indeed, you will surely find out that Jehovah “makes those who are far from him happy.” (Heb. 11:6) We will.

10. When Adam and Eve sinned, what happened to them?

11. How does the love we have for one another help us?

12. What is the meaning of the promise?

13. If you are concerned about the future of this world, what is one thing that you can’t ignore?

JANUARY 2026 17

Only the death of Jesus could bring about a good relationship between Jehovah and mankind. (Read section 16.)

You will not understand today, and the confidence that we have in the future will come to me through the vision alone.

THE WORDS OF GOD ARE THE WORDS OF GOD AND THE WORDS OF GOD ARE THE WORDS OF GOD

14 When Adam and Eve sinned, mankind fell away from God. The Bible clearly shows that mankind fell away from their Lord. (Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because Jehovah was the cause of sin. The Bible says of Jehovah: “Your love for evil is to see evil, and you are not to see evil going on.” (Heb. 1:13) Therefore, God created a bridge between mankind and God. Therefore, we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God, and we need to ask God to make a bridge between us and our God. And the promise is the only thing that can be put into practice in this way.

15 The Bible teaches that Jesus was “the atoning sacrifice for our sins.” (1 John 2:2) How did Jehovah fulfill his promise to atone for our sins? Indeed, God’s love for us was manifested in the death of his Son. By making his Son’s death happen, Jehovah destroyed his love for us. By doing so, he created a permanent relationship between himself and mankind. (Rom. 3:23-26) He made those who served him faithfully at the time of Jesus’ death very special. (Genesis 15:1, 6) How did he do this? He fulfilled his promise of a permanent relationship with those who served him faithfully at the time of Jesus’ death. (Genesis 15:1, 6) How did he do this? She is confident that her Son, Jesus, will be used as a perfect example. (Isa. 46:10) This example is the basis for a good relationship between man and God.

16 As we go toward the promise, we become closer to our God. For example, you may call Jehovah “Father,” as Jesus taught us to do. (Matt. 6:9) And sometimes you may call Jehovah “He.” Whether we call Jehovah “Father” or “He,” it depends on how close we are to God.

14. What about the sinful separation between us and our Lord, and why?

15. In what way does the covenant stand between us and God, and how does it come to pass?

16. What is one thing that we should not forget when the time of the Great Depression is over? (See the footnote.)

18 MONITORING MEETING

Why? Because we are sinful, and we should not rely on Jehovah for ourselves. If we were to have a vision, we would have a close relationship with Jehovah. He would “go among all things, to the place where [Jesus] was put on the seumi shoe, that he might bring about joy.” (Col. 1:19, 20) Therefore, if we are now in trouble, we cannot have a good relationship with Jehovah.

THE SECRET OF GOD’S WORSHIP AND HIS WORSHIP WITH THE WORSHIP OF GOD

17 This experience helps us to understand that Jehovah “has great mercy.” And “because we have died in these things... we have been strengthened.” (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) And “all who have the good will to have eternal life” are crying out of joy, because they see that sin has become such a heavy burden on them that they need something to overcome it. (Neh. 13:48) Jehovah resolved their problem by bringing them the good news of the Kingdom that they had hoped for, which would lead them to know him as God, and Jesus as his Son. (John 17:3) If Satan thought that the sin of Adam and Eve would put God at a loss, he was right.

18 When we think about the things in the vision, one thing should be very important to our minds. That is, it should be clear that the things we see in the vision are the only things that Jehovah sees. We should understand that he sees them in order to accomplish his purpose of putting Satan out of the garden of Eden. (Genesis 3:1-5, 15) Jehovah sees the vision through his name. He also sees us through our sins to show that he is a loving God. Although we are wicked, because we disobey Jehovah, he also gives us an opportunity to show that Satan is the ruler. (Proverbs 27:11) So, what can you do to show that you trust that promise? We’ll find the answer to that question in the following chapter.

17. In what way does the vision indicate that Jehovah loves us? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

18. As we reflect on this promise, what should we consider?

WHAT WILL HAPPEN WHEN YOU GO TO THE COURT...

■ Is it our sin that causes us to sin?

■ wa maa ye mluku ekohu?

■ Will there be a good harmony between Jehovah and us?

LA 19

The Body of a Wife

MARCH 23-29, 2026

LA 18

Wa Bua Joo Kpɔmi Nyo o He

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

Let us all do what we can to demonstrate our faith in the hope.

Moo Tsoon Kaa O Bua Juu Kpɔmi Nyo ɔ He

“The love in which Christ is dwells in us.”—2 CORINTHIANS 5:14.

HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT THIS? If the person you are talking to is a good person, you will want to show him your appreciation for what he has done for you. If the person you are talking to is a bad person, you will want to show him your disrespect for what he has done for you. If the person you are talking to is a bad person, you will want to show him your disrespect for what he has done for you. If the person you are talking to is a bad person, you will want to show him your disrespect for what he has done for you.

2 We learn from the previous chapter that we need something to protect us from sin and death. We know that by approaching Jesus’ expiatory sacrifice, (1) our sins can’t take hold of us, (2) we are confident that our sins will be forgiven, and (3) there can be a good relationship between us and God. Therefore, we are confident that we will live forever in the kingdom that Jehovah has planned for us. Indeed, the expiatory sacrifice shows us that Jesus loves us, and that when he was on the cross, he loved us. (Proverbs 8:30, 31) Paul said that “the love of Christ dwells in us.” (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) This means that the love Jesus showed for us should inspire us to do something to show that we appreciate his expiatory sacrifice.

3 What are you going to do to show that you care about others? It’s easy to answer this question. For example, let’s assume that there are three people who are on a mission trip and they’re all in the same boat. Since they’re in the same boat, they’re all going to the same place. Likewise, because we’re in the same boat with Jehovah, we’re all going to be in the same boat to show that we care about him. Therefore, this lesson will show us how to: (1) show that we care about our Bible students, (2) show that we care about baptized Christians, and (3) show that we care about ourselves.

1-2. What should Jesus’ expiatory sacrifice inspire us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (Read the full text.)

3. Why is it necessary that he should do all that he can to show that he is faithful to the covenant?

20

If you put a blanket on your face and someone falls on you, you will fall on it. In the same way, we should see Jehovah and Jesus as the ones who helped us fall into sin and despair. (Read chapters 1-2.)

and (3) what those who are appointed to the congregation will do to demonstrate their commitment to it.

BAIBLO KASELI

4 When others read the Bible for you, remember: “The way you deal with the good news will show that you depend on those with whom Jehovah wants to deal.” (John 6:44; Proverbs 13:48) “Jehovah is a watchman of the heart.” This means that he knows the way you choose to deal with him, and it is good for him to see that you are making changes to please him. (Proverbs 17:3; 27:11) As you go forward, good dealings will be possible between you and Jehovah. (Rom. 5:10, 11) Use this way carefully.

5 When people read the Bible for you, what do you do to show that you are confident in the prospect? The only thing you can do is to follow the example of the apostle Paul in his letter to the Philippians, who said: “Wherever we go, let us go in the way we are going.” (Phil. 3:16) One Bible interpretation of this saying is: “It is necessary that we go in the way we are going in.” Therefore, make sure that anything that offends you is clearly on the way you are going in.—Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 If you are asked to follow a Bible truth that you have read, what do you do? Think about it, and pray that Jehovah will give you guidance so that you will be able to see clearly. (Psalm 86:11) If, despite all this, you are still aware of the truth, you will certainly study the Bible. At the right time, you will be able to see clearly. And if you are asked to do something that will not please Jehovah, what do you do? Do you know that Jehovah sees how you make people do things that they couldn’t easily do? Therefore, you will be able to do what is right in his eyes. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) 10:13) Therefore, he turned away from them.

4. What does Jehovah expect of Bible students?

5. How can Philippians 3:16 be of help to Bible learners?

6. What can Bible learners do when they are urged to make changes, or to adhere to the truth? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (Read the full text.)

JANUARY 2026 21

Jehovah wants us to do what we want to do. He wants us to do what he wants us to do. He wants us to do what he wants us to do.

(See Figure 6)

While you should focus on the questions you ask at the meetings, you should also focus on what you do to show that you appreciate all that Jehovah has done for you. Your self-esteem also depends on these things. If your love for Jehovah is strong, you will find that “he loves them, and they love him.”—1 John 5:3.*

7 Are you also Bible students? The point is that you are Bible students, and you care very much about your musicians. The Bible says: “Rely on God, and he will rely on you.” (James 4:8; 1 Chronicles 28:9) When you rely on Jehovah, he will rely on you. When you rely on your musicians in the service of Jehovah, Jehovah loves you. He loves all people. And those who rely on him will love you.

* To help you concentrate on studying the Bible, use the “What You Should Know” section of the Living Forever! booklet for each of your study sessions.

7. What should those who study the Bible with their parents think about?

(Rom. 5:1, 2) Therefore, before you go to the next meeting, think carefully about what Jehovah and Jesus have done for you, so that you can then strengthen yourself to put your trust in God’s righteousness and to show that you trust in the promise that Jehovah has made to his Son. * (1 Cor. 15:33) The Bible says that God’s love for us is greater than any other love we have for anyone else, and that God’s love for us is greater than any other love we have for anyone else.

CHRIST AND THE BAPTIST

8 When you get baptized, you clearly show that you believe in what Jehovah and Jesus have done for you. For example, you have made changes in your life so that you can live out Jehovah’s love for you. You have learned that Jesus’ family is to make others happy, and you trust others. You have relied on Jehovah to have you baptized. Then, you have walked in the true way that you believed. (2 Tim. 3:12) The faith that you believe in shows that you love Jehovah, and that you believe in the promise that he has made for his Son.—Heb. 12:2, 3.

9 For if we have been baptized, there is one in whom we ought to dwell; that is, if we are in the flesh, there is also one in whom we ought to dwell. In what way? Consider the Christians who lived in Ephesus; as they were fĩ si in the flesh, so they were fì si in the Spirit.

* If you want to know what you can do to become closer to God, see the article, “Fathers and Daughters—‘Take Care of Yourselves’,” in the December 2017 Bulletin.

8. What do baptized Christians do to show that they believe in this promise?

9. What should those who are baptized look forward to?

22 MONITORING MEETING

However, he said to the Ephesians: “I am afraid of you, that you should not lose the love that is hidden in you.” (Eph. 2:3, 4) As Jesus showed, a Christian’s love for God can never be lost. A Christian who does this prays, attends the congregation, and is faithful. He does these things because he loves them. He sees things as the only thing he should do. What can you do if you feel that your love for Jehovah is still alive?

10 Paul instructed Timothy to focus on the things in God’s kingdom that he “thought about.” (Read 1 Timothy 4:13, 15.) You too can think about things you can do to “glow with the spirit” in your God-given kingdom. (Rom. 12:11; see the study note entitled “Be aglow with the spirit.”) For example, you may want to leave yourself alone when you go to the church to study. If you want to focus on your study, you may want to do it in a place nearby so that you can focus on the things you are studying. Just as you’ll be able to focus on the things that God has done for you, and on the promises he has made to you, if you do these things, you’ll be able to focus on the things that God has done for you, and on the promises he has made to you. Also, if it’s a few hundred miles before you’re going to Kaimi, you won’t be able to focus on the promises you have made to yourself as a Jehovah’s Witness, and you’ll probably be able to focus more on the promises you have made to God.

10. How did Paul’s letter to Timothy be used? (1 Timothy 4:13, 15)

Try to do things that will make you trust Jehovah, and he will encourage you to do so. (Read section 11-12.)

11 If you feel that you have lost all interest in God’s service, you should turn aside and remember that God’s love is for you. Have you not heard the words of the apostle Paul to the Corinthians, who said: “If you do not show the same love that I have shown, I have an example for you to follow.” (1 Cor. 9:17) What does Paul mean?

12 At times, Paul feels that he needs to take a step back. However, in the way he looks at things, he feels that he needs to take a step back. You can’t do that either. Don’t feel that you need to take a step back because he wants you to do that. Ask Jehovah to give you the strength to “do the work with strength.” (Philippians 2:13) Do things that will help you put your trust in Jehovah. When you do these things, you will know that your love for Jehovah will grow.

11-12. If you can't follow God's way, does that mean that God's will is on you? Please explain. (Read the audio.)

JANUARY 2026 23

Ask yourself, ‘What should I do now to make my relationship with Jehovah better?’ (Read section 16.)

JW.ORG

13 As 2 Corinthians 13:5 tells us, we need to be careful at some times. The Bible says: “Do not look at yourselves as if you were in the world; look at yourselves as if you were in the world, so that you may show what you are.” At other times, we may ask ourselves: ‘Isn’t the Kingdom behind me in my lifetime?’ (Matt. 6:33) ‘Doesn’t the way I look at myself show that I am sinful?’ (Psalm 97:10) ‘Isn’t the way I look at myself showing that I am sinful?’ (Psalm 97:11) ‘Isn’t the way I look at myself showing that I am a sinful person?’ (Psalm 97:12) ‘Isn’t the way I look at myself showing that I am a sinful person?’ (Psalm 97:13) ‘Isn’t the way I look at myself showing that I am a sinful person?’ (Psalm 97:14) ‘Isn’t the way I look at myself showing that I am a sinful person?’ (Psalm 97:15) ‘Isn’t the way I look at myself showing that I am a sinful person?’ (Psalm 97:15) ‘Isn’t the way I look at myself showing that I am a sinful person?’ (Psalm 97:16) ‘Isn’t the way I look at myself showing that I am a sinful person?’ (Psalm 97:17) ‘Isn’t the way I look at myself showing that I am a sinful person?’ (Psalm 97:18) ‘Isn’t the way I look at myself showing 4:2, 3) The journey we take will help us to take pride in the promise that Jehovah has made to us, and it will help us to make sure that we do not only things that please Christ but also things that please ourselves.*

THE DAY THAT A PAPA ASAFO KPE YAMI

14 Sometimes, our brothers and sisters who have served Jehovah in truthfulness are inspired to do things that cause the church to break down. Why? Some of them are inspired by “the evil of the world.” (Luke 21:34) Some of them are inspired by the words or actions of fellow Christians who offend them. (James 3:2) Some of them are inspired by the sins they have committed and the desire they have to do things that cause them to break down. What can you do if you are inspired by these evils that cause the church to break down? What should the love of Jehovah inspire you to do?

15 Consider how Jehovah treats those who have been thrown out of the church. He is kind to them, and therefore opens a way for them to come back to him. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Can he open a way for you too? Yes! The book you are reading shows that you want to do it. If Jehovah sees a good thing in your heart and wants you to come back to the truth, he will encourage you to come back to the church.

* If you want to know what you can do to continue to serve God, see “What Motivates You to Serve God?” in the June 15, 1995 issue of the Watchtower.

13. What can we do to show that we care about ourselves and that we are “in the midst of ourselves”?

14. What can cause some brothers and sisters in the congregation to feel disappointed?

15. What does Jehovah do to show that he cares about those who are in trouble in the congregation? —Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.

24 MONITORING

16 A young woman in the book Watch out for Jehovah’s Word says: “Know with certainty that He will give you strength when you return to him. He will give you strength to be humble, to talk to others, to have a good heart, and to be humble. This will give you strength to be loyal to Jehovah’s servants and to serve him.” She also says that the elders of the congregation promised to give you strength. “The law is in the open, and the way you go is in the hidden.” (Isa. 32:2) In order to show that you care about the promise, ask yourself, ‘What should I do now to make a “bridge” between me and Jehovah?’ (Isa. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) For example, you can make a congregational pledge at the Kingdom Hall. You can tell one of your congregation’s elders that you want them to make a “bridge” between you and Jehovah. This will open the way for them to study the Bible with you. If you pray that you will be able to overcome the obstacle, you can be sure that Jehovah will lift you up.

WHAT DO YOU EAT?

17 Jesus said that the vision was for “everyone who believes in him to lose his heart, so that he may have eternal life.” (John 3:16) In the vision, Jesus will come to save us from sin and death. We should take the vision as something that is worthwhile to us. (Rom. 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) If we do not have enough time for the vision, we will not be able to use this time to reflect on the love that Jehovah and Jesus showed us, so that it will give us the strength to be saved.

18 What are you going to do to show that you believe in the vision? It’s not easy to answer this question. If you set out to help thousands of Jehovah’s servants who are “in love with themselves, so that they may do what he has done for them,” you can rest assured that Jehovah will uplift you.—2 Cor. 5:15.

16. What will inspire those who have been thrown out of the congregation to return to Jehovah? (Read the video.)

17-18. What can we do if it takes us a hundred years to go to heaven?

WHAT YOU MUST DO AND WHAT YOU DON’T MUST DO

■ How do they read the Bible?

■ Are you a Christian and have been baptized?

■ how do you care about my congregation?

LA 14

Mo Je Zugba a N’o Yi King’s House

MARCH 30–APRIL 5, 2026

LA 76

What Does It Mean?

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

We will find a way to communicate the truth of the Bible so that people will understand it.

How You Can Improve Your Knowledge of the Bible

‘Jehovah, the true God.’—SA 31:5.

When we meet a Christian brother or sister, we ask ourselves, “What way did you come to the truth?” Some say, “He trained me in the truth.” Others say, “That way I came to the truth.” We do this because the truth we learn from the Bible influences our lives. We also know that if we focus on the truth in the Bible and put it into practice in our lives, we will eventually become dependent on Jehovah’s family. And the only way we can do that is by being truthful in our words and deeds.—Psalm 15:1-3

2 When Jesus came to earth, he showed truth in all things. He knew that his disciples agreed with some of what he said, even though they themselves showed that Jesus was telling the truth. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus instructed his disciples how to deal with his teachings. He said: “I have come that there may be discord among men, the son against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the son against his father’s wife.” (Matt. 23:37) Jesus knew that the day he was in the flesh

1. What can we do to become more dependent on Jehovah’s family?

2. (a) How did people follow Jesus? (b) How did the truths Jesus taught inspire people to follow them?

26

It will cause some people to lose their faith; some will remain faithful to the truth, and some will remain faithful to the truth.—2 Thessalonians 2:9-11.

3 Like Jesus, we are determined to keep the truth, so that people will love our message. We also know that some people may be reluctant to believe the truth of the Bible. Doesn’t this mean that we should consider how we should talk about a Bible truth and how we should communicate it? That’s right! In this lesson, we’ll look at the question: How do we know the truth? Then we will find out why we should talk about the truth of the Bible, how we should talk about it, and when we should talk about it. The answers to these questions will help us to be more confident when we talk about the truth of the Bible.

WHAT IS YOUR MOTHER’S REACTION TO THESE QUESTIONS?

(Psalm 19:9; 119:142, 151) For example, everything he says about himself is true. (Isaiah 55:10, 11) He does what he says at all times. (Numbers 23:19) He will never fail! (Hebrews 6:18) Therefore, he allowed himself to be called “the faithful God.”—Psalm 31:5.

5 Some believe that it is necessary for us to seek out Jehovah, who is the “true God.” This is a false statement, because the things that make us are the signs of God’s existence. (Rom. 1:20) When the apostle Paul preached some verses from the book of Hebrews in Athens, he made it clear that God wants us to “know him,” and that “he knows all things about us.” (Read Acts 17:27.) It is obvious that Jehovah invites those who seek out his way to come to him.—John 6:44.

(2 Pet. 1:20, 21) Therefore, all the words in the Bible are true, and we ought to believe them. For example, we cannot believe what the Bible says about the origin of the world, and how the light came into the world. (Genesis 1:1, 26) Nor can we believe what the Bible says about the cause of our sinfulness, and the consequences of our sinfulness. (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) Furthermore, we can’t believe that, as the Bible says, if we turn to Jesus, Jehovah will put an end to all that Satan, “the enemy of his father,” is doing. (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) Nor can we believe the Bible’s account that Jesus will put the evil over the head of the wicked, put an end to all evil, bring about the resurrection of the dead, and bring about the coming of the kingdom of God. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) Jehovah shows us the truth about himself, and he gives us a way to show ourselves to others. That is the way in which he wants us to be shown.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. Why can we say that Jehovah is truthful?

5. Why is it necessary for us to speak the way of the “true God”? Please explain. (Deuteronomy 17:27)

6. What are some of the truths in the Bible, and how do you feel that you have come to know them?

JANUARY 2026 27

When you teach the truth, how do you influence people’s opinions? (Read sections 7-8.)

WHY YOU SHOULD USE THE BIBLE’S QUESTIONS

7 As we have seen, if we want to belong to Jehovah’s family, we must follow the truth. To belong to Jehovah requires us to follow only the truth. That is why the truth is of great importance to God. Consider what happened when Jesus began his ministry in the desert. (Read Mark 3:11, 12.) When Jesus was in the valley of Galilee, demons attacked him, and demon-possessed people followed him. They sat around Jesus and cried out, “You are the Son of God.” Why did the demons tell the truth about Jesus? They thought that if they did, they would kill those who were around him.

The demons were trying to convince the people that Jesus was the Messiah, and they were trying to convince the people that Jesus was the Messiah. The demons were trying to convince the people that Jesus was the Messiah, and they were trying to convince the people that Jesus was the Messiah. The demons were trying to convince the people that Jesus was the Messiah, and they were trying to convince the people that Jesus was the Messiah. The demons were trying to convince the people that Jesus was the Messiah, and they were trying to convince the people that Jesus was the Messiah.

8 What can we learn from this story? The way we follow the truth of the Bible is of great importance to Jehovah. We should show others the truth about him as much as we love him. And if we want others to like us, we should put our whole heart and soul to Jehovah.—Matt. 5:16; see Revelation 14:12-15.

9 But let us look for a man of faith in whom we may have confidence, as if he were one of the brethren who have the authority in the church, and who has told us something in the way; and let us go, and let us see him.

7-8. Isn’t it important for us to keep the truth of the Bible in mind? Give an example of this.—Mark 3:11, 12. (Read the footnotes.)

9. What should we do, and why?

28 MONITORING MEETING

Proverbs 11:13-14 says, “Therefore, do not be afraid of the Lord your God; for he is with you, and he will not leave you alone. For he is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone. He is with you, and he will not leave you alone.

READ WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE BIBLE QUESTION

10 Read Colossians 4:6. Paul instructed the Christians in Colosseum to “receive their words at all times.” What does this mean? The Greek word that is referred to below means that we should speak with joy, that we should be grateful for the things that others have done for us, and that we should have a good attitude toward them.

10. What does it mean when we say “to take possession”? (Colossians 4:6)

11 When we teach the truth to others, we should use our words in the same way that Paul did. As the Bible teaches, the truths in God’s word come from God, and they cannot be taken away from us. In a way, the Bible can influence how we think about things and how we think about ourselves. (Heb. 4:12) If we use the Bible as our guide, we will not only be able to influence others, but we will also influence ourselves. In what way?

12 For example, suppose you are in a relationship with a man who prays to God, and he and his family are following Easter, then you cannot use the Bible to convince him that he should pray to God, and that Easter should follow him.

11-12. Why should we be careful when we preach the truth to others? Give an example of this. (Read the footnotes.)

How can we teach the truth to others? (Read sections 11-12.)

Study Jesus’ example so that you will know how to teach people the truth, and what to teach them. (Read section 15.)

(Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) If we do this in the darkness of our future, it means that we are not only following the truth, but also putting God’s Word first.

13 Paul also tells us that we should be careful not to make our words sound like they are being spoken to us. He does not mean that we should be truthful, or that we should not be truthful. He means that we should make our words sound like they are being spoken to us, so that, in some way, if they sound like they are being spoken to us, they may be heard by God. (Job 12:11) If we do this, we will be blessed. In the same way, we should be careful not to make things sound like they are being spoken to us, but that they sound like they are being spoken to us. In the same way, we should be careful not to make things sound like they are being spoken to us, but that they sound like they are being spoken to us. For example, in some places where people go to church, they say things that they don’t want to hear because they think they’re talking to someone who isn’t good at speaking. In some places, if someone says something that isn’t good at speaking, they think it’s a bad thing. Paul says that we need to know how to ‘find out everything.’ Therefore, regardless of how we go to church, or how we are taught to speak, we need to make sure that the things we say are in keeping with what we are taught to do.

THE ONE WHO SHOULD HAVE WAS A QUESTIONS

14 At all times, Jesus and his disciples were speaking on the earth, and he walked around with joy and taught them all things. (Mark 6:34) Every time Jesus told his disciples that he was going to show them all things that he knew, he felt it was necessary to teach them some truths. Jesus made them know that they should not ignore the truths of the world. (John 16:12) What does this mean for us?

13. What can we do to make our words sound like they are meant to be heard?

14. When Jesus was on the road, did he not show his disciples all that he knew?

30 MONITORING MEETING

15 Jesus’ example shows us that something is true, and that he must show people what he knows. How do we learn from Jesus? Let’s consider the following examples. Consider the man whose family was upset about Easter. We know that those upsets came from our community, and God was pleased with them. Let’s consider him as a man with whom you study the Bible one or two times a week and who is upset about Easter. Doesn’t showing him what the Bible says about the books he’s been studying, and keeping an eye on him to see if he keeps his faith, show that you care about him? While some Bible learners use what they’ve learned correctly, there are some who don’t want to make changes. By telling our Bible learners what they should know at the right time, we can encourage them to make those changes. —Read Proverbs 25:11.

15. Shouldn’t we show our Bible readers all the things we know in the Bible? (Proverbs 25:11) (Read the full text.)

16 When we have a strong belief in Jehovah, we are confident in everything we do. In order for our Bible students to “follow the way of the truth,” we should do the following: Give them a good example. (3 John 3, 4) Show that you follow the Scriptures, so that you can speak the truth with all your heart. And when you teach the truth to others, you should do so with joy. Use the words in your everyday life, and put your whole heart and soul in the service of Jehovah. By doing so, you show that you are in Jehovah, the true God.

16. What will you do to encourage your Bible students to “go to the way that leads to the truth”?

Chapter 29: In the middle of the night, a young man finds Bloonya in a man's mouth, and he takes his brother's explanation in a church book as Bloonya's love for him. In the second half of the night, the young man shows his brother a word that will make him feel like a son. Will the difference between the two be great?

WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT THEY?

■ Ni Tsumi 17:27

■ Colossians 4:6

■ Proverbs 25:11

THE 160 “Healthy Kpakpa”!

MONITORING COMMITTEE

THE LORD IS THE ONE WHO MAKES YOU LOVE HIMSELF

January 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 1 DANGME

MUNYUHI NƐ NGƐ MI

The course will be held on March 2-8 2

Be the One Who Sings “God’s Prayer”

The course will be held March 9-15 8

Jehovah’s Witnesses Will Help You and Your Family

Monthly Readings March 16-22 14

What We Didn’t See

23-29 March 20

How Good He Was Talking About What He Was Seeing

30 March – 5 April 26

How You Can Improve Your Knowledge of the Bible

We’re grateful for your support. It’s a great way to keep Bible education going, and people love giving to help others. If you’re interested in helping, we encourage you to visit donate.jw.org.

The chapters in the book are entitled The Great Book—Let’s Take a Closer Look. If we take a closer look and apply it to a particular topic, we’ll get a clearer picture.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

YOU ARE THE ONE YOU ARE

HOW TO FIND OUT WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS ABOUT YOU

The Bible is full of examples that show us how to do so. If we keep things in the Bible in our mind, it will encourage us to think deeply about what we are reading, and it will make us feel better about ourselves. Here are some things that can help you do that.

When you read the Bible together as a family, you will be able to take what you are reading to yourselves. This will make it seem like it’s something that’s happening to you, rather than something that’s happening to the people you’re reading about.

• Place yourself in the midst of the silence. Try to think about things in the same way as the people you are talking to. For example, ask yourself: ‘Why did this person say this or do this? If you were in the midst of the silence, how would you think about it?’

• I don’t care how things go. When you care about what the Bible says, it will help you focus on how things are going, and it will help you focus on what you want to do, rather than on what you don’t want to do.

Go to jw.org or scan this code

JW.ORG

w26.01-DG