JULY 2026

THE FOUR FACTS ABOUT YHWH'S BELIEFS

SEPTEMBER 7–OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

ARTICLE 88 Kilenge Me Wo Ndenle Ne Mo

Let’s look at what we can learn from Gideon and how Jehovah treated them.

What We Can Learn from the Bible

"The whole thing is a perfect harmony in all things." —Acts 10:1.

When the Israelites were 40 years old when they came to Egypt, they attacked the city of Ekron. The Israelites defeated the towns of Gezer and Elah. But then there was an announcement. A group of people who were going to fight the Moabites came to them. They said that they wanted to have a good relationship with the people of God.

2 Those people were the Gibeonites. The time when the word “Gibeon” was first used in the Bible is unknown, but some scholars believe it was about 1,000 years ago, when there was a conflict between the Gibeonites and the Israelites. We can learn a lot from this account, and it will help us understand more about Jehovah God.

AND THERE ARE NO SECURITY PROVISIONS IN THE APPLICABLE LAW.

3 When the Israelites came to the Heshbon Desert, there was a small kingdom in the territory of the Canaanites that had to defeat them. It was a nation that was “selfish and better off” than the Israelites. (Deuteronomy 7:1) These kings were not from the tribe of the Havvoim, but from the tribe of the Gibeonites, who ruled over the Havvoim. The Gibeonites had a city called Gibeon, which was surrounded by walls and had many mountains. (Deuteronomy 10:2) The Canaanites were not willing to go with the Israelites. But the Gibeonites did not, because they knew that:

1-2. Why should we be concerned about what the Bible says about the Book of Genesis?

3. (a) What did the Gibeonites think? (b) Why did the Israelites think that they were in danger?

2

The governor was very angry with Dwight, and he and Dwight had a very close relationship (Figure 4).

34:11; Dt. 9:24) After the Israelites had defeated Gieh and Eah, the Gibeonites sent people* to report to Dt. in Gilgal, pleading with him for mercy. 34:12 And when the Israelites had defeated Gieh and Eah, the Gibeonites sent men* to report to Dt. in Gilgal, pleading with him for mercy. 34:13 And when the Israelites had defeated Gieh and Eah, the Gibeonites sent men* to report to Dt. in Gilgal, pleading with him for mercy. 34:14 And when the Israelites had defeated Gieh and Eah, the Gibeonites sent men* to report to Dt. in Gilgal, pleading with him for mercy. 34:15 And when the Israelites had defeated Gieh and Eah, the Gibeonites sent men* to report to Dt. in Gilgal, pleading with him for mercy. 34:16 And when the Israelites had defeated Gieh and Eah, the Gibeonites sent men* to report to Dt. in Gilgal, pleading with him for mercy. 34:1

⁴ Read Deuteronomy 9:8-13. The Jebusites became devotees of moamoah. They claimed that Jehovah had saved the Israelites from the Egyptian king Shashan and the Amorite king Og. But when they realized what had happened to Gideon and Ejah, they were dismayed because he had not done anything wrong at the place where the “moamoahs” were buried. The leaders of Israel accepted them and made a covenant with them that they would be faithful to the word of Jehovah. (Deut. 9:14, 15) Even though the Jews saw the Gibeonites as a threat to their lives, they didn’t mind their actions because they were being used to “preach the name of Jehovah to them.” (Deuteronomy 9:16-19) They were employed to “bring bread and water for the people and the offerings of Jehovah,” a job they would do all their lives.—Deuteronomy 9:27.

* Some of the nearby villages of Havam seem to have been inhabited by people who were descendants of the Gibeonites. These villages were Kephalah, Biyelot, and Kelet-gilead.—Deuteronomy 9:17.

5 When the Ammonites saw that there was peace between Gibeon and Israel, they declared themselves willing to fight with Gibeon.

4. (a) According to Deuteronomy 9:8-13, what did the Gibeonite do to persuade the Israelites to abandon them? (Note the picture.) (b) What did the Israelites do when they realized that they were not safe?

5. What did the Gibeonite do that stirred his faith in Jehovah?

JULY 2026 3

(Deuteronomy 10:3-7) David and the Israelites fought against the Amalekites, and the Lord saved them. He sent a great storm over the Amalekites, and through a hole in the sky, the storm broke through and destroyed all the Amalekites. (Deuteronomy 10:9-14) The brave defense of the Gibeonites and the Israelites, as well as David’s plea for help, showed that they had complete faith in the words of the Lord and were willing to give up their lives.

6 What does this tell us about Jehovah? Jehovah is both ruthless and merciful. Jehovah’s angel told the Israelites to “deliver all the people of the land,” but the Gibeonite was even more ruthless. (Num. 33:51, 52) But because the Israelites showed great patience, Jehovah told them to be merciful and forgive them. Jehovah did so despite the Israelites’ pleading with him about it. He let the Israelites go through the wilderness and miraculously saved the Gibeonite.—Deut. 9:26; 11:19.

7 How can we learn the Book of Genesis? We need to have great faith in Jehovah. As we learn more about him, we need to devote ourselves completely to him. (Deut. 40:4, 5) But if we do the work that is called upon us to do in Jehovah’s service, we can learn the Book of Genesis. (Deut. 9:23, 27) An elder named Luke was shocked when he saw an elder at the camp doing the work that was called upon him to do. The elder was very prominent at the camp, but when a Kingdom Service member came to the camp, he took him and his brothers with him. Luke said: “I discovered that when we say we are proud, we are not. What we do does not lead us to be proud.” When we face difficulties, let us always rely on Jehovah for help, and let us be prepared to do whatever they ask us to do in the service of Jehovah, showing that we trust him.

WHEN GOD WAS OUR FATHER

8 The Bible tells us that King Saul, who was in charge of Israel, tried to kill Gibeonites “because of his hatred for Israel and Judah.”* So he killed many of them. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) Saul and his men did not hesitate to kill them.

9 And it came to pass, when king David returned from Saul's father, that the LORD worked against the Gibeonites, and caused a famine to come upon the kingdom of Israel for three years. And David inquired of the LORD concerning the famine, and the LORD opened his mouth to him, and said, Saul and his house are guilty of blood; for they have broken the covenant of the LORD.

* The Bible does not give a specific explanation for Saul's wrongdoing, but some scholars argue that it was not Saul's feelings about foreigners that prompted him to do so.

6. What can we learn from Jehovah’s dealings with the Gibeonite?

7. How can we study the Gibbon's faith in scripture? (See figure.)

8. What did Saul do to the Gibeonite?

9. When did Jehovah use the Gibeonites who were being persecuted?

4

1000000000000000♠0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000

If you are not willing to do the job you are asked to do, please contact the Government (Figure 7)

Later, they killed the Gibeonite.—2 Sam. 21:1.

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. David asked the Gibeonite who was to be their guardian to keep them safe. Would they give David a large sum of money to keep them for themselves? No, they said “a piece of bread or a piece of breadcrumbs,” because Melah had said that they should not offer any sacrifice for the lives of the dead. (Num. 35:30, 31) The Gibeonites knew that without the king’s permission, there would be no one left in Israel. So David gave them permission to take some of Saul’s sons who would help Saul kill Gibeonite. Then the sheep grew and they had plenty of food. This was proof that Jehovah was not afraid of the rebellion they had made, and that he was not afraid of the Gibeonites who had destroyed them.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

11 What does this tell us about Jehovah? There are many examples of people who have come to worship him. (Deuteronomy 37:28) Many people, including people from other nations and other worlds, have come to worship him, but no one has come to worship him. In God’s right time, he will respond to every need his servants have. And we know that he is willing to keep his promises, just as he was willing to keep the Israelites’ promise of forgiveness to the Gibeonite. —Read Amos 1:9.

12 How can we learn the Bible? If our brothers and sisters read it regularly, we can learn how to love Jehovah. This way, we will be able to do things that are good for God at his right time. For example, Mrs. Laura French was appointed to serve at the Canada Branch in 1926. A year earlier, she heard a message. A group of volunteers called her to the branch. What did she do about it? She was upset, but she spoke to her brothers and sisters or to the organization. When she was there, she began volunteering.

10. What did the Gibeonite do to deceive the angels of God? (2 Samuel 21:3-6)

11. What do we learn from Jehovah in this story?

12. If we are believing, how can we learn from the example of the Gibbon?

JULY 2026 | 5

In 1940, she was called to serve on the field, where she served for more than 50 years. Like Mrs. French, when we are challenged, we need to do what is right and let Jehovah do things at his time.—Acts 26:3, 4.

HOW MUCH ARE YOU WORKING FOR?

13 When King David died, about 500 years ago, the Bible began to mention the Nethinim. In the 70th year of King David’s reign, a group of Jews who had gone into exile in Babylon returned to their homeland. A group of Jews led by the Ammonite Zebulun went to Jerusalem. (Ezekiel 2:1, 2, 58) In the 70th year of King David’s reign, another group led by the warrior Ezra went to Jerusalem. (Ezekiel 7:1-7) The “Nethinim” tribes referred to the two groups that had gone into exile. (Ezekiel 2:58 and 7:7 respectively.) But who were the Nethinim? They were “the servants of the temple, or servants who served the Israelites,” and many of them were apparently the descendants of Gebennom.—The “Nethinim” in the Biblical translation.

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 and the following verses. “The servants of the temple” referred to those who had gone into exile to Israel. This was because they were very confident that not all the Jews in Babylon had gone into exile. Indeed, many Jews had found themselves in Babylon and had—

13. Who was the “Nethinim,” and what did the Nethinim do when the Israelites went into exile in Babylon?

14. How did the Gibeonites demonstrate their loyalty to Jehovah? (Genesis 9:2 et seq.)

I would like them to leave these things behind and go and bring them back to strengthen their nation again. But the Jewish nobles and the Gibeonite nobles were afraid that they would be allowed to worship in the temples in Jerusalem. So they made every effort to get there. There was land in Israel and among the Jews. But they went there to prevent the opening of the temples and to bring them back to Jerusalem. —Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this tell us about the Lord? It tells us that God was very angry with the people who went against his will, and that God was always angry with them. Since the time when the Lord destroyed Gibeon at the end of the Babylonian exile, it has been more than 1,000 years. But the Lord has destroyed Gibeon. He destroyed their men in the exile of Judah and Jerusalem in 607 B.C.E. When the exile was over, he brought them back to the service of the Lord; they and the Levites served in the temples. Some of them were even near the temples. (Ezekiel 2:70; Neh. 11:21) And because they served in the temples, they were in charge of all the government.—Ezekiel 7:24.

16 How do we learn the Bible? We do not want to do anything that is wrong, but we want to do what is right, and so we are willing to sacrifice to the Lord, because we love him and want to do what he wants us to do.

15. What does the story of Gibeon tell us about Jehovah?

16. What can we do to learn more about the true worship of God from the Book of Genesis?

6 EZINZALƐ ARANE

Alwin, from the Philippines, was a volunteer volunteer who worked in a police station and was very popular with the police. But he felt he was doing too much for the church. When the elder of a congregation asked him if he could take him to church, he said he couldn’t. Alwin, who was a volunteer volunteer, was so upset that he quit his job and started looking for a job that would allow him to go to church. He knew that this decision would cost him a lot of money, but it motivated him to pursue his goal. Later, he became a full-time volunteer, and together they helped 21 people come to the truth. We trust that Jehovah will appreciate Alwin’s and his efforts. However, we can be confident that whatever sacrifice we make in his service, he will always be with us.—Matt. 6:33.

17 The Bible’s accounts of the prophets show us many of Jehovah’s characteristics. He is steadfast, merciful, merciless, and truthful. He always takes care of his servants. And there are many things we can learn from the prophets. For example, we can learn to have great faith in the prophets so that when we are afraid, we can rely on them. We can also learn from the prophets how to be motivated to do whatever we have to do in the church. Instead, let’s use our faith in God and our trust in him over all adversity, and let’s strive to practice true worship. If we do that, we’ll be able to learn a lot from the Bible.

17. What can we learn from the Bible’s account of Gideon?

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

■ How can we be sure that the Bible is written by the Genealogy?

■ If we can't understand each other, how can we learn the Geography?

■ What can we do to learn the truth about God from the Book of Genesis?

CHAPTER 148 Jehovah Is a Lover

SEPTEMBER 14-20, 2026

EDWƐNE 41

I'm Asking You to Give Me Peace

BODANE

How can our reflection on the book of Isaiah comfort us when we are distressed or disheartened?

Isaiah's Book and the Book of Revelation

“This is the promise of Jehovah:... ‘As I have comforted a man, so will I continue to comfort them.’”—Isaiah 66:12, 13.

Imagine a child who wants to be alone. Sometimes he wants to go to a new place because he won’t be able to be with his friends from school. Or maybe he has a bad experience. If his loving mother knew about it, what would she do? She would lie on his back, give him a kiss, and ask him to listen to her.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah describes himself as a mother who is loving and comforting, saying: “As a mother comforts her son, so will I comfort them.” (Isaiah 66:13) Jehovah’s love for us is greater than that of any parent. (Isaiah 49:15) When we are in trouble or in pain, Jehovah uses his Word, the Bible, to provide us with all the comfort and encouragement we need.—Proverbs 15:4.

3 The book of Isaiah is filled with comforting words from Jehovah. (Isaiah 40:1) Isaiah’s loving-kindness inspired him to write this book to comfort the troubled people of Judah. Because we are “in the midst of what is in our midst,” we need to be comforted. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let’s look at some prophets in the book of Isaiah who helped us (1) when we were in trouble, (2) when our thoughts were overwhelmed, and (3) when a dying farmer caused us to feel weak.

1-2. How does Jehovah help us when we find ourselves in a difficult situation?

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

8

WHEN THE APPLICATION HAS BEEN REFUSED

9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) An enemy may attack us, we may be overwhelmed by a financial crisis, there may be a riot in our country, or we may lose a job in Jehovah’s service. If we become a Jew, we may be overwhelmed by thoughts of self-destruction or distress. For example, if we ask ourselves, ‘What should I do?’ we will be overwhelmed. A volunteer named Joseph, who served in the camp for about 17 years, said when he was asked to become a volunteer: “I know what I am doing, because I am staying in the camp. You knew how much I loved my life.” How can Jehovah’s word in the book of Isaiah help us when we are in such a difficult situation?

4. If we are in a difficult situation, how can we help ourselves?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. Jehovah promises that he will send the people who are on the sign roads before the persecutors to walk in the best paths, and that he will not let the persecuted go astray. The words “persecutors,” “the best paths,” “the persecuted,” and “the deepest paths” denote what we will think of ourselves when we are persecuted in the near future. But Jehovah promises that no matter what circumstances we encounter, he will provide the necessary relief for us, and he won’t let us down. He will help us when we are in difficulty, he will bring rain down on our roads, and he will make the roads full of water. How will he do that? The Bible tells us:

5. What does Jehovah promise to do for us? —Isaiah 42:16. (Look at the picture.)

If you fall into the situation you are in, Jehovah will not let you down (Appendix 5)

‘In the way you don’t know, I will show you the way’

(Deuteronomy 119:105; Isaiah 30:21) But when we need help, he will send his brothers and sisters and others to help us. If we are willing to admit our shortcomings, we can rest assured that because he cares about us, he will help us.—Isaiah 41:10; 1 Peter 5:6, 7.

6 A self-reporter named Joseph recounted how he was influenced by Jehovah during his time at the camp. He said: “While we were there, we saw how Jehovah was influenced by our brothers. He provided us with everything we needed, encouraged us at the right time, and returned with us.” Even if you are in a difficult situation, you can rely on Jehovah to help you get through it no matter how difficult it is. (Prov. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph noted: “And the words of the other elder said to him, ‘I have met many troubles, and I have taken good care of those with whom I am at odds, rather than of those with whom I am at odds.’* Indeed, things do not always go as we want, but we know that we are Jehovah’s servants.”

IF YOU ARE INTERESTED, PLEASE CONTACT US.

7 If we commit a serious sin and tell the rulers, they will help us more than love. That is, let us make every effort to repent of that sin. —Proverbs 28:13; Proverbs 28:14; Proverbs 28:15; Proverbs 28:16; Proverbs 28:17; Proverbs 28:18; Proverbs 28:19; Proverbs 28:20; Proverbs 28:21; Proverbs 28:22; Proverbs 28:23; Proverbs 28:24;

* See his other book, “Jehovah Is With Me.”

6. What can we expect Jehovah to do for us when we are in a difficult situation?

7. What problems might some of those who made the mistake face?

5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) However, despite the fact that it is God himself who is causing this, we may be tempted to ask ourselves, ‘Could this sin that I am committing be laid upon me by God?’ (2 Corinthians 2:7) If so, it is not surprising that despite our dissatisfaction with the sins of our enemies, we are encouraged by them to commit them. King David proclaimed: “I am not innocent, I am forbearing; I am self-sufficient, and I am utterly well-off.” (Proverbs 38:3, 8) If you feel that way about the sins of your enemies, the book of Isaiah may be of help to you.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah made a prophecy that showed how completely he forgives our sins. He said that even if our sins were “great in number,” he would make them “great in number and great in strength.” However, when he forgives our sins, he promises us that he will never forgive them again.

(2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Kings 9:4, 5) If Jehovah was with David, he wouldn’t have known that he was faithful or that he had committed a sin. Similarly, if we are humble and humbling ourselves, Jehovah will show us his love and help us come to worship him when our minds are confused. What other words from the book of Isaiah can help us when our minds are confused?

10 Read Isaiah 38:17 and the following verses. They will do what is right, “from my presence.”

8-9. What does Isaiah 1:18 say about the sinful nature of God?

10. What can we learn from Isaiah 38:17?

10 EZINZALƐ ARANE

“We have forgiven you all our sins”

Jehovah turns his mind away from the sins we have committed against him (Appendix 11)

All my sins are taken away from you” or “all my iniquities are taken away from you.” They speak of the Lord as the one who takes away the sins of the sinful person and brings them back to him. He takes them away where they will never be remembered or even thought of again. One prophet said, “We have taken away my iniquities forever.” So if the Lord takes away our iniquities, it is in his own right that we take away our iniquities. If the Lord takes away our iniquities, we will never be able to take them back or remove them from us. (Isaiah 43:25) This is a very comforting lesson! So if Jehovah, the Creator of heaven and earth, has forgiven Paul’s sins, why do we have to think about it?

I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,

11 When our thoughts turn to the past, we must remember the punishment that Jehovah imposes. If he forgave us, he would have forgiven us completely. The punishment that we imposed on him was not for ourselves and not for human beings who were angry with him. (Isaiah 57:16) What matters to Jehovah is not the way we treated him, but the way we treat him today and the qualities that we strive to develop. (Isaiah 55:7) Let us serve the God who is all-powerful and who forgives! We should not allow the sins we have committed in the past to cause us today's suffering or the suffering we will face one day.

11. What does Jehovah think about? (Look at the picture.)

JULY 2026 11

“Those Who Are Dead Will Live”

The hope we have that we will live forever again (see Appendix 14)

THE YEAR IN WHICH THE REPORT WAS SUBMITTED

12 When we kill a farmer, we may feel very angry and we may feel that we are not enough. We don’t know why God killed the farmer. One of our fellow farmers, Michael, who killed his sheep last year, said: “I was very angry and angry with the Lord for allowing him to kill them. I thought it was not he who killed them, but he had to kill them.” Is that how you feel? When you’re in such an angry situation, how does God comfort you and give you strength?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah promises to “put an end to all death.” What a blessing it is when there is no more death! He will resurrect a dying farmer again. (Isaiah 35:10) You will see your descendants grow up and grow small. You and your descendants will live forever, and they will not be destroyed. And this promise is not made by someone else, but by God the Father who has this power.—Isaiah 21:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Not only is the LORD dead, but he will raise the dead to life again. He even declared, “I will be born again.” This was a prophecy of God. They will be raised from the dead, and when the time comes, he will raise them up.

12. If we were a farmer, how would he make us feel?

13. What does Jehovah promise us in Isaiah 25:8?

14. When you think about the hope of resurrection, what does it say about you? (Isaiah 26:19) (Look at the picture.)

12 EZINZALƐ ARANE

If that person was to be raised again, then Jehovah, who gives life, will raise us from the dead again. Imagine how we would feel when we were raised again.—See Mark 5:42.

15 The promise of God’s resurrection is not an unpleasant surprise, but it shows us that God is not afraid of those who die, and that’s a source of encouragement. Michael, who shared his experience, said: “I learned from Isaiah 26:19 that God is good to my parents, and that he will bring them back to life in his right time. That’s a source of encouragement and strength.” Let’s concentrate on the promise of God that he will bring us back to life. If we do so, he will be gracious to us.

15. How does the promise of a resurrection help us to escape from our misery?

16 Let’s look at some of the words in the book of Isaiah that can comfort us when we’re in a moment of distress, when we’re worried about our sins, or when we’re overwhelmed by the loss of a loved one. We’d love to pray to Jehovah’s Word to comfort us and make us feel better! (Isaiah 94:19) Does any of the words in the book of Isaiah comfort you? If you can, read it yourself, battle it in the book, or battle it in a place where you can always find it. Let the words of Jehovah, the merciful God of heaven, comfort you.

16. If you’re in the situation we’ve described, what would be the best way to comfort yourself?

Chapter 9: A young man who came from the camp to join a new church is impressed with it. Chapter 11: A man who had a bad feeling about his wife and went to an Adventist church.

WHEN DOES A PERSON BECOME A FRIEND?

Isaiah 42:16

Isaiah 1:18; 38:17

Isaiah 25:8; 26:19

EDWƐNE 3

We Are Brave, We Are Brave, We Are Brave

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

CHAPTER 12 Jehovah God, the Almighty

We learn about what God knows about us, why we need to be grateful to know him better, and what we can do to serve him better.

Can You Love Jehovah?

“You are in God the Father, and you know the heart that is in you.”—1 ECONOMIANS 28:9.

Are you wondering how great Jehovah’s mind is, how great his compassion is, or how wonderful things he does? When we think about all of these things, we become amazed at our Lord. You might feel like the apostle Paul, who wrote: “Oh, how great is God’s mind, and how great is his wisdom, and how great is his compassion! Oh, how great are they who look at his words, and how great are they who look at his ways!” —Proverbs 11:33, 34.

2 We cannot know everything about Jehovah, but we can know a little about how he does things. Why do we say that? King David told Solomon: “You are the God of your father, and you know what is in your heart, and if you seek him, he will make it known to you.” 28:9) Four decades before David made this statement, the Apostle John also warned his fellow Christians that Jesus would “give us grace to understand the truth.” (1 John 5:20) But Jesus’ father promised that “every one whose heart is set on [God’s] righteousness” would be mindful of God.—Matt. 11:27.

(John 17:3) There is always something new to learn about how he loves us and how we can enhance our relationship with him. This leads us to consider the following questions that we should all ask ourselves regardless of how long we are devoted to worshiping him: (1) What is the God we know? (2) Why do we need to get to know him better? (3) What do we need to do to know him better? (4) What do we need to do to know him better? (5) What do we need to do to know him better? (6) What do we need to do to know him better? (7) What do we need to do to know him better? (8) What do we need to do to know him better? (9) What do we need to do to know him better? (10) What do we need to do to know him better? (11) What do we need to do to know him better? (12) What do we need to know about him better? (13) What do we need to know about him better? (14) What do we need to know about him better? (15) What do we need to know about him better? (16) What do we need to know about him better? (17) What do we need to know about him better? (18) What do we need to know about him better? (19) What do we need to know about him better? (20) What do we need to know about him better? (21) What do we need to know about him better? (22) What do we need to know about him better? (23) What do we need to know about him better? (24) What do we need to know about him better? (2

1. What does our reflection on Jehovah’s mind, wisdom, and actions tell us? 2. What can we learn from Jehovah? 3. What will we consider in this chapter?

14

(3) What can we do to make ourselves appeal to him?

WHAT DOES GOD SAY ABOUT THESE PEOPLE?

4 When we consider the promise that Jehovah made to the Jews who were taken captive in Babylon that he would bring them back to their homeland, we can see that he is the same God as we know. He said: “I will give them a spirit that will make them love me, that they may love Jehovah.” (Deuteronomy 24:7) Indeed, the Jews who were taken captive in Babylon knew a lot about Jehovah, but if they were to know him properly, they would have to draw close to him with all their hearts. Paul said: “There is a great gulf between the Spirit who knows himself and the Spirit who knows him. We can do this by comparing the difference between someone who is self-centered and someone who is self-centered.” If we know that Jehovah has a name and that he is God, we will be satisfied.

5 When we obey Jehovah, we obey what he wants and what he wants not to obey. The Bible says: “In the eighth year of his reign, when he was still a child, he forsook the Lord, and did not seek David his nephew.” (2 Kings 34:3) Because King Josiah had learned something about Jehovah and followed what he had learned, the prophet Jeremiah wrote that he went “to Peleph, and made a covenant with him,” and that he sent those who had heard the news and those who had met him to tell them what had happened. Then Jehovah answered: “Isn’t this the one who is willing to kill me?”—Genesis 22:15, 16.

6 Read Ephesians 9:10. If we know God properly, he will give us the chance to be in his presence forever. The apostle Paul did the same. In his final ephedra, when he was about to speak to them, he wrote: “It is not to me today, for I have known the angel who is my angel.” (2 Tim. 1:12) What Paul learned and what inspired him in his life led him to become completely devoted to God. He was confident that Jehovah would not dislike him and that he would remain faithful to his dedication until he was raised from the dead.

WHY SHOULD WE LOVE GOD’S CHILDREN?

7 When we stop studying about God, we try to get to know him better, but eventually we do it again. Why? Because when we are distracted by the Bible or the church’s guidelines for studying, we focus on how to use it or how to help others. The Bible tells us to do so. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) But the Bible tells us about the angels who inspired them to write it. (Ezek. 25:8-10) So we shouldn’t let our distractions distract us or others. We need to remember to ask ourselves, ‘Why is this so important to Jehovah God?’*

* See section 20 of the Bible Study Guide titled “The Word of God Speaks.”

4. What is Jehovah as we know him?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah about Jehovah as we know him?

6. As Edwin 9:10 tells us, if we know God, how will it help us?

7. If we have served Jehovah alone for many years, what might he know?

JULY 2026 15

8 When we get to know Jehovah better, our relationship with him improves. For example, when we read the Bible every day, watch a television show, or attend a church meeting, what does he say to us? Many of these things bring us closer to our heavenly Father. Why? As we learn more about him, we become more concerned about what we do for him. This opens our hearts to him and makes us more willing to do what he wants us to do. It makes us feel like Edwardian Esau, who reflected on how God was with him and said, “God is the goal of my heart and my companion forever.” (Read Ezekiel 73:24-28.) The more we get to know Jehovah, the more we’ll appreciate our relationship with him.

9 When we “know” Jehovah, we know that if we share what we learn about him and how we act, he will help us make good decisions. (Deuteronomy 3:5, 6) Let us take advantage of this opportunity. Many men and women in the workplace think of him in their heads, or imagine him in their minds, or look for a place where they can always see him. This leads them to think about themselves and how they look at him all the time. It also helps them to make decisions that they do not want to make that would hurt him. Similarly, if we think about Jehovah, he will help us make those decisions.—Isaiah 19:13, 14.

10 Because we are God’s chosen ones, we are encouraged to learn about his qualities. (Gen. 1:26) And as we learn more about God’s qualities, we will learn more about how to learn from him. The lawyers and the Philistines were interested in the good things of Melchizedek, but “they were interested in the things that were more important in Melchizedek, namely, justice, peace, and truth.” (Matt. 23:23) That is why Jesus died on their behalf. Let us not be afraid of those religious leaders, but let us try to understand how God’s laws and principles reflect his qualities, and this will help us to develop some of those qualities.—1 John 4:8, 11.

HOW CAN WE FOLLOW JEHOVA’S WAY?

11 Did someone tell you about Jehovah? Maybe your parents. Maybe they told you about a Bible passage that tells us about God’s characteristics and how things we give reflect his characteristics. Or maybe Jehovah’s Witnesses studied the Bible with you. Maybe the person who studied the Bible with you took a look at the Book of Revelation or another book that inspired you to think about a particular passage in the Bible. He or she showed you how the creatures that he or she gives us can tell us about God’s characteristics.* (Neh. 8:8; Deu. 14:17) Then let’s consider how we can learn more about Jehovah.

12 Finally, we can study the Bible to learn about Jehovah.

8. If we know Jehovah well, how will he guide us in our relationship with him? —Read Ezekiel 73:24-28.

9. If we ‘know’ Jehovah, how will it affect our lives? We are happy.

10. When we complain to Jehovah, what does he make us do?

* Nea Nyia Anyelielɛ Dahuu! book lesson 07 number 5-7.

11. How did Elim see Jehovah?

12-13. What will the Bible teach us about Jehovah? (Genesis 39:15-18) (Look at the picture.)

16 EZINZALƐ ARANE

Think about what Jehovah gives you so that you can know him better (See paragraph 15)

(Ex. 34:6, 7) But most of the time, the Bible tells us about people and their failures. If you’re worried about your fellow Jews, think about what they might have learned about God.

13 Consider this example. If you look at Genesis 38:6-13, you’ll find an account of an Ethiopian man named Ebed-melech who attacked the prophet Gide-maya. First, you’ll see how you can learn from Ebed-melech’s courage, determination, and love for his fellow Israelites. But does this story tell us something about God’s love for Israel? (Read Genesis 39:15-18.) For example, how did God treat his enemy when he was ruthless, greedy, or mean? What other qualities did God see in his enemy? Each time you read a Bible verse, try to identify the characteristics of God that he represents in his scriptures, and be inspired by those characteristics.

14 Secondly, if we reflect on the things that Jehovah commands, we will learn a lot about him. (Proverbs 145:9, 10) Indeed, we shouldn’t look down on creatures, because some people are always looking down on creatures rather than looking up to God’s qualities or to his existence. The apostle Paul wrote that we should know the Lord “by the light that is now visible, which he made when he made the world, so that they might see the things that he made.” 1:20) In this context, a Bible study suggests that “those who think about things well can have the qualities of the Father.” We need to think about what we know in order to have the qualities of the Father.

15 Many of us live in rural areas where there are no trees or other vegetation.

14. What can we do to enjoy the things that Jehovah gives us?

15. What did Patrick do to show that he loved Jehovah, and how can you learn from him? (See the beginning of this chapter.)

JULY 2026 17

If you’re going to a remote place, do you want to learn something from the wildlife? Let’s take Patrick from Brazzaville, a city in the Republic of the Congo, for example. He says: “I’ve tried to get through my routine and see what the wildlife is doing. I’ve seen big birds or large mammals that come out of their burrows to eat or play. I’ve noticed that the mammals are always on the lookout for food. They took some of the things they had there and made them their own, so that they could put them on the altars and worship them.” But Patrick’s view of God was different. He had a better view of the Lord. He said: “I learned that Jehovah cares about the welfare of his creatures, and that even those whose self-esteem is low is not afraid of him. That gave me confidence that he would help me a little bit and give me what I need.”

16 The next thing we need to do is to reflect on what God is doing for us. That’s what Mary, the mother of Jesus, did. She was a good mother, and she was “pleasing in the sight of the Father.” (Luke 1:30) But she was given a great task, namely, to go to the Ark of God. God spoke to the angel Gabriel and his helper Elizabeth, and Mary was made to look up and see that she would be blessed. She reflected on how her situation would make her know God better. She also saw that God was powerful and that he was able to help her.

16. What did Jesus’ mother Melchizedek say that helped her learn more about Jehovah, and how can we learn from it? (Look at the picture.)

Think about what Jehovah is doing for you so that you can understand him better

(Schedule 16)

18 EZINZALƐ ARANE

(Luke 1:46-55) Like Melchisedec, who expressed anxiety about God’s will, let us also express anxiety about the help Jehovah gives us in “the right way.” (Heb. 4:16) As you give guidance, ask yourself: ‘Why is this helpful to Jehovah? What of Jehovah’s qualities is helpful in my life?’

HOW DO WE CARE ABOUT GOD AND HOW DO WE CARE ABOUT OURSELVES?

17 When we think about the many things that we will learn about Jehovah in the new world, we look forward to an exciting new experience that will help us understand what Jehovah wants us to do. (Ezek. 20:12) We appreciate many of the things that he has done so that we can learn more about him. (Ezek. 11:6-9) And the new things that he will—

17-18. Why should we say that we will not stop learning about Jehovah?

Moreover, the one who is our savior who will be resurrected and the one who will bring us into the heavenly kingdom.

18 Because Jehovah is eternal and “his understanding is infinite,” we should always strive to get to know him better. (Isaiah 90:2; 147:5) The Bible says that we can learn “what the true God does from the beginning to the end.” (Proverbs 3:11) Regardless of how long we live in truth, let us take every opportunity to learn more about our loving God.

18: A self-conscious man reflects on how God’s grace led him to take up his ministry in the middle of the school day. 19: A man who had a problem with alcoholism and drug addiction reflects on how God’s grace led him to take up his ministry in the middle of the school day. 20: A man who had a problem with alcoholism and drug addiction reflects on how God’s grace led him to take up his ministry in the middle of the school day. 21: A man who had a problem with alcohol addiction reflects on how God’s grace led him to take up his ministry in the middle of the school day. 22: A man who had a problem with alcohol addiction reflects on how God’s grace led him to take up his ministry in the middle of the school day. 23: A man who had a problem with alcohol addiction reflects on how God’s grace led him to take up his ministry in the middle of

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

■ What is Jehovah as we know him?

■ Why do we need to get to know Jehovah better?

■ How Can We Know Jehovah Better?

CHAPTER 28 Someone Whom Jehovah Respects

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

Don’t Let Anyone Know Jehovah

ARTICLE 79 Will You Leave or Remain?

How do you study the Bible helps you learn more about Jehovah, his qualities, and the ways in which he likes and dislikes us?

“This is eternal life, that they may know you, the only true God.”—JOHANNES 17:3.

How do you feel when a Bible student goes to study, gives advice, shares his faith with others, and then decides to dedicate himself to Jehovah God? Yes, you do, don’t you? Indeed, Jehovah does not want us to use the spiritual excitement we get from studying the Bible as a pretext to deceive him. When we know how we can help someone become spiritually awake, we open ourselves to him.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John 3, 4.

2 God wants “all kinds of people, and not the true understanding of the truth.” (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know him and to understand his purposes better. (Acts 9:24.) This is because he wants people to have true understanding. One elder said that the term “moderate understanding” refers not to a person’s opinion about something, but rather to his or her willingness to change his or her life. If a Bible student dislikes Jehovah, that understanding is how he or she behaves, and it makes him or her unlikely to have “eternal life.”—John 17:3.

3 Jehovah gives us the opportunity to teach others to love him. In this article, we’ll look at the following questions: (1) Why do Bible learners need to know God better? (2) How can we teach them to love God’s qualities? (3) What can we do to help them apply what they learn about God to their lives?

1. If you find that a Bible passage is not accurate, how does it tell you?

2. What does Jehovah consider us to be Bible scholars? —1 Timothy 2:3, 4.

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

20

BOA BAEBOLO SUKOAVO NE MA OUNWU JEHOVA KPALEA

4 Jesus taught that the greatest commandment is to dedicate our hearts, souls, minds, and energies to Jehovah. (Read Mark 12:30.) And to do so, we need to know God. And we need to make sure that our devotion is to God and not to a particular church, religious group, or organization. So when we and our devotees do something together, our ultimate goal is not to do it to please Jehovah and to serve him.

5 If you listen to someone else’s opinions, you’ll make him feel good about you, and if you know that he loves God, you’ll make him feel good about you. Jesus said: “Because the world cannot love the Father, give me the power that the Father has given me to give.” (John 14:31) Moreover, if you listen to someone who loves God, you’ll make him feel good about you, and he will love you forever.—1 John 5:3.

6 If a Bible student knows God well, he will be able to make good decisions. Let us take a step back. If a person is reading a book or watching a movie, he will be able to make good decisions. He will need to read it and talk about it many times so that he can understand it better. And over time, he will learn how to talk about it in different situations. Similarly, a Bible study will not necessarily lead to a better knowledge of God, but he will have to learn from what he is studying and make good decisions. Time

A person who has a deep understanding of the Lord and knows how his heavenly Father works will be able to make the right decisions in any situation.

7 Because of his devotion to Jehovah, he helped his father when he was with his grandfather. When he was young, he followed the example of God when he formed Adam and gave him his father, Eve, and when another man, Evil-ham, married Shelah. (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) This gave him an insight into God’s view of marriage and relationships. When he met his grandfather, he said to him, “Have I done this great folly and sinned against God?” (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) 8 And he said to his grandfather, “Have I done this great folly and sinned against God?” (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) 9 And he said to his grandfather, “Have I done this great folly and sinned against God?” (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) 10 And he said to his grandfather, “Have I done this great folly and sinned against God?” (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) 11 And he said to his grandfather, “Have I done this great folly and sinned against God?” (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) 12 And he said to his grandfather, “Have I done this great folly and sinned against God?” (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) 13 And he said to his grandfather, “Have I done this great folly and sinned against God?” (Deuteronomy 39:7-9) Because he knew what was right and what was wrong in the sight of God, and because he knew what was right and what was wrong in the sight of the Lord, he made a good decision. If we, as Bible learners, learn more about God and His name, we will also know what God wants us to do.

GOD'S HAPPINESS WITH HIS CHILDREN

8 How can you teach a Bible student about God’s characteristics? God asked David 50 questions, and he learned a lot from answering them. (David 38:1–41:34) But we can also ask the questions. The various questions in the Book of Revelation are not intended to help a student learn more about God’s characteristics. (See, “The Best Questions to Ask.”)

4. As Mark 12:30 shows, what should be our primary goal when we study the Bible?

5. If your Bible student worships Jehovah, what will he encourage you to do?

6. How does what you learn about Jehovah in the Bible study help you in your daily life?

7. How did the vision of Jehovah help Philip to make a good decision?

8. How do you use the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures to translate a Bible verse to your language?

JULY 2026 21

Kpuya Ngakyile Lwa Boa Yɛ Ɔmaa Yɛkilehile La

There are many examples of how Bible study can help you learn about Jehovah’s love in the book Watch Out! Let’s take a look at some of them:

“Does Jehovah Know the People Who Proclaim the Good News?” (Lesson 21)

“Does what you have learned about Jehovah and Jesus mean that what is to come [at Magadan] will be great and glorious?” (Lesson 33)

“When You Are Wise and Love Jehovah, How Does He Feel? Why?” (Lesson 34)

“If We Kill Someone Who Loves Jehovah, How Will He Feel?” (Lesson 42)

“Do You Know How Great is Jehovah’s Sinfulness?” (Lesson 56)

“Did you know that the way that the Lord treats sinners is that he is merciful to them, and that it is love?” (Lesson 57)

We believe in Him.”) He answered these questions in the middle of the classroom.

9 When we and others study the Bible, we should encourage them to read the Bible every day.* How can we encourage them to enjoy reading the Bible? We can tell them that whenever they read a Bible passage, they should reflect on how God used his Word to write it, and on the characteristics of God that that passage reveals. This is what the apostle James learned from the story of David. He didn’t talk about David’s failures, but about Jehovah’s kindness and mercy. —Read Jeremiah 5:11.

10 We want to help our students understand what Jehovah thinks or feels about any part of the Bible that they read. For example, let our student look at the section “Read the Bible” in the book Daniel’s New Testament. Then let us see how he thinks about Daniel, who was caught in the storm. How can we encourage him to think about the following questions: “Why did Jehovah think of Daniel? Does this say something about what God wants to do?” (Dan. 6:10, 22) And you may ask yourself: ‘Why did the people who praised Daniel do so? How did their words inspire me to have the characteristics of God?

* The aim of lesson 05 of Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania’s Bible Study Guide is: “Let the chapter entitled ‘Read the Bible’ be your constant reference to the Bible.”

9-10. (a) What do Bible students need to do to get the most out of their Bible reading? (Jeremiah 5:11) (b) How can a Bible study tell us what God wants or dislikes?

22

1000000000000000♠0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000

Make sure your child knows that if he or she chooses to follow a Bible student, he or she will have the same faith in Jehovah as you do. (Appendix 12-13)

(Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) Then he could think about the other qualities of Jehovah that the word revealed to him.—Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 If we focus our attention on what he has learned from our Bible study, it will make us more confident. However, if we focus our attention on what we have learned, it will make us more open about how much we trust him. We should not be afraid of our enemy, but we should let him know that he trusts Jehovah, our Savior and Savior-in-Child. (Isaiah 30:20, 21) He is not the one who is open and trusting.

BOA YOUR MOTHER WAS THE ONE WHO HAD THE YEZUKOA

12 If our younger brother or sister has a better understanding of the truth, he or she must put what he or she has learned into practice. How can we help him or her to put what he or she has learned into practice? First, if he or she wants to share an unfounded statement from the Bible, let him or her share his or her beliefs about Jehovah. For example, if he or she is concerned about one of Jehovah’s prophecies, why would he or she want to share the reasons why God has saved some people and destroyed others? How can you help your younger brother or sister to reflect on those statements?

13 You can encourage your child to reflect on what he or she has learned about God. For example, he or she may ask, “How does God take care of life?” (2 Peter 3:9) Despite our sins, what kind of sacrifice did God make to save us? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Does God take care of people who should not be taken care of? Or does he make people who should be taken care of feel bad about themselves? (Ex. 34:6, 7) At one time, the Bible gave us a number of examples of God’s decisions.

11. How can we help our neighbors know that Jehovah is not concerned about them?

12-13. How will a student’s knowledge of Jehovah help him or her when he or she decides to take a Bible study? (See picture.)

JULY 2026 23

The truth is, let us listen to these words. We have our God and we fully understand him to always do what is right.

14 You can encourage your brother to apply what he has learned about Jehovah in the following ways. For example, if your brother is studying, but he and one of his colleagues are having a good time. Sometimes the colleague’s behaviour is disturbing. You can encourage your brother to think about how God cares about his brothers and sisters. He may ask himself, “What does God do for those whom he cares about?” (John 3:16) Does he care about the peace that is between us? (Proverbs 133:1) What does Jehovah say if we want that peace to be between us? (2 Corinthians 13:1) 13:11) Let your child know that if he focuses on the good qualities of others and follows their example, he will make Jehovah happy.

14. If a friend or colleague is doing well, what can you do wrong?

Go to the Bible school to learn how to make decisions that please Jehovah. (Appendix 15-16)

15 Finally, you can encourage your child to use what he or she has learned about Jehovah to help him or her make a good decision. You can draw his or her attention to lesson 35 in the book Watch out!, titled, “How Can We Know What We’re Watching?” If your child is studying this topic, do you know what he or she is doing? Perhaps the problem is that he or she knows many of the Bible’s principles, but doesn’t know what he or she wants to know. He said: “I will always do what pleases me.” (Read John 8:29.) The student may ask himself, ‘If I do all the different things I’ve done and learned about Jehovah, what will I do that pleases him?’ Let the student know that whenever he makes a decision that pleases Jehovah, he is making a good decision.

16 One woman in Chile who was studying the Bible had an important decision to make. She had set her family up to do a job that would cost her a lot of money, but which would not allow her to go to school. Marianne, who was studying with her, said: “I asked her to think about how her decision would affect her relationship with Jehovah. Would it make her feel better or worse? But I encouraged her to think deeply about her decision and not about how she would affect Jehovah. She did that job, but she found another job that made her feel better.”

15-16. (a) If a Bible student had to make a critical decision, who would be able to inspire her to study Jesus? (John 8:29) (b) What did Marianne do to help her make a better decision? (See picture.)

24 EZINZALƐ ARANE

He didn’t have time to go to school.” Marianne didn’t understand what the teacher had to say to her, but instead helped her think about what she loved about God. This helped her and the teacher’s relationship with God. Marianne said: “She learned that when we worship God together, he helps us.”

THE MAN WHO WAS A FRIEND OF GOD WAS A FRIEND OF GOD

17 By studying the Bible, we learn many important things. One of these things is an introduction to our current situation, the expiation, and the Kingdom. Another thing is that we learn about the organization. One of these things is how we study, how our church leaders work, and what the Neazo Eku is doing. But we don’t want to ignore these truths when we study the Bible. We want to get to know Jehovah better.

18 We have a great opportunity to be grateful to others for being our friends! However, those who know God and serve him will have a great impact on their lives. (Ezek. 25:12-15) Ultimately, those who “get an understanding of the Lord who is in heaven” will have eternal life. (1 John 5:20) But they will also have other blessings. The Bible says that those who seek to know God and serve him are “received by him.” (1 Corinthians 8:3) However, God the Almighty knows who we are, and he wants us to be his friends. What a great blessing it is to know the true God!

18. What blessing will those who know Jehovah receive?

17. What is the most important reason to study the Bible?

ANNOUNCEMENT 24: Marianne's Bible school is overwhelmed by her desire to do a job.

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

Why Does a Bible Student Need to Know Jehovah Well?

How can a Bible study help us learn about God’s qualities?

How can we help a Bible student put into practice what he or she has learned about Jehovah?

EDWƐNE 84

We're Helping

THERE ARE NO SECOND CHOICES

Jehovah Helped Me Become a Successor

KEN KIUCHI ANLOA EDWƐKƐ

I will never forget the last day I worked at the printing press in Brooklyn Branch, New York, U.S.A. When I went to see how the papers used to make the papers were made, I was surprised. The papers were made with the right size to make the papers look good and the papers were oil resistant.

I learned a lot, but the most important thing I learned was the people who were there. There were some of my colleagues and colleagues who were working hard all day long. They were known and respected, but they were very humble and humbled. Their example taught me how to be humble in my service to Jehovah.

Jehovah has been with me for many years, helping me to become a better person, and returning to me. But let me tell you about how I sought the truth when I was a Buddhist.

WHAT ARE THE MELANCHOLY SIGNS IN MY CHILDREN

I was born in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A., and my parents lived there until I was a child. My parents emigrated from Japan to Chicago because they believed that life would be better in America. They wanted their children to go to a good school and have a better life.

My parents were Buddhists and they used to go to the Buddhist temples in the neighborhood where my mother lived. My father and his two brothers were Buddhist leaders. So when I was a kid, it wasn’t easy for me to become Buddhist. If I wasn’t going to school, I would bring incense to the Buddha statue and offer water and oil to it. Then we would go to a smaller Buddha statue and go to the one with a statue, but the statue there was bigger than ours and they used to put flowers on it.

As the years went by, I began to wonder, ‘When I get ten, what’s going on with me?’ I was taught in Buddhism that when I get ten, I’ll live somewhere with a spiritual being. I realized that I’d been there for a long time. I wasn’t a spiritual being, but I didn’t want to do the things I do as a human being anymore. This made me feel more comfortable and helpful.

When I was 15 years old, I realized that I wasn’t going to be able to do the things I did in the temple. I needed something else in my life. (Matt. 5:3) I was completely convinced that there was a God who was all-powerful and all-knowing. I was in love with Him. I didn’t believe that the Bible could answer the questions I had.

26 | EZINZALƐ ARANE

You can buy a King James Version of the Bible at any Jewish church, regardless of whether you have the Bible in your local library or not!

When I was 17 years old, a friend of mine named Wilson Bashou and I met in the woods while I and my sister were going to harvest. He asked me, “Is this the promise of the Lord?” So we studied the Bible together. Wilson quoted Ezekiel 17:1 and asked me, “When did the ‘many waters’ that flowed out of the wells come to rest?” I said yes. Then he told me about the 15 days that the waters came to rest. I was amazed to see that Jehovah God had used the Bible to confirm what was written therein. When we signed up, Wilson gave me a copy of The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life, which I bought as a gift.

A few weeks ago, I started studying the Bible at the Kingdom Hall. I was amazed at how well the congregation treated me. At that time, I had to leave the study room the same day. Then, Wilson invited me to study the Bible with him. I was so keen on studying the Bible that I used to go to church every day to study. My parents were very excited about this, but as I learned more, I became more confident in the truth. They divorced in 1983.

MENGYAKILE YUNIVERSITY EHOLWA AND MENGELE ADEKPAKYELELI

When I was born, I was attending a prestigious university and was studying to become a doctor. My parents made a lot of sacrifices to send me to this university. I couldn’t afford to go to university, but I wanted to do whatever I could to serve Jehovah and devote my time to him.

My dad warned me, “If you drop out of college, I’ll be stuck in my living room!” This made me very angry and depressed. I didn’t listen to my parents and I didn’t want them to listen to me. I was in college, but I used to go to school and pray, “Lord, please help me through this hard time.” When I decided to drop out of college, my dad took me to his house. He called Wilson and told him to leave the room. He said he would stay with me. My whole day--my whole life--was spent in that room, and I couldn't get out of it. I was in such a state of anxiety that I felt like I was dead. I felt like I was dead.

I felt like I had lost my life! Then I had the opportunity to dedicate my whole life to Jehovah. I began my missionary service in 1984.

When I was volunteering, the Lord helped me to develop a lot of good qualities. I learned how to be self-confident in doing what my parents wanted me to do. At one point, I was self-confident enough not to go to church because I didn’t have anyone to go to church with, and that made me feel like I had to. But I tried hard. I went to church about twice a week, and I didn’t want to go anymore.

Me and Wilson Bashou who taught me the truth

JULY 2026 27

I visited my bookstore in Brooklyn.

Me and Michiko Oda

When I told the evolutionist, a young man from the Philippines was there. He said to me, “I don’t want him to lie on my knees.” But he took my advice! I and he stopped studying the Bible and became a missionary.

MENZUKOALE NINYE DOONWO KWA BATATELE

When Wilson and I were two years old, I was called to work at the Brooklyn campus in 1985. As I grew up, I was sent to work at the printing press. One day, while working on the scrapbooking machine, I made a mistake that destroyed a lot of the scrapbooks. The employees told me that I had dismissed the employee who had done the wrong thing. All the people who came to the press conference were shocked, but I didn’t say a word. My ex-girlfriend said to me, "Oh, it's better to have a blowjob." I realized that I had to put my hand in my mouth and take my blowjob.

I learned how to treat others well from the elders of the camp. One day, when we were returning from dinner, I and Dr. Milton Henschel, the head of the Neazo Eku, stood on top of a tree. A lot of people stood on top of the tree where the elders were eating their meals. The elders were eating their meals, but they didn’t care about their mothers. One of the elders who stood on top of the tree came up to us and asked us if we were eating our meals. Mr. Henschel did not listen to what we said. He went up to the disciples who had missed the meal and watched over them. I wasn’t impressed by their lack of scrutiny, but he taught me what Jesus did for his apostles.—John 13:3-5.

28 EZINZALƐ ARANE

“WHY IS IT JAPANESE!”

In 1987, I traveled to Japan and was amazed at the efforts of my brothers and sisters in studying the Bible. I wanted to help them in their ministry, but I wasn’t able to because I didn’t speak Japanese. A woman named Michiko Oda, who served at the camp, looked up at me and said, “You look like a Japanese girl!” I learned a lot. I thought about it, but I knew that her words might change my life one day.

In 1989, I attended a Japanese-speaking conference in Los Angeles, California. I met Miwako Onami, a volunteer who was helping with the production of the drama, and I became very fond of her. I learned Japanese in 1990, and I became a member of the Japanese-speaking congregation in New York City in 1991.

We graduated in 1992, and we had the opportunity to work at Brooklyn Branch. Miwako cares about people and always tries to do something for them. This example helps me to develop my skills in how I deal with others. She is a gift that God gives me and she always keeps me motivated.

JAPAN HAS BETTER THAN ANY OTHER COUNTRY

Afterwards, Miwako's parents were so impressed by the Japanese culture that they gave us a job at the Japanese Embassy so that we could get closer to them and see them. We finally visited the Japanese Embassy in 1999.

The Japanese camp family was very friendly and welcoming. I was impressed by the Japanese community and the work ethic that I learned. The workers worked together and worked in groups. Why? In Japan, people know that when people work together to do something, it helps more than when they try to do it alone. Their good example taught me that I have to give myself up and work with others and not let my own little money go toward the goals of Jehovah.

Because Americans liked me, it made me feel like I was being treated differently by Japanese people.

What we learned

When I was 17 years old, I learned that God’s purpose for the world is not to destroy the world, but to make it better for all people. When I was 18 years old, I learned that God’s purpose for the world is not to destroy the world, but to make it better for all people. When I was 19 years old, I learned that God’s purpose for the world is not to destroy the world, but to make it better for all people. When I was 20 years old, I learned that God’s purpose for the world is not to destroy the world, but to make it better for all people.

My experience at the camp was similar to that of Moses, the prophet. The Lord gave Moses a sheep for 40 years to feed and teach him scripture. When I was with Moses, I went to school for six months. The same thing I learned helped me to grow in self-esteem and self-confidence. The camp helped me to grow in self-esteem and self-confidence. Just as the Lord loved Moses and trusted him, so he loved me and trusted me in these years.

We met Miyako's parents about 24 years ago and they died. She always called them, the mind.

JULY 2026 29

When I was a child, I had to drive to the hospital. At one point, Miwako’s mother, Masako, was sick. She had to take school and church trips with her mother. When she was younger, she had to stay at home. But, in all of this, her love for Jehovah grew. When she talked about the truth, she was good at it. Masako was a great example of how we can be confident and steadfast regardless of our circumstances, and I want to follow her example.

We served at Bethel for 30 years. But in 2024, we were asked to go on a volunteer trip, and that was a huge change in our lives. Let’s say we went on a trip to Okinawa and had the opportunity to witness the destruction of our neighborhood. After the great experience we had at Bethel, she said, “But the change we had to make was too big for us. We tried to plan and prepare ourselves so that we had the time to do our best work. This allowed us to concentrate on the service and on ourselves.” God has given us many Bible scholars who are our friends, and we have no doubt that he wants us to seek out people. Me and Miwako are always thankful to God for this wonderful job he has given us.

HOW CAN I KNOW THAT GOD IS WITH ME?

Even though my family will be raised up before me, but not in the truth, Jesus promised that those who would leave their enemies and become his disciples would have 100 spiritual families. (Mark 10:29, 30) So I am raised up. I am raised up by the people around the world who have praised me and made me look better than my family.

The Method of Truth book that Wilson gave me is in my personal library, and it helped me to better understand the wonderful way in which Jehovah has revealed himself to me. (1 Cor. 28:9) I am determined to take Jehovah to heaven with me and to help others learn the truth that leads to eternal life.

Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan

Me and Miwako going to church in Okinawa

30 EZINZALƐ ARANE

See the Problem Spread!

Does a member of your family do something that can cause a serious breakup in your relationship? If you want to break up with your loved one, you should (1) deal with it immediately and (2) have no intention of having a relationship again.*

Let's take an example. If someone wants to be a ruler, he has to be able to make the girl like him. But if the mother is quick to get angry, she's going to be able to make the girl like herself. The worst thing is that she can't get the ruler to stop doing what the girl is doing.

Just as a ruler wants to make a deal quickly, so should you, if you and your Christian neighbor are in a bad relationship. If you do, the relationship will get worse. It will make you angry and break you up completely. Jesus said, “He who is angry, let him know the word quickly.” (Matt. 5:25) If you and your neighbor have a nice conversation about something that makes you angry, what does this mean? Two things.

Lastly, you should try to stay away from the situation because you are not the one to talk about it. #MeToo

* We need to make sure that when we hear a bad thing about someone else, we take it seriously. (Matt. 5:23, 24) But if it’s a serious matter, we need to ask our leaders to take action. (Matt. 18:17) However, a Christian should use the example in Matthew 18:15, 16 and bring it to their attention.

# If one of our closest relatives is broken up, we can rely on ourselves to overcome the adversity.—Proverbs 26:20.

For example, two women, Zebediah and Zenekiah, who were supposed to be in a relationship with each other, seem to have been in trouble because even the Apostle Paul, who lived at the time, urged them to do whatever it took to be in a relationship with each other. (Phil. 4:2) If they were to become more steadfast, they would tell each other what they had done wrong, and if they would forgive each other, they would be in a good relationship again.

Second, it is not your fault that the other person has been abused. But it is not your fault that you have been abused by your friend. If your friend has been abused by someone else, it is your fault that he or she has been abused, not your fault that the other person has been abused by you. If you and your friend have been abused by someone else, it is your fault that you have been abused by that person. It is your fault that you have been abused by that person.

The Bible tells us to “get rid of the sin that is in the heart” (Ephesians 4:26). If we do what we can to get rid of the problem as soon as possible, it will help us overcome the “passion that is in us.”—Ephesians 4:1-3.

JULY 2026 31

THE FOUR FACTS ABOUT YHWH'S BELIFULNESS

July 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 7 NZEMA

OUR MAGAZINE HERE YOU ARE

What We’ll Study September 7-13 | 2 What We Learn from the Bible

What to Study on September 14-20 | 8 Isaiah’s Prophecy and the Book of Revelation

What We’ll Study on September 21-27 | 14 Can Jehovah Help Us?

What We’ll Study September 28–October 4 | 20 Good News for Those Who Know Jehovah

26 Jehovah Has Helped Me Get Out of My Substance Addiction

See the Trouble Pass! | 31

THE DEBIE THAT WE NEED TO KNOW

Know the Cause of Your Desire

When we go to school, we have the opportunity to help strengthen our brothers and sisters. (Heb. 10:24, 25) How can we show ourselves to be able to strengthen others?

• Talk about it. May Jehovah help you find ways to bring glory to him and strengthen others.—Ezekiel 35:18.

• Don't be afraid to ask for help. If you talk about your faith when you ask for help, it will help the people who are looking for you.

• Give long-distance help. The long-distance help that comes with it is very encouraging, and it makes it easier for more people to get help.—Mark 10:19.

• Have a positive attitude toward your helpers. Your helpers admonish you in front of the church or a member of the congregation, and you admonish them in front of the church or a member of the congregation.

How can you encourage someone who is struggling with the same problems as you? Change your focus so that they can see that you are doing the right thing.—Mark 10:21.

This booklet is a donation to the Worldwide Bible Study Foundation, a charitable organization that helps people who are struggling financially. If you would like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

For a more detailed description of the Scripture, see Scripture Conversation—The Truth of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website or click on this icon.

JW.ORG

w26.07-NZ