JUNE 2026

THE NEW WORLD TRIBUTE TO GOD

ADESUA NSƐM: AUGUST 10–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

DWOM 122 Muntintim, Munnhinhim!

Whatever difficulty we encounter, whether it is physical or emotional, we can overcome by believing in Jehovah.

How Can We Stay Faithful to Jehovah When We Are Troubled?

“Lord, to whom shall we go? For thou hast done all the promises.”—JOHN 6:68.

Once, Jesus was teaching many disciples in Capernaum. He said to them: “If you eat the Son of Man’s flesh and drink his blood, you have salvation in yourselves. Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood will have salvation forever, and he will have eternal life.” (John 6:53, 54) When the disciples said that, many of them said: “This is a terrible thing; who can stop it?” —John 6:60.

2 Those who were impressed by Jesus’ words followed him. Did they do so because of their faith? Yes. Jesus must have done something before this story was told. What he did made his disciples so shocked that they said, “This is the Messiah who is to come into the world.” (John 6:14) So it is obvious that those disciples were with Jesus, but when something impressed their faith, they followed him.

3 And his disciples came to him, and he said unto them, Will ye also follow him? Peter answered and said unto him, Lord, unto whom shall we go? for thou hast promised all things: and we have heard that thou art the Son of God.

1-2. When Jesus was preaching in Capernaum, what did he say?

3. What did the apostles do about Jesus’ words, and why? (See also the footnote.)

2

And many of the disciples followed Jesus: but Peter and the other apostles followed him.

(See paragraph 3)

(John 6:68, 69) Peter and the other apostles seemed to be dismayed by Jesus’ words that they should give up their lives and drink his blood, but they decided to follow him. Why? They must have been convinced that Jesus was “the Christ whom God has chosen.”—Luke 9:20, 35.

4 Although we love Jehovah, there are some things that can make us think about ourselves. For example, how do we react to a Bible passage, how do we do our ministry, how do we react when our brothers and sisters who are in front of us do something wrong? Or, if we are faced with a difficult situation, why does Jehovah do something for us? Or, if a Christian brother or sister, or someone we care about, does something bad for us, how do we react?

4. What should we look out for?

5 God requires that we have a strong faith to be able to stand firmly on our feet. For example, if we believe that there is a limit to where the heavens are. If the heavens were equal to the earth, the limit would be twice as high. As for us, we have an obligation to keep our faith strong and to stand firmly when we are challenged. If we keep our faith strong, every obstacle that comes our way will be overcome and we will be able to stand firmly on our feet. —1 Cor. 15:58; read Colossians 1:23.

6 And many of his disciples went after him, but the apostles did not. What did this help them? For they were convinced that God was worthy of their obedience, since he had created all things, and that he was the Son of God,

5. Why we need to cultivate the faith that is in us. (Colossians 1:23)

6. Why did the apostles follow Jesus?

JUNE 2026

3

When we talk about the challenges we may face, let’s focus on a few facts that will help us overcome them. These are the most important ones: (1) Jehovah created all things. (2) Jehovah commanded the Bible to be written. (3) Jehovah is behind his people. If we take these facts seriously, we will find that there is no obstacle that we can overcome that will make us love Jehovah. (4) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (5) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (6) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (7) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (8) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (9) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (10) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (11) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (12) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (13) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (14) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (15) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (16) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (17) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (18) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may encounter. (19) We will find that we can overcome every obstacle that we may en

GOD IS THE ONE THAT MAKES ALL THINGS HAPPY

7 Read Revelation 4:11. The Bible tells us that Jehovah created all things. That truth clearly shows that he needs us to love him. And considering his great power, we can be confident that if he needs us, he will be able to save us. Satan tried to mislead people into believing that there is a God. Most scientists agree that the world and everything that exists have been created in this way. Therefore, we need to be confident that Jehovah and the Creator love us. If we do this, when we encounter a difficulty, our minds may make us think that Jehovah really exists, not that he is there to help us.—Hebrews 11:6.

8 If you think that it wasn’t Jehovah who created the universe, don’t worry. You will find plenty of evidence in our publications that proves that Jehovah created all things. You can find more evidence in the books Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking. You can find more evidence in the video “Did Life Begin?” on jw.org.

7. What does Revelation 4:11 tell us about Jehovah, but what should we think when we are confronted with difficulties?

8-9. If you believe that there is no God, what should you do? (See also the chapter.)

Photo credit: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; photo credit: Mercedes-Benz USA; video credit: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

You may have read the book Was Life Created? before, but you can read it now (see paragraph 8).

Jessica, who lives in the United States, says: “When I first read the Origin of Life book, I was thrilled to find out that someone who knew the truth had created the world. I didn’t know that, but when I read the book, I became convinced that there was a God.” The How Can You Be Anxious? book, chapters 6 and 7, also helps many people. You may have read these books several times, but you can do it more easily.

9 Therefore, if you want to know more about the evidence of God’s existence, you can continue your research into the existing evidence. Your research will help you to establish your belief in God’s existence, and it will help you to understand God better. (Rom. 1:20) And you can help those who believe that God exists. So what do we say? Jehovah creates many things, and all of them bear witness to his existence.

GOD WANTS US TO READ THE BIBLE

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. Jehovah wrote the Bible for us. It answers the most important questions, and it shows us what he wants us to do. We believe that Jehovah wrote the Bible, which is why every book is more important to us than the Bible. So we should take care of what we read in the Bible and try to contribute to it.

11 Why is it so important that Jehovah

10. Why is the Bible so important to us? —2 Timothy 3:16, 17.

11. What makes you so confident that the Bible was written by God?

(Luke 3:1, 2) And when it comes to deeds, it is absolutely true. (Job 26:7) Satan’s attempts to deceive the Bible are successful. Why? There is no doubt that every book on earth is translated into many languages and that there are people who know more than the Bible. The Bible was written by about 40 people, about 1,600 years before it was written, but their writings are exactly the same. Although they were incomplete, their truthful accounts are helpful to many people today. (Proverbs 27:11; 28:11; 29:11; 30:11; 31:11; 32:11; 33:11; 34:11; 35:11; 36:11; 37:11; 38:11; 39:11; 40:11; 41:11; 42:11; 43:11; 44:11; 45:11; 46:11; 47:11; 48:11; 49:11; 49:12; 49:12; 49:13; 49:14; 49:15; 49:16; 49:17; 49:18; 49:19; 49:20; 49:21; 49:22; 49:23; 49:24; 49:25; 49:26; 49:27; 49:28; 49:28; 49:29; 49:28; 49:29; 49:29; 4 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) Moreover, there are many prophecies in the Bible, which are evidence that we can rely on it. (Josh. 23:14) Indeed, there is no doubt that the Bible was written by God!

12 What should we do if we sometimes think that the Bible was written by God? We should talk to Jehovah about it and do some research. For example, an elderly woman named Jordan, whose parents believed in the truth, said: “It’s not that I’m afraid of anything. It’s that I try to find out if it’s true. The truth is that my mind has power over me. If it does, I try to do some research in our books so that I can find answers to my questions and give my mind some rest.

12. What should we do if we sometimes think that the Bible was written by God?

JUNE 2026

5

Jehovah’s Witnesses are loyal because love and unity make us stronger (See paragraph 16)

If we go out and look for evidence that it was Jehovah who wrote the Bible, our faith will be strengthened.—1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

GOD'S WORSHIP AND HIS WORSHIPERS

13 Indeed, a Jehovah’s servant might ask, “Why is it so important for Jehovah’s Witnesses to believe that this is the truth?” If you think so, you should take it very seriously; let’s do something about it right away. You can ask yourself the following important questions: ‘Why did the Henans try so hard to apply Bible principles to their life? Why did they base all their teaching on the Bible?’ (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) ‘Why are the Henans doing Jehovah’s work today?’ —Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 Jesus said that the gospel of the Kingdom would be preached throughout the world in the last days. We ask, “Are the Gentiles doing this work?” (Matt. 24:14)

13. What should we do if our thoughts make us think that we are not faithful to Jehovah’s Witnesses?

14. What do Jehovah’s Witnesses do in response to Matthew 24:14?

We have been preaching about God’s Kingdom in more than 240 countries. We have been doing this work for more than 100 years. In fact, the preaching and teaching work is more important to us than anything else.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:10. God’s name, Jehovah, has been given to us, and we are ashamed to be called Jehovah’s Witnesses. Most people in the world know that name, but we don’t use it where it should be used in the Bible. In the Bible Translation of the Holy Scriptures—With References, the word Jehovah appears more than 7,000 times.

16 See John 13:34, 35. Therefore, if you look at the world, it is full of sins.

15. What do Jehovah’s Witnesses do to promote the use of God’s name? —Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10.

16. Why can we say that the commandment in John 13:34, 35 allows Jehovah’s Witnesses to work? (See also the footnote.)

6 SEPTEMBER

As Jehovah’s Witnesses, we are proud because we are united by love and unity. We live in different countries and speak different languages, and each one of us is a gift from God. We strive to maintain peace and love among ourselves. Would you like to go on a mission somewhere else? If so, you may find that love and unity are very important among our brothers and sisters. All of this shows that Jehovah wants his servants to do his work today. If we reflect on this, whatever difficulty we encounter, we can be faithful to Jehovah.

NNYAE JEHOVA AKYI DI DA

(2 Tim. 3:1, 13) In the future, we may encounter other challenges, such as a decision made by Jehovah’s congregation, a commandment given to us that we must obey, or a friend who does something that makes us feel good about ourselves. If we continue to face these challenges, we may begin to think about what we are doing, and our thoughts may change.

18 In all of this, we can rely on Jehovah’s truth. Why? We must believe that Jehovah is the Creator, that he wrote the Bible, and that he followed his people. Therefore, in the same way that Peter said to Jesus, we can say to Jehovah: “Where shall we go?

17-18. What challenges can we face, and what can we learn from them?

LEARN FROM THE EXPERIENCE Section 6: A man and his wife enjoyed their time in the garden, and they were pleased to see that one of their brothers was serving as a Jehovah’s Witness.

IF JESUS SHOULD DIE, WHY SHOULD THE NOKWASHEM ATITIRIW MIANSA BE KILLED?

■ Jehovah Made All Things

■ Jehovah Wrote the Bible

■ Jehovah Follows His People

JWV 123 God’s Plan for Your Life

AUGUST 17-23, 2026

DWOM 90 Monhyɛ Mo Ho Nkuran

WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU ARE FRIENDLY TO ANOTHER PERSON What to do if there’s a fight or a dispute between you and your brother or sister.

What We Can Do to Help Our Neighbors

“Let your hearts be clean, your minds, your hearts, your hearts, and your hearts be clean.”—COL. 3:12.

“Yes, we need great comfort in this evil world. Jehovah knows that our neighbors can take care of us.” Did you say that? Our hymn titled “Young Father” is based on that. We are delighted that Jehovah gives us neighbors in his congregation! (Deut. 119:63) We are a loving family that loves us more than anything else.

2 The friendship we want to have with our brothers and sisters should not be just about food. It should be about what makes us happy. But we must remember that such friendships are not just about food; they are about work. We are a family that loves Jehovah and Jesus, and that love makes us stronger. (John 13:35) Moreover, because the vineyard is close to the fire, two people who have evil thoughts about each other, it is true that questions can arise.

3 The truth is that we don’t want to talk to some people more than we want to talk to others. Why? It’s because we may feel the same way about things that they feel, or about things that we feel the same way about. If some people are around us, we may feel like we need to talk to them. Sometimes, we may have different opinions, and that may make us question ourselves. Sometimes, we may not know how they feel, so we may feel like we need to talk to them, or we may feel like we need to talk to them. Sometimes, a Christian brother or sister may be seriously ill, or suffer from an illness. If that is the case, we may feel like we need to talk to him or her. In these conclusions, we will look at how the

1. Where do we find ourselves? 2. When should we be kind to our brothers and sisters? 3. Why do we have to be kind to our brothers and sisters?

8

Jesus’ example can help us when we have issues with our brothers and sisters. But before we do that, let’s look at some ways we can improve our relationships with our brothers and sisters.

SUBAN PA A EBETUMI ABOA YƐN AMA YƐNE YUANOM NTAM AKƆ SO AYƐ KAMA

4 If we are going to do good with our brothers and sisters, we need to focus on what they are doing wrong. When we do this, it helps us to understand what they are doing wrong. The apostle Paul wanted to follow his brothers and sisters and do good with them. For example, he wrote to the Thessalonians: “We have made every effort to show ourselves to you.” (1 Thess. 2:17) Some find that what makes their brothers and sisters feel most comfortable is when they are face-to-face with them. So when we go to church, a service, or a meeting, we have many opportunities to talk to them. If we feel that there is a problem between us and our brothers and sisters, perhaps the person we call will be able to fix it.

5 When a dispute arises between us and our brothers and sisters, we can use our kindness and compassion. (Read Colossians 3:12.) If we cultivate kindness, compassion, compassion, and compassion, we will be able to resolve any dispute that may arise between us and our brothers and sisters. Just as oil works well on the skin, compassion helps us to resolve any dispute that may arise between us and our brothers and sisters. Let’s look at some of the kindnesses that can improve our relationship with our brothers and sisters. In each of them, we will look at how we can imitate Jesus’ kindness, compassion, compassion, and compassion. We will help ourselves and our brothers and sisters to reach out to each other more easily.

BERE A WO NE OBI ADWENE NHYIA

6 Why can it cause anxiety? If two people are having a discussion about something, you might find that each of them thinks that his or her opinion is the most important. Let’s say two brothers are making a plan for their meeting. One of them thinks it’s a good idea, and the other thinks it’s a bad idea. Each of them thinks that his or her opinion is the most important. We don’t have to talk about it, but do you know that their opinions can cause anxiety and break up their relationship? If you look at the preparation of the discussion, it can make each of them feel that their opinions can cause anxiety and break up their relationship. In short, the more you look at it, the closer they get to each other.

7 Imitate Jesus’ self-restraint. Jesus taught his disciples that self-restraint can help them prepare when they are distressed about something. His disciples were concerned about what was important to them. Such self-restraint was very important to them. Jesus therefore taught them that if they were able to overcome such self-restraint, they would have to be self-restraint, and others would have to think of them as being less than them. (Matt. 20:25-28) When Jesus was about to die, he set an “example” for his disciples; he took his own self-restraint to overcome them. This was a difficult task.

4. What can we do to help our fellow human beings feel comfortable?

5. What will help us to settle any issues between our brothers and sisters? Use a parable to illustrate this. (Colossians 3:12)

6. If you and your partner are in disagreement about something, what can you do to help?

7. How did Jesus make his disciples understand that when they had conflicting opinions about something, they needed to be honest?

JUNE 2026 9

If you’re careful, you’ll be more sensitive to the issues that arise between you and your brothers and sisters, and you’ll be more willing to share your thoughts with them.

(See paragraph 8)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) Jesus instructed them not to do things that would cause conflict between them. If they felt that others did not like them, or if they had disagreements about something, they would ignore them; instead, they would ask questions.

8 What can you do to improve your relationship with your brothers and sisters? If you’re honest, you’ll be more open-minded about the issues that arise between you and your brothers and sisters. (Read Colossians 3:13.) If you and your brother or sister are in disagreement about something, honesty will help you resolve it. If you don’t do so, your relationship with your brother or sister may be ruined. (Deut. 4:4.) If your brother or sister says something that hurts you, tell him or her that sometimes we all have the power to say something that will make you feel better later on. (Prov. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself, ‘Why is it so important for me to know who I am and who I am talking to, and to know who I am talking to?’ You can help him understand what he is saying by listening to what he is saying. Then, talk to him about what happened, and talk to him about how he feels about it.

⁹ If you do anything to settle a dispute between you and someone else, be careful to do so. Know from your mother that you are the one who speaks. (Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7.) Don’t let anything break your relationship. Many brothers and sisters go to their brother or sister to settle a dispute. (Deut. 34:14.) So if you go to the one who has something to say, say, ‘We have become friends today; let’s not let this thing happen between us. Let’s see if it happens.’ Let him know that you have something to say that will make it happen, and that what you have done that has made him angry should be taken seriously. And if your brother or sister takes seriously you, be careful and take it seriously. (Luke 17:3, 4) That is, you go there to explain what his word means, and what

8. If you and your brothers or sisters are in conflict, how can honesty help you improve your relationship with them? (Colossians 3:13) (See also the footnote.)

9. If you do anything to get someone to agree with you, how can you be helped by being humble? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 SEPTEMBER

He is the one who speaks the truth. So make sure that you are in harmony with each other and that you respect each other’s opinions.—Proverbs 18:24.

BERE A ESONO SƐNEA WO SUBAN NE AFOFORO DE TE

10 For why is it so? For there are some who sin as we do, and as we do, and therefore we think that they are human; and there are some who do things that we do not like; and there are some who, because of their self-interest, or because of their self-interest, or because of their self-interest, or because of their own self-interest, or because of their own self-interest, or because of their own self-interest, or because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own self-interest, and because of their own

11 Follow Jesus’ example. Jesus’ power and the people who are his followers are as important to him as their followers are to mankind. For example, the apostles James and John once urged Jesus to give them greater authority in his Kingdom. This indicated that they wanted to be admired by mankind. (Mark 10:35-37) Despite this, Jesus’ followers had greater power and authority on earth than he had in his heart. (Philippians 2:5-8) It was clear that the two apostles were too powerful, and that was what Jesus did. In all of this, Jesus went on to take away the authority of James, John, and others.

12 Jesus was sure that his disciples would do everything correctly at all times. He knew that many of his disciples had the same attitude as James and John. (Mark 9:34) Jesus took care of them, because where we took care of them, he took care of himself. Where we took care of them, the conditions and ways in which they were treated were different. Jesus felt sorry for them. He knew that we would not be able to complete the work that had taken more than twenty years to complete. So he knew that it would be too late for his disciples to take care of it.—Mark 10:42-45.

13 What can you do to improve your relationship with your brothers and sisters? If our brothers and sisters are suffering from something we don’t like, we should try to take care of them. (Proverbs 14:29) We all have some kind of suffering. It’s not that it’s bad, but it’s the kind of suffering that makes each one of us feel ill. So, as we do, when others are hurting us, it makes us feel ill. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) Therefore, if others are suffering from something we don’t like, we should try to take care of them. For example, consider how it feels for someone who is selfish or self-centered to talk about others, or to talk with them. Therefore, if you are selfish or self-centered, you should be self-centered. While not everyone can be self-centered, it is important to remember that Christians who are self-centered are more likely to be self-centered than those who are self-centered.

14 If we do this, it will help us to concentrate on the sufferings of our brothers, so that we do not forget our brothers who are suffering in the same way as we do. For example, James and John loved their brothers as they loved themselves.

10. What can cause us to treat our neighbors as human beings?

11. How did Jesus’ authority over the wicked be as great as their authority over mankind?

12. What helped Jesus to take pride in his disciples?

13. How will our brothers and sisters help us improve our relationship with them? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. What do we focus on when we are in trouble?

JUNE 2026 11

Young men encourage their brothers and sisters and show them their love (See paragraph 19)

Jesus knew that they had faith. So, when we look at how our brothers and sisters live, we are inspired to follow Jesus and his Son, Jehovah.

15 If we can be like our brothers and sisters who feel like their brothers and sisters feel like human beings, it is very important that we pray to Jehovah that he will forgive us. Pray about any grievance you may have and say to Jehovah that, if it happens, he will forgive you. Remember that Jehovah created us, and he knows how each one of us is. So when you pray, be sure that Jehovah has something to help you go about forgiving your brothers and sisters. And if you feel that your brothers and sisters feel bad, ask Jehovah to give you your holy spirit and help you to take hold of them.—Luke 11:13; Galatians 5:22, 23.

BERE A YOUN NUANOM REHU AMANE

16 Why should we be afraid? If our brothers and sisters are in judgment or trying to-

(Job 6:2, 3) We may not understand all of what our brothers and sisters say or do, so we may feel that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear, or that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear, or that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear, or that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear. (Job 6:2, 3) We may not understand all of what our brothers and sisters say or do, so we may feel that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear, or that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear, or that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear, or that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear, or that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear, or that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear, or that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear, or that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear, or that they are telling us something that we don’t want to hear

17 Follow Jesus’ compassion and compassionateness. Jesus had compassion for those who were being persecuted, and he did something to help them, those whom he met every day. Let’s take the example of a poor man named Bartimaeus. At one time, he was on a couch and he thought Jesus was walking; there he began to shout so that Jesus’ attention would come to him. Some of the people there told him that he wasn’t compassionate, but he did not listen to what they were saying. He must have been very anxious that Jesus was going to die, so he began to cry very loudly. What Bartimaeus did seemed to amaze some of the crowd. His words made Jesus “compassionate.” (Matt. 20:34; Mark. 10:46-52) Jesus said

15. If we can help our brothers and sisters who have fallen as they fell, who can help us?

16. If one of our brothers or sisters is in trouble, what can we do to help him or her?

17. As Jesus brought the blind man Bartimaeus, what did he learn from him?

12 SEPTEMBER

Bartimaeus stood up and prayed for his faith, and he was made to see.

18 What can you do to improve your relationship with your brothers and sisters? Be kind. If you are kind, you can “comfort” brothers and sisters who are grieving or afflicted. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) You can say that you are always there for them, “when they are grieving.” (Proverbs 17:17) A person who is kind does not only comfort those who are grieving, but also encourages them, admonishes them, and does something good for them.

19 What good things can we do to cultivate kindness and compassion? Although we can’t help our neighbor’s suffering, we can feel for him or her and do something to help him or her a little bit. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) If he or she talks about his or her grief, listen to him or her, and if he or she feels comfortable, try to give him or her something to comfort him or her. (Proverbs 12:25) Remember that he or she has a deep understanding of what he or she is going through. (Proverbs 18:13) Try to take his or her mind and make sure that whatever he or she says or does is right. —Eph. 4:32.

20 For it is a grief to us that we have many friends in the church, and that we all feel hurt, and that many of us are in a state of despair, so that sometimes we may say something or do something that will later offend us. Therefore, if we do something that pleases our brothers, and if they look at us with affection, and have compassion on us, and show us kindness, and treat us as human beings, it is a great pleasure to us. Therefore, let us all strive to be human beings.

20. What kind of person do you want to be?

18. What can you do to help brothers who are struggling? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. How can we improve our relationships with others? (See also paragraph 19.)

CHAPTER 10: A broken-hearted man and a broken-hearted woman are discussing how to get a job on a farm, but they disagree. Later, they go to court.

THEN YOU WILL BE WITH YOU AND YOU WILL BE WITH YOU...

when you and their thoughts collide on something?

When did you find out that you were pregnant?

Why would you want to be re-elected?

DWOM 124

Yebedi Okwere Daa

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

HOWTO 65 Go Ahead!

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

How our ministry has helped us.

How Our Schools Are Structured Is Good for Us

“I have given all my heart to Jehovah in the congregation.”—D&C 111:1.

(Deut. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) At the same time, you may speak about a small group of brothers who are preaching the good news of the Kingdom “to all the earth.” (Matt. 24:14) When we preach the good news of the Kingdom “to all the earth,” we are encouraged by the ways in which we preach.

2 What are some examples of teaching tools that help us to preach? A sister named Wendy* says: “Teaching tools help me a lot. They give me a new way to preach from my comfort zone, increase my understanding, and help me feel more confident, more motivated, and have more friends.” A sister named Rich adds: “The way I learn from my pastors is great for me. For example, when brothers and sisters encourage one another to take responsibility for their own lives, the elders learn how to help the elder to continue to do good in Jehovah’s service for many years to come.” A sister named Dinah said: “I realized that I was in a ministry group, and my elders looked at me as abusive.”

* This is a preliminary estimate.

1-2. How did some people feel about the forms of ministry?

14

3 In this chapter, we will look at a number of things. First, we will look at the ways in which priests and elders treat their congregations. Second, we will look at what each of us can do to help the congregation. And, lastly, we will look at the ways in which our congregations treat us.

ASSEMBLY OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL AND THE SECRETARY-GENERAL'S ASSEMBLY

4 If the pastor is the head of the congregation, the elders in the congregation ask him to encourage the brothers in his congregation to take part in Jehovah’s work. What does he do? In other words, he takes care of the elders in his congregation. (Prov. 27:23) As a shepherd who cares about his flock, he takes care of the elders in his congregation to see how things are going with them. By doing so, he makes his congregation feel that he loves them and wants them to love Jehovah. He also knows how to do good things for them. (Prov. 12:25; Isa. 32:2; Jacob. 2:15-17) Secondly, he helps each angel in his rank to devote himself to the ministry. He puts his soul and mind to the ministry, and then he finishes the work. He also takes each angel to the ministry, and replaces him. If he is unable to go to the ministry for some reason, he takes care of him.

* If there is a elder in the congregation, they may place a congregational servant who takes care of the shed under the authority of a elder. A congregational servant who takes care of the shed is called a shed servant because he is not the keeper of the congregation. However, whatever he does, he is instructed by the elders in the congregation.

3. What will be discussed in this chapter?

4. (a) What are the main duties of a church superintendent? (b) What do church superintendents do for the church? (See the section entitled "What Can a Superintendent Do.")

Nea Epotensi Aboa Kuw Soobserfo

• Make the ministry meetings timely; they should not be overdue, so that the brothers and sisters have time to get on with the ministry work immediately.

• Make sure that you and your spouse go to church together; those who are unable to go to church for any reason should also do so. You may be able to go to church with your spouse at a different time, or at a later date.

• Support your elders at all times. You can support them at their home, at the Kingdom Hall, or anywhere else that helps. You can also call them on the phone, or write them a letter of support.

• Promote male brothers so that they can take leadership roles in the congregation.

• If your brothers and sisters are going to church, you are the one who must take them to church.

(1 Tim. 3:1; 1 Tim. 4:11) She also helped her brothers in the congregation, who were in the same situation as herself, by giving them Bible lessons. She also helped her brothers in the congregation who were in the same situation as herself, by giving them Bible lessons.

JUNE 2026 15

Because of the importance of the work of the pastors, the elders see to it that they have a responsible leader who is entrusted with this task.

5 Something might motivate a congregational superintendent to help his congregation as he should. For example, Jörg, a congregational superintendent at a congregation in Germany, said: “If I want to do my job as a congregational superintendent and do all the work that I have to do in the congregation, there are times when it’s hard. Therefore, it makes me feel like I need to work together with my congregational superintendents.” For example, Abel, a 70-year-old congregational superintendent in Uganda, said: “With so many elders and ministers, the ministry practices in our congregation have become less effective. Therefore, as much as I would like to help my neighbor, I am willing to do so.” Obed, a congregational elder in Suriname, says: “I feel like helping others. I know that it takes time and effort, and sometimes it takes a long time before you see the benefits of helping others. Therefore, I feel like helping others.” What can help neighbors who are facing such challenges?

6 But if it be necessary, let the office of the church be open, that the ministers of the church may see all the ministers of the church, and encourage them to grow in the faith. And if the elders of the church are not present, let the elders of the church give the minister of the church the office of the minister of the church.

A congregational leader can represent a congregational member in his or her ministry; he or she may be able to attend church meetings (see paragraph 7).

When the number of angels in the congregation decreases, it can make the elders more concerned about their congregation. The elders’ main task is to help their brothers and sisters grow in faith, and a stronger congregation can help them do their work better.

7 If you are a watchman in the elders’ council, make sure that you are willing to defend your husband so that he will encourage you to take care of God’s people. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) You can arrange for your husband to do some work for you, such as attending church meetings on occasion. You can pray with your husband about what you can do to help your watchmen succeed. If you go to watchmen’s meetings to help them, you and your husband should go together. Before you go, you and your husband should discuss what you want to do. Read the watchmen’s report.

5. What is the importance of having two accounting supervisors?

6. If the church records are inadequate, how does this help the overseers of the records?

7. In the elders’ council, what can the overseers of the congregations do to help all the people in their congregations? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also the footnote.)

16 SEPTEMBER

(2 Tim. 2:2) You can help the elders in your congregation who are out of touch with you to be out of touch with you as well. For example, you can help the elders and brothers in your congregation who are out of touch with you to bring the non-believers and those who are out of touch with you to the congregation. They can help them learn how to conduct conversations, and how to be in touch with the Bible. Now, let’s look at a few things we can all do to help our congregations succeed.

BOA W’ASƐNKA KUW

8 Instead, go to church with your supervisor. When you go to church with others, everyone knows the counselor and the place where you are. (Read Romans 1:12.) If you go to church with someone, it helps you to show that you are a faithful witness. Also, the place where you go to church is close to you and the person who is giving you a ban. If your job requires you to go to church with your supervisor, you can go with your supervisor and ask him to see if he can assist you on the day you go to work. He may take your seat and answer your questions for you. (Neh. 2:4-6) If you are sick or unwell and you don’t want to go to church, talk to your supervisor about it. He or she may arrange for you to attend one of the meetings over Zoom, and then bring your friend or family member to testify on behalf of you, or you will write a statement to testify.

If so, you and your spouse can make arrangements to attend each ministry meeting. Perhaps the things you do in your life will require you to focus on Jehovah rather than on yourself. (Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) If you do that, you and your spouse will both benefit. So pray to Jehovah that he will give you “the will and the power to do.”—Philip. 2:13.

(Read Romans 12:13.) For example, we can arrange for a congregation to hold a church meeting in our area. If there is a congregation, they can arrange that whenever a member of the congregation offers a place for a service in their area, one of the congregation’s members bombs up. If the members of the congregation are unable to meet, a member of the congregation may want to meet them and arrange for a meeting. A particular congregation member named Sarah said: “When I call people to my congregation, I lose my power, and that’s why I do what I do. If I’m concerned about whether the door is open or not, I’ll focus on my brothers and sisters with whom I have a good conversation.” (Proverbs 20:35) If we take care of ourselves in the church, we’re helping others to learn about Jehovah and ourselves. —Neh. 8:10; Pro. 20:35.

10 Therefore, if we want to preach the good news correctly, we must be confident that we will continue in our ministry.

8. What can you do to help your preaching? (Romans 1:12)

9. What can we do to improve our ministry? (Romans 12:13)

10. What can we do if we need to take a step back in our ministry? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also the footnote.)

JUNE 2026 17

Because of the small size of the courtroom, it is easy to feel the courtroom is too small, and it is hard to do the courtroom work.

(See paragraph 10)

(Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) You can also talk to an elder or an angel who lives in your congregation to help you. (Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) A sister named Heather did that. She said: “I told one elder that I wanted to go to church with him. He made an arrangement that I would go to church with him all the time, and he took me with him. The person I used to go to church with stopped talking to me, and that helped me learn more about the Bible. It’s me that’s looking for help, because I want to go to church with my heart.” This means that there are a lot of resources that we can use to help us go to church.

SECRETARY OF THE SECURITY COUNCIL OF THE UNITED NATIONS

11 Helping the poor. The ministry helps each of us overcome many obstacles. For example, Jehovah has made it a part of the ministry program to give the help and comfort that children, the elderly, the sick, and the destitute need because they care about him. (1 Thess. 2:8; James 1:27) When we face difficulties, the ministers can help us and comfort us. Also, taking our ministry kit with us to the ministry helps us to learn how to preach and teach properly. The ministry kit also helps the elders who are examples of obedience to receive training, and it helps them to take responsibility in the congregation.—1 Tim. 3:10.

12 Wendy, who lives in the United States, says: “Because my dad was so uninterested in the truth, he often felt that he had to go with his brothers and sisters to the end of the service. I thought, ‘I’ll go.’ There was a friend of mine who loved me as his son, and he helped me in the ministry. What I learned from him helps me in the congregation too. For example, the Bible lessons that my brothers and sisters gave me help me today.”

13 Let us be confident in ourselves. If we have ourselves as ministers of the gospel, it will be a great pleasure for everyone. (Philippians 1:27) Moreover, because the ministry of the gospel is a delicate matter, it may be difficult to be confident in one’s own strengths or in the deeds of others.

11-12. What kind of spiritual creatures do we have in the body of Christ? See above.

13. How does the ministry of the gospel inspire us to believe? (See also the article in this issue of the Watchtower.)

18 SEPTEMBER

(2 Cor. 6:13) Even in the worst of situations, such as when we’re down, our mind is distracted, or we’re saddened that one of our neighbors has died, that neighbor can help us. (1 Thess. 5:14) We know that we don’t need neighbors today; we will need them tomorrow. (Matt. 24:21) We may face difficulties, but we know that our brothers and sisters are there to help us overcome them.—Proverbs 17:17.

14 If we are in need, we are helped. If there is a disaster, an epidemic, a disease that causes us to lose our teeth, we are injured, or our affairs go badly, we are helped by our volunteer volunteers. In such cases, in each congregation, volunteer volunteers and volunteer caregivers discuss what they can do to help those who need help. The volunteer caregivers make sure they know where the need is, and what they can do to help them. They may need food, clothing, water, clay, and soil. Let’s say, the volunteer caregivers are helping us a lot!

15 As we know, Jehovah’s family is huge. There are thousands and thousands of faithful angels in his family, and thousands and thousands of people on the earth. (Zac. 8:23; Deut. 5:11) Jehovah’s servants throughout the world are in great need of the good news of God’s Kingdom. (Deut. 14:6, 7) Let us all strive to follow the ministry plan, because it helps us to devote ourselves with all our heart to what Jehovah is doing.—Deut. 111:1.

14. In the event of an emergency or disaster that we cannot control, how does our ministry help us?

15. What do all Jehovah’s servants need?

2014-2015: 2014-2015: 2015-2016: 2016-2017: 2017-2018: 2018-2019: 2019-2020: 2021-2022: 2023-2024: 2024-2025: 2026-2027: 2028

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ What do church superintendents and priests do to help their congregations?

■ What can we do to help ourselves in our ministry?

■ How does the ministry system benefit us?

DWOM 61 Jehovah’s Witnesses, We Are One!

AUGUST 31–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

HOWTO 89 Hold on to God’s Word and Be Blessed

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

If we go to an event or meeting, the reason we should take the opportunity is the way we do it.

Monhwɛ Sɛnea Mutie Okwu Yiye

“See how they take things seriously.”—LUK 8:18.

YES, Jehovah gives us many spiritual gifts. That’s why we can remember David’s words: “Jehovah is my watchman, and I have no need of him.”—Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One way in which Jehovah helps our spiritual family is by teaching us about morals. When we go to meetings, many of the things we hear are not new. Even if we feel that we are “deep in the truth,” we need to be told about them. (2 Pet. 1:12) If they talk about things we don’t understand, do they make you feel like you are deep in the truth? If so, these principles will help you. We’ll learn why we need to focus on morals. We’ll also learn how those who teach in the congregation can help others focus on morals. On that day, we will look at some of the things we can do that will help us understand the message better. Think about this question: Where is the message that we know?

THE WORSHIP WE KNOW, WITH GOD'S HELP

3 Jehovah uses the Bible to teach us his word. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew that, so he used to teach God’s word to his disciples, even to those who asked, “How is it that this man knows the Scriptures while he goes to school?” (John 7:15) Those who were concerned about Jesus’ teaching of God’s word were amazed when they saw how Jesus taught God’s word. Christians in the time of the apostles, like the apostles Paul and Apollos, said that they were—

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah provide spiritual support for his people today? (Proverbs 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will be discussed in this chapter?

3. How does Jehovah teach us, and how do his servants use the Bible?

20

(Revelation 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah’s Witnesses, we know that the contents of our books, broadcasts, seminars, and videos are based on the Bible. When people came to our seminars and learned how we teach from the Bible, they were amazed. Our seminary teachers found that the Bible was an integral part of their teaching; not only did they read it, but they also taught them how to put it into practice.—Luke 24:32.

4 When the Bible uses the word “respect,” it often means to listen to someone else’s words. So if we listen to Jehovah’s words and do what he wants us to do, it makes it more difficult for us to respect him. Instead, if we respect him and put what he teaches into practice, he will be pleased.—Proverbs 27:11.

IF WE ARE ADESUA, WHAT SHOULD WE DO WHEN WE ARE IN THE DAY OF THE LORD?

5 Because we love Jehovah, we do what we do. (Matt. 22:37) If we focus on Jehovah every day, our love for him will grow. If our love for him grows, it will encourage us to become more devoted to him and to treat him in a way that pleases him. —Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 We follow the rules we have set, because we love people. (Matt. 22:39) If we follow the rules, Ye-

4. When the Bible uses the word “evil,” what does it mean most of the time?

5. What does our love for Jehovah lead us to do? —John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6. What are the things we need to keep in mind when we go out?

What Helps Our Mother To Remember

When brothers who have served Jehovah for many years were asked what helps them to take care of their affairs, the most common answer was:

• A Swede who studied the Bible in 1986 said, “If you go to church, stand up. Doing so will help you concentrate on what is being said and watch the videos carefully.”

• David, who died in 1983, said, “I prayed many times to Jehovah that he would help me focus on the deeds. I felt that the deeds I did, my focus on the deeds I believed in, and my involvement in every aspect of the deeds, made me feel better.”

• Nicolas, born in 1982, said, “Whoever makes a statement, gives an example, or gives an illustration that you like, is the one you want to follow.”

• Augustine of Hippo, who died in 1988, said, “When the Apostles of the Latter-day Saints came up with something that we often think we don’t understand, it made me think that it was a spiritual gift of his time.”

The Bible teaches us how to love our fellow Christians and those around us. For example, our brochure, Serving People—Let Them Be Our Leaders, helps us understand how to love and teach people in the ministry. What does it mean for you when you and your fellow Christians have conversations in the ministry?

JUNE 2026 21

Yes, if brothers and sisters are serving as disciples in the most difficult circumstances of their lives, you should be very careful.

(Deut. 32:44-47) Jehovah told his servants who lived in the old world that if they wanted to live in the old world, they had to do the same. We should do the same. (Deut. 32:44-47) Jehovah gave us a warning that will help us to prepare ourselves for the challenge we will face when the new world comes. So if we follow the warning and do the right thing, it will help us to follow that warning. (Rom. 8:25) It is especially important that we do the right thing to Jehovah and to ourselves because we live in the end times.—Matt. 24:42-44; Ed. 1:3.

THE SECOND WORLD WAR AND THE SECOND WORLD WAR IN AFRICA 1994-1998

8 The male elders who teach in the congregations, and especially those who teach in the parishes, should make sure that their teaching is accurate. When the male elders prepare their sermons properly and based on the Bible, it helps people to come to the faith. It also helps their fellow Christians to come to worship Jehovah with joy. Therefore, when we are asked to serve in the congregation, we should take care of ourselves, because we may be surprised at how much it can help others. If you are serving in the congregation, consider how this advice from the Bible can help you. It is true that those who make baguam have a great deal of benefit from this rule, but-

7. Why is it so important that we go to Jehovah?

8. Why should male elders who teach in congregations go over their heads to improve their teaching?

So if each of us knows how to use it, we can make it work.—2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

9 Speak clearly. When you speak, you shouldn’t make it seem like your audience is going to take notice. If you’re talking about something that’s overwhelming, your audience will take notice. How can you make your speech overwhelming? The following tips will help you: (1) In the beginning of your speech, try to make sure they understand the issues you’re talking about. (2) Then, when you’re talking about a particular issue, talk about it. If you’re talking about a particular issue and you’re going to another one, you can take a moment to let your audience know that you’re going to another one. (3) At the end of your speech, take away all the issues.

(Proverbs 2:4, 5; Revelation 4:20) There are scriptures in your language that encourage you to concentrate on what is going on. An elder in the United States who is in his 70s recalls a Bible that he read when he was an elder. He says: “The elders said that if we were going to read the Bible with a concentration, we should follow the Bible with a concentration. The elder gave us a concentration and told us how to do it. That was very important to me; it made me realize how important it is to focus on reading the Bible with a concentration to please Jehovah.” (Proverbs 2:4, 5; Revelation 4:20)

11 Take care of what helps you

9. If you make a mistake, why shouldn’t you make it clear to your followers that they will be punished?

10. Why is it important to focus on what is going on?

11. If a person has a job, what should he do to make the employer see the value of his job? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 SEPTEMBER

When you’re talking to them, use a Bible verse to inspire them, and show them how they can apply it in their lives. For example, when Timothy was writing to the brothers in Ephesus, the apostle Paul told him some great things he could do to build his faith. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) If you think about what you can do to help your fellow believers, you’ll find something that will help them in their lives.

12 When you write your letter, make sure that it’s not written by you. If you write it down and read it to someone else, make sure that it’s written from your heart, not from the conversation between you and the person you’re writing to. Otherwise, it will be difficult for them to understand what you’re saying. Our book, How to Read Your Letter, says: “The more you write, the more you write from your heart, so that the person you’re writing to can understand how you feel about what you’re saying, and how you feel about them.”

12. If you make a contribution, why should you put money out of your pocket?

If you put money in your pocket, it will make your employer happy and encourage them to use what you’ve given them.

13 Look out for the advice of a counselor who has gone out of his way. What do you do? You can tell the counselor what you’re looking for and what you’re looking for before you go to the counselor. Tell him about the advice he gives you. When the day comes, let him know that you want to go out with him, and if he thinks it’s going to be a good place to go, let him know that you’re looking for advice and help. (Proverbs 1:5) We all have something wrong, so we may not always know that what we’re saying is right or wrong. We want our language to be better and better taught, so that we can help our neighbors to understand the truth of the Bible.*

* For other tips that can help you improve your reading and writing skills, see our booklet, How to Read and Write in Your Own Language, and our booklet, How to Read and Write in Your Own Language.

13. If you are going to the church, why should you look for a place where you can find the treasures you have lost? (See also the footnote.)

Take note of what you learned from the experiences of others, and help them learn from you (see paragraph 13)

23

Go and listen to Jehovah’s Witnesses; use your phone or tablet to listen to your mind

(See paragraph 17)

NEA EBABBOA WO MA WOATUMI ATIE ASEM YY

(2 Tim. 3:1) If we are being taught this lesson, and if we feel that we are being taught it too often, we should try to follow the example of the author of Psalm 119, who had a great interest in God’s words. —Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

¹⁵ When the Israelites were in the desert, Jehovah looked at them and gave them the food they needed. (Ex. 16:15, 31) The prophet says that they were very angry, that it was a pain, and that it gave them the strength they needed. While they were far away, some said that the food was delicious, and that it made them feel better. (Numbers 21:5) What is the truth? We should not take the spiritual gifts that Jehovah has given us for granted, or say that we have taken them for granted. Instead, we must know that the spiritual gifts we receive are from Jehovah. We must remember that the faithful servant has prepared himself for us. In fact, if we put our faith into practice, we can be saved forever.—Proverbs 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

¹⁶ What helps us learn to listen carefully. Some elders who have served Jehovah for many years tell us what helps them listen carefully to questions. Sister Ashley, who has served Jehovah for over 30 years, says: “When I listen carefully to questions, it helps me to understand what is being asked. When people ask me questions, I feel like I can’t answer them, and that keeps my mind busy.” Sister József, a 52-year-old who serves Jehovah, says: “If the question is too long, I feel like I’m not listening enough, because you’ll see that little is being said about it. So I learn something new every day. If a man isn't his father, that's not what I'm thinking about,

14. Why should we follow the prophet who wrote Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

15. How can we make ourselves feel comfortable with the world we live in?

16. What helps some elders who have served Jehovah for many years to be more careful about what they say? (See also the section entitled “What Helps Us Be Careful of What We Say.”)

24 SEPTEMBER

but the words of the Bible that he teaches.”

17 Some of the following tips can help you focus on what you’re talking about. (1) If you’re prepared before you go to the meeting, you’ll be more focused, and others will be. (2) Go ahead of time and know where you’re going to be. (3) Put your phone or tablet on silent, and focus on what’s going on during the meeting. (4) Concentrate on what you’re going to see during the meeting. (5) When the meeting is going on, focus on what the other person is saying. (6) You can talk about things you’re not sure about, or talk about things that will make you feel more comfortable during the meeting. (7) Try to concentrate on the detailed explanations of the chapters. (8) Ask yourself, ‘How can this help someone in the congregation or in the ministry?’ (9) If you attend a meeting, look at the program, including the topics for each day, the types of lectures that will be given, and the scriptures that will be used in each lecture. (10) Before the meeting begins, watch the songs and videos that are being played. By doing so, you’ll be prepared for the event.

HOW YOU ARE RELATIONSHIP WITH GOD

18 We need to be careful about what we say, because if we do so, Jehovah will ‘guide us in the right way.’ (Deut. 23:3; 31:3) The advice and guidance that we receive will make us feel comfortable. Like a fence on a bridge that is made to go where it wants to go, we need to ‘be careful about how we speak’ and use the advice that we receive. (Luke 8:18) Those who follow Jehovah will be satisfied today, and they will be saved tomorrow.—Deut. 119:2, 14.

17. What do you do that can help you get the most out of a meeting? (See also the footnote.)

18. Why should we be careful about what we say?

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ Why should we be careful about what we say?

■ How can elders who teach the truth help others to understand it better?

■ What will help you focus on what you are talking about?

DWOM 87 Bra! Benya Ahotɔ

ASETENAM NSƐM

About 70 Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba

GUSTAVO JOSEPH ANOM ASƐM

I was born in 1947 on the coast of Cuba, at the junction of the Caribbean and Atlantic Oceans, where Cuba is located. I was the oldest child, and my parents took care of me until I was two years old. All of us had one grandmother; she was called Esmeralda.

I was very pleased that there was peace in our camp. We were there with all of our relatives who were in the camp, my grandfather, my father’s brothers and sisters, and the elderly, and we were happy, and we were happy too.

When I was about 10 years old, my parents and Walton Jones went to Cuba to study the Bible. Walton’s father was a prominent missionary, and he spent nearly nine years teaching our children about the Bible. Each time he came, many of his relatives invited me to visit them, and we spent nearly nine weeks talking about the Bible with him. My parents, my father’s nephew Pedro, and my sister Ela were very interested in what they were seeing, and they eventually became Jehovah’s Witnesses. Ela was 100 years old, but she was the only one who was a missionary in Cuba.

At that time, Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba were living in a building dedicated to Jehovah, and there was nothing to worry about. People were very fond of us because we went out and preached to people, and when we did, we used to carry our bookcases with us. We also used them! When I was there, I was very pleased to see the treasures that we had devoted to Jehovah in my ministry. At that time, the weather was very cold, but after a while the cold was getting worse.—2 Tim. 4:2.

MEASUREMENTS BOUNNE MU

When my father and his brother went to a meeting in a different city a few years earlier, they were told that they were going to get typhoid. When they arrived, my father’s brother’s body was completely covered in swelling and bleeding. My father died; he was only 32 years old.

After my father’s death, my grandfather arranged for my family and his son to go to a village called Lombillo. We really wanted to know about our grandparents, but we had to go to their relatives there. We went there and served Jehovah.

On August 26, 1957, I was born in a farm near Lombillo. I was eighteen years old. At that time, it was said that in two years things would be better for Jehovah’s Witnesses in Bolivia.

26 SEPTEMBER

In Cuba, the situation remained unsettled, and in 1959, the Cuban Revolutionary Guards invaded the country.

The Bible says, “There is no God but one God, the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” (John 17:3) The Bible says, “There is no God but one God, the Father, and the Holy Spirit.” (John 17:3) The Bible says, “There is no God but one God, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” (John 17:3) The Bible says, “There is no God but one God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” (John 17:3) The Bible says, “There is no God but one God, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” (John 17:3) The Bible says, “There is no God but one God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” (John 17:3) The Bible says, “There is no God but one God, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” (John 17:3) The Bible says, “There is no God but one God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” (John 17:3) The Bible says, “There is no God but one God, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” (John 17:3) The Bible says, “There is no God but one God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” (John 17:3)

(Heb. 10:25) We used to go to meetings in the fields and in other communities around the country. One time, we had a meeting at a farm that was in a great storm. We used to prepare ourselves before the meeting, and the cattle were ready to leave. So we had all the cattle ready for the meeting.—Micah 2:12.

We were pleased with the work the brothers did at that time to help us get our hands on the spiritual gifts. For example, the brothers recorded the meetings on cassettes, which were sent to the brothers around the country. On one day, two brothers arranged the whole be-brebe, and they were so excited, that they threw the cassettes on the floor. Because the brothers were so busy with this work, some days when we recorded the meetings on cassettes, we had to go out and eat bread, and a little dessert. At our meetings, if we had enough energy, we used a power-boosting lamp to light up our clothes, and we played on a piano to give ourselves energy. If we did so, we would take the tape out of use. We did so, just as our brothers on the other side of the world did with every church book they could get their hands on. We felt the spirit’s helpfulness, and we rejoiced in the presence of Jehovah.—Nehemiah 8:10.

WE ARE THE LEADER AND THE LEADERSHIP

When I was 18 years old, I was a soldier in a city called Florida. About a year later, I was sent as a major soldier to Ca-magüey; it was a big city. There I met Emilia, a young lady from Santiago de Cuba. We got married, and after a year we divorced.

Emilia and I wanted to be part of the team; but we wanted to do more.

A. Kingdom School Elders—Camagüey, Cuba, 1966

B. Our Day of Remembrance, 1967

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

B

D

D. Homework

E. Remembering the meetings we held when the others took their hands off us, 1994

E

District Assembly TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

So I went back to work in another factory, where they were working hard. Every day I went to work for 10 to 12 hours. The hours were too long for me, but when I went to work at that time, it helped me to go to church more often; it helped Emilia and me to go to church more often.

In 1969, we met Gustavo, our son who had passed away. There was a place where I was told that I was going to be a consular officer. At that time, if you went to Cuba, you would not be surprised to meet a consular officer with a husband and children. It was very difficult, and we were very angry. Emilia and I were very excited to meet our brothers and sisters. During our consular service, we met our eighteen-year-old son; we named him Obed. Later, we met Abner, and a few years later, we met our little boy Mahely.

When I look back on the years we spent serving in Cuba and see how Jehovah has blessed his people, it gives me great joy. Not only has he blessed us, but he has also encouraged us to show love for our children. Just as Emilia and I were blessed when we served in Cuba, I want to show you how much he loved us.

THE TIME WE WERE A MANSIN ADWUMA BEFORE WE BROKE OUT

When we were arrested, we were very shocked. We attended every Kingdom Meeting, and the next day all the missionaries in the country were arrested. Many of our brothers and sisters were imprisoned, and the offices in Havana were taken away.

Because we were given a mission, Memeneda and Kwasida were the only ones who were allowed to visit the congregation. So we spent two weeks in one congregation. We went with a lot of stuff, and we kept ourselves safe so that the police wouldn’t notice us. If we were going to a congregation, they would tell the brothers that we were going. If we went, we thought that we were going to visit our family. And if they were going to visit our neighbors, they would tell them that we were going. And if we were going to a congregation, we would take our family with us so that we would feel even more confident that we were going to visit them. (Mark. 10:29, 30) But we had to be very careful, because it was possible that the police would stop us and interrogate us. If the police knew who we were going to, they might have arrested us.—Rom. 16:4.

When we were working in the field, we met many brothers who had a problem, but they were able to resolve it.

28 SEPTEMBER

A

F

G

A. Emilia worked in a camp in Cuba Betel

F. Meeting Points to Focus on, 2012

G. Bible Schools We Hold for Discerning Christians, 2013

There were a couple of women there, but they didn’t care about us. Although the family we went to was only one, they gave us some money so that we could afford to defend ourselves. There were also some people who did not have any land, but they allowed us to go to their land. Therefore, some days we had to go to their land, and we ate them up.

When we went to church, we couldn’t take all of our children with us, so we took one of our brothers with us, and we gave them to my mother and my uncle. When we went to church with our brother’s sister, we were banned. One day, the police stopped us and searched our things, so we put the bag with the pampers in a plastic bag, and we kept the church books; there, a policeman was there to keep an eye on us.

We worked all day and night to care for our children, and Emilia's work was so hard, I was so happy. I, too, when I was working in the factory, I was a caretaker. How could I tell her that I was working two hours a day? Then, in the afternoon, I did the work I was supposed to do, so I could go to work at the end of the afternoon. But later on, my job was-

When I was 18, I was a part-time worker at a factory. I worked in the factory for 10 years, but I wasn’t able to find a job, so I was forced to move from Dwoda to Kwasida. I knew that if I could help the workers in some way, I would be able to get them to work at the end of the week. That made me feel comfortable with the workforce. All along, I knew that the factory officials knew that I was going to work for Memeneda and Kwasida.

ME DWUMADI SESAE NO, MOMMA ANSƐE M'ANIGYE

One day in 1994, the elders in Cuba told the 80 elders of all the congregations in the country that we were going to have a special meeting in Havana. They saw us, and when they saw us, they were thrilled! During the meeting, they showed us the congregational rituals. Afterwards, they brought a cake for us to eat. The elders told us that they thought they were going to give our names to the elders. We didn’t understand why they wanted to do that.

They explained to us that this is what they have in common with the elders; the reason they do so is that,

JUNE 2026 29

Cuba Baa Boayikuw, 2013

They wanted us to be Jehovah’s Witnesses. So the elders were told to give me the names of all the supervising congregations in the country. We all agreed to go. Since then, the elders have kept us in check.

When we arrived, we were invited to attend public meetings and church services that everyone else did not want us to attend, but we felt that the Jehovah’s Witnesses were more important to them than to us. Later on, it became apparent that the elders who were attending the meetings were not familiar with the supervisors, and they wanted to see if what they were doing was consistent with what we were going to do for them.

In September 1994, the elders promised us that we would be able to move to Bethel. We realized that, since it had been Bethel for 20 years, we could move to Bethel alone.

In 1996, my grandmother and Emilia were there and we decided to go to Bethel. It was a surprise for us, and I told the brothers that I was going to take care of my two children. The elders thought about what I said, and later told me that it wasn’t the right thing to do. So we agreed, and they decided to accompany us to Havana with our children.

The truth is that when I went to the other Bethel, I was very disappointed. I had been a local superintendent for many years, so I was very focused on the work there. So, when I was out of office, I felt very uncomfortable. I felt that the Bethel brothers were very supportive of me, and that was why I met my sister Emilia. Soon after, my heart began to beat faster, and I began to enjoy my time at Bethel.

Emilia and I have lived together for many years. We think that remembering ourselves, and remembering the brothers and sisters we have met, and remembering them all over the years, gives us great joy. What makes us especially happy is that our children and grandchildren love Jehovah. When the apostle John prayed for them, he said something that made us happy too. He said: “There is nothing that makes me happier than this: To see my children grow up in the truth.”—3 John 4.

Emily and I have been serving at Bethel for about 30 years. We have been struggling with cancer and illness, but we’ve done our best to do the work we’ve been assigned to do. We didn’t spend our time serving Jehovah all the time. We were thrilled to be serving the “God of hearts” for about 70 years in this Cuba desert!—1 Tim. 1:11; Dt. 97:1.

We took our son and his wife to a community meeting.

30 SEPTEMBER

THE SECURITY OF THE NATIONAL SECURITY

Based on Galatians 4:24, what two covenants did the apostle Paul refer to?

■ The Apostle Paul referred to the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar. He said: “Every egg stands for one thing; each egg stands for two covenants.” (Gal. 4:22-24) We assumed that the Second Covenant was the Covenant of the Father, and the New Covenant was the New Covenant. However, when we researched this topic, we learned that it was necessary to make a covenant. It is likely that Paul was referring to the covenant of Abraham, not the New Covenant. Let’s take a look at why we make a covenant.*

(Gal. 4:25; Ex. 19:5, 6) The Covenant of the Sea, which Jehovah made with Israel on Mount Sinai in 1513 before Jesus came to earth, was directed at Hagar. (Gal. 4:25; Ex. 19:5, 6) There was an evil in every person who could behave according to the Covenant of the Sea. Therefore, the Covenant of the Sea told the Israelites that they were evil. The Covenant of the Sea also helped the Israelites to understand the Messiah, because the Messiah was the only one who could behave according to the Covenant of the Sea. When the Messiah offered his true sacrifice, evil people could be freed from evil and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) When Jesus put God’s purposes into practice, he took great pleasure in the Order.—Rom. 10:4.

(Gal. 4:23) That promise was the covenant that Jehovah made with Abraham. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) Jehovah made that covenant with Abraham; it is described in Genesis 22:18. Jehovah said to Abraham: “Blessed shall be thy seed, and all the flesh of the earth shall be blessed in thee; for thou hast made me my father.”

(Gen. 3:15) That covenant made it clear that the “seven” he had spoken of would be given to Abraham. Paul explained that Jesus Christ was the specific “seven.” He thought that the 144,000 “who are Christ’s sons” who would be in his Kingdom would also speak of that “seven.” (Gal. 3:16, 29; Heb. 14:1-3) Because of Jehovah’s promise to Abraham, those who believe and follow Jesus will receive great blessings.

What did Paul mean when he said that “all these things are for something”? He meant that if the Jews of his time were firmly committed to the Covenant and obeyed it, then they would be like Hagar; they would be like no one else. If they accepted Jesus Christ, Abraham’s special “seed,” they would be like Sarah, and they would be freed forever. They would be freed from evil and death. (John 8:32-34) By believing that they were committed to Jesus, they were breaking the Covenant, which was designed to help them come to know Christ.

Many of the Galatians to whom Paul addressed this letter were Jews, so the Law was holding them back or holding them captive. However, some Jews were convinced that Christians who were Jews had to obey the Law, namely the law concerning twins. Paul explained that it was quite reasonable for them to obey the law that made them “noobs,” because Christ had made them “noobs.”—Galatians 5:1, 10-14.

* This is another example of what we have learned. We refer to the article in the Weekly Observer of March 15, 2006, pp. 10-12.

JUNE 2026 31

THE NEW WORLD TRIBUTE TO GOD

June 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 6 TWI

THE SYSTEM IN THIS NEWS

Adesua Words to be heard on August 10-16 | 2

How Can We Stay Faithful to Jehovah When We Are Troubled?

Adesua Word to be heard on August 17-23 | 8

What We Can Do to Help Our Neighbors

Adesua Word to be heard on August 24-30 | 14

How Our Schools Are Structured Is Good for Us

Adesua Words from the Bible August 31–September 6 | 20

Monhwɛ Sɛnea Mutie Okwu Yiye

ASETENAM NSƐM | 26

About 70 Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba

HOW TO GET OUT OF A BUSINESS BUSINESS BUSINESS | 31

We’re doing Bible teaching worldwide, and volunteer volunteers are making a contribution to our work. If you’d like to make a contribution, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical texts in this book are taken from the Scripture Kronkron—The Complete Father's Translation, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

THE BIBLE IN THIS WORLD

Asau a Na Nkurɔfo De Yi Nam Tete No

The Bible tells us that some of Jesus’ followers were witch-hunters. (Mark 1:16-20) They were used to do this in the Sea of Galilee.

At that time, if one wanted to be a warrior, he would use a blade made of wood to make something like a tent in a small deda. If he wanted to make the battery lighter, he would make the lighter from the deda into a warrior. If he wanted to make the battery thinner, he would make the thinner from the deda into a warrior. If he wanted to make the battery thicker, he would make the thicker from the deda into a warrior. If he used a warrior to make a battery, he would put something hard like a bow or a dagger in the back so that if they were pulled out of the water, they could fall. If the warrior was thinner, something hard like a bow or a dagger would be put in the back. And he made half of the dust to fall on the wood; and he made another half of the dust to fall on the wood.

(Luke 5:6) The weight of the tent was so heavy that, when the tent was to be taken, it was necessary for the tent workers to prepare their tent. The Bible tells us that James and John “made their tent”; it seems that they made it with clay and wood. (Matt. 4:21) Also, Luke tells us that the tent workers “hovered out of their tent” and made things out of the tent. (Luke 5:2) After that, they made the tent so that it looked good. —Ezekiel 47:10.

Jesus referred to the men who had the power to do this as “the kings.”

Visit the jw.org website on Twitter, or use your smartphone to scan this code

JW.ORG

w26.06-TW