AUGUST 2026

ONLY INDIVIDUALS

GOD'S BELIEVES IN HIMSELF

THE FOLLOWING DATES WILL APPLY: OCTOBER 5–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

EDWAWN 55 Bemmasulo Bê!

DO NOT listen to Satan’s false claims about Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

Don’t Give Up on Satan, Make Your Way to Jehovah’s and Jesus’ Love

“Let them know the way of the Lord, and he will save them.”—HEBREWS 4:7.

When we chose to serve Jehovah, Satan and his demons were trying to fool us. But Satan believes that he will never be able to defeat us when God sends his punishment. He tries to make us turn away from God so that he can return to us again. The only way he can do this is to make us think that we are not worth serving God and his Father.—2 Cor. 11:14; Deu. 1:6.

2 If we are to survive the war, we must put our trust in those who are not our leaders. If that trust is weak, it will cause each one of us to be overpowered and defeated. We are “the wickedest of the wicked,” but we are strong in spirit. (Eph. 6:12) And Satan knows that if we do not put our trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ again, he will reject us and help us. He will do everything he can to destroy our trust in them. In this article, we will look at how he used this technique in the past and how he continues to use it today. Then we will consider how we can love each other. In another article, we will consider two other ways in which Satan uses his demons in our spiritual warfare.*

* It is not Satan who causes us to face all the difficulties we encounter, but he is the “evil spirit” who causes others to look down on God’s people. Instead of putting the difficulties on our shoulders and putting himself above others, Satan takes on the responsibility of all the difficulties we encounter in our spiritual warfare.—1 Corinthians 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

1. What does Satan try to do to distract us from worshiping Jehovah? 2. Why do we need to put our trust in Jehovah and Jesus Christ?

2

Satan Hates Jehovah and Jesus Because of Our Faith

3 When God created Adam and Eve, Satan also had a plan to make them disobey him. He provoked Adam so that he felt that God was worried about him. Satan asked him, “Does God want you to do everything that is wrong with him?” (Gen. 3:1-5) Satan caused Adam to believe that God would guide him and give him everything he needed to do for them. The truth is that Adam and Eve disobeyed God, the Creator of all things.—Gen. 3:6.

4 Before Adam and Eve were born, Satan used David’s wickedness to deceive him about God’s love and loyalty. (David 22:1-3) Satan thought that if David was in trouble, he would deceive him about God. Satan’s deceitfulness was a great blow to David, but he did not give in to the temptation of deceiving God. —David 27:1, 5.

5 During the four years that Jesus lived on earth, Satan tried to get people to follow him. The only reason he did this was to get the religious leaders and other people who believed in Satan to believe that Jesus was a sinful man. Finally, they put him to death as a sinner. —Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus died, Satan began to deceive people about the work that Jesus, the Messiah, was doing. He did not try to deceive them about the resurrection of the dead. For example, he made people believe that Jesus would be raised from the dead, but that Satan would be sent to hell. (Matt. 28:11-15) Instead, he tried to deceive them to believe that the work that Jesus was doing was worthwhile. —Gen. 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

7 While some Christian leaders were frightened and abandoned their preaching work, many of them turned their backs and turned away, realizing that Satan and his demons were trying to persuade them to worship Jehovah. (Gen. 4:18-20; 1 Peter 5:8) What does Satan do today? What is he trying to do to discourage us from worshiping Jehovah?

Satan’s Plans to Deceive Jehovah and Jesus

8 Indeed, one of Satan’s tricks is to prevent people from understanding the truth about Jehovah and Jesus. Because Satan claims to be “the Lord of all traditions,” he uses his own traditions to mislead many people. (John 8:44) For example, he makes people think that they are not worthy of the love that Jehovah and his Father have for man. (2 Cor.

3. What did Satan do to undermine God’s trust in Jehovah?

4. What righteous remarks did Satan make about Jehovah in David’s time?

5. What did Satan do to get people to betray Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. How did Satan deceive Jesus as the Savior of the world?

8. What kind of falsehoods does Satan spread about Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST 2026 3

Satan’s world is trying to make us believe in things that are contrary to God’s principles.

(Schedule 11)

4:3, 4) Because Christians believe in the existence of both God and the Lord, they tend to turn away from the self-righteous God and worship his Lord. Jehovah and Jesus are the center of the Jews’ religion. (Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) If people’s minds are turned to the Jews’ religion, they tend to think that you and your brothers and sisters are ignorant and ignorant of God, or even that you and your brothers and sisters are not interested in the work of worship.

9 If we want to have a good relationship with someone, the only thing we can do is to try to make him or her feel bad about us. Because Satan wants people to feel good about Jehovah, he wants them to know his name. For many years, he has been trying to make people feel bad about God’s name through religious practices. (Read Genesis 23:26, 27.) That person is trying to make people think that God’s name, which the Bible refers to as “the highest of the mountains” and which is above our self-righteousness, appears in many Bible verses. (Deuteronomy 18:10) But it is not Satan who makes people think that Jehovah is the one who tells us what to do. (Gen. 4:8) At the same time, Satan attempts to make Jehovah’s people lose faith in him because they don’t know that he is the only One they can approach.

9. How does Satan use traditional religions to discourage people from learning about God? (Genesis 23:26, 27)

4

1000000000000000♠0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000

10 When we are faced with difficulties, Satan tries to convince us that God cares about us, so that if we try to overcome them, he will be angry with us. (Deuteronomy 19:3) Sometimes people who feel angry say, “Why do I have to keep Jehovah’s laws and regulations? I don’t have any opportunity to do so!”

11 Satan uses the media to distort people’s opinions about God’s actions. For example, many people use the media to argue that the Bible’s principles of life are overridden and that each person must decide for himself what he or she wants to do. He completely dismisses the idea that “the one who is of the world” is better at making people think about what is right and what is wrong and what is good and what is evil.—John 14:30; Isaiah 5:20; 1 Timothy 4:1, 2.

12 If we resist Satan’s temptation, he will lead us to become more devoted to Jehovah. Let’s take the example of one of the elders we will be confronting, Shannon. She said: “A few years ago, I realized that the life principles that I was taught at school and by my classmates made me think about what was right and what was wrong. When I met many of my classmates, it made me want to learn more about those who were around me. I began to ask myself how I could become more devoted to Jehovah, my family, and the world.

10. Why can a Christian get angry with Jehovah?

11. What does Satan do to divert people’s minds from Jehovah’s principles? (See the previous paragraph.)

12. Why should we protect ourselves from Satan’s oppressors?

and over his brothers.” Amos, Shannon took a rope from the sky and fled to the heavens of Jehovah. What caused her to do so?

13 Shannon realized that she needed to make a change in her life to become closer to Jehovah and Jesus. She said: “I studied and researched our books, but a video called Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends? really touched me. In that video, an elder who was worried about one of my problems took the initiative to tell her parents about it, and they helped her. I did so. My parents, church leaders, and spiritual sisters told me that I needed to think about myself and change my attitudes. I realized that if I wasn’t in the truth, the only thing I could do was to go to school and do things that my parents wouldn’t want me to do. I had to show my parents that the Bible and the media were the truth and that I loved Jehovah with all my heart.”

WHY DOES GOD NEED JESUS AS HIS SON?

14 In order to become Jehovah’s servants, we need to educate those with whom we work. (Gen. 4:4) We also need to be careful not to say anything against others that we are afraid of or that we don’t like.

* If you go to jw.org and read the short article, How Can I Help Your Child, or How Can I Help My Younger Brother or Sister?, you’ll find information that can help your child develop a better relationship with God. In JW Library, find the short article Spirituality in the “Young People Ask” section.

13. What can we learn from the story of Shannon?

14. How can we prevent Satan from destroying our faith? (Look at the picture.)

AUGUST 2026 | 5

FREE BIBLE COURSE

If we think about what we can do to keep our relationship with Jehovah, Satan won’t be able to manipulate us (See paragraph 14.)

For example, if some or all of the material on the radio is cultured, it can damage our minds. But if we study the Bible and our books, and if we are constantly in contact with spiritually-minded Christians, we can avoid being offended by others. If we do not understand the truth properly, it will make it easier for Satan to destroy our faith.—Proverbs 13:20; Deuteronomy 17:11.

The Bible contains many examples of how God and Jesus care for each other. For example, when he described how he cared for his people, he compared his love for them to the love he showed for his enemies, and he said that his love was greater than the love of enemies. (Isaiah 49:15) He also said that those who cared for him were like his “self-devoured servants.” (Mal. 3:16, 17, etc.) But we can see what Jesus said about us in the Bible. He said his love was so great that he gave his life for us.—John 15:12, 13.

15 A thorough study of the Bible will give us confidence that Jehovah and Jesus are with us. (Mar. 22:19) We will reflect on how the Bible teaches us to be faithful.

15. What can we do to have confidence that Jehovah and Jesus are with us?

6 | NON-COMMERCIAL ARANE

16 Thinking about the help that Jehovah and Jesus our Father are giving us today can help us to be more confident in ourselves. For example, if we remember a time when Jehovah answered our prayer or gave us the strength we needed, we can be confident that he will be there for us. And we can ask our brothers and sisters to tell us how they feel that Jehovah is helping them. (Deut. 22:17) If we do that, we can be confident that whatever challenges we face, Jehovah and Jesus are with us. —Read Ezekiel 118:5, 6.

17 We all believe that we are everlasting brothers and sisters of Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. But if Satan and his evil spirits are completely defeated, they will also undermine our trust in Jehovah and Jesus. We should therefore be careful not to let them undermine our trust in them. (Ezek. 20:1-3, 10) In order to love these young people, we must have a close relationship with Jehovah and know that he and his pastor, Rale, care for them and that we are important to them. And, as Jesus said, “no one will ever fall from the tree of life.” —Read John 10:29; Deu. 4:7.

18 In another article, we will look at two other ways in which Satan uses us in his war against us, namely, his attempts to bring down the church and its members, and what we can do to remain faithful to Jehovah regardless of what Satan does.

16. How will it benefit us if we tell others how Jehovah helps us or how we treat others? —Read Ezekiel 118:5, 6.

17. How does Jesus describe those who will live with him forever in John 10:29?

18. What will we discuss in another chapter?

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

■ What wrong statements did Satan make about Jehovah and Jesus in the temple?

■ What is Satan saying about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ What does it mean to have Jehovah and Jesus with you?

CHAPTER 150 Find God and Have a Good Life

OCTOBER 12-18, 2026

EDITION 129 We Can Get Away With It

He was always more afraid of true Christians than of devils, even if they were not his fellow Christians.

You can become a Konim!

“It is not flesh and blood that we perish with, but we perish with the spirits of the devils that are in heaven.”—EPHESIANS 6:12.

(Revelation 2:4; John 18:36) However, the Bible teaches that we all have to fight against Satan and his demons. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) How can we overcome the war we are waging against these enemies? The most important thing is not to turn to Jehovah for help, but to know how Satan and his demons are trying to deceive us and our neighbors.

2 In the previous article, we looked at how Satan tries to undermine our trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will look at two other ways in which Satan tries to deceive us. First, he tries to undermine our relationship with our brothers and sisters. Second, he tries to get people to deceive us so that we may be more steadfast in our hearts or divert our minds from the work that Jehovah wants us to do.

SATAN BROKE HIS WORDS AND HE WAS SHOCKED BY THE WORSHIP

3 Satan tries to put a barrier between us and our brothers and sisters. His purpose is to make us dislike ourselves so that we may not be like his father. Why does he do this to dislike us? Many people in Satan’s world think that they are loving. Everyone loves his brother and sister. Satan wants us to have some of the world’s qualities and talk to our brothers and sisters.

(Ephesians 6:11, 12) 2. What will we consider in this chapter? 3. How does Satan try to destroy our joy?

8

Jonathan hurt David, but Saul might have hurt David, and he destroyed Saul’s faith in the Lord.

(Appendix 4, 6)

Jehovah’s organization is the only place where we can see them.—Deuteronomy 16:17.

(1 Sam. 18:5) But when Saul realized that the people were listening more to David than to him, he became ill-considered. That is, he made every effort to kill David. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) If he had killed David, he would have been doing what Satan wanted. Why? Because God had set up a circle around David so that he might one day become king of Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) If that had been the case, Satan would have been very angry. Saul was very angry with David, and he was trying to kill him everywhere he went. When Satan saw that, he seemed to be very angry.

4. Why did King Saul rise up against David? (Look at the picture.)

5 Satan thinks that if we are open-minded, he will make Jehovah love us and bless us. (Deuteronomy 133:1) Because he thinks that we should be open-minded, he wants us to be like Saul, who was open-minded toward his fellow Christians. Satan thinks that if we have a misconception of our fellow Christians, our love for them will be lost. (Jeremiah 12:30, 31) If we have a misconception of our fellow Christians, will Jehovah prevent us from worshipping him? Jeremiah warned us that we would be very concerned if we had a misconception of our fellow Christians. —Read Jeremiah 3:14-16.

6 And if we do this, we shall not be led astray by our brothers, whose examples are Saul and Jonathan, and David.

5. Why does God want us to live and be faithful? (Genesis 3:14-16)

6. What can we learn from Jonathan’s example? (Look at the picture.)

AUGUST 2026 9

(1 Sam. 17:13-15; 1 Sam. 23:16, 17; 1 Sam. 23:19-21) When Jonathan heard that David was going to become king of Israel, he was very excited. He was confident that God would fulfill all his promises. Jonathan told David, “He will be king of Israel.” Because Jonathan was confident in himself, he did not hesitate to help David, who had rejected Saul’s father to become king of Israel.—1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

7 But Satan also uses other ways to create discord between us and our fellow Christians. Because we come from different places, we have different personalities and beliefs. Satan uses these differences to make us think that because we come from different places, we will not be able to control ourselves. He uses these differences to create misconceptions and anger among our fellow Christians. What can Satan do to prevent discord between us? That is, your fellow Christians should be aware of each third of the differences that exist between them. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Have great love for your fellow Christians. And have a good opinion of themselves. (1 Cor. 12:12) We and all our fellow Christians are protected from Satan and the devils who seek to deceive us.—1 Peter 5:8, 9.

8 If someone’s words or actions hurt you, try to make sure that you don’t hurt them either. As you and your neighbor share a common interest, you need to keep in mind that unpleasant things can happen between you and them. (Prov. 7:20) If you don’t have a good example, use the Bible’s advice to “get away with yourselves.” If someone says something that hurts you, you shouldn’t hesitate to say sorry. (Colossians 3:12-14) If you follow the example of Jehovah and Jesus, you’ll do the same. —John 17:20, 21.

TWENTY-THREE SEASON OF THE SECOND SEASON

(2 Tim. 3:12) If we do, we will not be able to focus on how we should treat those people, how we should behave to them, or how we should respond to their complaints. If we do so, we will not have time to do the most important work that Jehovah has given us to do, which is to spread the good news of the Kingdom.—Revelation 12:19-21.

10 Take the case of Jezebel, for example. Because she was not herself, the Philistines who were with her were the thieves, and they broke into the wells where the servants of Abimelech were drinking. (Gen. 26:12-18) Jezebel’s family and her neighbors shared a well of water, and she went down to the well and drank from it again. But the Philistines claimed that the water was theirs. She knew that this would make her sick. But to increase the anger between Jezebel’s servants and the Philistines, she sought peace. And he went down there, and the LORD blessed him. (Gen. 26:19-25) We do nothing if someone does something wrong to us.

7. What can we do to encourage God’s openness among us? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. What should we do if a Christian says something or does something that hurts us?

9. What is another thing that Satan wants us to do?

10. What did Jezebel do when she was able to escape?

10 EZINZALƐ ARANE

#WE WANT CHANGE

STOP

PEOP SERVE

CHANGE

Are you willing to sacrifice everything in order to remain faithful to Jehovah? (Appendix 13)

Is it easy, or should we learn to love and seek harmony?

11 Many years before Jesus, the promised Messiah, came to the earth, many people were concerned about him. For example, some of his followers became suspicious of him. (Mark 3:21) His religious leaders constantly tried to make him stop preaching. (Luke 11:15, 16) His best friend died. (Matt. 26:14-16) Religious and social leaders were determined to make his death public. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) But Jesus’ mother, the Virgin Mary, gave him the opportunity to devote himself to worshiping Jehovah, and he did so without fear. While they were on their way, the apostle Peter tried to kill the man. He even threatened the high priest and one of his disciples with a knife, but Jesus was willing to help him, and he miraculously restored the man to life. (Luke 22:50, 51) Jesus didn’t think about all these things, or he didn’t try to keep them from happening.

12 In the same way, today we are faced with a variety of situations that may make us feel guilty. Satan tries to prevent us from exercising our powers of persuasion. For example, he makes us feel guilty because we have been abused by friends or other people, or because we have been abused by others. But Jesus urged us to respect even those who abuse us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) This means that we should not be guilty because of those who abuse us. However, as Jesus taught, we should do everything we can to show all people kindness, compassion, and patience, even if they do not like us or our work.—1 Corinthians 13:4.

11. What happened when Jesus and the people became close friends?

12. As Matthew 5:43, 44 shows, how should we deal with those who are resurrected and who will come after us or overlook us?

AUGUST 2026 | 11

If we keep our brothers and sisters and live in peace, we will be able to win the battle against Satan and his demons.

(Schedule 16)

13 If religious leaders impose laws that make it difficult for us to obey God or to live our lives in a certain way, we should obey them. Why? Because God’s Word tells us to do so. (Acts 13:1, 2) Satan is not responsible for all the bad decisions that religious leaders make. However, he is responsible for making us obey those decisions or for making us talk to them. If people do not obey a law or decision imposed by religious leaders, they will obey it. Christians should not indulge in these things. (Acts 24:21, 22, etc.; Nol. 8:2, 3) If we devote ourselves to the gospel of salvation and pray for it every day, Satan will be defeated.—John 15:19.

(1 Tim. 1:12, 13) If you are willing to “be steadfast in your beliefs, and to be vigilant in your conduct, and to be disciplined in your words,” you will be able to be faithful to Jehovah’s Witnesses today. (Matt. 5:11) We believe that Jehovah has given us the authority to go to heaven and serve him in harmony. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) We also believe that your neighbors, your co-workers, and your co-students will be faithful to you. May Jehovah help you find out what you can do to help them be faithful. One of them, who had been a nurse for many years, said, "We're going to have to bring somebody else to be like them.

13. Why do we need to be careful if the leaves come off easily? (Look at the picture.)

14. What should we know about those who will be raised to be God’s people?

12 | OUT OF THE BOX

In this sense, we have to have respect for ourselves, and respect isn't important."

15 If we try to deal with our own problems or those of the world, we are wasting our time and energy. (Proverbs 1:15) Jehovah knows what we are trying to do. (Proverbs 37:18) Indeed, whatever Satan and his demons are trying to destroy, Jehovah’s Kingdom will make it happen. (1 John 3:8; Ezekiel 21:5) However, we must continue to show compassion and respect for others. We must use our time and energy to encourage as many people as we can to become Jehovah’s servants.

WE ARE HAPPY TO BE WITH YOU!

16 The Bible gives us confidence that we can defeat Satan.

15. Why should we be concerned about ourselves today?

16. What will help us overcome the battle with Satan and his demons? (See the pictures.)

(Gen. 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) But faith is not the only thing that will help us win. (Eph. 6:16) It depends on your faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ, and faith will lead you to win over your enemies and live in peace with them.

17 We must make a commitment that we will not go through any of the trials that Satan and his devils try to put on us. Jehovah and Jesus promise that when we go through them, they will be with us forever. However, we and all of our brothers and sisters do not go through the trials that Satan and his devils put on us. But we and those who will come after us will go through the trials that Jesus told us to go through. (Luke 6:27, 28) He will help you through the trials that Satan and his devils put on you. Have confidence that you can overcome Satan and his devils.

17. What should we decide to do?

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

What is Satan trying to do to destroy us and our fellowship?

How does Satan try to get us to turn away from the work of preaching?

What will help you win the battle against Satan and his demons?

EDWƐNE 149 Konimlilɛ Edwɛne

OCTOBER 19-25, 2026

EDWƐNE 106

Bemaa Yɛkɛ Ɛlɔlɛ Subane

BODANE

Let us consider how the examples of the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus inspire us to seek harmony in the church.

I'm Going Out of My Own Way

“I would like to ask you out of love.”—FAE. 9.

We learn about the harmony that exists among Jehovah’s people. This harmony shows us how good the life in Paradise will be. (Deuteronomy 32:17, 18) Jehovah does not give us this harmony, but it is a gift that he will give to each of us so that we can live in it forever. (Revelation 12:18) How can we help others to live in harmony in the church? And if we do something that hurts someone else? Or if someone else does something that hurts us? If we look at a situation that is described in the Bible, we will find help. This was the case with the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus.

THE ONE WHO HAS THE POWER TO CHANGE THE FUTURE OF THE WORLD

2 Read Philippians 8, 9, 17. Paul referred to this in his letter to Philippians when he called for Onesimus. Paul called for Onesimus because he believed in Christ and his brothers had gone. But what did he mean? Filemon was a member of the church in Colossae, and the brothers knew him for being a very faithful and good man. Onesimus was a friend of his, and he ran up to him in the car to go to Thessalonica. But when he came, he apparently left. (Phil. 18) When Onesimus was in Thessalonica, he met Paul and became a good friend; and he became a Christian. (Col. 4:9) But according to the law of Rome, he had to go with the fugitive. So Paul told Onesimus to go to Philemon.—Phil. 12, 13.

1. What responsibility do we all have?

2. What was the difference between Philemon and Onesimus? (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

14

3 One of the things that bothered Paul was that if Onesimus died, what would Filemon do? Was it lawful for Filemon to marry Onesimus? Would he also do so? What would the members of the church do? How would he treat other brothers and sisters who were struggling and struggling in the church? Paul thought that this situation might destroy the harmony of the church. He wrote a letter to Filemon and sent it to Tecas. (Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) At the same time, Paul wrote a letter to the church in Colossae. Let us take a closer look at these two letters and see what we can learn from the examples of Paul, Onesimus, and Philemon.

WHEN WE START TO FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS

4 What can we learn from Paul’s example? Paul and others showed us how to maintain harmony in the church. This example shows us how much we can do to maintain harmony in the church.

5 Paul and Filemon made him a friend. (Acts 17) Paul didn’t think he could tell him what he had to say about Filemon when he came back. (2 Corinthians 1:24) Emomu encouraged Filemon with his kindness and encouraged them to have a good relationship. When Paul did this, Filemon learned how he had to deal with Onesimus, a former Jew and former Christian. But it was a great example for all of us, including the leaders of the church. The kindness they showed to others who were their friends helped maintain harmony in the church. Because they were loving pastors, they had power over the sheep. (1 Peter 5:1-3) Parents don’t have time for God’s sheep, they listen to their words, and make them their own

3. What troubled Paul in the case of Onesimus? (Look at the picture in front of him.)

4-5. What can church leaders do to help maintain harmony in the congregation?

As Paul did, the elders and others who were friends with them set a good example for their fellow believers and helped maintain harmony among the members of the church.

4, 5, 7) We all need a mentor. Why? Because many of us feel that we are too busy when things are important to us. Sometimes we think about how we should behave, or if someone is rude to us, or if we have a difficult time. If we feel that way, it’s not a bad thing. But there are times when such an attitude can lead us to be self-centered, angry, angry with others, or even to break up with others. Such attitudes can make us feel uncomfortable with others. But when we praise someone, we want them to feel that way. (Mark 12:25) He doesn’t trust others’ praise and values them. How do we make others feel that they are important to us? We need to find ways to make our praise truthful. We should not praise others for what they have, but rather for what they have done for us. We can say to ourselves, “If I see something good about someone, I will do it.”

7 Paul gave a good account of Onesimus. (Read Philippians 10-12.) Do you remember the good account that Paul gave of Onesimus, when he told Filemon about Onesimus, how he felt about him, and how he treated him? Yes, he could. In the same way, what we say about our brothers depends on how others think of us and how they act. If we speak well of ourselves, it helps others to feel good about us. But if we speak badly of ourselves, it helps others to feel bad about us.

6. Why do we need to speak to others?

7. Why should what we say about others be true? (Philippians 10-12)

AUGUST 2026 15

Have a good opinion of your fellow disciples and describe them well, as Paul did.

(Schedule 8)

It is not always easy to make a good impression on others. But in order to make a good impression on others, we need to have a good impression of ourselves. What encourages us to do so? Let’s consider the example of Paul.

(1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; 1 Cor. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Paul was aware of the bad qualities his fellow believers had, but he tried to learn about their good qualities. And it was his nature to be unpleasant to Jehovah in these relationships. What does that mean for you? Does it help you to speak well of others? I realized that if you try to understand the characteristics of your colleagues and believe that God is making things work for them, you will not be able to speak well of yourself.

9 Paul, though he was in trouble, yet he wrote in the letter of Philemon the things which we desired; or was he in trouble because of the things which we heard?

8. What can help us to have a positive attitude toward our fellow Christians and to speak well of ourselves? (Look at the picture.)

9. Why is Paul’s remarks in the letter to Filemon interesting?

If we are in a bad situation, we should not be angry with others and speak evil of them. Paul himself was in a bad situation when he sent the letter to Filemon. A few years after he sent the letter, some people came to visit him. Filemon went to Jerusalem and again to Cilicia. When they went with him to Rome, the messenger was on the way. When he sent the letter to Filemon, he was ‘wearing an ephod’ on his father’s shoulder in Rome. (cf. 1) But did Paul’s struggles influence the way he wrote his letter to Filemon? Yes, he did. He wrote his letter with a message of patience and perseverance. What can we learn from this? Even when we face difficulties, we can have a good time with others, and that can help us to develop tolerance. And if we cultivate it, it will help us to get through them better.

WHEN WE START TO FIND OURSELVES IN THE WORLD

10 For if we all do or speak something that hurts others,

10. What can we learn from Onesimus’ example?

16 EZINZALƐ ARANE

The example shows us how we should behave with others when we hear a bad news. What Barnabas did is not surprising, but it was a good thing to do. He felt guilty and made a difference between himself and Filemon. For example, Onesimus, who was totally opposed to the law of Moses that he had to go to his neighbor. He broke his brother’s law and walked a distance of 1,400 kilometres (900 miles) to go to Filemon. He wanted to be another man and he would do whatever he could. It seems that this was a good thing to do. Onesimenes did not feel guilty of what Philomen had done to him; but if he did feel guilty, he decided to go to his master and do whatever he could to put him in the midst of his opponents.

11 If you do something that hurts someone, seek forgiveness for it. (Matt. 5:23-25) Indeed, this kind of forgiveness is good, but forgiveness that works between you again is what is needed. Be forgiven. But do not want the person you are treating to be treated well and try to improve his or her condition—

If you do, you’ll not only lose the opportunity to express your openness, but you’ll also lose the chance to get someone else’s attention to what you’re saying. If you do this, you’ll not only lose the opportunity to express your openness, but you’ll also lose the chance to get someone else’s attention to what you’re saying. —Proverbs 14:19.

WHEN WE START TO FIND OUT ABOUT THE CHANGES IN THE WORLD

12 The example of Filemon teaches us how we should judge a sinful person so that we can live in harmony with him. Did the son of Filemon befriend Onesimus, the son of a Gentile woman, and behave with him with kindness? We see this in the case of Filemon 17, 21. But Paul did not want him to do so, because he believed that Filemon had qualities that would make him want to befriend Onesimus. What were these qualities?

13 Philemon was one of the brothers. (Acts 5) Philemon’s name meant “The One,” and he acted accordingly. The church believed that he was a man of great love, and he had the qualities that were required of him.

11. If we do something that hurts someone else, what can we do to regain our peace of mind? (See the pictures.)

12. Why was Paul concerned that Filemon would accuse Onesimus of sin?

13. Why is love the key to living in harmony? —Colossians 3:14.

Do not seek forgiveness as quickly as Onesimus did (Appendix 11)

How can we live in peace as Filemon did? (Appendix 15)

When Paul criticized the church of Colossae, the church where Filemon lived, he said that love “excites openness of heart.” (Read Colossians 3:14.) This shows that there is no other quality that can lead to greater openness and tolerance through love. If we are good to others, it is not necessary for us to forgive them for their faults and be kind to them. (1 Corinthians 13:4-7) Let’s look at how this affected Filemon.

14 One of Filemon’s characteristics that made him so fond of him was that he was a traveler. He arranged for his brothers to stay in different churches in his city. (Acts 2:1) Paul then told Filemon where he was going to stay, which made it clear that he was Paul’s traveler. (Acts 22:1) Probably because he was a traveler, some people wanted to come and stay with him, and he invited them. —Acts 7:1.

15 How does the example of Filemon influence our love for others? We can learn more about our fellow Christians when we talk to them. When we talk to our friends, even those who are close to us, it helps us to see that each of Jehovah’s servants has unique qualities that make him or her attractive to Jehovah’s organization. When we see how faithful they are, how far they have come in the truth, or how they have gone through different experiences, we are inspired to admire them. And it helps us to see how much Jehovah cares about his chosen servants. (John 6:44) Instead, if we become his brothers and sisters, he will help us to grow in love with them, to have a better opinion of ourselves and to forgive them their sins.

16 Do you want to judge someone who does evil? We think we are brothers, but do we want to judge them? What can help us? Consider Paul’s letter to the brothers in the church in Colossae, who were beaten by Philemon. The text is in Colossians 3:13. (Read.) Look at how Philemon must have felt when he revealed that he was afraid of the church in which he lived. Did he feel guilty about himself? Would he have been angry at Onesimus? If he had not been angry, he would have seen what was wrong with him.

14. How do we know that Filemon’s father-in-law and others were in his house?

15. How does our love for others be influenced by our selfishness? (Look at the pictures.)

16. How did Filemon apply Paul’s advice in Colossians 3:13?

18 EZINZALƐ ARANE

He had to show compassion for Onesimas and forgive him for his sins. Does Paul’s advice help us to be more willing to forgive ourselves?

17 What did Paul mean when he said, “Let us go to have ourselves a friend”? He encouraged us to be kind to our neighbors even when they are angry or angry with us. Paul also gave a great example of how Jehovah does this in the face of the world. He would do everything for his servants, even if they were ungodly. (Proverbs 103:13, 14; 130:3) He then used his other kind of love to give us a friend. (Proverbs 103:13, 14; 130:3) 3:22, 23) Whatever we do to make ourselves look like the kind of brothers and sisters God wants us to look like, we are not going to be able to forgive ourselves when they do things we don’t want them to do. Therefore, we need to be willing to forgive. If we tell ourselves how bad our enemies are, we will be able to forgive them even when we don’t. Similarly, if we tell ourselves how good our brothers and sisters are, we will be able to forgive them when they do things we don’t want them to do, and we will be able to forgive them when they do things we don’t want them to do.

18 Jehovah will appreciate every effort you make to help maintain harmony in the congregation. Every day, try to find ways to help maintain harmony. Be kind to others and speak well of yourself. Be open-minded. If you do something that hurts someone, be kind to him or her. Show great love for your brothers and sisters and be willing to forgive them. By doing so, you will help maintain harmony in the congregation. And you will always praise the elders who “shall inherit the land, and they shall be glad in much harmony.”—Ezek. 37:11.

18. What do we decide to do?

THE SECOND LETTER TO THE CORINTHIANS: Philemon leaves the company of Paul and goes to see Onesimus and Thessalonians and some others.

17. What did Paul mean when he said that we “go to have compassion on ourselves”?

DUZU A WƆZUKOA WƆVI...

■ In Paul’s example?

■ What do we learn from this example?

■ What do we learn from Filemon’s example?

EDWƐNE 154

Elolo Enwie

OCTOBER 26-NOVEMBER 1, 2026

EDWƐNE 62

Edwɛne Fofolɛ Ne

BODANE

This article helps us to understand the gift of life, the opportunities we have to serve Jehovah, and the ministry they provide.

Why It’s So Important to Serve the One and Only God

“The Lord has given us life eternal so that we may serve him forever.”—LUKE 1:69, 74.

Jehovah miraculously made the priest Zechariah and his attendant Elizabeth find John. Elizabeth was the mother. When they found him, the people and the pilgrims were wondering what would happen to the child. They asked themselves, “When will this child be?” (Luke 1:57-66) Jehovah spoke to Zechariah about that question. He revealed that the Messiah they had been waiting for would come, and John urged the people to prepare themselves to see and worship him. (Ephesians 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But this is not what John predicted. * As we’ll see in this story, Zechariah’s prophecy is relevant to us today. It will help us understand the things we need to be concerned about: (1) the gift of life, (2) the opportunities we have to serve God, and (3) the ministry of preaching.

ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE ANNOUNCE

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God promises to give people a special gift. It is life.

* See the video of the Gospel of Jesus Christ Chapter 1 containing the prophecy of Zechariah in Luke 1:67.

1. What is the prophecy of Zechariah?

2. (a) What promises does God make to His people? (Luke 1:67-73) (b) Who is the “man of peace” mentioned in Luke 1:69?

20

(Luke 1:69) That mighty one was not the Messiah. In Zechariah’s time, the Messiah was not yet born, and he was supposed to be a descendant of Abimelech and a member of David’s heirloom family. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) So why did Jehovah let Zechariah speak about this mighty one? Because he knew that the Messiah’s coming was very near! (Luke 1:30-35) When Jesus was 30 years old, he became the living and ruling Messiah. It was at that time that Jehovah gave him the holy spirit and made him the Messiah. (Matt. 3:16, 17) That’s an exciting news!

3 Zechariah’s time was to be celebrated as the Sabbath. But what or why should it be celebrated? Zechariah said: “He is the Lord of all the living and the dead.” (Luke 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus would not be the Lord of the dead? No. The Sabbath should be celebrated as the Lord of Satan, the chief of the dead. (Hebrews 2:14, 15) Satan did not make mankind, the former Jews, slaves of sin and disease. But he was the Lord of the dead as Moses commanded. That is, he gave them water and he had to celebrate them. (Revelation 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13) They met what Jehovah had promised through Zechariah—“the one who will forgive their sins and restore them to life.”—Luke 1:77.

4 What kinds of young people should we be concerned about today? We were still slaves of sin and disease in the days of Jesus Christ. (Acts 5:12) But Satan and his evil spirits are telling us the truth. We should try to deceive ourselves from the true religion. Even people and organizations that claim to be “our brothers and sisters” are trying to get us to turn away from our religion. We should be concerned about these young people.

5 What does the Good Shepherd want us to do? Let’s look at what Jesus did for us. When Jesus was on earth, he taught his disciples how to serve Jehovah in the way he wanted them to serve him. Then he gave his life as a sacrifice “so that everyone who believes in him may perish and have eternal life.” (John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) We can do everything we can to serve Jehovah in the way he wanted us to serve him. (1 John 2:1, 2) But because we are God’s children, we can ask him to forgive us if we follow his principles, and because of his sacrifice, we are freed from worship. (2 John 1:1, 2) By following Jesus Christ, our Savior, we are freed from sin and have the hope of eternal life.

6 What will Jesus do to defeat sin and death, Satan and his evil spirits, and “those who are dead” forever?

3. Who or what does it take to celebrate the Jewish feast?

4. Which young people should we celebrate every year today?

5. What did Jesus do for our sins?

6. What will Jesus do as King on the “throne of David”? (See picture.)

AUGUST 2026 21

Jehovah Loves Us More Than Jesus Christ (Appendix 6)

(Luke 1:32, 33) As the King of God’s Kingdom, he and his followers in heaven and his holy angels will be with God’s servants on earth forever at Magadan. Then, in the Year of the Last Judgement, Jesus will be born again, and he and his 144,000 followers will restore mankind to life again. —John 5:28; 1 Peter 2:21, 22. 22:1, 2) One year after the end of the Kingdom, they would have completely destroyed sin and death. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) Then they would have completely destroyed Satan, his demons, and all human beings who had fallen victim to evil in the final judgment. (Ezek. 20:7-10) Then we would be able to accept Jehovah as our Savior from all evil, death, and suffering. We would not be able to open ourselves to God’s “great gift,” which is the self-sacrifice of Christ Jesus.—2 Cor. 9:15.

THE NOWLES WE DON'T KNOW WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Jehovah’s gift of grace, which Zechariah described as “giving us the opportunity to serve him forever,” gives us a valuable gift. How do we serve Jehovah? By preaching the good news, praying, studying his Word, and attending seminars and meetings, we serve Jehovah. By serving in the field, and by helping others to learn about Kingdom and other churches, we serve Jehovah.

8 Let’s say that we serve Jehovah ‘in vain,’

7. What seven ways does Jehovah provide for his people? —Luke 1:74, 75.

8. What should we avoid?

22 EZINZALƐ ARANE

What does it mean? First, it means another death. Because we have the hope of eternal life, it makes us focus our attention on the God we will live with, and try to devote all our energy and time to the things we want to do in this life. If even the most unbelievable people see that we are suffering from death, we may feel saddened. But let us be confident because we know that even if we die, Jesus will bring us back to life. (John 6:39, 40) Second, he teaches us that we shouldn’t be afraid of God, because even if we are persecuted by our enemies, God will not forsake us. We know that God is afraid of us and loves us, and we have confidence that he will make atonement for us and punish our sins through the sacrifice of Christ.—1 John 4:9, 10.

⁹ But it can also cause some Christians to feel that Jehovah is their guardian. Sometimes a bad situation that they have experienced makes them feel that they are not God's guardians. Or they may have committed a serious sin during the time they have been there. They have prayed sinfully to Jehovah and asked the leaders to forgive them, but they are still unable to change their minds. If you have this problem, what can you do?

10 Let us take the example of a man whose father is sick and he goes to the hospital to be examined by a doctor. If the doctor finds that the man is sick, he will remove the wound from the wound so that he can go to bed again. But if the listener finds that the wound is sick, he will not go to bed again. He will have to go to the doctor and he will not be able to do what he wants to do. Then the man will go and he will go to bed again or even flee.

(John 1:16, 17; Proverbs 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) If you feel that you’re wrong and that you’re not worthy of God’s mercy, you should ask God to help you. It’s because of God’s love and mercy that he has given you the power to rule. (John 1:16, 17; Proverbs 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Do what God tells you to do: read the Bible and study it. (Isaiah 1:2; 1 Thessalonians 5:17; Hebrews 10:25) When you feel that you’re not worthy of God’s mercy, you may want to take a step back. Similarly, if you feel that you’re not worthy of God’s mercy, and you don’t know what kind of rule you need, you can ask God to help you. (Philippians 3:16) Pray to Jehovah every day for the strength he gives you to serve him faithfully. We can all become Jehovah and Christ in this wonderful opportunity to serve the God whom we love! (Philippians 3:16) Pray to Jehovah every day for the strength he gives you to serve him faithfully. We can all become Jehovah and Christ in this wonderful opportunity to serve the God whom we love! (Philippians 3:16)

THE GREATEST DEVELOPMENTS

¹² Read Luke 1:76-79. Then Zechariah said to the young man: “Behold, you are going to the presence of the Lord.” What did John the Baptist do about this? When he became a priest, he was very diligent in his ministry. He told the Jews to repent of their sins and believe in the Messiah who was to come. When John saw Jesus, he preached to everyone that Jesus was the Messiah. He said: “This is the Word of God, which takes away the sin of the world!” Then John gave his brother the word of God.

9. What Are Some Christians Upset About?

10-11. What can we do if we feel that our sins have made God angry with us? We can trust him.

12. What did John the Baptist do to make Jehovah’s ways known? —Luke 1:76-79.

AUGUST 2026 23

If we obey God’s commandments and use the opportunities that are available to us, he will help us to do the work of preaching that he has entrusted to us. (Appendix 16)

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

A Student's Dilemma

The disciples recognized Jesus as the Messiah.—John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John tried to tell many people that Jesus was the Messiah, and this was very important. Why? Zechariah said that the coming of the Messiah would be “a great delight.” That was because Jesus was going to bring all people to life! He had to preach this message to everyone, but he wouldn’t do that. Who else could have convinced John to bring this message to life?

14 Jesus took this message seriously. When Zechariah declared that he would “restore those who were in pain and sickness.” He was keen to help those who were in need, and he preached to them about “the time of the Lord’s grace” when he would comfort them. (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21.) He said: “The Kingdom of God is at hand.” But he was afraid that many people would come to preach the gospel, so he instructed his disciples to show them how they would preach it.—Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 Yes, we must do the work that will enable us to give our lives for the sake of Jehovah. Indeed, the sacrificial sacrifice of Jesus and the good news of God’s Kingdom are more important to us today than ever before. Why? Because of the message that he will preach. Humankind will inevitably face “a great tribulation, such as the world has never seen.” (Matt. 24:21) At that time, many people began to preach the good news of God’s Kingdom.

13. Why do we say that the coming Messiah was “unbelievable” to God’s people?

14. What crucial task did Jesus and his disciples accomplish? —Isaiah 61:1, 2.

15. Why is the work of preaching more important today than ever before?

24 EZINZALƐ ARANE

(Matt. 25:34; Mark 16:16; 19:19) This shows how important it is for us to spread the good news of the Kingdom. —Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:10. “Therefore, I say unto you, Behold, I have sent my angels to all the nations, and to all the tribes, and to all the languages, and to all the tribes of the earth, and to all the nations of the sea, and to all the nations of the air, and to all the tribes of the earth, and to all the people of the earth, and to all the languages of the sea, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the people of the earth, and to all the people of the earth, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations of the sea, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations of the sea, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations of the sea, and to all the nations of the earth, and to all the nations

16 The story of Zechariah in Luke 1:68-79 reminds us of the things we should be anxious about. These are Jehovah’s wonderful gift of life, the opportunity we have to serve Him who loves us, and the ministry of preaching that inspires people. Do you have faith in Christ’s sacrifice and are willing to give yourself up to Him to receive His gift? Are you anxious about the opportunity you have to serve Him? If you are, then you are anxious about the work that is being done to prepare you for the “time of the Lord’s grace.” Jehovah tells others about the “day of wrath,” when he will come to destroy us and his people and make the earth a paradise. But he calls all who worship him to offer ourselves to serve him “always, walking in truth and faithfulness before him all the days of our lives.”—Luke 1:74, 75.

Video 24: In the first video, two sisters are going to the church to testify. In the second video, a man is giving a testimony to a co-worker while they are at work. In the third video, an elderly woman is giving a testimony to a co-worker while they are at work. In the fourth video, an elderly woman is giving a testimony to a co-worker while they are at work. In the fifth video, a younger woman is giving a testimony to a co-worker while she is at work. In the sixth video, a younger woman is giving a testimony while she is at work. In the seventh video, a younger woman is giving a testimony while she is at work. In the seventh video, a younger woman is giving a testimony while she is at work. In the seventh video, a younger woman is giving a testimony while she is at work. In the seventh video, a younger woman is giving a testimony while she is at work. In the seventh video, a younger woman is giving a testimony while she is at work.

16. What do you decide to do? (Look at the pictures.)

IF YOU LOOK AT LUK 1:68-79, YOU WILL...

■ What wonderful gift does Jehovah give us?

■ What opportunities does Jesus’ sacrifice give us?

■ What work do they do for us?

STORY 159 Find Jehovah’s Love

THERE ARE NO SECOND CHOICES

Me Buyer Kpole Ne Nwela Me

STÉPHANE LANDEROIN ANLOA EDWƐKƐ

When I was a child, I was a school-going kid who was very busy. I wanted to be the only one who did what I wanted to do, and no one else wanted to care about me. So I wanted God to help me. Why?

I grew up in Paris, France. My parents and neighbors loved Christmas, but I didn’t like it at all. I wasn’t sure if anyone else had copied what I knew, but my parents did. I learned about this at school, and I thought it was a common practice that everyone else did. It made me understand and I asked questions about it.

My parents were very religious. They believed that if there was a God, there would be no fear of death or evil. As I grew up, I saw that many of those who loved God were unbelievers, and I was afraid that no one would believe that there was a loving God. I was afraid even of those who believed in God.

But today, I feel like there's a God there who cares about me regardless of how I feel. I'm going to tell you about how I'm feeling and how he cares about me.

When I was 19 years old, my parents decided that they needed to protect me and sent me to French Guiana in South America for a year. I was not able to believe how much this beautiful place in my mother's backyard had influenced me.

When I was 20 years old, I moved to Paris. But what I was doing wasn't just working for the festival, and at the end of the festival, I was going to the bars and to the big parties. But I was really busy. I was so busy that I couldn't stop myself. I saw that people were honest, they were honest with me and they were honest with others, and that hurt me a lot. People would tell me.

A group of believers in God’s kingdom gathered in Paris, France.

26 EZINZALƐ ARANE

I was trying to get all of these things but I didn't know how to do it, so I decided to go to South America.

WHAT ARE THE MEETINGS OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL’S COMMITTEE ON THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL’S CONFERENCE?

I went to French Guiana, and I lived in a house where I had a friend. I was afraid that if I went to a place where the weather was so bad, I wouldn't be able to see the troubles in Paris. But after a while, the weather took over. I worked all day and at the end of the day, I went to a party.

At that time, someone gave me a Bible and a book, and I expected that he would give me good advice that would help me behave better, but I didn’t know what I was reading.

I had a relationship with a group of people who were trying to understand how they were being treated as human beings. They wanted to join a group called Unity, and they told me to join them.

When we were sleeping, we used to do a lot of things that made us feel like we were ourselves. We did everything that made us feel like we were the angels. We woke up the next day, ate dinner. We ate dinner, drank beer, and had a good drink. We destroyed the land and did something to someone else’s friend. We didn’t care, because we wanted to hurt things. We were rude to everyone. If there was a law that we would not obey and that wouldn’t hurt anyone, we would obey it.

We thought that the world was our home. Everyone had power over everyone else and we treated everyone with respect no matter where they came from. However, I found that we were uncomfortable with ourselves and that everyone was dependent on us. And I found that we had the same problems that everyone else had. Some stayed for a week, some stayed for a week or two. But my mother stayed with us for more than two years.

When I was in my sleep, I saw how the earth was ready for everything we needed. One day, I thought I was going to take advantage of it. He was going to take advantage of me. And what he said to me was,

A. An example in Unity and its interface

B. When I was in my sleep

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

B

‘Why is the earth so full of things? Is it not a place where everything is arranged and arranged for everyone who wants to live there?’ I found that everything was arranged. But how was everything arranged? It seemed like there was a Master. But I was not sure.

I began studying the Bible. But this time, I was not sure what God wanted me to do. I refused to pray and to make the symbols meaningful in my mind like the Catholic Church did, despite the fact that I did not know how to do it. In our time, we used to use the name Yahweh, and I was not sure what to do if the name of the Lord was not Yahweh.

WHEN YOU KNOW YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE AND YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE

When I think back to the times when I used to pray, it makes me feel like the Lord saw that I was trying to learn more about Him. A friend of mine in my neighborhood came to Jehovah’s Witnesses and they gave her the You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth* book.

* Jehovah's Witnesses did it but do not celebrate it anymore today.

I thought that I could live forever in a paradise on earth. And what I was looking for was to live in a beautiful place on earth and have a long-lasting relationship with the people I loved. I wanted to be close to this beautiful Lord who arranged for us to live in this beautiful place for a day.

I didn’t know if I needed to follow some of my skills, but I knew I needed someone to teach me. A missionary named Michel and a friend of mine were studying the Bible, and he asked me to give him a copy of it so that he and I could learn something.

After my visit, Michel told a member of the congregation that they were going to hold a meeting in Matoury. If I was old enough, I would be able to ride for about 15 minutes. My heart was working well and I was feeling a little tired. The blue sky, the cliffs and the sky were bright. Despite how much I was sick, my brothers and sisters cared for me and gave me food and water. The joy and joy that my brothers and sisters showed me made me believe in the truth.

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDONIA

I learned the truth in French Guiana, lived in France and today I am with my wife in New Caledonia, a mountaineer.

The Day of Remembrance

Speech to a Chinese group, 2006

When they attended the meeting, they talked about 1 Timothy 5:8. The sermon explained that a good family is one that cares about its members. They also explained that God uses this principle and will always be with his family members. I learned that if I do God’s will in my life, God will be with me. When I studied Michel’s life, I became convinced that this was true. He was focused on God’s will, but he was always willing to say anything he wanted to say, and he did it.

After I learned so much, I made a change. I decided to quit smoking and drinking. I stopped smoking and drinking and stopped smoking again. I started studying again. One day, while I was studying, I asked a man to fix my long hair, and he did it at a Kingdom Hall.

A few months ago, I visited French Guiana and decided to go back to France. I studied and continued my Bible studies. My life was good, but how I did it affected my family. I used to smoke cigarettes, drink beer, and go to big parties. But because I used to talk to my family about my faith in the best possible way, they were upset. I found that I had to be more patient and careful about how they felt when I spoke to them about Jehovah.

I married him in 1996. I prayed to Jehovah that he would make me a missionary like Michel, but he felt that this was not the right way for me to get closer to Jehovah.

I ANWUMA SELEA AND YILALE ME KPOLE

There was a lovely lady in my congregation. Her name was Claudine, and I loved her. I noticed her hard work in the congregation and the help she gave me in my studies showed that she loved Jehovah. I loved her, but I wanted to encourage her if she decided to become a missionary. She was a self-employed woman, and we divorced in April 2000.

A year ago, we were doing volunteer work. We decided to learn Mandarin to help a Chinese group in a local congregation. I was interested in learning the language. I had to think about Chinese and learn new ways of preaching the good news to people around me. Indeed, I knew Mandarin well. But I tried not to be overwhelmed by the excitement of the missionary work we did with Chinese brothers and sisters. Jehovah blessed us at that time and chose us for the mission.

IN THE CASE OF ONE AND THE SAME PERSON

Over the years, I’ve had to deal with many challenges. For example, I was worried about what I could do to help Jehovah and his people.

AUGUST 2026 29

One of the most popular mountaineering activities in New Caledonia

My friends were few and far between. I spent a lot of time in my ministry because I thought everything was right. But I was disappointed because I was wrong in everything I did. (Proverbs 7:16) I needed to understand that Jehovah is a merciful God who wants us to do everything right. He appreciates every effort we make.

When I was in Paris, I was told that I was a missionaries and a missionary. I felt as if I was a young man, but I learned that if we were inspired by Jehovah’s holy spirit to do the things he wants us to do, we would not fail.

I had another problem. Since I was a child, I had a disease that made me speak too much, and I didn’t know how to speak properly. When I was upset, I couldn’t speak well in public. But when I asked Jehovah to let me go, I could speak less. The problem wasn’t so bad, but when I gave myself up to Jehovah, I became more self-conscious and used to speak too much.

In 2011, the Lord gave us the opportunity to take a long-awaited mission to New Caledonia, a beautiful island in the Pacific Ocean. We lived in Paris.

He had to learn how to do it. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, they would be asked first. He had to learn all of these things. He had to learn how to do it. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, they would be asked first. He had to learn all of these things. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, they would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, they would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, they would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. For example, if he was asked about the men of the village, he would be asked first. He had to learn all of

We served as missionaries and spent a few years on the field. Then we attended a Kingdom Evangelist’s seminary and became a missionaries. You can see how Jehovah uses his holy spirit to help us in every task. He shows us that we are angels of our own accord. That’s why I always pray that he will help me to do what is important to me. I’m not always happy when I’m in public, but with the help of Jehovah, I’m able to encourage and inspire my fellow brothers and sisters.

We had a lot of difficulties, but Claudine helped me overcome them all. She was a great person. She was willing to do whatever we asked her to do, and she was always willing to show herself. She didn’t talk to me about any of the problems we encountered.

During the meetings we attended, I learned that Jehovah, our Father, is with us forever. That gave me a lot of inspiration. He taught me how to deal with elders. He also taught me to study the Scriptures. I thought about my relationships with others so that I could apply the principles of Jehovah’s plan to my life. But Jehovah gave me many relationships. I was a good person. And I knew that we would live forever together and that he would come to help us in many ways.—Mark 10:29, 30.

30 EZINZALƐ ARANE

ASOO EZEZ?

In the past, what were they doing outside of the city walls?

The Bible describes 50 cities in the Old Testament, each of which has its own speciality. The Bible describes 50 cities in the Old Testament, each of which has its own speciality, and the Bible describes 50 cities in the Old Testament, each of which has its own speciality, and the Bible describes 50 cities in the Old Testament, each of which has its own speciality, and the Bible describes 50 cities in the Old Testament, each of which has its own speciality, and the Bible describes 50 cities in the Old Testament, each of which has its own speciality, and the Bible describes 50 cities in the Old Testament, each of which has its own speciality, and the Bible describes 50 cities in the Old Testament, each of which has its own speciality, and the Bible describes 50 cities in the Old Testament, each of which has its own speciality, and the Bible describes 50 cities in the Old Testament, each of which has its own speciality, and the Bible describe

People were there. The reference to “the great staircase” referred to the staircase in front of the city. But it referred to the city’s great staircase, which was used to pass through the walls of the city. In some places, if you passed through the staircase, you would find a place where a large crowd would gather. —Neh. 8:1.

There were a number of temples in Jerusalem, one of which was called the Great Temple, and the other, the Small Temple. They were named after the things that were kept there.—Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

(Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Deut. 4:1, 10) If a man or woman came to worship in the temple, they would go to the altar. (Deut. 19:15-21) People would go to the temple from the city walls to listen to Elisha’s message. —2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

(Deuteronomy 21:18-20) Because there were so many people present, it helped the preachers to speak more fluently. If the preachers didn’t know what they were talking about, they used to ask the people who were present what they thought was right or wrong. (Deuteronomy 21:19-21)

They often worked in the suburbs or near the larger towns.

(Deuteronomy 25:2) The people who lived near the city’s great walls were expected to be good-natured and to show good behavior. —Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Psalm 29:7, 11-17.

(1 Kings 22:10; 2 Kings 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu told all the people all the words that Jehovah had spoken to the men of Ahab’s house. (2 Kings 10:8-10) King Hezekiah called the leaders of the tribes in front of the city’s high hill to encourage them to turn to Jehovah. —2 Kings 19:1-3, 10, 11, 13, 14, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100, 1 32:6-8.

The Bible says that “wiseness of judgment” leads to wisdom “in the city’s gates.” (Deuteronomy 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, wise men used to give good advice and speak aloud in the city’s gates. Indeed, Jehovah has chosen his wisdom to be recorded in the Bible, and his servants around the world are spreading this true wisdom.

AUGUST 2026 31

THE FOUR FACTS ABOUT YHWH'S BELIFULNESS

August 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 8 NZEMA

OUR MAGAZINE HERE YOU ARE

What we will study on October 5-11 | 2

Don’t Give Up on Satan, Make Your Way to Jehovah’s and Jesus’ Love

What we will study on October 12-18 | 8

You can become a Konim!

What we will study on October 19-25 | 14

I'm Going Out of My Own Way

What we will study on October 26–November 1 | 20

Why It’s So Important to Serve the One and Only God

THE FUTURE OF THE WORLD | 26

Me Buyer Kpole Ne Nwela Me

ASOO EZE? | 31

In the past, what were they doing outside of the city walls?

This booklet is a donation to the Worldwide Bible Study Foundation, a charitable organization that helps people who are struggling financially. If you would like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

For more information on the differences between the Bible and the Bible, see Bible Conversation—The Evidence of God's Word.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

SUKOA DƆƆNWO

Baka Bie Lwa Bɔ Ndotolo Ɛɛ

In the Bible, there are more than 30 different trees that are mentioned in the book of Revelation. In the New Testament, there are more than 30 different trees that are mentioned in the book of Revelation. At the end of January, it is believed that there will be a great flood of rain. The word “flood” means “the resurrection of the dead,” and it means “the resurrection of the Lord.” Does this flood coincide with the Lord’s resurrection of the dead?

According to Genesis 7:25, Jehovah referred to himself as “the Risen One” and sent his prophets. March 1, 2011, the Encyclopædia Britannica said: “Just as the angels did not use the word ‘rise,’ so did Jehovah ‘rise to power’ in symbolic ways to warn the people against those who did not obey him. He would have been willing—‘to go to be God’—to do so in order to fulfil his prophecy.”—Gen. 1:11, 12.

But the Bible tells us that only the elders were allowed to raise the crown of olives above the fireplace. (Deuteronomy 12:5) However, perhaps because the crown was so beautiful, and because there were so many things inside the tabernacle, they made the crown of olives from the crown of olives above the fireplace.—Ezekiel 37:17-20.

Visit the jw.org website or visit one of the following sites:

JW.ORG

w26.08-NZ