OCTOBER 2026

THE WORSHIP OF GOD IN THE WORSHIP OF THE WORSHIP OF GOD

ANNOUNCEMENT DATE: DECEMBER 7, 2026-JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

ASIA'S NEXT 100 YEARS

“Not long ago, God gave the people a name. Some of them were the churches of the earth.” These were the words of the Watchtower of January 1, 1926.

In 1926, Jehovah, through Jesus Christ, the head of the church, helped Christians to understand that preaching should be the most important thing in their lives. This made him a “trustworthy and counseling counselor” for this work. For example, he published books, reformed Christian meetings, and instructed all Christians about what they should do. (Matt. 24:45) With Christ’s help, they also built shelters and bookshelves; this helped them to continue to preach.

AGBALẼ YEYE AƔE KPLE ASIỤTRỌ SIWOU WOU LE KPEKPEAWO

In April, a magazine called Nunyonameɣi (now Jehovah’s Witnesses!) announced the release of a new book titled Deliverance, which would take the place of the most widely used book at the time, Studies in the Scriptures or Études des Écritures. Because the brothers wanted to receive the new book in large quantities, the Bethel staff built a library that could hold 22 books in one minute. The Bible Students tried to get the new book to every person they preached to.

For many years, Bible Students have been studying the Bible Study book in their meetings. But since early May, they have been studying the articles published in the Watch Tower. What have they learned from this?

One of them wrote to Brother Rutherford, “The Little Bunker Hill Church lives for you. On Sundays, we learn the news that the organization has to say to the churches. This means that when new information comes in, we can identify it immediately. We are grateful for that.”

These “new insights” helped the Bible Students focus on preaching. For example, a report found that some people focused on developing good qualities such as kindness and humility, and wrote down the most important things that true Christians should do. The report noted that Jehovah commanded Christians to be his preachers. Therefore, because Christians love Jehovah, they should all be willing to do what he commands them to do.

Another story confirms that true Christians worship Jehovah faithfully to show that they love him. The story encourages Bible students to make every effort to preach to as many people as he can.—Isaiah 43:10, 12; Matthew 24:14.

The reports helped the brothers to make the immediately needed changes in the communities. When the reports were read a few weeks later,

2

GOVERNMENT OF THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY

A letter written by a brother was published in the Watchtower on July 15, 1926. The brother said: “The new news we learn is very encouraging and comforting. In fact, we not only read the Watchtower, but we study it.” He added that “everybody wants to answer questions in the meeting, and that is very beneficial to the church.”

THE WORSHIP OF GOD’S PEOPLE TO BE FRIENDLY TO ONE ANOTHER

At the end of May, the Bible Students attended a conference in London, England. At the time, all of the British libraries were closed. Therefore, the brothers at the Brooklyn branch office worked for many hours to produce 117,000 copies of a new booklet about God’s messages to the world, which was distributed to those attending the conference.

On Sunday, May 29, the attendees of the meeting were greeted with a speech. The program of the meeting urged the brothers and sisters: “Let every Bible student everywhere strive to preach Jesus and the Kingdom. Therefore, go to Alexandra Palace, and the brothers and sisters there will show you what you can do.”

They sent out more than 100,000 books. The Watchtower of July 15, 1926 said: “The brothers were very pleased. They realized that they were doing the work that Jehovah had entrusted to them, which was to preach.”

The next day, Brother Rutherford gave a lecture on the future of the world at the Royal Albert Hall. Shortly after the fire broke out, 13,000 people gathered in the hall, and a fire extinguisher was sent out to those who had not been able to enter the hall to hear the fire.

In his sermon, Brother Rutherford pointed out that the reason for the collapse of the world governments was because people had disbelieved in Jehovah and His Kingdom. Brother Rutherford stressed that the Cloud of Nations would not last.

WORKERS ARE GOING TO WORK IN INDIA

Brother Rutherford attended a meeting in London with Brother Edwin Skinner, a journalist (now known as a pastor). Shortly after the meeting, Brother Skinner returned to his office, but Brother Rutherford told him to visit him in London.

Elder Skinner said, “I was thinking of telling him that I had served in a foreign country. So I went to London..., and I was afraid that if he told me that I had served in a foreign country, I wouldn’t like it.

A. Deliverance Book

B. Alexandra Palace, London

Royal Albert Hall, London, UK

DELIVERANCE!

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

B

D

Mr. George Wright (male) and Edwin Skinner serving in India

E. George Draper

Ð

E

Brother Rutherford asked, “Do you want to go to India?” He replied, “Do you want to go?”

Brother George Wright was also interested in serving in India, so after three weeks in July, he and Brother Edwin departed. Brother Skinner served as an assistant minister in Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India and Persia (Iran). Brother Skinner served in India for 64 years until he retired in 1990.

DZIKPÓLA MĘZÓLAWO XÔ NGGÔ NA SUBƆSUBƆDƆA

Beginning in 1894, the organization appointed some brothers to attend Bible Students’ meetings, similar to what is done today by church presidents. In July 1926, the mission of the brothers was changed from one-day meetings to two-day meetings, and they were asked to attend 100 hours of meetings each year.

Brother George Draper, the president of the Watch Tower Society, wrote a letter to the organization in which he urged all brothers, including the presidents, to be willing to contribute to the cause of God, and that studying the Watch Tower magazines would help them to do so. Brother Draper began his ministry in 1938.

NEW YORK DISTRICT SECURITY OFFICER

The Great Conference of 1926 was held in New York City from October 14 to 18, 1926. The newspaper offices wanted to publish Brother Rutherford’s speech at the conference, but when it was time for the conference to begin, the majority of the newspaper offices decided not to publish it.

The brothers decided that they wanted everybody to know about the work of the newspaper library. So on Friday, October 15, R. J. Martin printed a tract entitled How to Help People. The tract showed that the newspaper library did not want people to know about the news. Brother Martin said, “We started our own books, and our Bethel brothers kept printing them day and night until we had printed 1,520,000 tracts. And let us tell the brothers who came to the meeting to spread it.” The brothers distributed the tracts on Sunday and by the end of the day, 300,000 copies of the tract had been sold.

On Saturday and Sunday, many copies of the tract were distributed. The total number of tracts distributed at the meetings exceeded one million! In addition, the volunteers distributed 3,783 copies of the book Deliverance and 35,140 other books.

Around 12,000 people attended Brother Rutherford's sermon.

APPENDIX 4

S Judge Rutherford's Lecture Earth's Greatest Conflict Near New Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 3 o'clock SEATS FREE NO COLLECTION rnational Bible Students Association

A

F

E. Wodo published Brother Rutherford’s speech in the newspaper

F. A meeting held at Madison Square Garden in New York City in October 1926

Sunday, October 17 at 3:00 p.m. After the meeting, the devotees wanted to read more. This resulted in the brothers receiving 1,000 copies. This was the first time they had received such a large number of copies in a meeting.

SHOW YOU WHAT'S WITH ADAMS STREET

As the number of people in need of our books grew, the brothers in Brooklyn felt the need to build a larger library. They used to rent a building on Concord Street, where our books were stored, but they were unable to carry all the books they needed there because of their size. So the brothers bought a lot of land on Adams Street, not far from the existing library. They built a seven-story church on the land. They built a larger one so that they could carry all the books they needed there.

In 1927, they acquired a new building, which allowed the brothers to do more work as the work progressed. During that year, the Bible Students gained a great deal of trust and the organization encouraged God’s people to adopt the name Jehovah’s Witnesses.

Library located on Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York

OCTOBER 2026 5

DECEMBER 7-13, 2026

CHAPTER 46 Jehovah, Your Helper

This story will help us to become more helpful, and to see how we can show this goodness in our lives.

Ndeee Fia Be Yenye Akpedala

“You who are grateful.”—COL. 3:15.

A 95-year-old brother named John* is suffering from a chronic illness, and he is getting help from friends and family. Whenever someone visits him or does something for him, he says, “Help me.” He then writes the names of those people on a notepad. When he gets tired, he asks the person who is helping him to go to his house and pray for him. He prays to Jehovah for every good thing that someone has done for him that day. One of the people who visited him said, “Even though John is dead and ill, he is always happy and there is something about him.” John’s example teaches us that if we are benevolent, it will bring us joy and happiness.

2 Unfortunately, many people today are grateful, and the Bible predicts that this will happen in the future. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) Some people write to give thanks, but many people don’t feel the need to do so because they think that what is done to them is good for them. This is a sign of pride.

3 As Jehovah’s servants, we need to be careful of the lack of gratitude that many people show today. The Apostle Paul said: “You are grateful.” (Col. 3:15) This means that we must not only think that we are grateful, but also show it. In this article, we will examine three questions: (1) Why should we be grateful? (2) How can we become grateful?

* Change name.

1. What do you learn from John’s parable? (See also the pictures.) 2. How do many people laugh today? 3. What will we study in this story?

6

If we are grateful, it will bring us joy and peace (See Figure 1)

(3) How can we show that we are helpers?

WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO BE OUR PRESIDENT?

The Bible says, “All the days of the afflicted are evil.” (Proverbs 15:15) We all experience stressful situations from time to time. We can’t do anything about them, but we can do something about how we deal with them. If we concentrate solely on our problems, we may feel that all our days are “fear,” and that feeling will prevent us from recognizing the good things that are happening in our lives and from enjoying them.

Proverbs 15:15 says, “A man whose heart is happy is always happy.” A person who is happy is focused on the good things he can do, which helps him to focus on his problems. Therefore, it is easier for a person who is grateful to be “always happy,” which means that he can be happy.

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. In prayer, we ask Jehovah to help us “not to be distressed.” Why? The more we try to thank him, the more we reflect on what he has done for us and do not worry about what will happen in the future. If we reflect on how he is preparing for us now, we will be more confident that he will be with us in the future, so we will not be distressed about the immediate future. (Matt. 6:25-34) Moreover, if we sincerely pray to Jehovah, or even ask him for help, he will help us not to be distressed about the immediate future.

4. If we are grateful, why would it hurt us?

5. If we are grateful, how does that make us more happy?

6. If we are grateful, how does this make us ‘not grieve’? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

OCTOBER 2026 | 7

Isaiah 33:6 "He is the stability of your times" ♡

Take time to reflect on your past every day (See notes 9-10)

But to help us, he gives us the “peace of God,” which makes us not restless and unmoved by sorrow.

7 When we are grateful, we become closer to Jehovah. He gives us all the good things we have. (Read James 1:17.) Some of these are sacrifice and the hope of eternal life. Why does he give us these things? Not because we need him, but because he loves us. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) When we appreciate the love that our Father and Best Friend, Jehovah, has for us, we become closer to him.

WHAT DO WE AND THE PEOPLE WITH WHOM WE HAVE A RELATIONSHIP HAVE TO KNOW?

8 Think about how Jehovah has helped you. For example, think about a difficult situation you’ve come through. Perhaps someone close to you has died, you’ve been hard pressed, or you’ve lost your faith. How did you cope with those difficult situations? You’ll be sure that it’s not in your own power. Rather, it’s Jehovah who supports your efforts and gives you the strength you need. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) When you think about the things Jehovah has done for you, you’ll be more grateful.—Ps. 103:2.

9 Think about what Jehovah is doing for you right now. The Bible says: “Give thanks for these things.” (1 Thess. 5:18) Take time every day to think about your good deeds. You can do this in the morning to start the day with joy, in the evening to finish the day well, or at any other time that suits you. (Ps. 92:1, 2) Like John, you can write down the good things that happened that day. How can you remember what you write down?

10 Instead, consider the good things that Jehovah has done for you this day, for which you would like to give him thanks. (Ps. 40:5)

7. How does being a benefactor bring us closer to Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. Why should we reflect on how Jehovah has helped us to this point? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What good things has Jehovah done for you that make you happy every day? (See also the picture.)

8

GOVERNMENT OF THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY

(Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Consider other ways in which you can give thanks to Jehovah for his spiritual gifts, such as the verses that help you, the stories and videos that help you when you need them, and the answers he gives to your prayers. (Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Consider other ways in which you can give thanks to Jehovah, such as the sun that shines on you, the food you eat, and how you feel when a friend gives you a treat. All of these ways in which you can give thanks to Jehovah are because he has given you “peace and life.” (Deut. 17:25) What else has Jehovah done for you that makes you want to thank him today?—Eph. 5:20.

11 Think about the examples you have seen when you’re a member of a loving and united congregation. (Ps. 133:1; Lod. 18:24) Does a brother do something good for you or say something to encourage you? (Lod. 12:25; 16:24) Even if he does something for you, it’s an example you can thank him for. Consider this example. After a sister’s niece died, she was able to attend the meetings at first. She said: “One sister who was in the upper part of the congregation didn’t want to go home. She came here and sat down with me, and she took the lower part of the congregation with me. This made me love the brothers so much.” Just the way they looked at this sister who was sitting in the middle of the room made him feel special and appreciative of her.

12 When we reflect on what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he is doing for us now, we are encouraged to be grateful. But, as we said at the beginning of this article, we must not only think that we are grateful, but also show that we are grateful. How can we do that?

HOW MUCH ARE YOU READY TO PAY?

13 How can we show that we are grateful? After encouraging us to be grateful, the apostle Paul said: “Whatever you do in word or deed, do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father without ceasing.” (Col. 3:15, 17) We show gratitude in words and deeds. In this chapter, Paul discusses how we can show gratitude to Jehovah. But he is also pleased when we show gratitude to others. Now let’s look at some ways we can show gratitude in our words and deeds.

14 Show appreciation in your words. When someone does something good for you or says something to encourage you, remember to thank them. You can send them a letter or text message to express your appreciation. For example, if a friend visits your family, you can send them a text message to express your appreciation. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) Sometimes, you can also express appreciation to the spouses of friends, because they show how they appreciate their spouses.

11-12. How do our brothers and sisters look at us?

13. How can we show that we are helpers?

14. How can you show appreciation in your speech? (See also the pictures.)

OCTOBER 2026 | 9

How can you show appreciation to others? (See paragraph 14.)

The time spent at the hospital was spent talking to the brothers and encouraging them.

15 Above all, let us seek to thank Jehovah in our own words. We do this by praying to him from our hearts. (Eph. 6:18) Often when we pray, we ask or ask Jehovah to help us. We don’t ask him to help us cope with a difficult situation, to give us wisdom to think wisely, or to help us overcome a mistake we have made. But when we reflect on all that Jehovah has done for us, it will lead us to thank him in our prayers as well. (Ps. 95:2) Therefore, sometimes we want to ask ourselves, ‘In my prayers, do I only ask Jehovah for something, or do I give him even more thanks?’

16 Show appreciation in your actions. If someone does something good for you, show that you appreciate it. Jesus said that there is great joy in life. (Deuteronomy 20:35) So if you show appreciation in your actions, not just in your words, you will be more happy. It will also help others feel that you care about them, and that you have a close relationship with them.

17 The great things Jehovah has done for us inspire us to show gratitude for our actions. How can we do that? One way is to “offer ourselves as an unleavened sacrifice” to Jehovah. (Read Romans 12:1.) This means that we must continue to devote our whole life and all our possessions to Jehovah, and use all our mind and all our strength to do what is right in his sight. What does this require of us?

18 Because we were grateful for what the Lord had done for us, we gave ourselves up

15. How can we show our gratitude to Jehovah for his mercy?

16. Why should we show appreciation for the actions of others?

17-18. How can we show gratitude to Jehovah for our actions? (Romans 12:1)

APPENDIX 10

God is pleased when we dedicate ourselves to him and become baptized. He is pleased when we devote our time, energy, and resources to his worship. So we try to read and meditate on the Bible every day, preach the good news, attend and participate in church meetings, and volunteer to help with some of the Lord’s tasks. (Ps. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) By doing all that we can to serve him, we show how much we appreciate all that he has done for us.—Col. 3:23, 24.

When we reflect on what God has done for us in the past and what he is doing for us now, we will become more grateful to him. Let us resolve to stop using words and deeds to please others, especially to show that we are grateful to God. If we do that, our gracious God will give us all kinds of blessings, from now on and forever.—Ps. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19 For though many are thankful in the present world, yet there are good reasons why we ought to be thankful: for we know that if we are thankful,

WHAT’S IN THE PHOTOS Section 7: What John does to show his appreciation. Section 8: While John isn’t very fond of a new sister, he thinks about some of the things Jehovah has done for her; one of them is how some of the verses in the Bible have affected her.

19. Why did you decide to become a missionary?

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ Why should I be grateful?

■ How can you be an appreciative person?

■ How can you show that you are an adult?

ARTICLE 139 Watch Yourself in the Dark

DECEMBER 14-20, 2026

ARTICLE 143 We Should Be Careful, Careful, Careful

This article will help us to take a closer look at the ways in which we can contribute to some of the three things that Jehovah is doing today.

Learn About the Things Jehovah Does for His People

“By this all men shall know that you are my enemies.”—JOHANNES 13:35.

HOW WOULD YOU FEEL IF YOU WOULD BE WITH YOU WHEN GOD BROKE THE FLOOD AND BRINGED THE ISRAELITES OUT OF EGYPTE? AND HOW WOULD YOU FEEL IF YOU WOULD BE WITH YOU WHEN YOU WOULD BE WITH JESUS WORKING WITH PEOPLE AND RAISING THEM FROM THE DEAD? You will surely be amazed and delighted by these things. These are just a few of the miracles recorded in the Bible. Anyone with a good heart who witnesses these miracles will be convinced that Jehovah was there after these events. (Matt. 15:31) But these miracles took place a long time ago. But are miracles happening today? Yes! Why do we say so?

2 Wonder is something that humans cannot do or fully understand. It is something that Jehovah uses his power to accomplish. In this article, we’ll look at three of the miraculous things that God is doing in his organization. We can say that they are miraculous because it is God who can make them happen. As we look at each of them, we’ll see how we can be “helpers” to help Jehovah accomplish these things. —Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

BUT WE LOVE OUR LAND AND OUR PEOPLE

3 The prophet Isaiah foretold from time immemorial that the number of Jehovah’s servants would increase in our day. (Read Isaiah 60:22.) Did this prophecy come true? Consider this: In 1914, the number of Jehovah’s servants was about 1,000,000.

1-2. (a) What are some of the things that are recorded in the Bible? (b) What is a thing, and what is the focus of this article? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can we say that Jehovah’s people have become a “fortified city”? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also the pictures.)

12

Since 1914, Jehovah’s love for his people has increased dramatically. (See Figure 3.)

Fe 2026 9,000,000 people

Fe 1914 Ame abe 5,000 ene

5,000. But since then, the number of those who have come has grown to more than 150 million. There are more than 130 countries in the world with a population of less than 1 million. It is unprecedented in history that so many people have come to know Jehovah and worship him in more than 240 countries around the world. We should not be confused with some other religions, but it is not surprising that the rapid growth described in God’s Word has occurred. Yes, “many people” have become a “strong nation.”

4 We don’t do this on our own. Instead, we study the Bible and make changes in our lives that are consistent with what we learn. For some of us, these changes require changes in our attitudes and behaviour. (1 Cor. 6:9-11) Once we have made these changes, we become a member of the Holy Communion and begin to preach the good news so that we can help others learn about Jehovah and worship him. After some time, we committed ourselves to Jehovah and promised to do his will no matter what. We were baptized.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 The way we are learning is by learning because it is only from God that it can come. Jesus made it clear that it is not difficult to be his disciple. He said: “If any man will come after me, let him forsake himself, and leave all that he has, and follow me.” (Matt. 16:24) This means that Jesus must have been a disciple.

4. Why is the way we are growing remarkable?

5. What did Jesus say would happen to his followers?

OCTOBER 2026 13

You Do It Even If You Don't Like It

Jehovah's Witnesses were remarkably resilient during World War II, even though they were brutally persecuted. "The closer you get to the Witnesses, the more they become aggressive," said a Nazi officer.

Consider what happened in the Netherlands (Pays-Bas) at that time. A 1986 report stated: “Despite the persecution of some, the imprisonment and torture of some, and the killing of some, in just two years their number more than doubled to 1,379 in 1943.... Jehovah was with His servants and made them endure even in such difficult conditions.”

They were brought before the Sanhedrin, the highest judgment body of the Jews. These synagogue leaders wanted to “destroy” the apostles, but a Pharisee named Gamaliel warned them: “Do not listen to these men, but let them alone. For if this order or this deed is from men, it will be destroyed; but if it is from God, you will not destroy it. Otherwise, you will be as if you were destroying God Himself.” (Deuteronomy 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Gamaliel continued. After the apostles were destroyed, the priests continued to persecute them. (Acts 6:7) Why? Maybe God was helping his people to keep up and grow in faith even though they were being persecuted.—Acts 1:8.

For example, Jesus predicted that his followers would be brought before rulers and kings. (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also warned his followers that the leaders of the church would be very resentful of them. (John 16:2) Jesus said that even people’s relatives would look down on them because they worshiped Jehovah.—Matt. 10:34-36.

6 Jesus foretold that the first-century Christians would be persecuted. Soon after Jesus' resurrection, the Jewish priests tried to persuade his disciples to preach, but the apostles did not.

7 However, thousands of people are accepting the truth even though their relatives, co-workers, and other people reject or dislike them. Why do these new disciples want to ‘put their own passions to Jesus’? (Matt. 16:24) They do so because they love Jehovah and believe in the promise he has made to them. And Jehovah gives them “the greatest strength” so that they can endure. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When their relatives reject them, they think to themselves as if they were a whisperer, saying: “Even if my father and my mother forsake me, Jehovah will receive me.” (Ps. 27:10) The fact that so many people were drawn to Jesus’ disciples despite their severe disdain for them was a real surprise.

6. What encouraged the early Christians despite the threat of persecution?

7. How do Jesus’ disciples today follow the example of the first Christians? (See the section entitled, “They Love Their Neighbors Despite Their Dislikes.”)

APPENDIX 14

8 While we’re involved in some of the preaching work, we’re working together with Jehovah and Jesus to overcome this challenge. Jehovah and Jesus are behind us. Jesus promised us: “I am with you all the days, even to the end of the age.” (Matt. 28:20) In addition, angels help us in the preaching work.—Revelation 14:6, 7.

HOW TO GET TO THE DOME IN ONE NIGHT

9 The prophet Micah predicted another prophecy that would happen in our time, namely that there would be greater unity among God’s people. God’s spirit inspired Micah to prophesy that Jehovah would bring together men and women to live in unity. (Read Micah 2:12.) This prophecy is still true today. Despite their different origins and backgrounds, God’s people were united. They reflected on themselves as the prophet David did when he said: “Behold how it is and how it lives when brothers are united in unity!” —Ps. 133:1.

10 However, we are united in many ways. For example, no matter where we are, we all learn the same thing at meetings and conventions. All over the world, witnesses from different nations and denominations work together in churches and some in branch offices. We are all brothers and sisters. We don’t have to deal with traditions, income, and responsibilities, or worldliness. Consider this: Wherever we go, our beloved brothers and sisters are there to help us in spirit and in body. Never before in history have so many people from so many different nations and religions converged in thinking and practice.

11 Our relationships are surprisingly different from those of the world. There is no relationship between people in the world today. We see in the newspapers every day that people are fighting each other, rebelling against governments, being angry, and doing evil. This is not surprising, since the Bible predicts that people will be “evil-minded,... unruly, rebellious, self-conscious, arrogant, unloving of goodness, arrogant, deceitful, self-indulgent.” (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Even though “the whole world lies in the power of the evil one [and his demons]”, we continue to serve Jehovah as one family. (1 John 5:19; Revelation 12:9) This is also a true blessing!

12 What can we do to help strengthen unity in Jehovah’s organization? We can do what he wants us to do. What we learn from the Bible helps us to turn away from others, to give up ourselves, to give up ourselves to anger, and to be merciful to others. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) When we get caught up in a brother’s mischief, when we get caught up in a friend’s mischief, or when we give up on someone, we are not in danger of losing our unity.

8. How do we cope with the increasingly difficult situation?

9-10. How does Micah 2:12 apply today?

11. Why can we say that the unity that we have among ourselves is ours?

12. What can we do to promote unity among God’s people?

OCTOBER 2026 15

The people of God love one another and their neighbors from the heart.

(See note 14)

I am concerned about what Jehovah is doing in his organization today.

THE WORLD WITH OUR DOME IN OUR HAND

13 Jesus said that the sign of faithfulness was the love they had for one another. (Read John 13:35.) This love was evident among first-century Christians. For example, they shared their possessions with the needy. (Acts 2:44, 45) They helped those who were in need. (Acts 12:5) They gave to their neighbors and relatives. (James 1:27) And even though they were poor, they sent out servants to help other Christians. (2 Corinthians 8:1-4) The second-century writer Tertullian wrote about the early Christians: “They loved one another greatly... and they love each other even more than they love each other.”

14 God’s people today love one another as much as the first Christians did. We show love for others in our ministry, even those who are not Christians. Because we want to do this great work, we are happy. No one wants us to be hurt, nor does anyone ask us to be hurt. In addition, we show love by helping our brothers and sisters when they are in distress.* Not only do we help them physically, but we also comfort them and help them to have a good relationship with God. This was in keeping with the advice of the apostle Paul: “Consolate the sorrowful, help the weak, be kind to all men.” (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has brought us into a great family of brothers and sisters everywhere in the world, who love each other and their brothers and sisters from the heart.

15 The way God’s people love each other is a reminder that we live in a world of self-indulgence. The Apostle Paul predicted that in the future people would be “loving one another, loving one another, [especially] lovers of pleasure.”

* For example, see the article on jw.org entitled 2023 Relief Work—“We Find That Jehovah Loves Us.”

13. How did the early Christians show love for one another? (John 13:35)

14. How do God’s servants show love today? (See also the pictures.)

15. Why can we say that the love among Jehovah’s people is everlasting?

16

GOVERNMENT OF THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus predicted that people would become hostile to one another, and he also said that “most people will lose their love for one another.” (Matt. 24:10, 12) Do you not believe that these things are happening in the world today? It seems that it is from Jehovah that people love one another. But this is also happening today!

16 We show love for our brothers and sisters by being sincerely grateful for their good examples and by striving to live with them in peace. (Mark 9:50) When we show love for our brothers and sisters in our daily life, we show that we are true servants. When we show love for our brothers and sisters, we show that we are concerned about the work Jehovah is doing in the church today.

HOW TO GET OUT OF A BUSINESS IN THE WORLD OF BUSINESS

17 The peace, unity, and love that we experience in the congregation are proof that Jehovah is doing wonderful things for us at the same time. Although many people dislike us, we are growing in number. There are many problems among people, but we are one. And even though love for one another is increasing in this world, our love for God and our neighbors helps people recognize that we are true disciples of Christ. (John 13:34) As “workers of God’s love,” we are concerned that these things are happening in our day. —1 Cor. 3:9.

18 The way God’s people are increasingly united and loving one another in this small world is very inspiring. It’s also amazing! These things give us greater confidence that God will fulfill his promises about the future. (2 Pet. 3:13) Be more concerned about your role in what God is doing today.

16. How can we show love for one another?

17. What can convince you that Jehovah is doing miracles today?

18. How should the work Jehovah is doing today inspire us?

WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT THE SECOND WORLD WAR?

■ The way we are learning

■ Among us, there is a sense of solidarity

■ Love Between Us

HADZIDZI 154

Love That Doesn't Kill

DECEMBER 21-27, 2026

CHAPTER 135 Jehovah Loves You: “Vine, and Eat”

This story helps young people realize that if they have good friends, it will help them to become more faithful to Jehovah.

New Friends Help Us Be Stronger

“Where one is able to rule over one, two will be able to rule over him.”—HEBREWS 4:12.

We want to serve Jehovah faithfully. But this is not easy for us, because the world is trying to separate us from God. We need to be humble so that the world’s beliefs about friendship do not influence us. For example, some people in the world think that the number of friends they have is important, even if they do not have true friends. Many young people look to their parents for advice and comfort, because they think that they are the only ones who understand them. Other young people feel that they do not need new friends. But how do Jehovah and Jesus think about friendship?

2 Jehovah wants us to have good friends who will help us to serve him faithfully. Jesus likes these kinds of friends. Before Jesus died, he said to his faithful apostles: “You are those who have sustained me in my tribulations.” Jesus called them friends. (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) Good friends come to us not only when things are good, but also in “distress.” (Luke 17:17) Proverbs 4:9-12* shows that good friends strengthen us

* Although we often use this phrase to refer to marriage, it refers more specifically to friendship.

2. (a) What kind of people did Jesus befriend? (b) According to Proverbs 4:9-12, how do good friends benefit us?

18

(Read.) He cares about us and encourages us. These kinds of friends will help us ‘survive’ whatever challenges come our way. If you and your friends worship Jehovah together, they will help you do more for him, and your friendship will last forever.

3 How can good friends help young people to remain faithful to Jehovah? How can faithful parents and brothers be good friends to young people? Let’s look at the example of the prophet Daniel to see what helped him to remain faithful in difficult times. And let’s also look at how Daniel, the best friend of Jehovah, was supported when he was alone.

LET THE WORDS OF THE LORD BE WITH YOU THAT YOU SHALL SUBSCRIBE TO GOD

4 Daniel died at a time when God’s people were in a difficult situation. Most of the Israelites in Judah had turned away from worshiping God, so in 620 A.D., God sent Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, to conquer Judah. (Dan. 1:2) Daniel was in his early twenties at the time. A few years later, he was taken from imprisonment in Babylon, and then brought up to the king’s throne to take his place. (Dan. 1:3-6) As a result, Daniel came to a high place away from his home and family.

5 What did Daniel do to prepare for the hardships he faced in Babylon? The Bible tells us that Daniel “set it in his heart” to obey God’s laws. (Dan. 1:8) How did Daniel understand God’s laws? And who inspired him from his childhood to worship Jehovah? It was his parents. In fact, Daniel’s name means “God is my Judge.” He was given that name because his parents wanted him to serve Jehovah and obey his commandments.—Deuteronomy 6:6, 7.

6 The good example of Jeremiah’s prophecy also applies to Daniel. Why can we say this? Consider the following: Jehovah sent the prophet Jeremiah in A.D. 647, and he began his ministry before Daniel was killed. (Jer. 1:2) In fact, Jeremiah preached Jehovah’s word to the royal family and other witnesses, among whom Daniel’s family may have been. (Jer. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) We can safely say that Jeremiah and Daniel were not friends. However, Daniel may have known about Jeremiah’s prophecies from his youth, and even as an old man, he studied them. (Jer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) No doubt, Jeremiah's loyalty to Jehovah among the godly was an example for Daniel.

7 Daniel’s parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of the LORD helped him and encouraged him to remain faithful to the LORD.

8 Even today, parents can influence their children to do good. If you are a parent, ask yourself, 'Do I prepare my children for the future?

3. What will we study in this chapter?

4. What happened during Daniel’s early years?

5-6. Who helped Daniel choose to serve Jehovah?

7-8. How can parents and other faithful Christians help young people remain faithful to Jehovah?

OCTOBER 2026 19

How do they react when they’re asked to do things they don’t want to do? How do they react when they get caught up in school or on the Internet? Do they want to continue to be faithful to Jehovah in times of trouble?’ Continue to help your friends love Jehovah with all their hearts and souls. How can you do that? Tell them more about Jehovah, help them attend meetings, and work with them in the church. It’s especially helpful for young people to be surrounded by people who set good examples of faith and loyalty, as Jeremiah’s example helped Daniel.

LET THE WORLD KNOW THAT YOU ARE THE ONE WHO HAS BEEN KILLED

9 And when Daniel and the other young men of the Hebrews were brought in, there came upon them a great trouble, which they had not known from the time that they were brought in: for the Babylonians had told them that they should be as they were, and that they should serve in the king's house: but the trouble brought upon them a certain trouble of faith.

10 The first thing that came to their mind was that the king ordered Daniel and the other young men to eat the king’s meals, which were unclean according to the law of Moses. (Dan. 1:5, 8) The young men could eat the meals before they were prepared; they could say that they were unclean and that there was no abomination in them.

9. What happens to Daniel and the other Hebrew young men?

10. What was the first challenge faced by the Hebrews?

They don't want to do what they want. Or they say that if they eat these things, the king will be grateful to them or will not be with them. What do they do?

11 Among all the Hebrew young men who were sent to prison, only Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego were described by the Bible as faithful to Jehovah. These friends helped each other to eat the food of the king because of their loyalty to Jehovah. All of them decided not to eat the king’s food, thus violating Jehovah’s law. And Jehovah rebuked them for this.—Dan. 1:6-12, 17.

12 If you’re a teenager, do your friends sometimes urge you to do things that are wrong? Daniel and his friends helped each other to do so. Like them, make friends who are determined to be faithful to Jehovah and reject the practices of the world. (1 John 2:15-17) True friends will help you to be faithful even in “the smallest things,” and this will make you stronger before Jehovah. (Luke 16:10) And loyalty in difficult situations will help you to be faithful when worse things happen.

LET THE WORDS OF THE LORD BE WITH US AND THE WORDS OF THE LORD WILL BE WITH US

13 For true friends help one another in troubles. There was a trouble before Daniel and his companions, when king Nebuchadnezzar made a judgment against him; and the king sent and brought Daniel and his companions, that he might know the judgment which had been made against him.

11. What made Daniel choose good friends? (See also the picture below.)

12. What can help young people be faithful when they face difficulties?

13. What difficulties did Daniel and his friends face?

APPENDIX 20

Daniel and his companions were among the wise men who were sent to be put to death. During this difficult time, Daniel and his companions supported each other. Daniel and his companions were among the wise men who were sent to be put to death. Daniel and his companions were among the wise men who were sent to be put to death. During this difficult time, Daniel and his companions supported each other. Daniel and his companions were among the wise men who were sent to be put to death. During this difficult time, Daniel and his companions supported each other. Daniel and his companions were among the wise men who were sent to be put to death. Daniel and his companions were among the wise men who were sent to be put to death. During this difficult time, Daniel and his companions supported each other.

14 Daniel asked the king to give him time to get the judgment and explain it to him. So Daniel went to his friends. The scripture says: “And he asked them to pray to the God of the nations that he would have mercy on them because of this mystery, so that Daniel and his companions... would not be destroyed.” (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah answered their prayers and revealed the judgment and its interpretation to King Daniel. Therefore, Daniel and his friends were not killed, and the king placed them in his palace. —Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

14. How did the Hebrew men help each other? (See also the picture.)

15 This story teaches us three lessons. First, when you’re in trouble, don’t say you’re alone. Second, don’t be shy to ask for help. Third, ask others to pray for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Be sure these prayers work. Jehovah, the “Loving One,” will help you overcome any difficulty, no matter how difficult it is. (Ps. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) If we love those who serve him, they will strengthen us and help us cope with difficult situations. —Read Galatians 6:2.

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE

16 And when Daniel was ninety and five years old, the Medians and Persians took Babylon, and Daniel stood before the king Darius. 17 And when the king of the Medes and Persians had taken Babylon, Daniel stood before the king of the Medes and Persians, and the king of the Medes and Persians stood before the king of the Babylonians, and the king of the Babylonians stood before the king of the Medes and Persians, and the king of the Medes and Persians stood before the king of the Babylonians, and the king of the Babylonians stood before the king of the Medes and Persians, and the king of the Medes and Persians stood before the king of the Babylonians, and the king of the Babylonians stood before the king of the Babylonians.

15. What can we learn from the story of Daniel and his companions? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What severe hardship did Daniel experience in his servitude?

How did Daniel’s loved ones help him when he faced a difficult situation? (See paragraph 14.)

God Never Leaves His Loved Ones Behind (See paragraph 18)

Daniel, for his part, was ordered to be put to death. The king ordered that no one should pray to anyone except the king himself. Daniel did not obey this order, so he was placed in the prison. It seemed as if he had died alone, because there was no one to help him. But did he really die alone?—Dan. 6:4-16.

17 Daniel 6:19-23 describes Daniel’s extraordinary removal. (Read.) While Daniel was in the prison, Jehovah God, the most benevolent of all Gods, removed him from the prison. When the king came to the prison, Daniel said to the king: “My God has removed his devil from the prison,... for there is no fault in him.” (Dan. 6:22) Daniel’s total reliance on his greatest God strengthened him when his life was at risk.

18 Some circumstances may cause you to leave your friends and family

17. In the light of Daniel 6:19-23, how did Daniel’s friendship with Jehovah benefit him?

18. Why is it important to be Jehovah’s friends, and how can we do that? (See the pictures and the section “Jehovah My Father, My God, and My Friend.”)

Maybe you’ve been assigned to a mission in a remote area, or you’ve been forced to move to a new place, or you’ve been forced to live in a jungle, or you’ve been sent to jail. In these situations, you may feel like you’ve lost your way. If that happens, remember that God never leaves his loved ones behind. Wherever we are, Jehovah will look after us. (Ps. 139:7-10) So make sure that Jehovah’s eyes are on you and that he will take care of you.

OUR SOLUTIONS ARE AVAILABLE

19 It is important that we have good friendships right now. Why? Maybe because we are being warned that “Jehovah’s day” is approaching, and we are being encouraged and encouraged. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11.) When the apostle Peter said that “the end of all things is at hand,” he also said: “First of all, love one another earnestly.”—1 Pet. 4:7, 8.

20 Good friends are a gift from the Lord, and we need them now more than ever.

19. Why do we need good friends now? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

20. What kind of friends do you want to have, and how does having good friends benefit you?

APPENDIX 22

Therefore, like Daniel, build good friends. Find people in your community like Jeremiah who can encourage you and guide you. Find people who can help you continue to be faithful to Jehovah. Be willing to ask others to pray for you when you need them. Overall, remember that Jehovah is your greatest Friend. He will never abandon you. (Heb. 13:5) With Jehovah’s help, we and our friends will be able to overcome any challenges we face today, and our friendship will continue.

WHAT YOU CAN LEAR FROM THE STORY: Daniel and his friends helped each other to overcome adversity because of their loyalty to Jehovah.

Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend

If it’s hard for you to accept Jehovah as your Father or as someone to whom you can rely, what can you do? Try to do the following every day to build your relationship with Jehovah.

● Pray to Jehovah: Pray to Jehovah constantly; he wants you to tell him what you feel.

● Love Jehovah: To do this, keep reading the Bible and studying his characteristics and actions to get a better understanding of him.

● Remember: It takes time for two people to become close friends. Remember that Jehovah wants you to be close to him.

You can read more about this in the article “How to Become a Friend of God” on jw.org.

LET THE LORD BE WITH US...

■ When adversity comes to us?

■ When difficult problems come to us?

■ If we leave?

CHAPTER 161 Your Love Helps Me Learn

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

CHAPTER 162 My Spiritual Needs

This story encourages us to study the Bible every day and gives us advice on how to do so.

Keep the Bible in Your Hands

“They took the word to heart, and... they studied the Bible daily.”—Acts 17:11.

In 1905, the Jehovah’s Witnesses began publishing a book in Hebrew entitled A Day in the Life of the Faithful. In this book, doctrines and publications from the Zion’s Watch Tower were included on a daily basis so that the brothers could study them on a daily basis throughout the year. Jehovah’s Witnesses used this book every year until 1927. Later, the doctrines and publications were included in the Yearbook.* As a result, each year, the brothers had access to more doctrines and publications from the Watch Tower for reflection.

2 Since 1986, the organization has been publishing daily verses for the Bible Study Bible, which has been translated into more than 300 languages. In addition, you can find daily verses on the JW Library® website, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY™ (wol.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library if you know their meaning.

3 Forasmuch as there is no difference to any man at this time, it is necessary for some of us to dwell day by day in words,

* In the days when the Yearbook was not published, a daily summary of the articles and the locations of the publications was provided in the Gazetteer.

1-2. What does Jehovah’s organization do to help brothers and sisters study the Scriptures on a daily basis? What means do we have today to study the Scriptures on a daily basis? 3. What can help us study the Scriptures on a daily basis, and what will we study in this article?

24

In this article, we’ll look at three important questions. What examples from the Bible encourage us to study the Bible every day? Why should we do so? And how can we do it?

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE BEROIATES

4 The biblical text from which this story is drawn shows us the positive attitude that some Jews in Beroea showed when Paul preached to them. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Bible says that the Beroeans “relented.” They didn’t look at Paul with the intention of being challenged, but “received the word with a heart.” They used the words that Paul spoke to them to confirm the truth of what they were seeking. We do the same when we are with sisters in church or at a meeting. We also read the Bible after the sermons when we need to. This gives us the assurance that what we want is true.

5 The Beroeans, “many of whom were poor, became believers.” (Acts 17:12) But there was a problem. Some Jews from Thessalonica came to Beroea to “incite the people to believe” in Paul’s teachings. (Acts 17:13) However, these new Christians were not discouraged. Their daily study of the Bible confirmed their awareness of the truth, and it certainly helped them to be faithful. Just as daily study of God’s Word helps us to cope with life’s challenges, so does daily study of God’s Word help us to cope with life’s challenges.

4. What reaction did the Beroeans have when Paul preached to them? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did daily study of the Bible benefit the Beroeans?

Bible Examples Show That Jehovah Wants Us to Serve Him Every Day

• The Mosaic Law required priests to offer daily sacrifices.—Exodus 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the Law and meditate on it “day and night.”—Joshua 1:8, ESV.

• Jehovah allowed the kings of Israel to write down the Law for themselves and to read it daily.—Deuteronomy 17:18-20.

• Haggai encourages us to enjoy God’s law and to read it “day and night.”—Ps. 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed three times a day.—Dan. 6:10.

• In the book of Revelation, the Great One is described as worshipping God “day and night.”—Revelation 7:15.

WHY DO WE HAVE TO GET OUT OF OUR HOUSES AND GO TO THE WORLD?

6 We study the Bible every day because it keeps our minds focused on Jehovah and how we worship him. Because Jehovah is our God, it is natural for us to want to worship him every day. He loves us and wants us to have eternal life. (John 3:16) There are many examples in the Bible that show that he is pleased when we worship him every day.

6. Why should we study the Bible on a daily basis? (See the section “Bible Examples That Show That Jehovah Wants Us to Worship Him Every Day.”)

OCTOBER 2026 25

The daily study of the Bible also gave them the opportunity to pray, read and meditate on the Bible.

7 We study the Bible every day because it helps us to make the most of our time. (Read Ephesians 5:15, 16.) Think about this: Isn’t it a great way to make the most of our time to spend a few minutes studying the way our loving Father, Jehovah, handles things?

8 We study the Bible on a daily basis because we find ourselves struggling with everyday problems. Jesus said, “Everyday troubles come to him.” (Matt. 6:34) As Jesus said, we struggle with everyday problems. But Jesus also assured us that God knows our situations and needs. (Matt. 6:25-32) Studying the Bible helps us to focus on the help that God provides instead of our own problems. (Ps. 68:19; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7) For example, a sister who was very angry because she had committed a sin that made her feel that God did not forgive her, prayed to Jehovah to help her to forgive herself. She read the day’s verse, Psalm 86:5, which says: “O Jehovah, you are gracious, and you delight in gifts; your love is upon all who surround you.” The sister said: “My heart was overwhelmed, and I thanked Jehovah for helping me at the very time we needed it. What happened that morning made me decide not to spend time in the day’s verse every day.”

7-8. What other reasons do we need to study the Bible daily? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

9 Often, daily scriptures remind us to “rely on Jehovah” when difficulties come our way. (Luke 3:5, 6) For example, on the day the war between Russia and Ukraine began, the daily scripture was Isaiah 30:15, which says: “You will find strength when you give up yourselves and rely on me.” This scripture was of great help to brothers in Ukraine. For example, a brother named Eduard said: “The scriptures are of great help to us. My wife and I read them every day. And when we finished praying, it strengthened us so that we couldn’t despair.” Sister Svitlana also said: “Isaiah 30:15 became very important to us. When things got bad in our neighborhood, we kept our eyes on that verse and meditated on it.”

10 We study the Bible on a daily basis because we are determined to do so. We need to have the courage to speak to school and work leaders, to share the Bible with others, and to be alert when we are attacked. Because Jehovah wanted Joshua to lead the people of Israel, he told him for three days to take courage and go. To help Joshua do this, Jehovah told him to read the Book every day. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) Studying the Bible on a daily basis and reading the Bible every day will help us to have the courage to continue to do so.

9. How has one-day prayer helped our fellow Christians in Ukraine?

10. Why do we need to have compassion, and what can we do to have more compassion? (Joshua 1:6-9) (See also the pictures.)

26 ANNEX

Daily study of the Bible will give us strength and encouragement (see section 10).

11 We study the Bible on a daily basis because we are concerned about our progress in the service of Jehovah. As a young man, Timothy was instructed by Paul to set a good example in parenting, conduct, love, faith, and good manners, and to grow in these things. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) By studying the Bible on a daily basis, we have the opportunity to reflect on what we can do to make progress in the service of Jehovah. This will help us to be guided by his spirit, and we will be able to do things like he does, and always do things that please him.—Rom. 8:5, 6.

12 We study the Bible daily to prepare ourselves for future responsibilities. We need young brothers and sisters who are strong in faith to help with many of the growing tasks in Jehovah’s organization. For example, we need missionaries and evangelists, Bethel brothers and sisters who are interpreters, and brothers who are helping elders. We need young men who are willing to become ministers, preachers, and elders. (Deuteronomy 1:13-15) Having a scheduled daily Bible study will help you understand the principles of the Bible and prepare you for your future responsibilities.

HOW CAN YOU BE SURPRISED TO KNOW THAT YOU HAVE A SON?

13 How can you study the verses of each day? Bethel congregations around the world memorize a short verse and then study the verses of the day to begin the day. You can also begin your study of the Bible with a short prayer to Jehovah to help you understand it.

11. How can daily study of the Bible help us grow in our worship of Jehovah?

12. What roles do young people need to play in the organization, and what can we do to prevent ourselves from doing them?

13. How can you focus on a phrase each day?

OCTOBER 2026 27

What will help you focus on your thoughts when you study the Bible every day? (See section 18.)

(James 1:5) Then read the verse and the commentary on it. Then ask yourself these questions: ‘How can this verse strengthen my faith? What does it say about Jehovah that I should look more closely at him? How can it help me deal with the problems I may face today?’ If you and your family or friends are studying the verse each day, you may want to draw on it and share it with each other. (Rom. 1:12) Some brothers and sisters take a piece of the text they are studying with them so that it is easier for them to reflect on it throughout the day.

14 What else can you do to make your daily study of the Bible more productive? You can try some of the following: (1) Browse and meditate on the key words in the supplementary edition of the Watchtower. (2) Read the short chapters in the supplementary edition. (3) Read the entire Bible chapter from which the supplementary edition of the Bible is taken. (4) Read the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (5) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (6) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (7) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (8) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (9) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (10) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (11) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (12) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (13) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (14) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (15) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (16) Read the supplementary chapters in the Bible Study Guide for

If you have the time, you can find the result by looking at the column on the left side of the table.*

15 Sister Mackenzie, aged 19, describes her Bible study as follows: “If I don’t take a minute, maybe five minutes, to read the verses and reflect on the passages, I can’t easily concentrate on what I’m studying.”

16 When should you study the Bible? Make sure you have the time to do so. For example, some people study the Bible before or after lunch, and some before they take their children to school. They don’t study the Bible on the table or in front of their eyes so that they don’t forget it. However, if a situation becomes too stressful, you need to make sure that you do it at the right time of the day.

17 We want you to dedicate a specific time to the following:

* The index lists the place where the Bible edition was published, the year in which it was published, and the year and month in which the text was extracted.

16. Why should you devote yourselves to prayer every day?

17-18. Why is it important to set aside time for Bible study, and what will help you to do so on a daily basis? (See also the pictures.)

14-15. What else can we do, and what will help us keep our minds focused on this day?

28 CONCLUSIONS

Brother John, 16, says: “If you don’t put studying the Bible first, it’s going to come down on you.” Sister Sierra, 25, says: “The first thing I do when I decide to study the Bible is before the decisions of the day begin.” Brother Rogelio, 21, says: “I turn to my heart to remind me to do it every day.”

18 Organize your daily Bible study, and try to do it at the scheduled time. Write down your thoughts. Sister Isabelle, 19, says: “Make sure you don’t do anything else or look at your phone until you’re studying the Bible. If you notice that you’re thinking about something else while you’re studying the Bible, use the book to do that before you start studying your own.” Sister Olivia, 19, also says: “It helps me to have a daily Bible study with my family or friends. If there's someone who reminds you of what you and I did together, it's easier to keep doing it every day."

KPE DÉ VIWÒO WOU WOU ADZRO NGỌỌLỌWỌ GBE SIA GBE

19 Parents, if you make sure your family spends time studying the Bible every day, it will be easier for your children to follow your example when they grow up. Even if your children are tired and unable to concentrate on a single day, the way you study each day will have a positive impact on their future. Just as young trees grow into large trees when they are fed by the wind, so your children will grow spiritually when you spend a few minutes studying the Bible with them every day. —Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said, “Not by bread alone shall a man live, but by every word that proceeds from the Lord.” (Matt. 4:4) We don’t want to miss a day of eating. But how important it is to miss a day of studying the Bible, because it is the spiritual food that feeds our lives!

19. Why is it important for parents to encourage their children to study the Bible daily? Follow his example. (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20. How important is spiritual nourishment?

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ Why should we study the theme of the day every day?

■ How can we make studying the Bible work for us?

■ What advice from this article will help you study the Bible on a daily basis?

HADZIDZI 94

Follow the Word of God

Take Your Knowledge to the Next Level

(Eph. 4:4-6) Does the love among Jehovah’s servants inspire you to join them? Or does their way of living inspire you? Many people feel like they want to join God’s servants because they feel they are loved and cared for by them. This is not surprising, since love and good living are characteristics of true Christians.—John 13:35; 1 Peter 2:12.

What if a brother or sister is rude to you or does something wrong to you? Or does a brother or sister do something bad that is offensive, like the man in the Corinthian church did? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you are convinced of the truth only by what people say and do, your faith is not strong enough. What should you do to strengthen your faith?

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT NATU WÒ XƆSE ÐO

Your faith will be strengthened by applying the truths you learn from the Bible. How will that help you? Consider this example.

One day, many of Jesus’ disciples turned away from him. Jesus’ statement that they would eat his flesh and drink his blood shocked them so much that they decided not to follow him. They said: “How difficult is this thing.”—John 6:56-60, 66.

After that, Jesus asked his apostles: “Do you also want to go?” Peter answered: “Lord, to whom shall we go? You have eternal words, and we have heard you, and we have believed that you are the Son of God.”—John 6:67-69.

Why did Jesus’ words not impress Peter and the other apostles? It seemed that they believed in something that was already there, not something that someone had said. Peter said, “We have heard him, and we have come to believe that you are the Son of God.” These believers knew their belief and the reasons for their belief. By comparing Jesus’ actions and words with what they had learned from the Bible, they were fully convinced that Jesus was the Messiah. By accepting this important truth, they grew in faith, and that made Jesus’ words not as impressive as they were for others.

What can we learn from this story? If we know the truth of the Bible, we won’t give up our worship of Jehovah even if a brother or sister gets angry at us. Why? The truth of the Bible, such as God’s name, purpose, and destiny, will never change. People’s words or actions may influence us, but they can’t change the truth of the Bible in any way. Therefore, if we accept the Bible’s teachings and live according to them, we’ll never lose our faith.

30 APPENDIX

Even though Jehovah’s organization teaches us the truth, no one’s actions can distract us from worshiping God.

It is true that we are encouraged by the love and kindness that we receive from our brothers and sisters. But even when we are offended by the behavior of a brother or sister, we should continue to focus on what we learn from the Bible. This will not only help us maintain our faith, but it will also help us to make sure that we are in the best possible state, not in the worst one.

As we read and study the Bible, we will become more aware of the truth in God’s Word, and we will be more sure that we are worshipping God in the best possible way. All of this will help us to maintain our faith, regardless of what someone says or does.—Ps. 16:8; see the section entitled “Who Was the God of Abraham?”

If only the words and deeds of others convince you that something is true, your faith is not strong.

Yi Edzi Nànɔ Agbemɔa Dzi

Let's say you're driving a car and you're going from one place to another. Various things will make this trip more enjoyable, especially when you're thinking about visiting a beautiful place.

But when you’re in the boat, some people are screaming or even the boatman isn’t doing his job properly. That can make you very upset. But this boat will take you wherever you are. So be happy.

In this way, we are all on our way to God’s new world. And we are happy to be in his organization. But sometimes, the behavior of our brothers and sisters, or one of those whom we trust, may cause us to feel bad. But no matter what someone does, this organization will lead us to God’s new world. So when we accept the truth of the Bible and obey the organization that teaches us these truths, our faith will grow and we will continue to live in this world.

OCTOBER 2026

31

HOW TO FOLLOW GOD'S RULES

October 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 11 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

1926—A Year in the Life of Jesus | 2

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati Hena December 7-13 | 6 Days of the Week

Bible Study December 14-20 | 12 Things Jehovah Does for His People

Nusɔsrɔ̃ Hena December 21-27 | 18 Xɔ̃lɔ̃ nusiwo Help Us to Be Happy

Bible Study December 28–January 3 | 24 Watch the Bible Watch the Bible

30. How Did You Know That You Were the Sixth One? | 30

NOTES

Jehovah Helps Us When We Show Him Wisdom

A sister named Emma, who worked for a stranger for three days a week in the camp, asked her manager to give her a day off so she could attend a large gathering. The manager refused, saying that she would have to work for five days in the camp from that morning onwards, and told her that if she didn’t want to, she would have to quit. Emma believed that Jehovah was with her, so she decided to quit her job so she could attend the gathering.

Emma wrote a letter to the director of the ministry. After she sent the letter to the director, she went to the office of the ministry. The director heard about the situation, and promised Emma to do something about it. However, two weeks later, the director called Emma back to work. Surprisingly, Emma went back to the office of the ministry. The director was upset with how the director had treated Emma. The director listened to her and arranged for Emma to work five hours a day for five days in the week. This new position made Emma even happier, because it gave her more time for ministry! God saw his needs even as he expected them.

We don’t want you to download this book. It’s part of a worldwide Bible charity funded by volunteers. If you’d like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

The verses we quote in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, but we have given them a different focus.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the jw.org database, or scan this code on your device

JW.ORG

w26.10-EW