AUGUST 2026

THE NEW WORLD TRIBUTE TO GOD

ADESUA NSƐM: OCTOBER 5–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

DWOM 55 Munnsuro Wɔn!

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

Let Satan tell you that you can't take your life away from Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

2

Don’t Believe Satan—Be Faithful to Jehovah and Jesus

“The Lord is with you, and he will be with you.”—JACK 4:7.

If we choose to obey Jehovah, Satan and his evil followers will focus their attention on us. Satan knows that if we disobey Jehovah, he will never be able to control us. He therefore tries to influence us to obey Jehovah. One way he does this is by making us feel that our words are in favour of Jehovah and his Son, Jesus.—2 Cor. 11:14; James 1:6.

2 If soldiers are to be victorious in battle, they must have the faith of those who are entrusted to them, and keep their promises. If they have the faith of those who are entrusted to them, they will do what they want to do, and that may lead to their salvation. We, too, are soldiers on the battlefield. We think that we are “unconquerable enemies” who will be defeated. (Eph. 6:12) Satan thinks that if our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ decreases, we may want to overcome them and break their promises. So he does everything he can to make our faith in them work. In the past, Satan tried to deceive people who believed in Jehovah and Jesus, and he is still doing so today. In this chapter, we’ll look at how he does this. Then, we’ll look at what we can do to stop Satan from deceiving us. In the next chapter, we’ll look at what we can do to stop Satan from deceiving us.

1. How does Satan try to get us to love Jehovah?

2. Why is it important for us to grow in faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

the two ways Satan tries to make us love Jehovah.*

Satan's Attempt to Deceive God and Jesus

3 When Jehovah created Adam and Eve, Satan eventually instilled in them the desire to turn them away from Jehovah. Satan persuaded Eve to believe that his words were against Jehovah, who had created her. Satan asked Eve: “Is it necessary that God should say that you are superior to any of the creatures on this earth?” (Gen. 3:1-5) Satan led Eve to believe that Jehovah had many things in mind for her and her spouse. In fact, both Eve and Adam followed Satan, who was God’s servant. Everything they did, Jehovah allowed them to do, but they did not.—Gen. 3:6.

4 Since the time of Adam and Eve, Satan has been trying to deceive Jehovah. For example, Satan directed Job’s friends to deceive Jehovah. This led Job to believe that he was deceiving Jehovah, and that all the ways in which he loved Jehovah in his heart were right. (Job 22:1-3) It seemed to God that if he made Job believe that he would love Jehovah, he would be able to do so. Although Satan was very angry with Job, Job’s anger grew, and his desire to deceive Jehovah grew stronger.—Job 27:1, 5.

* Yes, it is not Satan who brings all the hardships we face. It is the “spirit of wickedness” that encourages people to stand up against Jehovah’s servants that brings them about. So whether we are facing a hardship, or whether we are being disliked because of Jehovah’s will, we can show that we are under the rule of Satan.—1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

3. What did Satan do that destroyed Eve’s faith in Jehovah?

4. What did Satan want Job to do?

5 When Jesus came to earth, Satan tried to get people to follow him. One way he did this was to get the scribes and Pharisees who had been following Jesus to tell false stories about him. In the end, they condemned him as a liar. —Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus’ death, Satan addressed his words to his followers. First, he did not want people to believe that Jesus was rising from the dead, so he persuaded people to believe that it was Jesus’ disciples who were believing him. (Matt. 28:11-15) After that, Satan made the elders focus their attention on the leaders of the church so that they could beat them. Satan’s plan was to make the leaders of the church think that the work Jesus had entrusted to them was a waste of time, so that they would not do it.—Revelation 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

7 Although some of the early Christians were told to go and preach the gospel, the majority of them did not. The elders believed that Satan and his associates were behind them. (Prov. 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) What does Satan want us to do to make us love Jehovah?

Satan’s Plan to Deceive God and Jesus

8 Now, one particular way Satan uses to deceive people is to hide the truth

5. How did Satan try to get people to follow Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. How did Satan draw his attention to Jesus’ disciples?

8. How did Satan use the law to make false claims about Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST 2026

3

Satan's world has put so many things in our way to make us believe that there is no way to obey God's commandments.

(See paragraph 11)

(John 8:44) For example, Satan influences people’s minds so that they lose sight of the relationship between Jehovah and Jesus. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some Christian priests teach that both the Father and the Son are true. Therefore, people come to the Father and worship the Son. Both Jehovah and Jesus are faithful to such a worship. (Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) Those who follow such teachings may find it helpful to reflect on the truth with you, and even more so to take up the ministry.

9 If we want to call someone a man, the first thing we must do is ask him for his name. Jehovah wants people to call him a man, but Satan doesn’t want people to use his name and call him a man. That is why Satan has always tried to abuse God’s name. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) God’s name, which the Bible says is a patronymic, has been taken out of many Bible texts by Satan. (Proverbs 18:10) One of the things that the Book of Mormon teaches us is that people around the world believe that God is the God of the Bible.

9. How did Satan use laws to persuade people to follow Jehovah? —Jeremiah 23:26, 27.

4 SEPTEMBER

(James 4:8) Satan also wants to deceive the faith of Jehovah’s servants in the world today.

10 When we face a challenge or challenge, Satan wants us to think that Jehovah is watching us. What Satan wants is for us to lose faith in him and to hate him. (Proverbs 19:3) If we hate Jehovah, we might say: ‘If I hate Jehovah, what is the point of me observing his laws and regulations?’ If we think that way, we are giving in to Satan’s temptation.

11 Satan uses the media to make us believe that disobeying Jehovah’s laws leads to self-righteousness. One of the things that is said in the media is that we should follow the Bible and not let anyone tell us what to do. In fact, “the things that are out of the world” make it very easy for people to become ignorant of God and of the consequences of evil.—John 14:30; Isaiah 5:20; 1 Timothy 4:1, 2.

12 If we ignore such things, it can destroy our relationship with Jehovah. A sister named Shannon says: “I wasn’t long before I realized that the things I was seeing in school and the people I was spending time with were destroying my mind. Then I began to think about what Jehovah liked. Everywhere I went, I saw the media, so I knew what was going on, and I wanted to do something about it. In the end, my heart fell down on me, and I took my heart away from Jehovah, my enemies, and my fellow Christians.” Unfortunately, Shannon’s anger was overcome by Satan’s wrath and she returned to her Father. What helped her?

13 Shannon knew that she needed to devote more time and energy to Jehovah and Jesus. She says: “I prayed to Jehovah that he would help me find real friends, and I did some research in the church newspapers. The video we made called Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends? inspired me greatly.* The elder in the video was a friend of mine, and I met him. What helped me was that he asked his parents for help, and I did the same. My parents, the elders in the congregation, and the brothers with whom I lived in the congregation inspired me. So I began to feel guilty and angry. I realized that if I didn’t believe in the truth, it didn’t mean that I wasn’t going to do what my parents wanted me to do. Instead, I had to put myself to the test and give what I believed in to Jehovah.”

KNOW HOW GOD AND JESUS LOVE YOU

14 If we want to get closer to Jehovah, we need to wear good clothing. (James 4:4) Then

10. What can make a Christian love Jehovah?

11. What does Satan do to make us think that Jehovah’s commandments are for our benefit? (See also the footnote.)

12. Why should we not listen to Satan’s lies?

* For more information that can help parents and grandparents, go to jw.org, and look at the section You Are God’s Son. You can find it here: Parents and Grandparents. On the JW Library® app, look at the section Questions Young People Ask. Then, look at “Father Asks,” and look at the section You Are God’s Son.

13. What do you learn from Shannon’s story?

14. What do we do when Satan tempts our faith? (See also chapter 11.)

AUGUST 2026 | 5

FREE BIBLE COURSE

(See paragraph 13.) Considering things that will help us become more loyal to Jehovah can help us resist Satan’s falsehoods. (See paragraph 14.)

For example, sometimes we may read or listen to something that is completely untrue. At other times, it may contain a false statement of fact. When we consider such things, we may be tempted to believe falsehoods. Although when we study the Bible and church newspapers carefully, and when we talk to our brothers and sisters, we may be tempted to believe falsehoods. If we care about what the Bible teaches, we may be tempted by Satan to deceive or mislead our faith.—Proverbs 13:20; Revelation 17:11.

15 If we spend time studying the Bible, it will help us understand that Jehovah and Jesus love us, and it will strengthen our faith. (Proverbs 22:19) If we reflect on the Bible’s accounts of how Jehovah and Jesus love people, it will help us understand that Jehovah and Jesus love us more than we do ourselves. There are many examples in the Bible that show that Jehovah and Jesus love us. For example, Jehovah says that his love for his people is greater than the affection a woman has for her son. (Isaiah 49:15) Moreover, everyone who bears the name of Jehovah—

15. What will help us to be sure that Jehovah and Jesus love us?

6 SEPTEMBER

(Mal. 3:16, 17, reference) Like Jesus, the Bible shows us that he loved us so much that he gave his life for us.—John 15:12, 13.

16 If we reflect on what Jehovah and Jesus do for us, we will be more convinced that they love us. At some point, you may be faced with a challenge. If you think about how Jehovah has treated you, you may find it hard to believe that he will leave you. At that point, we can ask our brothers and sisters to tell us about how Jehovah has helped them. (Proverbs 22:17) If we do so, we will be more convinced that, even if it were not true, Jehovah and Jesus will be with us. —Read Psalm 118:5, 6.

17 But let every one of us be willing to fall away from the Lord God and Jesus Christ,

16. How will it help us to reflect on what Jehovah has done for us, or to reflect on what he has done for others? —Proverbs 118:5, 6.

17. What assurance does Jesus give us in John 10:29 that we will never forsake Jehovah and Jesus?

(Deuteronomy 20:1-3, 10) If we are able to stand up to Satan and his enemies, we should take care of ourselves in our relationship with God. In doing so, we should be careful not to lose sight of God and his Son, Jesus Christ. If we do so, we will learn that Jesus said that “no one can take us from the Father’s hand.” —Read John 10:29; James 4:7.

18 There are also two other ways in which Satan attempts to make us dislike Jehovah. First, he wants to create discord between us and our fellow Christians, and second, he wants to make us look down on ourselves. In this article, we will look at how we can resist these two ways of Satan.

18. What should be considered in the presentation?

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ What falsehoods did Satan tell the elders about Jehovah and Jesus?

■ What lies does Satan tell us about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ Why do you feel so strongly about your love for Jehovah and Jesus?

DWOM 150 Hwehwɛ Nzapa na Nya Nkwa

OCTOBER 12-18, 2026

DWOM 129 Yebegyina Mu Pintinn

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

We must always remember that it is those who are in need of our help, not our fellow Christians, and that we should not let ourselves be discouraged from the work of preaching when others are in need of our help.

Wubetumi Adi Nkonim!

“It is not our blood and our flesh that is the inheritance, but our... evil deeds.”—EPHESIANS 6:12.

(Isaiah 2:4; John 18:36) However, the Bible says that if there is a god, it is the one who is in our hearts and not our minds, and that is the one we should worship. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) However, these men are far more powerful than we are. How can we overcome them? One of the most helpful things we can do is to focus on Jehovah. Second, we need to understand the tricks Satan and his followers use to destroy our faith.

2 In the previous chapter, we learned about Satan’s attempts to undermine our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this chapter, we will consider two of his attacks. First, he wants to destroy the peace and unity that exist between us and our fellow Christians. Second, he wants opium-smokers to attack us so that they can distract us from our ministry or try to disrupt our ministry.

HOW DOES SATAN TAKE OUR NAME AWAY FROM HIMSELF?

3 For Satan seeks to stand between us and the brethren, that he may cause us to fall away from him. What does he do? He wants us to follow the ways of the world; for there are many in the world who are wicked.

1. What should each of us be careful of? (Ephesians 6:11, 12)

2. What will we consider in this chapter?

3. How does Satan want to interfere with us?

8

And Jonathan did as his father Saul had done to the LORD, and his heart was turned toward David. But Jonathan followed David.

(See paragraphs 4, 6)

Satan is the one who wants us to be like him; he wants us to be inferior to our brothers and sisters and to Jehovah’s church, and he wants us to look down on ourselves.—Rom. 16:17.

(1 Sam. 18:5) When Saul saw that the nations were turning against David, he took David out of the dungeon and made himself his servant. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) If Saul had been tempted by David, Satan would have been angry. Why? Jehovah had told Samuel to tell David that he would be the king of Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) So if David wanted to become king, it would have been Satan. When Saul was afraid to kill David because of his ignorance, look at how Satan seems to be angry.

5 Satan thinks that because of our unity, Jehovah gives us and blesses us. (Deut. 133:1) Satan wants to destroy us, so he wants us to be like Saul and David. Satan thinks that if we were like Saul and David, we would be more likely to love our brothers and sisters. (Mark 12:30, 31) Do you think that if we do that, we will be worthy of Jehovah’s love?

6 If we do not care about ourselves, our neighbors will not care about us.

4. Why did King Saul turn his heart toward David? (See also the psalm.)

5. Why does God want us to be greater than our brothers and sisters? (James 3:14-16)

6. What can you learn from Jonathan’s example? (See also the footnote.)

AUGUST 2026 9

For example, Jonathan, Saul’s son, was not like his father, Saul, who was interested in David. Jonathan was so excited that whatever Jehovah had said about David would come true, that he told David, “You shall be king over Israel.” Jonathan was so excited that he believed that it was Jehovah who had chosen David to be the king of Israel, and he followed him.—1 Samuel 23:16, 17.

7 Our brothers and sisters in the congregation are different from each other in their backgrounds, families, and lives, and Satan wants to undermine our unity. What can we do to help him do what he hopes to do? We should take care of any issues that arise between us and our brothers and sisters and resolve them quickly. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Also, make sure that you have a great love for your brothers and sisters, and that you have a deep understanding of them. Although we are different from each other in our backgrounds, each of us has our own strengths and weaknesses. (1 Cor. 12:12.) Our brothers and sisters are all on the same path that leads to victory over Satan and his enemies.—1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 If your Christian brother or sister says something or does something that gives you something, tell him or her that you are guilty too. Because we go to church with our brothers and sisters, and because we do our own things, it’s not a good thing to be hurt. (Proverbs 7:20) If that happens, we should apply the Bible’s principle of “going out and loving our brothers and sisters.” And if someone gives you something, we should not hesitate to repay it. (Colossians 3:12-14) Jehovah and Jesus want us to love our brothers and sisters and to be kind to them.—John 17:20, 21.

HOW SATAN'S AFFORDERS ATTACKED THE WORLD

(2 Tim. 3:12) If people are against us, then they are. If we do, we may spend a lot of time looking for justice, or we may want to obey the law and the rulers. If we do so, we will find that the work of evangelism that Jehovah has entrusted to us is not going well.—Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Let’s look at what Isaac, Abraham’s son, did. Isaac became a warrior, and the Philistines were afraid of him. Therefore, the bush that his father Abraham’s neck had tucked into, the Philistines took over all of it. (Gen. 26:12-18) Isaac needed water for his brothers and neighbors. So Isaac went out and dug a hole in the bush. There, too, the Philistines said that the bone was theirs. They saw Isaac’s neck so thick that he couldn’t get his head out. Isaac thought about the bushes of the Philistines and their warriors. In fact, he did what would bring peace. He went out to the bush, and the LORD blessed him there. (Gen. 26:17-19) 26:19-25) We, as people and as ourselves, can follow Isaac’s example and take a step back, and have a better future.

7. What can we do to destroy the rivalry that exists between us? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. What should we do if our fellow Christians say or do something that offends us?

9. How does Satan try to deceive us?

10. When the Philistines attacked Isaac, what did he do?

10 SEPTEMBER

#WE WANT CHANGE

STOP

CHANO

SERVE THE PEOP

Strive to rise above all else, and follow the Kingdom of God

(See paragraph 13)

11 When Jesus, the promised Messiah, came to the earth, he and his followers were also in trouble. For example, the members of Jesus’ family spoke out against him. (Mark 3:21) Every day, the elders and the Pharisees questioned his ability to teach, even saying that the power he used to do his work came from above. (Luke 11:15, 16) One of his apostles was also in trouble. (Matthew 26:14-16) The chief priests, the elders, and the Pharisees spoke out against Jesus. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) But every one of Jesus’ disciples was committed to Jehovah’s cause. Moreover, he did everything he could to help his disciples. When they were about to put Jesus on the cross, the apostle Peter thought that he would be able to overcome him. So he took the high priest’s cross. Jesus, who felt sorry for Peter’s action, gave him the cross. (Luke 22:50, 51) After all this, Jesus lost interest in the work that Jehovah had entrusted to him, and he began to think of making his disciple a godly man.

12 Also, we are faced with a threat that can undermine our ministry. Satan wants to disrupt our ministry. Our church relatives and brothers and sisters may also be angry with us or dislike us. But Jesus taught us that even those who dislike us should be loved. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) That is, if people are angry with us or dislike our ministry, we should not do anything to hurt them. Instead, we should put Jesus’ example into practice, do what everyone else does, be kind to them, and show them respect.—1 Cor. 13:4.

11. What did Jesus do when he was confronted by people?

12. As Matthew 5:43, 44 tells us, what should we do when people rise up against us or deceive us?

AUGUST 2026 11

If we cultivate love and unity among our fellow Christians, we will be able to overcome the enemy (See paragraph 16)

(Rom. 13:1, 2) If someone imposes a law on us that we don’t want to obey or that makes it seem like we don’t want to obey Jehovah as we would like, we should give them a reason to do so. Why? The Bible says we should. (Rom. 13:1, 2) If someone imposes a law that we don’t want to obey, it may be that Satan is following it. He wants us to go against that law, or to go against other elders and rebel against them. People in the world take it for granted when others do not obey a law. As Christians, we don’t want to do that! (Prov. 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 24:21, 22; Proverbs 8:2, 3) If we rise above others and put our trust in God’s Kingdom, we will be out of Satan’s grip.—John 15:19.

(1 Tim. 1:12, 13) Therefore, if “people deceive us, deceive our hearts, and impose rules on us,” let us say that tomorrow they may deceive Jehovah. (Matt. 5:11) Let us pray that those who deceive us will make it possible for us to deceive Jehovah in peace. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Pray also for those who deceive you—your parents, your employers, and your classmates. Give your heart to Jehovah, and know what you can do to help them deceive us. A young man who had been with his wife for many years but later became a Jehovah’s Witness said: “You have to have many friends, because you have friends who help you.”

13. If others are rising up against us, why do we have to go up against them? (See also Proverbs.)

14. What should we say when people stand up against Jehovah’s servants?

12 SEPTEMBER

15 If we think that we can deal with all the troubles of the world by ourselves, we may waste a lot of our time and energy. (Proverbs 1:15) Indeed, Jehovah knows all that we are trying to do, and soon his Kingdom will take over the place where Satan and his followers have taken over the world. (Deuteronomy 37:18; 1 John 3:8; Revelation 21:5) When that time comes, we must be willing to show that we love our fellow human beings. We must devote our time and energy to helping as many people as we can learn about Jehovah and love him.

YEBETUMI ADI NKONIM!

16 The Bible gives us assurance that we can defeat the enemy. (James 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) What will help us? The Bible says that we must have great faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (Eph. 6:16) So keep your faith strong, and it will help you to love your brothers and sisters and to be one with them.

17 Satan will use many tricks to get us into conflict with our brothers and sisters, but we shouldn’t let him get us into trouble. Jehovah and Jesus tell us that if we go into conflict with them, they will turn their backs on us. All of our brothers and sisters are on the same path that we’re going to follow as our Lord and Savior. As for those who come into conflict with us, we should do everything we can to make Jesus’ example work and to do what we want them to do. (Luke 6:27, 28) Therefore, fight Satan, and be confident that you can defeat his wickedness.

15. Why shouldn’t we think that we can solve the many problems in the world?

16. What will help us to be able to overcome the oppressor? (See also chapter 11.)

17. What should obedience lead us to do?

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ How does Satan try to destroy the peace and unity between us and our fellow Christians?

■ How does Satan try to deceive us so that we stop preaching the Kingdom?

■ What makes you believe that you can defeat Satan and his evil forces?

DWOM 149

Nkonimdi Dwom

OCTOBER 19-25, 2026

DWOM 106 Momma Yennya Ɔdɔ

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

We learn something from the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus, and it helps us to know how to have peace in the church.

'Mede Ɔdɔ Na Ɛresrɛ Wo'

“I love you, and I will love you.”—PHILOSOPHY 9.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) Although Jehovah wants us to have that peace, it is important for us to be careful not to let anything break that peace. (Rom. 12:18) When should we help our brothers and sisters to have peace in the church? If we hate someone, or someone hates us, what should we do to help our brothers and sisters have peace with us? The apostle Paul wrote a letter to Philemon about Onesimus, and that letter will help us answer these questions.

PAUL ADESRƐ NO

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. Paul wrote a letter to Philemon encouraging him to help his friend Onesimus. Paul told Philemon that he knew that he loved Christ and the brothers and sisters and that he was willing to take this challenge on his shoulders. He probably did. Philemon was a brother in the church in Colosse, known for his faith and love for the brothers and sisters. He had a friend named Onesimus who was not a Christian. Onesimus went from Philemon to Rome, and it seemed that he was going to see him there. (Phil. 18) While Onesimus was in Rome, Paul and Onesimus became friends, and later became Christians. (Col. 4:9) Because of the laws of Rome, Onesimus had to go to his master, Philemon, so Paul let him go.—Philippians 12:13.

3 Paul must have been wondering what Philemon would do if Onesimus went away. Philemon had a way of giving

1. What qualities does each of us have?

2. Look at the case of Philemon and Onesimus. (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

3. When Paul sent Onesimus away, what things did Paul seem to be concerned about? (See also the heading.)

14

(1 Cor. 15:21, 22; 2 Cor. 4:7-9) One of the reasons why Paul sent Tychicus and Onesimus to preach to Philemon was because he knew that this would disturb the peace of the church. (2 Cor. 6:21, 22; Colossians 4:7-9) One of the reasons why Paul sent Tychicus and Onesimus to preach to the Colossians was because he knew that they would preach to the Colossians. In this chapter, we will consider Paul’s letter to Philemon and the Colossians, and what we can learn from Paul, Onesimus, and Philemon.

NEA YEBETUMI ASUA AFI PAUL HƆ

4 What can we learn from Paul? As Paul and others worked for peace in the church, so can we work for peace in the church.

5 Paul regarded Philemon as his friend. (Phil. 17) Paul felt that whatever he said to Philemon should be as if he were his friend. (2 Cor. 1:24) Paul regarded Philemon as his neighbor, and he told him that there was a connection between them. Paul’s actions helped Philemon to feel like Onesimus, who was to become his Christian neighbor. We can all follow Paul, the elder of the church. When elders regard the brothers as their friends, there is peace in the church. Because they love Jehovah’s things, they “undertake” them. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) In fact, God’s love for them made them spend time with them, be careful of them, and help them when they needed help. By following Paul’s example and making others feel like friends, elders set an example for other brothers and sisters and helped maintain peace in the congregation.

4-5. How can congregational elders help maintain peace in the congregation?

6 Paul wrote to Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5, 7) We all need friends. Why? One reason is that there are many of us who feel that we are superior to others. Perhaps, as we are in the body, we are weak. And sometimes, we don’t know whether people like us or dislike us. Or perhaps, we feel that we are being abused in some way. If we feel that way, it’s not surprising. We may think that our father is worried about us, or that we are saying something that isn’t right, or that we’re making ourselves feel bad, or that we’re making others feel bad. These are all things that can break the peace between us. (Proverbs 12:25) If you do this, you’ll show that you love and respect your brother or sister. Do you want to show that you love and respect your brother or sister? There’s no better way to show that you love and respect your brother or sister than by telling him or her that you love him or her. It’s not because he or she has authority to do something that you should tell him or her, but because we know that he or she wants to do something about you. One of the best things you can do is to tell him or her if you think he or she is doing something wrong.

7 Paul preached the gospel of Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) The words that Paul spoke about Onesimus would have inspired both Filemon and Onesimo. What we say about our brothers and sisters in Christ can also inspire our brothers and sisters in Christ. When we preach about our brothers and sisters in Christ, we can inspire our brothers and sisters in Christ. In the same way, when we preach about our brothers and sisters in Christ, we can inspire our brothers and sisters in Christ to believe that we can inspire our brothers and sisters in Christ.

6. Why is it so important to have faith?

7. Why should we pay attention to what we say to others? (Philemon 10-12)

AUGUST 2026 15

Know your brothers and sisters and preach about them like Paul did (See paragraph 8)

What will help us to do this? Let’s take a look at one of Paul’s examples.

(1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Paul thought that his brothers were poor, but he didn’t. He was concerned about their poorness, and he trusted God to give him the opportunity to see them. If you feel like preaching the good news of the kingdom, do the following: Think about how you might be able to preach the good news of the kingdom. Then pray for them with all your heart that Jehovah will bless them. If you do so, you’ll feel encouraged to preach the good news of the kingdom to them.

9 And Paul wrote to Philemon, saying, “Is it because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you?” 10 And he answered, “It is not because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you.” 11 But Paul wrote to Philemon, saying, “It is because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you.” 12 And he said, “It is not because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you.” 13 And Paul wrote to Philemon, saying, “It is because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you.” 14 And he wrote to Philemon, saying, “It is because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you.” 15 And he wrote to Philemon, saying, “It is because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you.” 16 And Paul wrote to Philemon, saying, “It is because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you.” 17 And Paul wrote to Philemon, saying, “It is because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you.” 18 And Paul wrote to Philemon, saying, “It is because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you.” 19 And Paul wrote to Philemon, saying, “It is because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you.” 20 And Paul wrote to Philemon, saying, “It is because of you or because of someone else that I am writing this letter to you.” He was then taken to Rome, but on his way, the prison in which he was held was destroyed. When Paul wrote the letter back to Philemon, he was “in a hurry,” because the Romans had given Paul his own prison in Rome. (Phil. 1) Does Paul’s reaction to this make him think about what he was saying to Philemon? Yes. Paul’s letter back to Philemon was inspired by what he was saying, and it did. What can we learn from it? When we are overwhelmed or struggling, and when we do everything we can to take the lead, it helps to maintain peace in the church. Furthermore, if we have peace among ourselves, it will help us to overcome the obstacles we encounter.

NEA YEBETUMI ASUA AFI ONESIMO HƆ

10 But let us all do something or speak something that is good in the sight of God; and in this regard the example of Onesimus will be helpful to us.

8. What can help us learn about our brothers and sisters, and preach about them? (See also the footnote.)

9. Why was Paul's encouragement to Philemon so surprising?

10. What did Onesimus do to bring peace between him and Philemon?

16 SEPTEMBER

Onesmus knew that under the Roman law, he had to go to his master. So he went 1,400 kilometres (900 miles) to meet Philemon; he knew what he was doing. He had to know that if he went to be taken into custody, he would be punished for what he had done. It might have made it easier for him to take a decision. And if he thought that the woman he had taken into custody was worth it, what would he have done? If he was so minded, let him go to his master with confidence; and when he had come, he did what he could to bring him into harmony with him, for he too was to become a Christian.

11 If you do something that makes someone angry, be kind to him or her. (Matt. 5:23-25) It may be hard to be kind to someone, but if you do, you’ll realize that there’s a great difference. Speak out your feelings for the person you’re angry with. Then, when you’re angry, let him or her know that you’re angry with him or her, and let him or her know that you’re angry with him or her. Take your feelings for granted. On the other hand, don’t put the words you’re angry with or the feelings you’re angry with the person you’re angry with or the feelings you’re angry with the person you’re angry with on the person you’re angry with or the person you’re angry with. If you put the words you’re angry with or the feelings you’re angry with on the person you’re angry with or the feelings you’re angry with on the person you’re angry with, it may be a sign that you’re angry with the person you’re angry with. In the end, the words you’re angry with or angry with the person you’re angry with may lead to a fight or even ruin the conversation. As we become more and more self-centered, we often lose our peace of mind.—Romans 14:19.

NEA YEBETUMI ASUA AFI FILEMON HƆ

12 If we are afraid of someone, what Philemon did shows us how close we are to one another. Isn’t Philemon responsible for the sin of Onesimus, and did he do it for his own sake? (Phil. 17, 21) According to the Bible, Paul thought that Philemon would do so. (Phil. 17, 21) Paul believed that Philemon had a reason to make him willing to make atonement for Onesimus’s sin. What was that reason?

13 Philemon loved his brothers. (Phil. 5) Philemon’s name was important to him because it was his name

11. If we do something that hurts someone, what can we do to improve our relationship with him or her? (See also section 11.)

12. Why did Paul expect that Philemon would make atonement for Onesimus?

13. Why is love so important? (Colossians 3:14)

Follow the example of Onesimus; be sure to wait until you are comfortable with yourself and your spouse (See paragraph 11)

Follow the example of Philemon; he made a difference and helped create peace and unity in the church (see chapter 15)

The members of the church believed that Philemon’s love was inherent, and that love would have helped him to make atonement for Onesimus’s sins. In fact, Paul’s letter to the Colossians, where Philemon lived, described love as “a spirit of integrity that does not deceive.” (Read Colossians 3:14.) In other words, the most important reason for peace and unity is love. If we truly love our brothers and sisters, we would be willing to make atonement for their sins. (1 Cor. 13:4-7.) Now, let’s look at what made Philemon willing to love his brother and sister.

14 Because Philemon loved his wife, he sent his son to attend a church meeting. (Phil. 2) Paul also showed that he loved Philemon by telling him to prepare a place for his children to stay. (Phil. 22) Philemon’s love for his wife made the brothers angry and dismayed them.—Phil. 7.

15 If we follow the example of Philemon, how does that help our love for our brothers and sisters? When we show kindness to our brothers and sisters, we show them that we care about them. When we show kindness to those whose fathers and fathers have died, we show them that we care about them. That’s a good thing for Jehovah’s congregation. When we know their family background, what they went through before they came to the truth, the challenges they faced, and how they looked at life, we show them that we love them and care about them. That’s why Jehovah chose them to be his servants. (John 13:34, 35) 6:44) Therefore, if we put an end to our selfishness, it will help us to love our brothers and sisters more, and if they hate us, it will help us to be more kind to them.

16 Does this mean that you forgive someone? If we love our brothers and sisters very much, we may not be willing to forgive them with ourselves. What can this help us? Let’s look at Paul’s letter to the Colossians, including Philemon, in Colossians 3:13. (Link.) When this letter was read to the Colossians in the country of Philemon and there was a man there, what did he think? What did he think about it? Perhaps he thought that Philemon was a good man. 17 When he read the letter to the Colossians in Colossians 3:13, he thought that Philemon was a good man. 18 When he read the letter to the Colossians in Colossians 3:13, he thought that Philemon was a good man. 19 When he read the letter to the Colossians in Colossians 3:13, he thought that Philemon was a good man. 20 When he read the letter to the Colossians in Colossians 3:13, he thought that Philemon was a good man. 21 When he read the letter to the Colossians in Colossians 3:13, he thought that Philemon was a good man. 22 When he read the letter to the Colossians in Colossians 3:13, he thought that Philemon was a good man. 23 When he read the letter to the Colossians in Colossians 3:13, he thought

14. Why can we say that Philemon loved his wife?

15. How does showing kindness to our parents increase our love for them? (See also paragraph 15.)

16. How did Philemon put Paul’s advice in Colossians 3:13 into practice?

18 SEPTEMBER

If he was concerned about Onesimo’s fate, then he should have thought about what he should have done: He should have taken Onesimus’s body and offered it as atonement for his sins. If we are concerned about offering atonement for our own sins, how can Paul’s example help us?

17 What did Paul mean when he said that we should be “friends of our enemies”? He was exhorting us to be “friends of our enemies” when we are harassed or insulted. In that same verse, Paul learned that because of the love that God has for us, he sacrificed his own flesh for our sins. God is not afraid of us, so he doesn’t tell us that we cannot do something. He doesn’t think we are wicked, but he doesn’t take that into account, but he looks at what we do. (Deut. 103:13, 14; 130:3) Therefore, he has shown us his love and mercy. (Rom. 3:22, 23) If we look at our fellow Christians in the same way that Jehovah does, we will be encouraged to follow their example, because if we follow the example of our brothers and sisters, we will also be encouraged to follow their example. For example, if we wear a clothing that we think is very pleasing, it will make us feel good about ourselves, and if we look at our brothers and sisters in the same way, we will feel good about ourselves, and if they follow us, we will forgive them and take their guilt.

18 Whatever you do to promote peace in the congregation is pleasing to Jehovah. So continue to look for ways to do so. Go out and talk to your brothers and sisters, and preach about them. It’s great. If you have a friend who works hard to make you feel at ease with him or her, and your love for the brothers and sisters continues to grow, you’ll find it pleasing to share with them. If you do these things, you’ll help create peace in the congregation. In that day, you’ll talk about the “unbelievers who are the destruction of the earth,” and “your heart will rejoice in the joys of many” forever.—Deut. 37:11.

18. What do you want to do?

17. What does the Bible mean when it says that “we are the children of our fathers”?

STUDY THE LETTER: Philemon re-reads the letter that Paul sent to him when Onesimus and Tychicus were there.

YOU WILL BE HAPPY...

the Apostle Paul?

Onesimo there?

Where is Philemon?

DWOM 154

OCTOBER 26–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

“How You Should Listen to Jehovah,” You Should Listen to Him

DWOM 62 Dwom Foforo No

“He has given us great mercy, so that we may be comforted in the presence of the Lord.”—LUKE 1:69, 74.

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

It helps us to recognize that the promises that God has made for us must be fulfilled, and that it is right, but not necessary.

Zechariah was an old man, and his wife Elizabeth was an elderly woman, but they were not able to have a child. Jehovah made it possible for them to have a child, and they named him John. When the people of the camp and his followers came to him, they asked, “What is this young man going to do?” (Luke 1:57-66) Jehovah made Zechariah think about that question. Zechariah told them that the Messiah they were waiting for would soon come. Therefore, John was helping people to be calm, and if they recognized the Messiah, they would follow him. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) However, this is not exactly what John was referring to when he spoke to Zacharias.* This example shows us that Zacharias’ words were prophecies, and that they also apply to us who are here today. Zacharias’ words will help us understand two things that we need to be aware of. First, the promises that Jehovah is making to us. Second, how we love Jehovah, and third, the effort we put into preaching the good news.

HOW GOD WILL TREAT YOU

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God had promised His people that He would give them His promise. But what did He give them?

* See the prophecy of Zechariah in the video entitled “His Name Is John,” in the first section of the video The Word Is Made—What Happened at Jesus’ Birth. The main prophecy in the video is Luke 1:67.

1. What did Zechariah say, and what was it about? 2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what gift did Jehovah promise to his people? (b) Who is the “powerful ruler” described in Luke 1:69?

20

(Luke 1:69, reference) The Messiah was to be the “mighty ruler.” The Jews in Zachariah’s time were confident that the promised Messiah would come, and they expected him to be Abraham’s successor from the family of King David. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Why, then, did Jehovah let Zachariah tell the truth about the “mighty rulers” he was to bring? It was obvious that the Messiah would come soon. A woman named Mary, who was the mother of Jesus, would be the Messiah. (Luke 1:30-35) When Jesus was 30 years old when he was conceived, Jehovah sent the holy spirit to designate him as the Messiah he had been promised. At that time, Jehovah recognized him as the powerful ruler. (Matt. 3:16, 17) That was a great joy!

3 Why did the Jews need to be saved? Zechariah said that they had to “be saved from the hands of their fathers and from the hands of all their enemies.” (Luke 1:71) Did Jesus mean to save the Jews from the hands of the Romans who were persecuting them? Yes. Indeed, it was necessary to save the Jews from the hands of Satan. Indeed, the enemy they were encountering was Satan himself. (Heb. 2:14, 15) Because of Satan’s words, the Jews and all of mankind became wicked and sinful. At that time, because the Jews were willing to obey the Law of Moses, they were under the influence of Satan, and therefore they needed to be saved. (Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13)

3. Why did the Jews need him?

Therefore, Jehovah sent Zechariah to “forgive their sins and make a promise to them.”—Luke 1:77.

4 Why do we need him? We, too, have been made to look like Jews by sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) Furthermore, the enemy we are facing, Satan and his demons, are increasingly powerful. They want us to obey Jehovah’s laws, and to turn away from Jehovah. They are doing so; they are calling “those who have rejected us” to stand up against us. For all of these reasons, we also need him.

5 Let’s look at how Jesus treated us in our sins. When Jesus was on earth, he taught his disciples how to love Jehovah in a way that would please him. He promised that his promise would be a redemption so that “everyone who loves God will be destroyed, but will be saved forever.” (John 3:16; Matthew 20:28) Just as Jesus taught his disciples to love Jehovah, so do we try to love him. Because he knew that we were guilty, when we love him, we ask him to forgive us. Because of the redemption, he has forgiven us our sins and has made us free from sin. (1 John 3:16) 2:1, 2) In the same way, Jesus suffered for us in our sinfulness, and made us willing to endure.

6 Jesus will free us from the darkness of Satan and his servants, and from “those who deceive us.” What will He do? Since 1914, Jesus has shown that he is the only one who can do this.

4. Why do we need him?

5. How did Jesus take our sins on Himself?

6. What will the King Jesus soon do for us? (See also the picture.)

AUGUST 2026 21

Jehovah’s promise to us through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

(Luke 1:32, 33) Soon afterwards, he and his 144,000 followers, together with the enemy angels in the sky, will take away all those who are rebelling against the Lord from the earth at Armageddon. Then, in the Millennium Tribulation, Jesus will beat the demons, and he and his 144,000 followers will be sent to help mankind gain the kingdom of God. (John 5:28; Revelation 22:1, 2) At the end of the Millennium, we will be freed from the wrath of evil and death. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) After that, Jesus and the 144,000 will destroy Satan, his armies, and anyone who follows Satan in the near-death kingdom. (Revelation 20:7-10) Eventually, those who are faithful to Jehovah will be able to overcome all evil and death, and everyone will be resurrected for their sake. One of God’s “unparalleled gifts” to us is the redemption of Christ by which Jehovah has made us his own. That gift gives us great joy, so that we can rely on Jehovah to the fullest.—2 Cor. 9:15.

HOKWAN AND WHAT HE DID FOR GOD

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Jehovah’s guidance helps us to develop a relationship with him. Zechariah said it “helps us to develop a relationship with the Lord who is with us.” What do we do to show that we love him? Some of the things we do include preaching, praying, listening to his words, attending congregations, camps, and regional meetings. There are also many other things we do to show that we love him. Some of them include attending Bethel, and helping to organize Kingdom Works and Meeting Works.

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, how does Jehovah provide for his people?

22 SEPTEMBER

8 What does the Bible mean when it says that we love Jehovah who “respects” us? In other words, we should not reject the things of the world because we are afraid to lose ourselves. Instead, what we need to do is give ourselves up to please Jehovah. If those who reject us reject us, we should respect them. We should be faithful to Jehovah because we know that, if we did, Jesus would save us. (John 6:39, 40) Secondly, we should not think that because we are humans, Jehovah respects us. We know that Jehovah loves us and cares for us, and we have the assurance that because of Jesus’ sacrifice, he will forgive our sins.—1 John 4:9, 10.

9 When elders are present, it can be difficult for them to believe that Jehovah is happy with the promises they have made to him. Perhaps they feel that Jehovah isn’t happy with them because of a hardship or a loss they’ve suffered. Or they may feel that Jehovah is happy with them because of a sin they’ve committed in the past, and the elders are helping them. What can you do if you feel this way?

10 For example, if a person feels that he has a medical condition, and the doctor tells him what he should do to get some strength in his neck, and he can’t sit on his neck, what should he do? He should go to the doctor’s office and do what the doctor tells him to do, and he can get some strength in his neck, and he can sit on his neck for two or three months.

11 Therefore, if you do something wrong that makes you grieve, turn to Jehovah. Say that Jehovah loves you so much. That is why he gave his Son to die for you, and because of his kindness and mercy, he forgives your sins. (John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Jehovah tells you what you should do to make you feel better about yourself. That is, you should pray, you should do good deeds, and you should go to worship. (Deut. 1:2; 1 Thess. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) If someone thinks that it isn’t the angels who are going to do it, it will take time. So, if you do something wrong that makes you feel that Jehovah loves you, it will take time before you really realize that Jehovah loves you. (Philippians 3:16) Moreover, just as God cares about your daily faithfulness, he cares about your day after day. We can all come to Christ, and we can all come to God to learn how to do the same.

HOW DO WE DO IT WHEN WE GET OUT OF THE SCHOOL?

12 See Luke 1:76-79. When Zechariah was about to die, he said to his son-in-law, “Be before the LORD with all your heart and with all your soul.” When did John the Baptist say this? When he heard it, he went out and preached the gospel. He told the Jews to be careful, to take heed, and to recognize the Messiah who was to come.

8. What should we not do?

9. What did it mean for the brothers and sisters to leave?

10-11. What can we do if we feel that a sin we have committed is causing the mourners to grieve? Use a parable to illustrate this.

12. What did John the Baptist do that prepared him for Jehovah? (Luke 1:76-79)

AUGUST 2026 23

Jehovah’s gifts and the ways in which we can use them will help us to preach the good news (See paragraph 16)

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

When John first introduced Jesus, he told everyone that Jesus was Jehovah’s Son. He said: “Behold, this is the Savior of God, the one who takes away the evil of the world!” Later, John told his disciples to follow Jesus, the Messiah.—John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John was the first to declare that Jesus was the Messiah, but it was necessary for many others to follow him. Why? Zechariah said that the Messiah would be “a man of deceit.” That is, the sons of Jesus would take away the goodness of men, and make them laugh at the promises of God. The word meant that they had to tell everyone something, so John was not afraid to say it. Then why would the Gentiles be deprived of the gospel?

14 Jesus began to preach, and Zechariah spoke of him as one who would make “those who are bound by the spirits of evil and death to see light.” Jesus had great compassion for those who were bound by the spirits of evil and death. He spoke to them of the comforting and comforting “year of Jehovah’s glory.” (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21.) He said: “The Kingdom is at hand.” He knew that many people needed to preach the gospel, so he instructed his disciples so that they too could preach it. —Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 We, too, are delighted to be able to share the good news. The truth is that the redemptive sacrifice of Jesus and the Kingdom of God are something that we need to focus on right now. Why? Let’s look at what is happening. Soon there will be a “great calamity that will end the world.”

13. How did the sons of the Messiah make “a good deal” for God’s people?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is it so important to preach today?

24 SEPTEMBER

(Matt. 24:21) At that time, many people might be dismayed by the good news and turn away from Jehovah because they might be told that the good news was being preached to them. After that, Jesus and the 144,000 and his congregation will fight against all those who turn away from God, and they will bring those who turn away from God to the end of the world. (Matt. 25:34; Ad. 16:16; 19:19) That is why it is so important that we continue to preach.—Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:10.

16 The words of Zechariah in Luke 1:68-79 tell us about some of the things we should look forward to. First, the promise that Jehovah will give us. Second, how we should look forward to Jehovah. Third, the effort we make to preach the gospel. Are you willing to take the ransom of Christ and give yourself to Jehovah?

16. What do you want to do? (See also the picture.)

Does the way you love Jehovah matter to you? If so, tell everyone about the “year of Jehovah’s glory.” Tell people about “the time when our God will take away sin,” that is, the time when God’s Kingdom will destroy all our fathers and restore us to this Paradise earth. Therefore, everyone who loves God should call on him and ask him to give us the courage to “be faithful and righteous to Jehovah our God for all the ages of our lives.”—Luke 1:74, 75.

Chapter 24: In the first episode, two brothers are going to the court. In the second episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a handgun. In the third episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the fourth episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the fifth episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the sixth episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is going to the court with a gun. In the seventh episode, one of the brothers is

HOW THE WORSHIP OF LUK 1:68-79 WAS APPLIED,...

What kind of reward does Jehovah want us to receive?

What lessons can we learn from Jesus’ redemption?

What do we do?

HOWTO 159 Say Jehovah's Name

ASETENAM NSƐM

I Don't Know Why I Don't Love You

STÉPHANE LANDEROIN ANOM ASƐM

I went to school, and I wasn’t really interested in school, and I wasn’t doing anything. What I wanted to do was put myself in a place where no one would think of me. I was hoping that God’s thoughts would come to me. Why did I do that?

I grew up in Paris, France. There were many people who believed in God, and so I believed in God. What I really believed was that the world and everything that exists was true. I studied at school, and like many people, I believed that it was true. It was hard for me, so I didn’t do any research.

My parents were very concerned about the existence of God. They thought that if God existed, there wouldn’t be so much pain and misery in the world. Because I believed that my parents were so concerned about the existence of God, I felt that I couldn’t believe that God existed. Even those who believed in God, I disliked.

I felt very much that there was a God there, and he drew on me so much that sometimes I was overwhelmed. What made my mind rest, and what helped me to my bravery rest, I will give to you.

When I was 19 years old, my parents gave me a scholarship to go to French Guiana in South America for a year. It was a nice place, but I didn’t feel comfortable there. I knew that later on, I would be able to get a better job.

When I was 20 years old, I went to Paris. When I was 20 years old, every day I went to work from Dwoada to Fiada; when I was 20 years old, I went to Memenda and Kwasiada, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every day I went to work, every

I live in Paris, France. In the community I live in, we believe in God.

26 SEPTEMBER

I was so excited to go to South America that I decided to go to the United States.

METHODS SET OUT TO BE APPLIED IN THE FUTURE

I went to French Guiana, where my mother-in-law had been arrested for a crime. I thought that if I went to a place like that, I would be very angry. I decided to go to my mother-in-law’s place. So I worked from Douala to Douala; and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala, and I had to go to Douala and Douala, and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala, and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala, and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala, and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala, and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala, and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala, and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala, and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala, and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala, and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala, and when I went to Douala and Douala, I had to go to Douala and Douala.

At that time, someone gave me a Bible. I looked at it, and I felt like there was something in it that would help me to do better. I knew what they were giving me, and I looked at it.

I had some friends who also wanted to know what we were going to do in the world. They were gathered in a place called Nkabom in the desert. So they asked me to be their guide.

During the war, we were self-sufficient; we were willing to do whatever we wanted because every law was holding us back. We waited for the wind to blow before we got up, and the wind to blow before we went. We used to wear our own clothes, sing our own songs, and sing our own songs. We looked carefully at the crowd of people who came over us, and everyone had his own piece of clothing. We ate our own food because we didn’t want to hurt the animals that were there. We followed the other laws that were in place; if we looked and the laws helped us or we violated them and they took us for granted, we would do so.

In the way we grew up, that was the way we wanted the world to be. Everyone looked at each other in our closet, and everybody looked at his or her closet as to where he or she was going. I felt that each of us was sensitive and sensitive. Therefore, the challenges that people faced in the world, some of them were in our closet. Some of the people in the closet lived a short time in the closet, and some lived a short time or an abosome. I felt like I was over two years old.

When I was in the desert, I realized that the earth gave us everything we needed. One day, I felt like I was in the middle of a forest. I was so overwhelmed, I asked myself, 'Why does the earth give us so much of what we need?' When you look at the earth, it seems like it is filled with water.

A. There is a piece of land that we own, and we call the land Nkabom.

B. When to place the wafer in the

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

B

It was the first time in my life that I had the opportunity to go to a church. It was the first time in my life that I had the opportunity to go to a church. It was the first time in my life that I had the opportunity to go to a church. It was the first time that I had the opportunity to go to a church. It was the first time that I had the opportunity to go to a church. It was the first time that I had the opportunity to go to a church. It was the first time that I had the opportunity to go to a church.

I began to read the Bible. At that time, I wanted to know what God wanted me to do. I began to pray, and I made two signs that I knew what they meant. Also, I wanted to know if God’s name was Yahweh, or if there was a song in which that name was written.

MIBEHUU M’AGYA A NE YAM YE NO

When I looked back, as I prayed, it seemed to me that the Spirit knew that I wanted to meet him. A friend of mine who was talking about our marriage at the church met a Jehovah’s Witness, and she read a chapter of Can You Live in Paradise in the Bible?* When I looked back, I was amazed by what I saw. When I realized that the earth would be a Paradise and I would live on it, I was deeply moved. What I was really looking for was a place where I could live in peace with my people and where there would be no death.

* Jehovah's Witnesses did not vote, but in the end, they voted.

He is the one who wants me to be his father tomorrow, and I want to be his wife.

I knew that I needed to be a part of my work, but I needed help. So I told a friend of mine who was there that I wanted to meet Michel. Michel was a caretaker, and he was very interested in me.

When I met Michel, he invited me to attend a meeting in Matoury, near Cayenne. The distance between Cayenne and where we were was 240 kilometres, or 155 miles. I was wearing a tent, and I was wearing a very heavy jacket. I was wearing a suitcase made of various types of cotton and a scarf that didn’t fit me. The brothers didn’t care about my clothing, but they invited me to attend one of the meetings, gave me a gift and gave me a place to stay. The love and commitment of the Jehovah’s Witnesses made me want to know the truth.

During that meeting, a brother taught 1 Timothy 5:8 in his native language. The first verse teaches us that every father will give his children what they need. I believed that Jehovah was using that principle, and that He would see to it that His children were given what they needed. So I said to myself,

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDONIA

I learned the truth in French Guiana, grew up in France, and lived with my wife in New Caledonia

Our goal is to

Letter from Merema to a Chinese-speaking group, 2006

If I say what Jehovah wants in my life, I don’t have to worry because he will look after me. When I saw Michel’s attitude, I knew that it was important. What he really wanted to do was to serve Jehovah, but whatever you did, he was happy about it.

When I started studying the Bible, I realized that I needed to do something about it. I decided that I wanted to stop smoking and give up smoking. When I did that, I gave up all the smoking I had, and I stopped smoking completely. Then I went to the church. One day, while I was at the church, I was told by an elder that I had to stop smoking, and I stopped smoking at a Kingdom Meeting.

A few months later, I visited the congregation in French Guiana and then went to France. I saw a Kingdom Meeting and went there, and I took my Bible with me. I was a bit disappointed, but the way I was disappointed was amazing to my abuser. So, I went to the meeting, and I was very angry, and I went to a party where there was a lot of noise. I felt that I was giving them the best testimony I could, and they were disappointed. Later on, I realized that if I was to give them my testimony, I would have to be self-conscious and take responsibility for myself and for them.

When I got married in 1996, I prayed to Jehovah that I would like to be a pastor like Michel. I felt that it was the only way I could express what Jehovah was doing for me.

MINYAA NHYIRA PII FII ME SORO AGYA NO HƆ

There was a sister named Claudine in my group. I believed that she was a hard worker in the ministry, and her answers made me realize that she really loved Jehovah. I thought I would marry her, but I wanted to know if Claudine was interested in the ministry. She was very interested, so in April 2000 we divorced.

The next year, both of us went on a mission trip. Later, we went to teach Mandarin to a Chinese-speaking elder in our neighborhood. I was very interested in the language. First, I had to try to be Chinese. Second, I had to find a way to communicate with Chinese people in a way that would make them happy. The truth is, I learned Mandarin very well. I did everything I could. We were encouraged by the way Chinese-speaking brothers and sisters did the ministry. Jehovah blessed us greatly. Whatever we learn, it is something that will help us in our future service to Jehovah.

HOW TO GET THE MOST OUT OF YOU

Things didn’t always go the way I wanted them to. For example, when I tried to do everything I could for Jehovah and my brothers and sisters, I felt uncomfortable, so when I went to a meeting, I spent a lot of time preparing for it.

AUGUST 2026 | 29

Seesei is doing the mission work in New Caledonia

Many times, I felt that I had to wait until it was over, because it was going to be exactly as I expected it to be. (Proverbs 7:16) I had to understand that Jehovah is a loving Father, and that he wants to be in control of our lives. Indeed, if we do everything we can, he will be pleased.

During our stay in Paris, I was appointed as a volunteer in a local hospital. I felt like I was a good fit, and I knew someone who would help me do the job. I knew that what we thought we couldn’t do, Jehovah’s holy spirit could help us do.

My father also told me that I had an illness that made me feel very ill. I had a lot of pain in my hands and it made me feel like I had a sore throat. When I was speaking at a conference or a country meeting and I had a little bit of pain in my hands, it made me feel very bad. I prayed to Jehovah for peace, and it made me feel better. The pain was temporary, but when I put my trust in Jehovah, it made me feel completely ill and I felt very ill.

In 2011, something we had been praying for during the Tenth Anniversary, Jehovah revealed to us. We went as missionaries to New Caledonia. It is one of the most remote islands in the southwest Pacific. It is 16,000 kilometres or 10,000 nautical miles from Paris to New Caledonia. This year’s mission was also a long one. We had to prepare for eighteen months of hard work; we had to make bankye, brobe, and baire. And if you were to go to a place where it was very cold, or there was a lot of muck, it would be like destroying our family. It was just before it was over. In addition, the manner in which the people talked was quite awkward; if you asked someone a question, if they were willing to give you an answer, sometimes they would follow you and give you an answer.

Each time we were asked to do something, Jehovah gave us what we wanted to do. We became preachers, spent a few years at Bethel, attended a Kingdom Message School, and went on to do field service. Each time we were asked to do something, we knew that we were being guided by Jehovah’s holy spirit. Jehovah knew that when we had difficulties, it meant that he was doing something wrong. So I prayed with all my heart that he would give me the strength to do what I wanted to do. Though I have faced enemies who have taken my power from me, the Lord has given me the power to give advice and guidance to those whom we have challenged.

Claudine followed me everywhere we went. She cared very much about me. She was passionate about the work we were doing, and she knew that if she could, she would give her testimony to others. The hardships and obstacles that we encountered in the hospital work, she was aware of.

At the meeting I attended, I realized that the Kingdom of God cares about his servants all the time. I was blessed when I was doing my part in the service. Jehovah taught me to speak to other elders and to obey his commandments. He also taught me to be self-controlled. I worked with those with whom I was at odds in the service so that I could obey his commandments. Some of the friends that Jehovah gave me made up for what I had lost. Jehovah gave me great confidence, and I looked forward to the day when we would be able to live forever, and that he would give us more things to do.—Mark 10:29, 30.

30 SEPTEMBER

SO WUNIM?

So, what was going on in the past?

In ancient times, a courtyard was a place where people gathered to celebrate a feast. It was a very crowded place, because many people gathered there to celebrate their feast. A courtyard appears many times in the Bible, and the Bible describes the events that took place there.

The Hebrew word for “pon” refers to a bridge, and esan means the part of the bridge where people gathered to exercise power. If a woman was there, the bridge was the place where people gathered to exercise power. —Neh. 8:1.

The people’s belongings were stored in a vault. The vault in Jerusalem was located on a deck called the Mpataa Pon and the Nguan Pon. It seems that the people’s belongings were stored on the top of that deck. —Zeph. 1:10; Jn. 5:2.

(Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) In addition, if the hosts were tired and hungry, they would go into one of the houses and stay in one of the rooms. (Acts 19:15-21) When that day came, people would go to the house to listen to what was going on.—2 Samuel 18:24, 25.

(Deuteronomy 21:18-20) Because of this, it was easier for the unbelievers to be judged. When the unbelievers said something, there were elders who looked after that the unbelievers were brought before the unbelievers. (Deuteronomy 25:2) The unbelievers who spoke at the courtyard were called the “unbelievers of the courtyard.” (Deuteronomy 25:2) The unbelievers who spoke at the courtyard were called the “unbelievers of the courtyard.” (Deuteronomy 25:2) The unbelievers who spoke at the courtyard were called the “unbelievers of the courtyard.” (Deuteronomy 25:2) The unbelievers who spoke at the courtyard were called the “unbelievers of the courtyard.” (Deuteronomy 25:2) The unbelievers who spoke at the courtyard were called the “unbelievers of the courtyard.” (Deuteronomy 25:2) The unbelievers who spoke at the courtyard were called the “unbelievers of the courtyard.” (Deuteronomy 25:2) The unbelievers who spoke at the courtyard were called the “unbelievers of the courtyard.” (Deuteronomy 25:2) The unbelievers who spoke at the courtyard were called the “unbelievers of the courtyard.” (Deuteronomy 25:2)

It was a place where there was no shelter.

Everyone was assured that justice would be done. They were also assured that they would do what was right, and the people were encouraged to do the same.—Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

(1 Kings 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu stood at the top of the hill and told all the people that Jehovah would make the word he had spoken against the sons of Ahab come true. (2 Kings 10:8-10) King Hezekiah also stood at the top of the hill and encouraged his kings to be faithful to Jehovah.—2 Kings 32:6-8.

(Proverbs 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, when you went to the desert, there were faithful men who served the people and ensured that justice was done. Now, we learn Jehovah’s truth in the Bible, and his servants around the world encourage people to search for that truth in the Bible.

AUGUST 2026 31

THE WATCHTOWER August 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 8 TWI

THE SYSTEM IN THIS NEWS

October 5–11, 2013 | 2 Stop Satan’s Evil—Become Confident in Jehovah and Jesus

What You’ll Learn October 12-18 | 8 How You Can Help Others!

October 19-25 | 14 ‘Mede Ɔdɔ Na Ɛresrɛ Wo’

What You’ll Learn October 26–November 1 | 20 ‘How You Should Listen to Jehovah,’ You Should Listen

ASETENAM NSƐM | 26 I Don’t Have the Power to Do Anything

WHAT DO YOU KNOW? | 31 What happened in the past few days?

THE BIBLE IN THIS WORLD

Dua a Enyane Anɔpatutuutu

There are about 30 cows mentioned in the Bible, but only about 10 of them are known to have been used in the Bible. The cows mentioned in the Bible are the cows that were born in the month after the harvest season. The cows are known to have been born in January, and the cows are known to have had a brown or brownish-brown fur. The name of the cow in Hebrew means “the young one.” Can this cow tell us something about the God of the Old Testament?

The March 15, 2011 New York Times wrote: “Just as the cornucopia (the Hebrew word for a crown) was ‘eating’, so was Jehovah’s ‘resurrection crown’... warning his people of what mighty things they were about to come upon them... Jehovah would be pleased with it, and he would ‘make his heart rest’ until the prophecy came to pass.”—Jer. 1:11, 12.

(Deuteronomy 12:5) Moreover, the canopies that came out of the tent of meeting had horns attached to the horns that were used to feed the sheep. Because horns were liked by the sheep, it seems that Jehovah told Bezalel that the horns were not liked by the sheep.—Ex. 37:17-20.

We’re doing Bible teaching worldwide, and volunteer volunteers are making a contribution to our work. If you’d like to make a contribution, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical texts in this book are taken from the Scripture Kronkron—The Complete Father's Translation, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website on Twitter, or scan this code in your app

JW.ORG

w26.08-TW