SEPTEMBER 2026

GOD'S WORSHIP IN THE WORSHIP OF GOD'S WORSHIP

ANNOUNCEMENT DATE: NOVEMBER 2–DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOVEMBER 2-8, 2026

HADZIDZI 3

You Are Our Power and Our Opportunity

TAŊODZINUA

In this article, we will see why we can be sure that Jehovah will look after us now and in the future.

How to Make Jehovah See You

“You have said: ‘Jehovah is my refuge.’”—PS. 91:9.

Jehovah wants the nations to do “what is right in his sight,” that is, to “throw their kingdoms into the sea,” represented by the Kingdom of Heaven.* (Revelation 17:17) Thus, the sea, which will bring many powers and all the nations that are united with it, will destroy all idolatry forever. (Revelation 17:16) This will be the beginning of the Great Tribulation. What will it bring?

2 That is, the world’s governments will unite against Jehovah’s people. (Ezek. 38:14-16) Why? According to the book Jehovah’s Victorious Days—They Are Coming!, “Satan has instigated the nations to prevent true victories and righteous victories on the earth.” The most important event that will follow is the battle of Armageddon. Jesus will lead the 1,000,000, and the righteous will destroy the wicked and take them to heaven. Satan’s world will be destroyed and we will begin a new life in a new world.—Revelation 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

3 Should we be afraid when Jesus and his followers are destroying Satan’s evil power in the battle of Armageddon?

* See “Questions from Readers” in the November 2025 Watch Tower.

1-2. What will happen soon?

3. What will we study in this chapter?

2

Oh! Why? Because Jehovah has promised to look after us. That promise is found in Psalm 91:7, which says, “A thousand shall stand upon thy throne, and five thousand upon thy seat, but thou shalt not be overcome.” Now let’s explore Psalm 91 to find answers to the following questions: What kind of salvation does Jehovah promise to his people? How does Jehovah look after us now? How does Jehovah look after us in the future? But first, let’s look at what Psalm 91 is about.

A PSALM THAT MUST BE WRITTEN ABOUT GOD'S IMPERIUM

4 Psalm 91 emphasizes the fact that Jehovah looks after those who turn to him. This is made clear in chapters 1 and 2. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Because Jehovah is all-powerful and all-knowing, we can rest assured that he will look after us when we turn to him for help. Can there be any better example than this? (Ruth 2:12; Ps. 17:8) The words “places of refuge” and “forts” refer to ancient cities surrounded by fortresses. These fortresses guarded the inhabitants of the towns, and even those who lived on the outskirts of the towns could seek refuge in them. In Psalm 91:3-13, the prophet uses a number of words to reassure us that Jehovah is able to provide for us in any situation.

5 From Psalm 91:14 onwards, the focus shifted from the words of the prophet to the words of Jehovah Himself. Jehovah promises his servants that he will look after them. (Read Psalm 91:14-16.) In these passages, Jehovah promises his chosen people that he will look after them when they turn to him, know his name, and pray to him. We can rely fully on Jehovah because he keeps all his promises. (Josh. 23:14) There is no doubt that he will look after his people.—Numbers 23:19.

6 Jehovah’s spirit inspired him to write the words in Psalm 91 to inspire us to trust in him. (Rom. 15:4) Psalm 91 tells us to trust in Jehovah’s mercy when he says: “You are my refuge and my stronghold.” Can we trust in Jehovah in the same way? (Ps. 91:2) What kind of mercy does Jehovah promise his people?

WHAT IS GOD’S REPRESENTATION OF HAPPINESS IN PSALM 91?

7 We have learned in our books that Psalm 91 deals with how God looks after us spiritually. We can be sure that God will provide us with everything we need to maintain a good relationship with him whenever we need it. But does this psalm deal only with spiritual pleasure? Yes. Jehovah promises to look after people both physically and emotionally and to save them from evil. How do we know that this psalm does not deal only with spiritual pleasure?

8 Satan quoted Psalm 91 when he met Jesus. Jesus’ response to him illustrates the kind of humiliation that this psalm describes. —Read Matthew 4:5-7.

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 help us to seek Jehovah’s favor?

5-6. (a) What role does Jehovah play in Psalm 91:14-16? (b) What can we learn from it?

7. What kind of happiness does Jehovah promise in Psalm 91?

8-9. How did Jesus react to Satan’s temptation, and what do we learn from this? (Matthew 4:5-7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 3

When Satan used Psalm 91:11, 12 to suggest that God would see Jesus in the flesh, he said that if Jesus did not leave the temple, the devils would seek him out. What did Jesus say to him? Jesus did not say to Satan, ‘Oh, this psalm is not about physical sighting.’ Instead, he said to him: “You shall not see Jehovah your God.” What can we learn from Jesus’ response to Satan?

9 Jesus knew that God would use the people to protect his people from evildoers in situations where he might not be able to do anything about it. (2 Kings 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Daniel 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) However, Jesus knew that he would not be able to be seen by God if he went on a life-threatening journey. Therefore, when Satan used Psalm 91 as a reference to God’s physical visitation of his servants, he was right. But the point is that he asks Jesus to do anything to please Jehovah.* As Jesus answers Satan, we see that Psalm 91 deals with Jehovah’s pleasure in all its forms: spiritual, physical, and emotional.

10 Jehovah’s promises in Psalm 91 encourage us to be confident that he is our dwelling place and that he looks after all who turn to him. Therefore, we do not have to be afraid of what might happen in the world in the future. Now let’s look at how Jehovah looks after us now and how he will look after us in the future.

WHAT DOES GOD WANT US TO DO?

11 Jehovah is spiritually aware of us, which means that we are willing to take action against things that might cause us to be separated from him. He knows how we are influenced by sin and how we are inclined to do things that are not right. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) Therefore, he gives us things that will help us to have a good relationship with him. Let’s look at some of them.

12 His Word, the Bible. Jehovah warns us in the Bible about evil desires and how to overcome them. An example of this is Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.) Jesus spoke of a man who “looked upon a woman and loved her.” Jesus said that the man had “hated her in his heart.” What does this mean for us?

13 When we are exposed to sexually explicit images, videos, or other things, we are more likely to indulge in sexual lust, and when we have an opportunity to indulge in sexual lust, we are more likely to do so. (James 1:14, 15) To prevent sexual lust from developing in us, we need to follow Jesus’ advice: “If your appetite leads you to sin, let your mouth be clean.” (Matt. 5:29) It is important that we constantly focus on the things that lead to sexual lust, as well as how we treat ourselves toward those things. (Col. 3:5) Following this advice will improve our relationship with Jehovah.

* We have stated in our books that Psalm 91 refers only to Jehovah’s promise to look after His servants in the spirit, and that Satan was angry when he used the words of this psalm to indicate that Jehovah would look after His servants in the flesh. See The Watchtower, December 1, 1974, p. 722 (in English).

10. What are we going to do?

11. How does Jehovah look after us in spirit?

12-13. How can we overcome evil desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

GOVERNMENT OF THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY

Jehovah uses his organization to provide us with many things at the right time to provide for our spiritual needs.

(See note 15)

14 His holy spirit. Jehovah also uses his spirit to empower us to do evil deeds and indulge in evil thoughts. If we constantly ask Jehovah to give us the holy spirit, he will give it to us. (Luke 11:9-13) How can the Holy Spirit help us? The Apostle Paul said: “Walk in the spirit, and then you will not follow the lusts of the flesh.” (Galatians 5:16) A commentary on this passage in the Bible Study Bible says: “A man who walks in the spirit discerns the guidance of God’s spirit and allows it to influence his thoughts and actions. Even if he is overwhelmed by evil desires, he will endure, and he will not be overwhelmed by them.” Jehovah’s spirit does not give way to evil desires. But it can help us to be more determined to do what is necessary to overcome evil desires, and that will give us spiritual pleasure.

15 His organization. Jehovah uses his organization to provide us with spiritual support at the right time. Consider this: Because we are imperfect and sinful, we are sometimes affected by unhealthy thoughts and emotions. For example, our thoughts and emotions are often influenced by our thoughts and emotions of others.

14. How does the Holy Spirit help us?

15. How does Jehovah’s organization take care of us spiritually? (See also the pictures.)

SEPTEMBER 2026

5

(Matt. 4:3; 6:13) God’s organization teaches us many things that help us be confident that Jehovah takes away our sins, forgives us, and provides for our needs. (Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Have you ever read something in our books that moved you so much that you thought, ‘This is written to me.’ Keep in mind that God gives us these gifts at the right time so that He can provide us with spiritual support.

16 Even when it comes to physical pleasure, Jehovah is concerned that his people will not be abandoned forever by the evildoers. However, sometimes he allows the evildoers to use even a few of his servants to prove that Satan is a liar. (Revelation 2:10; 6:9) But Satan does not want to see that. He is so angry that he wants to destroy all his faithful servants. (Matt. 24:9; Revelation 12:9-12) Nevertheless, we can be sure that Jehovah is using his servants to watch over his servants’ lives so that they may continue to serve him and preach the good news.—Hebrews 1:7, 14.

17 Jehovah has given us many good advice in the Bible, and if we obey his laws and avoid things that are harmful to our body or health, that is one way in which he takes care of us. (Deut. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) But we know that, as individuals, God does not forgive every evil that may happen to us. If he does forgive us in these matters, Satan’s delusion that God’s servants obey him because he does not forgive evil will seem true. (Job 1:10, 11) But we have learned that the key message in the Bible, the warning of Jehovah’s name, is the reason why rebellious and wicked people are “returning and turning away” from his servants. (Rom. 9:22) However, Jehovah will soon remove all the troubles of his people, and even now, he helps us to endure any difficult situations that come our way, so that we can remain close to him.—1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

WHAT DOES GOD DO WITH US?

(Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Jehovah will send Jesus Christ and his angels to bring his people back from the hands of God’s enemies. This will be the beginning of the battle of Armageddon. (Deut. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah look after his people during the battle of Armageddon?

19 Let us not be afraid of the destruction of this evil world in the battle of Armageddon

16. (a) What causes some of Jehovah’s servants to leave, and why? (b) What do we expect?

17. Why do we not see an opportunity now for Jehovah to look after us in every difficult situation?

18. How will Jehovah look at his people in the future?

19-20. Why should we not be afraid when Jesus and his armies come to destroy God’s enemies in the battle of Armageddon? (See also the picture below.)

APPENDIX 6

When Jesus and his followers will fight God’s enemies in the battle of Armageddon, not one of them will survive.... During that battle, not one of God’s precious animals will be destroyed by human or demon enemies.

Why should we be afraid? Because we know that Jehovah is our savior and our stronghold, we have complete confidence that when Jesus and his followers fight God’s evildoers in the battle of Armageddon, not one of them will be left alive. (Jer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) During that battle, not one of God’s most precious creatures will be destroyed by human or demonic enemies.—Luke 21:28; 2 Peter 2:9.

20 During the battle of Armageddon, the words of God’s spirit might come true: “Thou shalt not be overcome by the army, nor by the thousands, but thou shalt not be overcome. Thou shalt see with thine eyes, and thou shalt see how the wicked are destroyed. For thou hast said, ‘The Lord is my shelter,’ and hast taken the former shelter in thy place.” (Ps. 91:7-9) During the battle of Armageddon, we can see how Jehovah looks at people in terms of their faces, spirits, and emotions. Not only does he look at them as wicked, but he looks at individuals as well. Because you say, ‘Jehovah is your refuge,’ he has promised that he “will not let you down.” Therefore, we do not have to be afraid of what will happen in the future. We have complete confidence that if we continue to rely on Jehovah, he will protect us.

WHAT IS IN THE PHOTOS: In the battle of Armageddon, Jesus and his disciples will stand for God’s people.

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ What kind of happiness does Jehovah promise in Psalm 91?

■ How does Jehovah look at us now?

■ How Will Jehovah Look at Us in the Future?

CHAPTER 8 Jehovah Will Never Die

NOVEMBER 9-15, 2026

CHAPTER 36 We’ll Be Safe

This story will help us to put our hearts to Jehovah.

Ale Si Míana “Dzi Đoto” Nanɔ Mía Si

“Let your servant be comforted.”—1 PHILIPPIANS 3:9.

There are a number of reasons why people trust their leaders. Many people do so because they want to attract attention or because they feel that they are being watched. In the case of faith in God, some people do things to attract people’s attention. That’s how religious leaders did when Jesus was on earth. (Matt. 23:5) But one of the reasons why we trust Jehovah is because we believe in him.

The Israelites relied on the Lord's authority, which made the Egyptians very angry.

(See note 3)

(Exodus 12:5, 7) Then the angel of the LORD would come to the houses where the blood was poured on the doorposts, and there would be no human or animal presence in those houses. But it was difficult for the Israelites to do so. Why? Because the Egyptians considered the blood of the sheep sacred and worshipped it. So the Israelites thought that if the Egyptians saw them, they would fight with them. (Exodus 8:25-27) However, the Israelites found it important to obey, and ‘they did exactly as the Lord commanded them.’ (Exodus 12:28) Therefore, the Lord looked upon all their leaders.

4 At that time, the Israelites were going down from Egypt. The Lord had told them to leave the valley of the Euphrates, but afterwards he sent a prophet who made them think twice. He told them to turn back and bury their graves in a place between the sea and the mountains. The place where the Lord had placed the graves in the valley of the Euphrates was a place of trouble for the Israelites, and Pharaoh’s troops could easily get over them. Nevertheless, the Israelites listened to the word that the Lord had spoken to Moses. (Exodus 14:1-4) But when the Israelites saw the Egyptians there, they ‘disturbed themselves’ and told Moses that he had brought them there to die! (Exodus 14:5-11) Why did the Israelites trust Jehovah, and how did Jehovah view their actions?

5 The Bible says that at the time of the Great Depression, the Israelites “did not appreciate the wonders that Jehovah had done” in Egypt; they “remembered not” his many loving-kindnesses. (Read Psalm 106:7.) Although they saw how Jehovah had treated their leaders when he had caused the Egyptians so many hardships, they failed to recognize the great love he had shown them in that event, and they insisted that he would not take them away. Jehovah noticed their attitude, and he said that “they were afraid... of the Great Depression.” After some time, Jehovah came to the seed and did not let them go to the Promised Land. (Ps. 106:21, 24-26) What does this mean for us?

4. What did Jehovah promise the Israelites in Moab?

5. Why was Jehovah not pleased with the Israelites in the desert? (Psalm 106:7)

SEPTEMBER 2026

9

HOW TO GET THE BEST OUT OF YOUR ISRAELI STUDIES

6 The history of the Israelites shows us that it is important to reflect on the reasons why we trust Jehovah and those who are appointed to lead us. For example, we may ask ourselves, “Am I not trusting Jehovah when I know that he will work for me?” This may have led some Israelites to rely on their predecessors because they feared that their predecessors would die. We may ask ourselves, ‘Is it because of this that I disbelieve in Jehovah that others are acting against me?’ When the Israelites were in Egypt, Jehovah was with “the Egyptians against the people.” (Exodus 12:36) But later, when the Egyptians were displeased with them, they turned away from Jehovah and became angry. (Exodus 14:10-12) Instead of following the example of the Israelites, we should trust Jehovah and those he sends before us. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) We should be willing to act on every encouragement we receive, even if we don’t understand the reason for it or even if it appeals to people who don’t love Jehovah. What will help us to avoid making mistakes like the Israelites, and how can we be confident in ourselves?

7 And let your love for Jehovah grow. If we receive guidance from Jehovah’s organization, it can help us to remain steadfast when things seem unsuccessful or difficult for us. If we feel that way, we need to remember that we are steadfast because we love Jehovah so much. (1 John 5:3) If we truly love Jehovah, we will be willing to accept this. However, let us be sure that it may take some time before we notice the good things that come out of our steadfastness.—Deuteronomy 7:8; Micah 7:7.

8 However, many of our brothers and sisters set a good example; they are willing to help their brothers and sisters even when they don’t understand the reasons for their decisions. For example, during the pandemic, the Directorate and sister congregations decided to hold their meetings by video link. A sister in Peru said: “But I don’t think it would be wrong for the brothers and sisters in our neighborhoods to attend their meetings by video link.” Although she didn’t fully understand the reasons, she remained faithful and trusted God. (Luke 3:5, 6) Why? She said: “I see how Jehovah trusts us when we trust him. The brothers and sisters have become closer and more devoted to Jehovah.” Consider this example. In 2020, the organization made a change in the relationship between local churches and sisters. When a sister in Japan learned that a sister she was concerned about had been murdered, she said: “I didn’t want to accept the change and give up my love for her. I knew that this change would make a big difference.”

9 Be prepared for adversity. We must be prepared so that we can continue to preach the Kingdom when we are threatened. In many countries, governments do not allow us to preach. But we must be prepared before we can speak to God.

6. What do we do when we rely entirely on Jehovah? —Jeremiah 23:4.

7. How does it help us to show that we love Jehovah?

8. How did a brother and sister decide to be faithful?

9. What can we do now to continue to respond when they come to us? (See also the picture.)

APPENDIX 10

We will continue to preach the good news of the Kingdom until the world is destroyed at Armageddon. (Matt. 24:14) Also, during the Great Tribulation, the message that we preach will be challenged, and people will have to change their minds if they want to live in God’s Kingdom for some or all of their lives. We will preach to those who reject Jehovah by “spouting lies.” * (Revelation 16:21) There is no doubt that Jehovah’s people will be punished just as Pharaoh was punished at the Great Plague. We can prepare ourselves for the consequences of our actions in the future if we obey the rule of preaching even when people are not treating us well at the moment.

HOW TO FOLLOW YEHOSHAFAT EYE NÀÐO TO JEHOVA

10 The Bible tells us about men and women who trusted Jehovah. One of them was Jehoshaphat, King of Judah, who ruled when three nations were attacking Judah. It is clear that Jehoshaphat and his people were afraid of Jehovah. (2 Chron. 20:1-3) Even though he was afraid of Jehovah, he did not give up. Now let’s look at how Jehoshaphat trusted Jehovah and how we can learn from him.

11 Try to seek Jehovah’s help and continue to do so. When Jehoshaphat was afflicted, he “set his heart to seek Jehovah.” (2 Chron. 20:3) This was not the first time that Jehoshaphat turned to Jehovah for help. (2 Chron. 19:3) When his enemies attacked him, he knew that only Jehovah could help him in his difficult situation. He was determined to seek Jehovah’s help, and he was happy to do what his enemies asked him to do. Therefore, Jehoshaphat prayed earnestly to Jehovah for help. —Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12. We can pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray,

* See “Questions from Readers” in the August 2025 Watch Tower.

10. How did King Jehoshaphat feel when three nations attempted to invade Judah?

11. What did Jehoshaphat do after he was killed? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

If we act now, we will be prepared for future crises (see note 9)

11

Self-reliant emitters trust Jehovah, the organization, and other emitters.

(See note 16)

And we will be sure that he will help us.—Ps. 119:112.

12 Keep studying the Bible. The words that Jehoshaphat spoke when he left showed that he knew a lot about what Jehovah had done. He had fulfilled his promise to Abraham that he would give his descendants a good land. (Genesis 12:7) Jehoshaphat’s words contrasted with Solomon’s prayer about the temple. (2 Chronicles 6:28-30; 20:5-9) The words that Jehoshaphat spoke about Jehovah helped him become more committed and determined to obey. We can also help ourselves make a commitment to trust Jehovah by putting more of ourselves into “the preparation of the way.” This means continuing to learn more of the Bible in addition to what we already know. (Matt. 13:52) If we do this, we will make a commitment to trust Jehovah even in difficult circumstances.

13 Be humble. When Jehoshaphat died, we saw that he was a man of humility. He was a king with many servants, but he did not rely on his own power to help his enemies. Rather, his death in the presence of the people showed that he was convinced that they needed God’s help. (2 Chron. 20:12) Because of his humility, it was easy for him to act against Jehovah’s servants. If we humble ourselves, we will be more willing to submit to Jehovah quickly.—Phil. 2:5, 8.

14 Consider the power of your actions on others. Jehovah answered Jehoshaphat’s prayer. He sent the prophet Jahaziel to tell him what he should do. Jahaziel told the people that they were not in danger. He said to them, “Go back to your places, and see how Jehovah will be with you.” The Bible says that Jehoshaphat immediately “stood up.” The whole people also “stood up... and turned to Jehovah.” The day after the rebels left, the king encouraged the people to “obey Jehovah your God” and “obey the prophets.”—2 Chron. 20:14-20.

12. What can help us make a firm decision to continue to trust Jehovah?

13. If we humble ourselves, what will it do to us?

14. What did Jehoshaphat do when Jehovah sent a prophet through him?

APPENDIX 12

15 Jehoshaphat showed great faith when he ordered his people to “put their hearts before the people and their hearts before Jehovah.” (2 Chron. 20:21) Before doing so, Jehoshaphat “convinced the people.” This was a great example of how he encouraged the people to trust in Jehovah and to obey him! When they trusted in Jehovah and obeyed him, he gave them the victory over their enemies.—2 Chron. 20:22-24.

16 Elders, parents, and other leaders can learn from the example of Jehoshaphat. His heartfelt commitment inspired his followers. He did the same as King Solomon. When Solomon was faithful to Jehovah, he asked God to give him the strength to judge the people in the way Jehovah wanted him to judge them. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Jehoshaphat himself trusted in the prophet Jehovah had sent him. He spoke to the people beforehand. He encouraged them to follow Jehovah and his commandments. Elders who are self-centered learn from Jehoshaphat’s example. They seek guidance from God’s Word and our books, and consult with other preachers before deciding what to say. (Luc. 15:22) By their actions and manners, they show that they care about the leaders of the organization, and they encourage their brothers to do the same. When parents also care, they set a good example for their children.—Luc. 1:8; 14:1.

17 We can rest assured that if we truly trust Jehovah, he will help us in every situation. He will show us the way to those we need to follow, just as he did in the past. Even if we sometimes don’t understand why he gives us guidance, we shouldn’t give up. Jehovah’s wisdom and his ways are ahead of us. (Isaiah 55:9) All we have to do is continue to truly trust him.

15. What did Jehoshaphat do to convince the king to turn to Jehovah?

16. What can elders, parents, and elder brothers learn from Jehoshaphat? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also picture.)

17. Why should we always trust Jehovah with all our heart?

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ What do we learn from what happened to the Israelites when they came out of Egypt?

■ How did Jehoshaphat demonstrate that he was ‘in his heart’?

■ What do you learn from the good example of Jehoshaphat?

HADZIDZI 88

Na Manya Wò Mɔwo

NOVEMBER 16-22, 2026

ARTICLE 84 What Do We Do?

In this article, we will look at how the prophecy in Zechariah 8:23 is being fulfilled, and the efforts of Jehovah’s people to make the good news known to people of all languages.

Jehovah’s Witnesses Speak New Languages in “Local Languages”

“Seven men from all the tongues of the nations will come to the ashes of one Jew.”—ZEC. 8:23.

(Genesis 11:6-9) However, Jehovah has revealed that his plan is to gather a “great multitude” of people “from every nation, and from every country, and from every native, and from every tongue,” so that they may survive the great tribulation and go to the new world. (Revelation 7:9, 10, 14) How would people of different languages call on Jehovah’s name during the great tribulation if no one preached to them? (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) So it is a great opportunity for us to help others learn the good news so that they can accept Jehovah and be saved!

2 Centuries before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, the spirit of Jehovah foretold through the prophet Zechariah that “many nations will be united to Jehovah, and a nation will be made.” (Zechariah 2:11) Then Zechariah foretold: “Thus says the Lord of hosts: ‘In those days six men from all the tongues of the nations will come to one Jew, saying, ‘Let us go with you, for we have seen that God is with you.’” (Zechariah 8:23)

1. Why is it important to preach the good news to people in their own language? (Romans 10:13, 14) 2. What word did God’s spirit prophesy through the prophet Zechariah?

14

This prophecy is true in our day. Let us see how each of us can contribute to the fulfillment of this prophecy.

NOTE ON ‘THE SECURITY OF THE DOCUMENTS IN THE SECURITY OF THE DOCUMENTS IN THE SECURITY OF THE DOCUMENTS IN THE SECURITY OF THE DOCUMENTS IN THE SECURITY OF THE DOCUMENTS IN THE SECURITY OF THE DOCUMENTS IN THE SECURITY OF THE DOCUMENTS IN THE SECURITY OF THE DOCUMENT

3 The “Judah” Zechariah spoke of in his prophecy represents a group of people who will be filled with God’s holy spirit. They are the Bible’s “Israel of God.” (Gal. 6:16) They will sit on the throne with Jesus. (Heb. 3:1) “These people” represent Jehovah’s servants who are looking forward to eternal life in Paradise on earth. They are a variety of people from different nations.

4 In 1919, a group of brothers whom Christ called “faithful and wise servants” recognized the need to spread the good news to all nations, which required the translation of the Bible into many languages. (Matt. 24:45) By that time, Bible Students were already showing the “Photo-Drama of Creation” in various countries, but the faithful servants saw the need to do more. For example, in 1921, the Bible study book The Word of God was published in 36 languages. In 1935, a group of prophecies predicted that a “great man” would live on earth forever, and this led to a rapid increase in the number of prophecies. As a result, during those years, Jehovah began a worldwide ministry to fulfill the prophecy of Zechariah.

“WÒ DUKƆ ATSƆ WO ƉOKUIWO ANA FAA”

5 As the good news continued to spread, many happy people were found among those who spoke different languages. As the Bible predicts, people from all over the world turned to the good news and wanted to serve Jehovah. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) To help all these people, God’s people “give themselves up” in the preaching work. Not only do they translate our books into different languages, publish them, and deliver them to different parts of the world. (Ps. 68:11; 110:3) In addition, brothers and sisters who are computer scientists and consultants have taken advantage of technologies such as jw.org and JW Library®, which have helped people in different languages learn more about the Bible.

6 People from all nations and languages are benefiting from the spiritual nourishment provided by our faithful and wise counselors. One way they show their appreciation of the spiritual nourishment is by willingly contributing to the worldwide ministry. This has enabled us to publish our books in more than 1,100 languages, and hundreds of thousands of people are converted every year.

7 Jehovah’s Witnesses Have Five Kinds of Inheritance

3. Who is the “Judas” represented by, and who are the “five men” represented by?

4. What happened after Jesus completed the “work of the faithful and wise” in 1919?

5-6. How is the prophecy in Isaiah 2:2-4 fulfilled today? (See also picture.)

7. When we see how the prophecy in Revelation 14:6 is being fulfilled, what influence does it have on us?

SEPTEMBER 2026 15

The spiritual food that the wise and wise man eats is beneficial to doctors of all nations and languages.

(See notes 5-6)

God’s servants help us to preach “eternal good news to every nation, and to every people, and to every tongue, and to every language.” (Read Revelation 14:6.) When we see how the prophecies in the books of Zechariah and Revelation are being fulfilled, we become more confident in the prophecies of the Bible, and we are assured that this organization is being used by Jehovah to spread the good news throughout the world.

WHAT DO WE KNOW ABOUT GOD AND HIMSELF?

8 On the day of Pentecost in AD 33, Jehovah made Jesus’ disciples in Jerusalem speak different languages. (Acts 2:4-10) Why did he do this? At that time, people from all over the world were coming to worship in the temple in Jerusalem, and Jehovah wanted them to preach the good news to them in their own language. (Acts 2:11) However, because our books are in different languages, we can help people who speak other languages learn about Jehovah.

9 It is important that people hear the good news on the day they see it. Consider this example: Let’s say someone is traveling but he is busy and needs to go to bed. If it is a public holiday, someone needs to explain to him what the doctor is telling him to do to make him feel better. Yet today, many people are suffering and in need of comfort and guidance. What helps them is in the Bible. When we bring people to the church, we work with them to make them feel better.

8. What happened on Pentecost in AD 33?

9. How can we help foreign doctors read the good news?

Appendix 16

We have a variety of resources that we can use to help them learn the life-changing message of the Bible in their own lives. These include videos, printed materials, and web pages.

10 How can we use our books and the JW Library software to preach to people who speak other languages? Consider the example of Brother Robert, who speaks English. One day, while he was preaching in a neighborhood, he was approached by a man from Turkey who was working as an electrician. The man didn’t speak English well, but he was willing to give him a booklet entitled The Good News from God! in Turkish. Because Robert knew the words of the booklet well, he was able to read some of the passages in the booklet. Robert used the JW Library app to translate the answers from the Bible into Turkish. The man remarked: “It’s as if you’ve seen us before!” Robert later said: “The man and I met as if we were friends. As we met, I noticed that he became more interested in Bible study, and that he liked him in many ways.” It’s a great opportunity for us to help people of good will learn the Bible in their own language!

11 Even if we only send a tract or a jw.org newsletter to someone in their home, a lot of good things can happen, so we encourage you to be prepared to use these ways of communicating with someone you don’t like.

10-11. What have you learned from Brother Robert’s story and the section entitled “An Opportunity for Every Elder”?

The Life of a New Kind of Thumbs Up

Su Sitsoƒedila Aɖe Si

A woman named Youa suffered a lot in her life. She was forced to leave her family and move to the United States. She spoke Hmong, but did not speak English. Her husband did not allow her to read any books, not even the Bible. She said: “I am always in a hurry and I am sad.” One day, an English-speaking sister gave her a tract in Hmong titled “The Promise of Peace in the Seventh-day Adventist Church.” As Youa read the tract, she saw God’s promises for the future in the Bible. She did not look at them. The words strengthened her hope for a better future. She hid the tract in her closet. One of Youa’s daughters accepted the truth and took her to a Hmong-language church meeting. Jehovah’s Witnesses studied the Bible with Youa, and she eventually joined the congregation.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17

PLEASE FOLLOW GOD'S WAY WITH THE WORDS DOME

12 The work of translators is beneficial to all of us. From time to time, translators have worked hard to translate the Bible into different languages so that more people can read God’s Word in their own language.* Nowadays, the Sea Scriptures—The New International Version has been translated into many languages, helping Jehovah’s servants around the world to learn the truth of God’s Word. Note what a missionary in Nepal said about the translation: “When I read the Bible in my own language, it seemed to me as if Jehovah was speaking to me. It has made my relationship with God closer, and my faith has grown.” The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has been translated into more than 300 languages. Its accurate, easy-to-understand interpretation of the truth about Jehovah has also helped to ensure that Jehovah’s Witnesses around the world share the same beliefs and doctrines. (1 Cor. 1:10) However, there are other positive aspects to this translation of the Bible.

13 God’s name, Jehovah, does not appear in most Bible translations today, but it appears in thousands of the Septuagint. For more than a century now, God’s name has been found in many Bibles, especially in the Hebrew Bible. However, today, religious leaders who claim to be God’s representatives do not use God’s name, nor do they want people to know it. For example, Catholic leaders have removed God’s name from their Bibles and other books.* Many other churches have also removed God’s name from their Bible translations. However, in the Septuagint, the name of God was removed from all the places where it appeared in the earlier manuscripts of the Bible. This means that God’s name appears in all the languages into which the Septuagint has been translated. Let’s see why this is important.

14 The Bible uses various words to emphasize the importance of using God’s name. For example, in the Psalms, it urges his servants to “honour the name of Jehovah.” (Ps. 135:1) When Jesus instructed his disciples how to pray to Jehovah, he instructed them to say: “In your name be it done.” Later, when Jesus prayed to his Father, he said: “Let them not know your name.” (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) The apostle Paul and the prophet Joel said: “Whoever calls on the name of Jehovah will be rejected.” (Rom. 10:13) Those who use translations of the Bible that exclude God’s name are unable to make sense of these different words in the Bible.

* The Hebrew Bible was first translated into Greek around 150 B.C.E.

* In 2008, a Catholic leader known as Pope Benedict Wuiadelia declared that no one “should use” the name of God in Catholic practices, sermons, or prayers, nor “should they mention the name.” See also The Observer, October 1, 1997, pp. 16-18, notes 4-8.

12. How does the New World Translation of the Bible benefit Jehovah’s people?

13. Why does God’s name not appear in many Bibles today?

14. According to the Bible, why is it important to know and use God’s name?

Annex 18

15 Most Jehovah’s Witnesses read the New International Version of the Bible in their native language. This Bible translation helps them to understand the truth about Jehovah, which leads them to love and trust him.—Luke 18:10; Isaiah 56:6.

16 The Bible predicts that soon Jehovah will come to “the kings of the whole earth.” (Deut. 16:14) At that time, Jehovah will see those who know him and are faithful to his name. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3.) But those who refuse to accept Jehovah’s promise will eventually know that he is the Almighty God when he comes to them. Jehovah himself has said: “I will exalt myself, and I will show myself, and I will be known in the sight of many nations; and they shall know that I am Jehovah.” (Ezek. 38:23.) Jehovah’s followers will be delighted to know that Jehovah God is their Friend, not their enemy!—Mal. 3:16.

17 It is a great pleasure for us to contribute to the ever-increasing worldwide ministry described in Zechariah 8:23. However, we are delighted to work face-to-face with our brothers and sisters in many languages. Jehovah gives us the resources we need to reach people from every nation, every tribe, and every language. So let us continue to use these resources to help more people understand that Jehovah is a merciful, caring, and non-particular God, so that they may return to worship him. It is a great opportunity for us to continue to preach until all people know Jehovah’s name and the truth about him.—Luke 11:2.

15. How do Jehovah’s servants feel about his name?

16. Why is it so important for people to ask Jehovah now? (John 17:3)

17. What great opportunity do we have?

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ Who are the “Judaean” and the “six men” referred to in Zechariah 8:23 representing?

■ What does it mean for people around the world to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why is it important for people to know and use Jehovah’s name?

ARTICLE 57 Helping Our Neighbors

NOVEMBER 23-29, 2026

The Journey of Jehovah's Witnesses Is a Journey of Love

HADZIDZI 107

A God-given example of love

TAŊODZINUA

This story will help us to understand how Jehovah’s arrangement of priests applies to us today.

“Every minister whom they appoint from among men, they appoint to do the service of God among men.”—HEB 5:1.

(Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) In other words, sin is like a glass that separates us from God, and there is nothing we can do about it on our own. Without God’s help, we can never find true joy in life. And there is no hope for us. What does Jehovah do to help us?

2 Jehovah made a great arrangement to free us from our sinful state. He appointed leaders and rulers over Israel. Then He appointed Jesus as Ruler over the church of Christ. Jesus is still our Ruler today. In this article, we will look at how Jehovah’s ruling system worked for His people in the past. We will also look at how today’s ruling system works for us now and how it will work for us in the future. First, we will look at how Jehovah’s ruling system shows how much He loves us.

HOW THE WORSHIP OF GOD’S WORSHIP WAS VISITING BLEMA ISRAEL DUKOA

3 The Apostle Paul, inspired by the Spirit of God, explained why God had appointed priests to the nation of Israel. (Read Hebrews 5:1.) It was because God wanted them to be close to him that he appointed the Apostle “to do the service of God among the people.”

1. Why do all human beings need help?

2. What will we study in this chapter?

3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how does the order of priests affect true servants? (See also the picture.)

20

Like the relationship between God and man, the order of the priests is the necessary guidance.

(See note 3)

They were sinners, but their service was to Jehovah. In this way, the chief priest and the other priests became like the priests of mankind in their service to God.

4 How did the priests help the Israelites to choose Jehovah and their service to Him? They did so in two main ways. First, the priests are God’s servants and human beings, according to the doctrine they teach. How did they do this? Malachi 2:7 says: “The priest’s head is to prepare wisdom, and in his head is the will of the people, for he is the man of Jehovah of hosts.” Therefore, the priests’ job is to teach the Israelites the Law of Moses, and to help them understand and follow it. For example, in the days of Nehemiah, 13 sons of Levi helped the priest Ezra to prepare the Law of God for the people. They were translated and interpreted so that the people could understand what they were reading. This helped the Israelites to obey God’s laws and turn to Jehovah.—Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

⁵ Second, priests served in the place of human beings in God’s sight. Why? They took the place of the people in God’s sight by offering livestock for the people so that God could atone for their sins. The Israelites knew that they were sick every day, and therefore needed help to atone for their sins. (Ps. 51:9) Jehovah’s arrangement for priests to sacrifice livestock met this need. It is not surprising that the Israelites who wanted to worship Jehovah felt that God had forgiven their sins! Through the priests’ arrangement, we learn that Jehovah loved his people, that his anger turned to them, that he cared for them, and that he was eager to deliver them.

HOW TO READ THE BIBLE WITH YOU'S OWN EYES

⁶ From time immemorial, Jehovah desires peace with his faithful servants

4. What important task did Jehovah assign to the nobles of Israel?

5. How did kings take the place of humans in God’s sight, and what does this tell us about Jehovah?

6. In the days of our ancestors, what did the priests do that matched the priests?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

In the days of our ancestors, before Israel became a nation, it was common for families to make sacrifices for themselves and their relatives. For example, when Noah was in the ark, they had to make sacrifices to Jehovah. (Genesis 8:20) Abraham built altars to make sacrifices to Jehovah. (Genesis 12:7, 8) Job also made sacrifices for his sons. (Job 1:5) That is why Jehovah appointed some of his servants to be rulers before he appointed the sons of Levi to be rulers over Israel. Jehovah said: “Let the rulers [of the crowd], who have come closer to Jehovah, take care of themselves, lest Jehovah forsake them.”—Exodus 19:22.

7 Melchizedek was the first person the Bible refers to as a ruler. (Genesis 14:18) He was also a ruler and not a king. Jehovah later promised that the Messiah would be a king and ruler like Melchizedek, and that a part of the Messiah’s rule would last forever.—Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 As we have already mentioned, when the Israelites became Jehovah’s people, Jehovah appointed priests over them and gave Moses the Law for them. Moses’ brother Aaron and his descendants were appointed to be priests. (Exodus 40:12-15) The priests’ work is to make offerings. The priests make offerings for the whole people, and the other priests make offerings for the individual Israelites. Other Levites do different work to assist the priests. Jehovah gave the priests instructions about the offerings they should make, how they should do them and for what purposes. The offerings that Jehovah made were a reward for what he would do in the future.

7. Who was Melchizedek, and what distinguishes him from the Messiah?

8. Who were the rulers of Israel, and what did they do?

9 After Jesus was baptized, he became the King, and he is serving in Jehovah’s great spiritual temple. (Heb. 8:1) A few years later, he gave his entire life as a sacrifice to atone for the sins of mankind. His sacrifice is far greater than the sacrifices of the priests of Israel. Jesus is still our King, and he remains as our gateway to Jehovah. (Heb. 9:24) When our King Jesus comes to reign on earth, the 144,000 will also be kings and priests who will serve him. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) When they are raised from the dead, they will work with Jehovah and Jesus to help mankind become perfect and to prepare the earth for a paradise. We look forward to the time when they will be able to do so!

10 As we have seen, from time immemorial, Jehovah has created the system of kings to help people to stand up to him. The kings’ sacrifices were a reminder to the faithful Israelites that they needed to die. Jehovah will continue to use the system of kings in the Redemptive Kingdom of Christ until mankind is complete. At that time, there will be no barrier between man and God, so the system of kings will no longer be needed. How does the difference in the system of kings draw us closer to Jehovah? Let’s see.

WHAT THE STUDY OF THE BIBLE TEACHES US ABOUT GOD

11 From the order of the priests we see that the Lord desires to be between him and his people.

9-10. Who Will Be the Leaders Who Will Assist Jesus in the One-Year Relief Kingdom?

11. How does the order of the kings show that Jehovah wants us to help him?

22 SECTION 1

(2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that it is not our own fault that we have become sinners, but that we have hurt him. Therefore, he has compassion on us. That’s why he has made arrangements for us to come to him. Doesn’t that work for you? Surely it will help you to love him even more.

12 Jesus also wants us to have a good relationship with Jehovah. The Bible says that Christ, our Savior, is “our Advocate [from] the Father,” who takes care of us when we are in need. (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25.) What does Jesus look at before he looks at you? That means he looks at your childhood, your experiences in life, your health, your troubles, and other things that upset you. He also looks at your good qualities, all the good things you do, and how you are serving Jehovah faithfully. Jesus knows what you are going through, how you feel about yourself, how you constantly pray for God to forgive you for your sins, and how hard you try to do so. Therefore, we can be sure that God will willingly accept Christ’s sacrifice for us and have mercy on us by forgiving our sins. (Ps. 86:5) We can be sure of this because God Himself appointed Jesus to be our Advocate who will forgive us.

12. Why is it so comforting that Jesus, the Savior, sacrificed himself for us? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also the pictures.)

Our Savior Jesus appreciates the good deeds we do; he knows how we are motivated to do them, how we ask Jehovah to use us and how hard we try to do them (See note 12)

13 The work of priests helps us to know that Jehovah wants us to pray to him. (Read Hebrews 4:16.) Because Jesus is our Savior, he also gives us the opportunity to speak openly to him. Jehovah is willing to answer our prayers. When we pray to him, he shows that we are willing to listen to him. Sometimes it may be difficult to express ourselves in prayer. Sometimes we are so overwhelmed that we don’t know exactly what we are praying for. (Rom. 8:26) Even in these circumstances, Jehovah knows what we are going through and supports us. He is our loving Father who is with us on earth, so we need to be able to talk to him about all our feelings.

(Ezek. 33:11) The sacrifices that were made by the servants of God in the past could not take away their sins forever. (Heb. 7:19) But these sacrifices are the perfect payment for the sacrifice of Christ Jesus. This makes it easy for God to take away our sins. It also provides a way for those who trust in God to enjoy eternal life. Doesn’t it make sense to you that God has made this arrangement so that people can live forever?—1 John 4:10.

15 The people whom God has chosen to be his kings have shown us how much he loves us. Just like Jesus, all believers must continue to be faithful to death. (Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) Yes, they must be faithful to Jehovah, and that faithfulness will spread to all people. Therefore, we can rest assured that in the Salvation Kingdom, they will lovefully help us to do what is right and righteous, to become perfect. They will help us to be freed from the sin that we inherited from Adam and Eve forever. All these good things will be possible because of Jesus’ sacrifice. Jesus and his rulers will help us until all mankind is perfected in the way Jehovah intends it to be.—Revelation 22:1, 2.

16 Christ, our Savior, is aware of the difficulties we are facing, and has compassion for us because he himself experienced them when he was on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Consider these questions: Do you sometimes feel angry? Think of Jesus. (John 4:6) Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed? Think of Jesus. (Matthew 4:2; John 19:28) Are you humiliated or abused because of your faith? It happened to Jesus too. (Isaiah 50:6; John 15:20) Did someone you cared about die? Jesus’ friend Lazarus died, and perhaps Joseph, who had taken care of him, also died. Since our Savior Jesus Christ experienced the circumstances in which we are, we are assured that He understands us and has compassion on us.

17 And the hundred and forty-four thousand ministers, who were sinners and wicked men when they were on the earth, knowing how it is to die, and how it is to live, when they work with Jesus for the redemption of mankind,

13. For what other reason did Jehovah choose Jesus as our Savior, and how does this affect us as we worship Him? (Hebrews 4:16)

14. How does Jesus’ sacrifice show that Jehovah wants us to live forever?

15. How do those whom Jehovah chooses to serve in the Kingdom show that he loves us?

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 show that Jehovah’s chosen Savior is right?

17. Why can we be sure that God’s angels understand humans when they are helping them to become perfect?

24 GB BETA BLOOD

The 144,000 people who have been diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease have experienced the physical and mental effects of the disease. They are people from different times, different countries, different backgrounds, and different circumstances of life. However, no matter what you do, you know that one out of every 144,000 people has experienced it.

18 All of the things we have learned from Jehovah’s system of priests show that he loves people, that he is always willing to change his mind about them, that he cares about them, and that he knows what they are up to. Our enemy, Satan, always wants to come at us, but God does not. (Deuteronomy 12:10) From this lesson, we have learned that Jehovah has made many arrangements for us to be able to be his friends to those who are far away from him. Hasn’t that shown you that Jehovah loves you and is eager to forgive your sins? And hasn’t that made you love him too?

19 Jehovah’s system of priests ensures that when we feel that we are worthless because of our sins, he understands our condition. (Ps. 103:14) He is not concerned with our sins, but with our good qualities and the person we strive to become. If we are concerned only with our sins and our sins, we need to remember that Jehovah “is greater than our hearts, and knows all things.”—1 John 3:20.

20 We also learned that Jehovah made the order of priests so that we could serve him and be close to him. He wants us to be close to him. This kind relationship between God and his faithful servants makes it easier for us to be close to him. It helps us to follow the advice in Hebrews 4:16, which says: “Let us be encouraged to pray to the angel, so that he may have mercy on us and help us when we are in need.”

18. What does Jehovah’s arrangement of kings tell us about his future, and how does it affect you?

19. If we feel like we are in nothing, how does Jehovah look at us?

20. Why did it come to your mind that Jehovah made the order of the kings, and what did you decide to do?

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ Why did Jehovah make the order of kings for mankind?

■ Which servants did Jehovah use at different times?

■ How does the order of priests affect your relationship with Jehovah?

CHAPTER 16 His Vision of the Messiah’s Kingdom

NOVEMBER 30–DECEMBER 6, 2026

ARTICLE 22 God’s Plan for the World—Neva Dzro!

This story will help us identify three things that can damage us and how we can deal with them.

Don’t Let the “Spirit of Satan” Affect You

“Nothing that is in the world... comes from the Father.”—1 JOHN 2:16.

(Deuteronomy 12:12, 13, 17) That doesn’t mean that Satan himself is everywhere in the world at all times. In fact, the Bible doesn’t say that this authority belongs to faithful angels or demons. However, some of the evil demons are under Satan’s control. (Deuteronomy 12:9) And there is something else that Satan uses everywhere: he is the spirit of the world. This spirit has power over most people, even when they don’t realize it. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) Even people who do not believe that Satan exists do things like this when they are influenced by the spirit of the world. The Bible describes these people as “those whom Satan leads to do his will.”—2 Timothy 2:26.

2 Of course, many of us have lived like the majority of people in the world. But when we come across someone who influences their attitudes and actions, what changes do we make? We follow the Bible’s advice to “deliver ourselves from sinfulness and the lusts of the world.” (Titus 2:11, 12) This means that even though Satan has power and influences people in the world to do what he wants, we are submissive to him and Jehovah is helping us.—James 4:7, 8.

1. How does Satan influence many people in the world today? (1 John 2:15, 16)

2-3. (a) What difference is there between Jehovah’s servants and those who are influenced by ‘the spirit of the world’? (b) Why do we need to be modest?

26

We are easily influenced by the spirits of the world (See Figure 5)

God is delighted when we keep ourselves from being influenced by the spirits of the world!

3 However, it is important that we be mindful that the attitudes and actions of those around us may influence us. This has happened to some brothers who have made great changes in their lives to serve Jehovah. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) In this story, we will look at some tips that can help us to resist the influence of the spirit of the world. But first, let’s look at what is known as the “ruler of the spirit of the world.”—1 Cor. 2:12.

WHAT IS ‘THE WORLD OF SEX’?

4 In the Bible, the “spirit of the world” governs the way people who do not love God think or act. Those who are influenced by the spirit of the world are self-centered and often refuse to obey Jehovah’s commandments for a good life. For example, many people today think it’s okay to speak bad words or live a bad life. They do “the will of the world,” not the will of the Creator.—1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The Bible says that Satan “deceives all the nations of the earth,” and the spirit of the world is one of the tools he uses to do this. (Revelation 12:9) The apostle Paul used the spirit of the world as a ‘yes.’ (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) What an example!

4. What is ‘the spirit of the world,’ and how do those who are influenced by it act?

5. How is the spirit of the world ‘yes’? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also picture.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

Just as the spirit of the world is easy to get away with, it is also easy to get away with the spirit of evil. The spirit of evil can influence us without our knowing it. Now let’s look at the ways in which this can happen and how we can help it.

SECTION 10 - SECTION 11 - SECTION 12 - SECTION 13 - SECTION 14 - SECTION 15 - SECTION 16 - SECTION 17 - SECTION 18 - SECTION 19 - SECTION 20 - SECTION 21 - SECTION 22 - SECTION 23 -

6 The Bible says that in the future, people will be “unruly, reckless, and unorderly.” (2 Tim. 3:1-3) These evils are reflected in many people’s manners today. For example, the media reports that people speak ill of one another, which leads to harassment and violence. In many families, husbands, wives, and children are separated from each other. Many people also spend their weekends—including grandchildren and young people.—Eph. 5:3, 4. The manner in which they talk shows that they are influenced by the spirit of the world.

7 As Christians, we should set a good example in how we communicate, whether face-to-face or through electronic media. (James 1:26, 27) You might ask yourself: ‘Am I not using rude language when I’m in trouble or when I’m dealing with people who don’t know I’m a Jehovah’s Witness? When I’m in contact with my brothers and sisters, am I not using rude or insulting words about them? Am I not writing to my relatives? What will my relatives say about my manner of communicating?’

8 What can we do if we notice that the spirit of the world influences our speech? We need to change the way we speak. But not only that. Remember that Jesus said: “The things that come out of the body come out of the heart, and they destroy a man.” (Matt. 15:18) Jesus’ words indicate that the way we speak reflects our thoughts and feelings. That is why the Bible calls ‘bad speech’ one of the evil qualities, along with anger, anger, and self-harmfulness. (Eph. 4:31) If you feel that you need to get rid of these bad habits, pray to Jehovah to help you become more of the ‘new man.’ (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) You can also search our books for helpful information. Be determined not to let the spirit of the world influence your actions or words.—Eph. 4:29.

TSRI AGBE GBEGBLẼ HỌNYA

9 Another way the spirit of the world influences us today is the way in which many people are reluctant to follow Jehovah’s precepts for a good life. Marriage, premarital adultery, and sexual intercourse between men and women are practiced and even encouraged. (Isaiah 5:20) If we don’t change our minds, the spirit of the world can make us think that these things are okay when we live. (2 Cor. 11:3) We may even think that we are not right.

6. How does the spirit of the world influence people’s speech today?

7. What can we ask ourselves about the way we eat?

8. What can we do to prevent ourselves from speaking out against others? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. However, how do many people perceive Jehovah’s principles for a good life?

28 CONCLUSIONS

We may think that the world’s view of these practices is false, and that the Bible’s teachings are merely myths. But there’s a big deal here! Jehovah’s teachings help us in the short term. Jehovah’s ways are better than human ways, and they won’t be changed when the time comes.—Isaiah 48:17, 18; 55:9.

10 Those who want to be close to Jehovah should be aware of what he has forbidden. (Ps. 97:10) So ask yourself: ‘Do I feel that Jehovah’s precepts for good living mean that I am not able to live the way I want to? Do the things I do show that I care about what Jehovah has forbidden? Do they mean that I would like Jehovah to change those precepts so that I can live the way I want to live?’

11 But what can you do if you notice that things that God does not want you to do are tempting you? Don’t think that you can’t live according to God’s commandments. Remember that no one is perfect, and sometimes we are tempted by things that are not right. (Ps. 51:5; 103:14) But you can choose to do so by focusing on doing “the will of the spirit.” (Eph. 2:3) Also, you need to put your mind away from things that provoke evil thoughts in you. If you notice that you are being tempted by evil thoughts, immediately turn your attention away from things that God does not want you to do. (Genesis 39:9, 12) Consider how these things can damage your relationship with Jehovah and with others, and make a commitment not to damage that precious relationship. (Eph. 5:5) With Jehovah’s help, you can learn how to deal with evil.

APPLICATION FOR INTERNET-ACCESSIBLE WEBSITES

12 Many of us use the Internet in our daily lives, and we even use it in our service to Jehovah. However, much of what is available on the Internet promotes the spirit of the world. For example, births are now available on the Internet, and children and adolescents have easy access to them. Photos, videos, and texts about sexual abuse are being uploaded to people’s mobile phones, especially among adolescents. However, there is a lot of information on the Internet that distorts or discredits the truth. People are uploading photos and videos of fun events in which they have been involved. These pictures and videos, along with the accompanying texts, can inspire us to spend more time praying and preaching, even if it interferes with our ministry.—Hebrews 10:24, 25.

13 We need to be careful that the Internet does not take up too much of our time or have a negative effect on our attitudes and behaviors. Therefore, we can ask ourselves: ‘How much time do I spend on the Internet looking at photos, videos, and other unnecessary things?’ —Eph. 5:15, 16.

10. What questions will help us know if we hate what Jehovah hates?

11. How can you avoid things that Jehovah avoids?

12. How does the spirit of the world influence the Internet?

13. What questions can we ask ourselves about how we use the Internet?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

If something is wrong, how long does it take before I turn away from it?’ (Ps. 119:37) ‘Doesn’t everything I see or hear on the Internet immediately come to my attention, or does it distract me from the truth?’—Lod. 14:15.

14 If you want to fight the spirit of the world, you need to limit your time spent on the Internet and keep away from content that is not appropriate. Parents also need to keep an eye on how their children use the Internet to play games. (Eph. 6:4) Research has shown that teenagers who spend a lot of time on the Internet to play games are more likely to suffer from anxiety, depression, and depression than other teenagers. If you follow the good advice in God’s Word, you will be protected from the spirit of the world that has taken hold of the Internet.

DO YOU HAVE ANY QUESTION ABOUT XEXEA'S WEBSITE!

15 If you feel that you are influenced in some way by the spirit of the world, take the necessary steps to correct it. Consider the example of Gloria, who learned the truth in her youth, but—

* Change the names in this page.

14. What can we do to keep the spirit of the world that has taken hold of the Internet from harming us?

15. What did you learn from Gloria’s experience? (See also the picture.)

What can you do to avoid being influenced by the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15.)

30 GBETA-BLOCKER

She said: “I started to feel like I wasn’t going to the meetings, and after a while, I didn’t want to be a Witness.” But then Gloria realized that she was being influenced by people who didn’t love Jehovah. What did she do? She said: “I spent more time studying the Bible and praying, and I didn’t stop talking to people who didn’t worship Jehovah. Even though I’m not so lonely now, Jehovah is helping me in many ways. And I feel that it is not Satan’s world that is influencing my life, but Jehovah.”

16 Consider the example of Robert, who, because of the influence of his schoolmates and the harmful practices he used to practice, turned into a greedy man who “did not believe that I had the right to do such things as were in my power.” But Robert later realized that he was not in the righteousness again, but that he had become a slave of the world. (2 Pet. 2:19) What did Robert do?

16. What do you learn from Robert’s experience?

She says: “I’ve made many changes in my life, my relationships, and how I speak.” How does Robert feel now? She says: “Every day I wake up, I remember that I’m living a whole new life that’s completely different from the one I lived when I was sick. That’s a great lesson that gives me so much joy and satisfaction.”

17 What do we learn from this story? We have learned that we need to fight the spirit of the world. This means that we must fight the spirit of the world, which means that we must fight the world’s evil habits, which means that we must fight the world’s wickedness, and that we must fight the evil things that happen on the Internet. Although the spirit of the world is very evil, you can fight it. The truth is that Jehovah has the power to defeat Satan and his evil world. (Read 1 John 4:4.) In addition, Jehovah gives you his holy spirit, the most valuable power of all, to help you overcome the spirit of the world. (Luke 11:13) Let us all resolve to continue to ‘walk in the spirit of God’ and to resist the spirit of the world!—Galatians 5:16.

17. Why do you believe that you can overcome the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

DON’T YOU KNOW THAT ‘THE BLOOD OF JESUS’ WILL RUN OUT OF OUR HEARTS IN THE FUTURE?

■ The way we eat

■ How We Live Our Lives

■ How we use the Internet

HADZIDZI 124

We'll Go A Long Way

HOW TO FOLLOW GOD'S RECOMMENDATIONS

September 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 10 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

Bible Study November 2-8 | 2 Let Jehovah See You

Nusɔhɛnyati Hena November 9-15 | 8 Ways We Can Have “A True Heart”

Study Materials November 16-22 | 14 Jehovah’s Witnesses Speak New Languages in “Local Languages”

Chapter 23-29 | 20 Jehovah’s Priests’ Response to His Love

Bible Study November 30–December 6 | 26 Don’t Let the “Spirit of Satan” Affect You

THE BIBLE IN ENGLISH

“Let the Glory of Christ Rule in Your Hometowns”

Colossians 3:15 speaks of “the peace of Christ.” What is “the peace of Christ”? It is a value that one experiences because one is a disciple of Christ. We enjoy this peace because we know that Jehovah and God love us.—John 14:23, 27.

The Apostle Paul urged the church of Colossae to have this peace in their hearts, which is the peace of the faithful. How could they do this? The Greek word that Paul uses here, translated as ‘peace’, is related to the word used for a referee (or arbitrator) in courts. This suggests that just as the word ‘referee’ refers to the way a judge judges, so should the “peace of Christ” guide our way of life.

For example, if we are in disagreement with a Christian friend, let “the peace of Christ” be our “peace.” This example will help us to know what we can do to maintain peace and unity. By doing what he asks us to do, whether it is to follow our own desires or to give ourselves up for peace, we show that we are allowing “the peace of Christ” to reign in our hearts.—Colossians 3:12-14.

We don’t want you to download this book. It’s part of a worldwide Bible charity funded by volunteers. If you’d like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

The verses we quote in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, but we have given them a different focus.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the jw.org database, or scan this code on your device

JW.ORG

w26.09-EW