SEPTEMBER 2026

HOW DOES THE MONITORING OF GOD’S WORSHIP WORK?

MONTHLY ANNOUNCEMENT: NOVEMBER 2-DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOVEMBER 2-8, 2026

LA 3

Jehovah Loves Us, He Loves Us More Than Anyone Else

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

But we can't trust that God will keep us safe right now and forever.

Keep Yourself Motivated by the Thought of Jehovah’s Goodness

“He said: ‘Jehovah is so.’”—ZA 91:9.

During that time, things will happen that will greatly affect the people of God. Jehovah will use “his thought” to instill in the hearts of the people of God the idea that he will use “his power to destroy the world,” namely, the Great Destroyer.* (Deuteronomy 17:17) Then the Great Destroyer and all the people of God who will follow him will do things that will cause the earth’s inhabitants to be devastated. (Deuteronomy 17:16) This will cause the earth’s inhabitants to be devastated. What will happen then?

² All those who live in the age of doom will do evil and become rebellious against Jehovah. (Ezek. 38:14-16) Why is this going to happen? Because Satan will think that he has overcome all the righteous with his wrath. So the one who overcomes this wrath will create a great war, called Armageddon. Jesus and his 144,000 followers and the apostles will use God’s power to overcome the evildoers. Satan’s wrath will be overcome, and the age of doom will come.—Revelation 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

3 Shouldn’t we believe that Jesus and those who follow him will be defeated by Satan’s kingdom at the battle of Armageddon? Why? For Jehovah wants us to be defeated. He has written this book in his Book, the Bible. The book says: “Thousands will be on your shoulders, and thousands of thousands will be on your shoulders, unless these evils be overcome.”

* See the “Sane Bitches Who Can’t Wait” that will be published in the November 2025 Bulletin.

1-2. What things do we need to do to keep ourselves safe?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

2

(Psalm 91:7) Let us reflect on Psalm 91 and answer the following questions: Why did Jehovah choose to put his people in trouble? How does Jehovah take care of his people today? How will he take care of his people in the future? Before we consider these questions, let us take a moment to reflect on Psalm 91.

THE FUTURE OF THE WORLD AND THE FUTURE OF THE UNITED NATIONS

4 The key idea in Psalm 91 is that Jehovah will reward those who trust in him. We’ll see this in chapters 1 and 2. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Because Jehovah is the One Who Gives, we can be sure that if we trust in him, he will reward us. The words “reward” and “reward” refer to the Bible’s references to fathers and mothers who used them to reward their children. (Ruth 2:12; Psalm 17:8) They reward those who trust in them. Similarly, those who do not obey these laws will not be able to go back to those laws to seek forgiveness for their sins. In the passages in Psalm 91, the Psalmist uses examples from the Bible to help us understand that Jehovah cannot forgive those who do not obey his laws. —Psalm 91:3-13.

5 Psalm 91:14-16 contains a very inspiring prophecy. (Read.) In these verses, the way in which Jehovah will guide us is also described, but it is also the way in which Jehovah himself guides his servants in the land. In this prophecy, Jehovah promises that he will be kind to those who love him, trust him, know his name, and pray to him. Since Jehovah will never fail, we can have confidence in what he says in this prophecy, because he will make this book come true! —Numbers 23:19; Joshua 23:14.

6 Jehovah used the words in Psalm 91 to inspire us to put our trust in him. (Rom. 15:4) Like the Psalmist, we can say to God: “You are my help and my comfort.” (Ps. 91:2) Why did Jehovah give me the comfort to be his servant?

WHAT DOES GOD SAY ABOUT YOUR CHILDREN IN THE SECTION 91?

7 At the same time, we show in our papers that Law 91 does not mean that Jehovah wants to pique his we bi’s interests only in the mumi. In fact, we can be sure that Jehovah will give us all the attention we need in order to have a good relationship with him. Isn’t the wording of Law 91 about Jehovah picking up on his we bi’s interests the only one in the law? Yes. The law also means that Jehovah will pique his we bi’s interests as a chief over them, so that they won’t be overwhelmed by their own interests. Moreover, Jehovah will make it possible for them to have a joyful life when they live with the people who are in their midst. Why can we say that Psalm 91 only applies to our hope that Jehovah will be with us in eternity?

8 Consider what Jesus said to Satan when he called the angel in Psalm 91 and asked him to kill Jesus. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.) Satan quoted the words in Psalm 91:11, 12, when he told Jesus that he was going to go down to the grave to be buried:

4. According to Psalm 91:1, 2, what does Jehovah want us to do for his children?

5-6. (a) What did Jehovah say in Psalm 91:14-16? (b) Why can we not be inspired by this book?

7. According to Psalm 91, what kind of suffering did Jehovah not want his son to experience?

8-9. How did Jesus put Satan out of their relationship, and what can we learn from this? (Matthew 4:5-7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 3

What did Jesus say to him? Jesus said to him: ‘Satan, what are you doing! The people’s angels are going to go after you, and Jehovah will go after them.’ Then Jesus said to the man: “Be Jehovah your God.” What can we learn from Jesus’ answer? Jesus said to the man: “Be Jehovah your God.” What can we learn from Jesus’ answer?

9 Jesus knew that in ancient times, Jehovah followed the apostles by giving them his weapons so that their sons could use them. (2 Sam. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) When Jesus knew that he had done something in his heart, he asked Jehovah to give him his weapons, thus showing that he loved Jehovah. This means that the 91st day was used by Satan to indicate that Jehovah would put Jesus to the test, so that he would use his power in a way that would make Jesus dislike Jehovah.* The 91st day was also used by Jesus to indicate that Jehovah would put his people to the test in the world, and in the world as a whole, and in the world as a whole, he would cause them to have joy.

10 Jehovah’s promise in Psalm 91 encourages us to trust in him. Jehovah is always willing to help. Therefore, we can be sure that he will help those who trust in him. Therefore, let us consider the things that will happen in the future. Now let us consider how Jehovah is helping us today and how he will help us in the future.

* At the time, we wrote that Law 91 deals with the way in which Jehovah wants us to grow up in the world so that we can have a good relationship with him. We also wrote that Satan uses this law as a means of making us grow up in the world so that we can live in the kingdom of heaven. See The Watchtower of December 1, 1974, p. 722.

10. What kind of sleep do we have?

WHAT DOES GOD WANT YOU TO DO THAT YOU ARE HAPPY WITH HIM?

11 Today, Jehovah shows us what we can do to close the gap between us and him. He knows that we are sinners, and he makes us love the things that please him, and do the things that please him. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) Therefore, he gives us some things that can inspire us to love him and do what he wants. Let us consider these things.

12 The Bible is the Word of God. Jehovah’s Word warns us about evil, and it shows us what we should do to prevent it from happening. For example, look at what Jesus said in Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.) In that passage, Jesus spoke of a man who “was watching the way he was doing in his heart.” Jesus meant that the man was “pushing the way into his heart.” What do we learn from this passage?

(James 1:14, 15) If we want to get rid of our anger, we need to follow Jesus’ advice. We need to recognize that anger is a cancer. If someone has cancer, they have to have surgery before they can get rid of it. A Bible study suggests that Jesus’ advice in chapter 29 is the way to get rid of cancer. (John 13:34, 35; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 5:19, 20; 1 John 3:19; 1 John 3:19; 1 John 3:19; 1 John 3:19; 1 John 3:19; 1 John This means that we must look at the sight that is coming to us from the deepest of our hearts. (Col. 3:5) And we must be like Jesus.

11. How does Jehovah’s willingness to help us increase our closeness to him?

12-13. What can inspire us to walk in the way of God? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4 MONITORING

Walk Courageously With God

Jehovah takes care of his congregation by providing us with the things we need to improve our relationship with him. (Read section 15.)

By applying this book, we will improve our relationship with Jehovah.

14 His goodness. Jehovah and his goodness inspire us to be faithful to him. Therefore, if we follow his goodness, he will bless us. (Luke 11:9-13) In what ways does badness affect us? Paul said: “Go to the point where you are freed from the goodness, and where you are not freed from the goodness, you are freed from the goodness.” (Galatians 5:16) The study note on this chapter says: “He who is freed from the goodness is freed from the way of God’s goodness in all things, and he is freed from the goodness of God in his thoughts and in his thoughts. He is freed from the goodness of God in his thoughts and in his thoughts. He is freed from the goodness of God in his thoughts and in his thoughts. He is freed from the goodness of God in his thoughts and in his thoughts. He is freed from the goodness of God in his thoughts and in his thoughts. He is freed from the badness of the badness of the badness of the badness of the badness of the badness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of the goodness of

But there is no way that we will be able to live in it, unless we turn away from the path that leads to it, and keep our mind on it.” It is true that Jehovah’s love does not turn away from the path that we will be able to follow, but it encourages us to do what is wrong, to commit sin. This increases our closeness to Jehovah.

15 E we the congregation. As we go to Jehovah’s congregation, we want to keep up with the news, so that it helps us to increase our closeness to Jehovah. For example, as we get older, sometimes we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past, or we can’t get rid of a sin that we did in the past.

14. In what way should a good mother look after her children?

15. In what ways does Jehovah’s church need to grow? (Read the following paragraphs.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 5

(Matt. 4:3; 6:13) If we do this, Satan will not be able to influence us to think that we are not good enough to serve Jehovah. (Psalm 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Have you ever read something in one of our books that touched your heart? (Psalm 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. Then say, ‘It’s up to you.’ This means that Jehovah is using the congregation to make us love the guidance we need to follow, so that we can build a stronger bond with him.

16 Jehovah allows his servants to be used as slaves in order to gain power over others. Sometimes, he allows people to kill some of his servants so that Satan can become king over them. (Deut. 2:10; 6:9) One hundred of his servants are killed by Satan, and all of his faithful servants are killed. (Matt. 24:9; Eph. 12:9-12) May God allow this to happen! We can be sure that God will follow his apostles in pushing them to serve him and obey the good news.—Heb. 1:7, 14.

17 Jehovah has set all our laws in the Bible, and when we follow them, we become more sensitive to the things he wants us to do. In this way, Jehovah is fulfilling his promises to us.

16. (a) What happened to some of Jehovah’s servants, and why? (b) What will Jehovah do for his people?

17. Why should we allow ourselves to be overwhelmed by Jehovah’s willingness to help us overcome everything that we are unable to overcome today?

(Proverbs 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) However, we know that all things that make us feel uncomfortable that we should avoid are things that will make Jehovah feel uncomfortable with us. Satan suggests that we serve Jehovah as much as he feels comfortable with us, and that everything that we feel comfortable with depends on what we feel comfortable with. Therefore, when Jehovah feels uncomfortable with us about all things, people will laugh at Satan’s words. (Job 1:10, 11) As we become more loyal to Jehovah, Satan becomes our ruler. Moreover, he makes people think that we are serving Jehovah because we love him, who is the true God. (Rom. 9:22) It would be good if Jehovah would do what he wants us to do, and if his servants would do what he wants us to do. As this time comes to an end, Jehovah will continue to give us the wisdom we need so that we can grow in the good relationship we have with him.—1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

WHAT DOES GOD WANT YOU TO DO WHEN YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH HIM?

(Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) This will cause the Armageddon to take place. When Armageddon takes place, Jehovah will use Jesus Christ and his army to take over his people, so that he can take over all God’s children. (Deut. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah take over his people at the Armageddon? (Deut. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) Jehovah will take over his people at the Armageddon, so that he can take over all God’s children. (Deut. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah take over his people at the Armageddon? (Deut. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15)

19 That we may know the judgment which is to come upon the wicked in Armageddon,

18. What will Jehovah do to keep us safe?

19-20. Why should we believe that Jesus and his disciples will be able to defeat God’s enemies at Armageddon? (See also the top of the book.)

6 MONITORING

When Jesus with his sword overcomes the children of God at Armageddon, there will be a war between them.... So at Armageddon, we can be sure that no human being or demon will be able to overcome the war between the children of God at Armageddon.

Why? Because Jehovah is our guardian and our protector. Therefore, we have confidence in him. We can be sure of the following: When Jesus and his army defeat God’s people at Armageddon, some of them will die. (Jer. 25:33; Zach. 14:12) If Armageddon takes place, we can be sure that no human being or demon will be able to defeat God’s people at Armageddon either.—Luke 21:28; 2 Peter 2:9.

20 When the battle of Armageddon is over, the word that is written in the book of Revelation will immediately come to us, saying, “A thousand years will be on your shoulders, and ten thousand years on your shoulders, unless these evils are over you. You will see them in your own eyes, and you will see the destruction of the wicked.” (Psalm 91:7-9) When Armageddon is over, Jehovah will make it easier for his servants to get back together, and he will put an end to the strife between them and him, and they will have a joyful time. Because you say: “Jehovah is with you,” Jehovah says: “Your iniquities will be with you.” Therefore, it is necessary that we wait for what will happen in the future. We cannot be sure that Jehovah will get back together with us when we turn to him.

THE HAPPINESS OF THE WORLD: At the time of Armageddon, Jehovah will lift us up from the ground, and he will make us enjoy the joy of the world.

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

According to Psalm 91, what kind of suffering does Jehovah want his son to experience?

In what way does Jehovah’s love for us continue today?

How will Jehovah deal with those who do not obey him?

LA 8 Jehovah’s Witnesses

NOVEMBER 9-15, 2026

LA 36 Wa Buɔ Wa Tsui He

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

How can we make Jehovah happy in our hearts?

How You Don't Like It When You're In “Tue Bumi Tsui” Ha

“Let your servant’s heart be comforted.”—1 SAM. 3:9.

(Deuteronomy 32:4, 5; 33:11) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws of God are the only laws that matter to them. (Deuteronomy 32:4) Some people believe that the laws Let us learn from Jehovah in one very important aspect of our lives.

(Matt. 22:37, 38) This love encourages us to listen to him in our “hearts.” (Rom. 6:17) Therefore, when people are watching us, when they are watching us, or when we are wondering what we should do, we always listen to Jehovah. As we listen to him, sometimes it may be necessary for us to listen to him. In this study, we will consider two examples from the Bible, and we will look at what will help us to listen to Jehovah at all times. First, we will consider how Jehovah saved the Israelites from Egypt, and then we will consider the good example of Joshua, King of Judah.

READ WHAT THE ISRAELITES HAVE TO SAY ABOUT GOD’S BLESSINGS

³ When Jehovah led the Israelites into Egypt, he brought the flood of destruction upon the Egyptians. Just as the destruction came upon the Israelites, Jehovah had a family that was very important to him.

1. Why is it that some people read the laws of the earth?

2. What is the most important reason why we should worship Jehovah?

3. Why, then, was it necessary for the Israelites to follow the family that Jehovah had commanded them to take over the land of their forefathers? (See also the video.)

8

The Israelites looked up to Jehovah, expecting that if they did so, he would bring the Egyptians to their knees (Read section 3)

(Exodus 12:5, 7) Jehovah will be over every one who takes the land with his hand, and he will cover the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the bitterness of the (Exodus 8:25-27) Nevertheless, the Israelites found it necessary to obey God, so they “did as Jehovah desired” them to do. (Exodus 12:28) This caused Jehovah to turn against them, and he destroyed their tribes.

4 The Israelites went into Egypt under the Egyptian rule. Then, Jehovah took away their heads from the Wo Tsu. So Jehovah gave them directions. He told them to return and go to the Wo Tsu. In human terms, this is the right direction. For Pharaoh and his servants were in their heads, and the Wo Tsu was also in their heads. There was only one way to go. Then, in the end, the Israelites did what Jehovah had told them to go to Moses. (Exodus 14:1-4) When the Egyptians saw them, the Israelites “grew angry,” and they told Moses to take them away so that they might die! (Exodus 14:5-11) Why did the Israelites have to take God’s word seriously, and how did God react to their actions?

5 According to the Bible, the Israelites “rejoiced at [Jehovah’s] wicked deeds” in Egypt, and they “recognized” his love for them. (Read Psalm 106:7, 107.) The Israelites saw how Jehovah was gracious to them, and how he protected their sons and daughters in the midst of the flood of death. However, they trusted in the love that Jehovah showed them, and they trusted in him that he would look after them. Because Jehovah knew what was going on in their hearts, he said that they “put their hearts to the Wo Tsu.” It seems that the Israelites took Moses with them from the Wo Tsu to the place where they were going to be buried. This caused Jehovah to take care of all the sons of those people, and he sent them to the Si Womi Zugba. (Psalm 106:21, 24-26) What can we learn from their story?

HOW YOU CAN SEE THAT THEY ARE THEIR OWN HISTORICAL FAMILY

6 The story of the Israelites teaches us that we should consider ourselves before we worship Jehovah.

4. What direction did Jehovah give the Israelites when they went into Egypt?

5. Why did Jehovah resent what the Israelites did against the Law? (Psalm 106:7 and following)

6. What will we do if we are completely devoted to Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:4)

SEPTEMBER 2026

9

For example, we should ask ourselves, “Doesn’t it seem to you that there is a good thing that I can do for Jehovah when I listen to him?” It could not be that the Israelites were so fond of the idea of taking the land and paying the sinya sows because they knew that they would then have their bitter children’s yields, until they became so devoted to Jehovah that they gave up their lives for him. Also, we may ask ourselves: “Do I not trust Jehovah when I trust my neighbors?” When the Israelites were in Egypt, Jehovah commanded the Israelites to “put their heads on the heads of the Egyptians,” and they did so. (Exodus 12:36) In fact, when the Egyptians took them away to live with them, the Israelites also put their heads on Jehovah. (Exodus 14:10-12) If we want to act like the Israelites, then we want to have that faith in the relationship between Jehovah and those who follow his directions. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) If we ignore all the instructions that Jehovah gives us in heaven, or if we think that he is going to make our lives better in the future, then we are making ourselves unable to follow him. What will motivate us to follow Jehovah in our hearts so that we can do as the Israelites did?

7 Keep your love for Jehovah alive. If Jehovah’s church gives us a guideline to follow, or if the guideline that we follow leads us to fall into trouble, then it will prompt us to follow it. If that is the case, we should consider that our love for Jehovah, and the confidence that we have in him, are the main reasons for our devotion to him. (1 John 5:19, 20) 8 Keep your love for Jehovah alive. 5:3) Our love for Jehovah will inspire us to take care of ourselves, and we will be sure that he will be there when the time comes for us to go to the earth to serve him.—Proverbs 7:8; Micah 7:7.

8 In our time, some of God’s servants have set a good example by following the guidelines that were thought to be necessary to keep people safe. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, they instructed congregations to hold meetings by videoconferencing. A congregational leader in Peru said: “I think that the guidelines that were given to us would be helpful in our time.” Although he took the guidelines very seriously, he was determined to obey God, and he trusted him. (Proverbs 3:5, 6) What did he do? She said: “I feel that Jehovah has taken advantage of what we have done. Our congregation has grown, and the tensions between the brothers have increased greatly. Consider this example. In 2020, the congregation made some changes to help the congregations where the children are living. When a sister in Japan learned that she was going to be taken to her congregation, she said: ‘I want to consider the changes that will be made, and I want to talk about the directions. Because I know that this change will have a good effect.’

9 Let yourselves be careful to keep up with the news. This is very important in the course of the Kingdom service. At all times, Jehovah’s servants are the ones who are in the midst of joy. However, it is necessary that we keep up with the good news, because until the day when we keep up with the good news we will warn people that it is time for God to put Satan down. We will continue to keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon, and then we will keep up with the good news until it is half past the time of Armageddon.

7. In what ways will our unconditional love for Jehovah inspire us to worship him?

8. What did a brother and sister do to show that they were determined to help their son follow Jehovah?

9. What will inspire us to seek Jehovah with all our hearts and souls? (See also the footnote.)

10 MONITORING MEETING

(Matt. 24:14) In the years to come, the day that we will be fishing will come, and it will cause people to be very angry, and it will make them wonder whether they will follow God’s Kingdom, or whether they will follow ade-sa. For those who are faithful to Jehovah, the day will be ‘a very angry day.’ * (Deut. 16:21) This will cause them to be as angry with Jehovah and his people as Pharaoh was with the Israelites in the Great Depression. If now, we are very much concerned about how people will see us, then we are also very much concerned about how we will be treated in the future.

THE ONE WHO LOOKED LIKE GOD WAS HAPPY WITH Jehoshaphat

10 The Bible also mentions people who served Jehovah. One of them was King Jehoshaphat. When Jehoshaphat was king of Judah, three men conspired to kill the Jews. It seems that Jehoshaphat and the Jews were very angry. (2 Chron.

* See the “Sane Bitches Who Can’t Wait,” in the August 2025 Bulletin.

10. What did King Jehoshaphat think when three horsemen came to destroy Judah?

20:1-3) But King Jehoshaphat did what he had promised. Let’s look at how Jehoshaphat followed the way of Jehovah, how he turned his heart to Him, and how we can follow his example.

11 Don’t be afraid to walk in the way of Jehovah, and obey him. It seems that Jehoshaphat, while he was living, “was afraid to walk in the way of Jehovah.” (2 Chron. 20:3) Until Jehoshaphat’s death, he walked in the way of Jehovah in a thousand ways. (2 Chron. 19:3) Therefore, when these tables came to Judah, Jehoshaphat knew that he would need to trust and obey Jehovah. Jehoshaphat urged him to walk in the way of Jehovah, and he listened to everything he was told. Therefore, Jehoshaphat prayed to Jehovah, and urged him to obey him. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) If we do, Jehoshaphat’s example will inspire us. Therefore, let us be determined to follow Jehovah, follow his guidance in our study of the Bible, and be confident that he will guide us.—Psalm 119:112.

11. What did Jehoshaphat do while he was in prison? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

If we believe that Jehovah’s family is the best for us right now, then we will not have to worry about what will happen in the future. (Read section 9.)

11

Congregation leaders are committed to providing guidance on how Jehovah and his congregation should act, and they read the Bible regularly. (Read section 16.)

12 Keep reading the Bible. The things Jehoshaphat wrote in his booklet show that he knew the things that Jehovah had done in the past. He knew that it was because of Jehovah that he had chosen Abraham to take the stone that was in the fire for his sons, the Israelites. (Genesis 12:7) The booklet that Jehoshaphat wrote in his booklet is similar to the booklet that Solomon prayed in when he stood on the booklet. (2 Chronicles 6:28-30; 20:5-9) The things that Jehoshaphat learned about Jehovah encouraged him to devote himself fully to Jehovah, and it made him determined to go and worship him. Similarly, if we learn more about Jehovah and the things he says in the Bible, we will be more determined to listen to him in the situations in which we find ourselves.—Matthew 13:52.

13 Let’s take a look at how Jehoshaphat’s prayer showed that he was on his mind. As a king, Jehoshaphat was at the top of every table, so he turned his face toward the table on which he was sitting, and he turned his face toward Jehovah. When he prayed on their behalf, he became aware that the Jews needed to believe in God and obey him. (2 Chron. 20:12) As Jehoshaphat turned his face toward the table, he became more determined to obey God’s instructions. When we turn ourselves toward him, he will encourage us to focus on Jehovah at all times.—Phil. 2:5, 8.

14 Think about how much more you can do to help them. Jehovah answered Jehoshaphat’s prayer. He went to his servant Jahaziel to tell them that it was necessary for them to follow him. He said to them: “Go your way, go your way, and see how Jehovah will strengthen you.” The Bible says that Jehoshaphat was “a man of good heart.” That made them “a man of good heart to Jehovah.” So when the Judahites were gathered together to go with their sons, Jehoshaphat urged them to “trust in Jehovah” and “in his servants.”—2 Chron. 20:14-20.

15 Jehoshaphat knew that his faith in Jehovah was so strong that he would follow the way he had chosen, and that he would be faithful to his son. He also encouraged his people to turn to Jehovah and to follow him. When Jehoshaphat told “the people to go away,” “he commanded the men to take away the tables from their heads” and to turn to Jehovah. (2 Chron. 20:21) This shows how strong his faith in Jehovah was. Jehovah praised them as follows:

12. What will inspire us to be determined to worship Jehovah?

13. How does our suffering affect us?

14. How did Jehoshaphat follow the directions given by Jehovah?

15. What did Jehoshaphat do to show that he had faith in Jehovah?

12 MONITORING

and they are in what with evil in it né they buil him tue on je, and he caused their sons to turn their heads to show their sibi, and they lived with them and put them si.—2 Chron. 20:22-24.

16 Asaph’s leaders, fathers, and elders can learn from Jehoshaphat’s good example. Because he was committed to serving Jehovah, he encouraged his sons in a good way. This is similar to what King Solomon did. When Solomon served Jehovah faithfully, he prayed to God to give him strength in his heart. The way he prayed showed that he was committed to himself, but that he was concerned about his sons, and that he wanted to serve them in the way that Jehovah wanted him to do. (Read 1 Chronicles 3:9.) Jehoshaphat was committed to serving God’s people. (Proverbs 15:22) She also encourages her children to reflect on the difficulties they encounter, and she encourages them to seek Jehovah. The elders in the congregation follow her example. When they need to take a decision that is important to the congregation, the elders read the Bible and the congregation’s literature, and sometimes she asks the elders to read books. This shows that she cares about them. (Proverbs 15:22) When she follows her example of following her words with her deeds, she encourages her children to continue to praise God. When fathers are willing to follow Jehovah’s example, they encourage their children to follow his example too.—Proverbs 1:8; 14:1.

17 We can be sure that if we turn ourselves to Jehovah, and listen to him with all our heart, Jehovah will help us to overcome all the difficulties we may face. Just as in the past, today Jehovah uses men who are removed from the congregation to give us directions. Therefore, sometimes, when he does something as if it were not in accordance with a guideline, it is necessary for us to be of good heart. For the goodness of Jehovah flows down on us. (Isa. 55:9) Therefore, let us make every effort to be of good heart toward Jehovah at all times.

16. Which parents, fathers, and grandparents should not learn from Jehoshaphat’s example? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also the footnote.)

17. Why should we always look to Jehovah for guidance?

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

Why should we not follow the example of the Israelites when they entered Egypt?

What did Jehoshaphat do to show that he was “in the heart of the earth”?

What can we learn from Jehoshaphat’s example?

LA 88 The One Who Wasn't There

NOVEMBER 16-22, 2026

LA 84 Ha Waa Ye Bua

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

Let’s see how Jehovah’s will has made the prophecy in Zechariah 8:23 come true today.

We Have a Great Respect for Those Who Are “In Their Own Ways”

“The fury that they bring to all of them, which they exalt all the different days, will burn the Judaeans to the ground.”—ZECCAR 8:23.

(Genesis 11:6-9) In the book of Ezekiel, Jehovah tells us that he will make “a great crowd of men... who will go out and make war with the people of the day,” and that he will take them away and put them in the midst of the earth. (Deuteronomy 12:11) In the book of Ezekiel, Jehovah tells us that he will make “a great crowd of men... who will go out and make war with the people of the day,” and that he will take them away and put them in the midst of the earth. (Deuteronomy 12:13) In the book of Ezekiel, Jehovah tells us that he will make “a great crowd of men... who will go out and make war with the people of the day,” and that he will take them away and put them in the midst of the earth. (Deuteronomy 12:14) 7:9, 10, 14) How can those who observe different days enjoy Jehovah’s favor in the coming years? Let us share the good news with them on the day they observe it. (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) This is a great way for us to enjoy the day!

2 Isaiah says that when the apostle John wrote the Book of Revelation, God told Zacharias to ‘make sure that my father’s heart will be with the Lord, and that he will not be made weak.’ (Zechariah 2:11) Zacharias also said: “What the Lord the God of Israel will do is this:

1. Why is it important to preach the good news on different days? (Romans 10:13, 14)

2. What gift did Zechariah receive?

14

‘But in the present time, the young men who are coming to them from among all the people who follow all the different days will burn the Jews’ heads... and say: ‘We would like to go with you, let us see that God is with you.’” (Zac. 8:23) Indeed, this is what is happening in our time. Therefore, we will find it helpful for each one of us to do something to bring good news to all those who follow all the different days.

GOD WHO IS THE ONE WHO WILL GET YOU TO THE END OF THE WORLD

3 The “Judaean” whom Zacharias referred to in his book continues to refer to the Christians whom God has chosen to be His faithful servants. The Bible also refers to them as “the God of Israel.” (Gal. 6:16) There are those who “have the heart,” meaning that they will follow Jesus as their Lord in the future. (Heb. 3:1) The “new birth” continues to refer to those who have been chosen to live forever in Paradise on earth. These births will take place on different dates.

4 In 1919, Jesus spoke to “the elders of the church,” who were among the hundreds of Christians who were gathered by him. These young men understood the need to teach people every day, and they showed our books to them on different days. (Matt. 24:45) Before the beginning of 1919, God’s people propagated the good news by showing videos of their own deeds to people. The video was shown on different days. The elder understood the need to do so. As an example, he showed the Bible.

3. Who are the “Jews” and who are the “unbelievers”?

4. When Jesus spoke of the “true and righteous father” in the year 1919, what did he mean?

In 1921, a 36-day study titled The Harp of God was published. In 1935, the “true and righteous father” revealed the name of “the chief of the congregation,” and it was also revealed that he would be giving sermons throughout the year, on different days. Accordingly, those who believed in him in the present time were keen to focus on the ministry, so that they would not be able to give sermons throughout the year until the coming of the son of Zachariah.

“THE ONE WHO MAKES THEM LOVE HIM AND HAVE A FAMILY”

5 God’s good news is spreading throughout the world, and, as Isaiah wrote, many people in the world, who observe different days, want to learn about Jehovah to serve him. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) In order to help those who want to learn about Jehovah God, God uses a wide range of means, including displaying the books on different days, and sending them to places where they are observed today. (Psalm 68:11; 110:3) In addition, young men and women use the jw.org website and JW Library on different days. This encourages all those who come to study the Bible during their week.

6 People from different cultures who attend different days of the week are very interested in what the truth-loving minister is doing. One of the main reasons for this is that it increases faith and confidence in the work of the ministry. Thanks to this faith and confidence, we are able to conduct Bible studies on more than 1,100 days a week. Moreover, every day, thousands of people read the Bible, commit themselves to Jehovah, and are baptized.

5-6. What significance does Isaiah 2:2-4 have today? (See also the footnote.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 15

Those who live in the same community, but have different days of the week, are more likely to have experienced things that the truthful and virtuous man did not.

(See Figures 5-6)

7 It is obvious that even though God uses different days, he does work with people in different parts of the world, and God’s servants are encouraged to do this work. (Read Ezekiel 14:6.) When we see that things like those described in the books of Zechariah and Ezekiel are happening, we can be sure that the greater things are going to happen. It also encourages us to be faithful to Jehovah’s church, because we know that he uses his church to encourage people to hear the good news throughout the world.

GOD'S WORSHIP FOR OUR TIME

8 During the week of Pentecost in the 33rd century, Jehovah did something remarkable. He gave the disciples of Jesus in Jerusalem the power to observe different days. (Neh. 2:4-10) Why did he do this? He did not give them the power to observe different days? He did not give them the power to observe different days? He did not give them the power to observe different days? He did not give them the power to observe different days. He did not give them the power to observe different days. He did not give them the power to observe different days. He did not give them the power to observe different days. He did not give them the power to observe different days. He did not give them the power to observe different days. He did not give them the power to observe different days. He did not give them the power to observe different days. He did not give them the power to observe different days. He did not give them the power to observe different days. He did not give them the power to observe different days.

9 Let us think of a young man who is in need of a way to go to the hospital, and who is very sick, and who goes to the hospital to see a doctor. Let us think of him as a young man who is in need of a way to go to the doctor, and who is in need of someone to show him what the doctor has to say, so that he can understand what the doctor says, and how he can do it to get healing. Let us think of him as a young man who is in need of a way to go to the doctor, and who is in need of a way to go to the doctor, and how he can do it to get healing. Let us think of him as a young man who is in need of a way to go to the doctor, and let us think of him as a young man who is in need of a way to go to the doctor, and let us think of him as a young man who is in need of a way to go to the doctor, and let us think of him as a young man who is in need of a way to go to the doctor, and let us think of him as a young man who is in need of a way to go to the doctor, and let us think of him as a young man who is in need of a way to go to the doctor, and let us think of him as a young man who is in need of a way to go to the doctor, and let us think of him as a young man who is in need of a way to go to the doctor, and let us think of him as a young man who is in need of a

7. When we see how the prophecy in Ezekiel 14:6 applies to us, what does it teach us?

8. What remarkable thing did Jehovah at Pentecost in the year 33?

9. What can we do to encourage those who attend our meetings to learn the good news?

16 MONITORING MEETING

When we go to church regularly, people are more likely to listen to us, learn about the Bible, and have a closer relationship with us. So, if we see someone who isn’t interested in the day we go to church, we can use the Bible to help him or her learn more about the Bible. We can give him or her a book or watch a video on the day he or she goes to church to teach him or her about the Bible.

10 What can we do to promote our JW Library when we are in the military? Consider the example of Robert, who is in the military and is conducting a Bible study. While he was in the military, he went to Turkey with a man who worked in the military. On a good Bible study day, the man asked Robert to teach him the Bible Study: God’s Word is True! book in the military. Because Robert knew what was written in the book, he told the man that he had read some of the chapters in the book in the military. The young man then asked Robert questions about what was happening that day, and Robert used JW Library to answer his questions during the Bible study in Turkey. The young man said to Robert: “It’s great that you answered all the questions, so you can enjoy the day!” Robert said: “We studied the Bible for about 45 minutes. When we finished our study, I noticed that the young man was studying the Bible very closely, and he realized that the Bible was a very important book.” This was a great way for us to encourage people to study the Bible on a daily basis!

11 If we give people a book or a sermon on jw.org every day, that won’t encourage them to read it.

10-11. What did you learn from Robert’s experiences, and from the story in the section entitled, “Anyone Who Hates Himself Learns About Jehovah”?

The Life Has a New Shade of Purple

How It Helps You Learn About Jehovah When You’re Younger

One of them, whose name was Youa, had lost his life. Therefore, he decided to go to the United States. He loved Blefo Day, which was his only Hmong day of the week. His husband gave him a book to read, and the Bible, too, he gave him a book to read. Youa said, “Well, I’m tired, and I’m feeling a lot of joy.” One day, a brother who attended Blefo Day gave him a book entitled The Meaning of Life in the Kingdom of Heaven on Hmong Day. Learn about the things that Jehovah wants us to do in the future from the Bible. In fact, she learned a lesson that made a big difference in her life. The book made her feel very comfortable, and she learned that she would have a better life in the future. She took the book and laid it on her husband’s bedside table, and she read it on the floor. One day, one of Youa’s siblings came to see Youa, and one evening, he took Youa to attend a congregational meeting that was held in Hmong day. One day, they took Youa to study the Bible. The book that was given to her in her day encouraged her to learn more about Jehovah and to serve him.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17

Therefore, if you decide to go on a trip that takes a long time, make sure you find a way to do it, and use it to study the Bible on the day it takes you.

WHAT WE CAN DO WHEN WE ARE GOD’S CHILDREN

12 Nowadays, the Bible is being taught in multiple languages. * Some people prefer to teach the Bible in multiple languages because they want people to read God’s Word in their own language. That’s why we all read the Bible in our own language. In this language, the Bible in multiple languages helps Jehovah’s servants learn the truth in God’s Word and do good deeds. Look at what a congregation leader in Nepal said about the Bible in multiple languages. She said: “I feel that Jehovah himself is speaking to me when I read the Bible that is taught to me every day. It gives me greater confidence in God, and it strengthens my faith in it.” Now, the whole or one part of the Bible that is taught to me every day is taught in more than 300 churches. The Bible that is taught to me every day is taught in churches, and it teaches people the truth about Jehovah. That is why Jehovah’s people who are in jealousy are taught the truth every day. (1 Cor. 1:10) In addition, let’s look at some of the reasons why the Study Bible is so important.

13 The name of God is in every Bible that exists today. According to the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, the name of God is found in thousands of copies. For more than 100 years, when people have read all the Bibles, the name of God that is Jehovah has been found in them. Every time, the name is found in the Hebrew Scriptures. University professors who are called Christians use the name of God to teach people about God’s name. For example, Catholic university professors use the name of God in their Bibles and in the books they publish.* University professors also use the name of God in the Bibles they publish. When the Bible is translated into different languages, the word “God” appears in places where it should not appear. Why is this so important?

14 The Bible shows us why it is important to use God’s name. The Psalmist called God’s name “the name of Jehovah.” (Psalm 135:1) When Jesus instructed his disciples how to pray to Jehovah, he told them to pray: “Let your name be known.” Even Jesus himself prayed to his Father, saying: “Let them know your name.” (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) Paul echoed the words of the prophet Joel, saying: “Whoever calls on the name of Jehovah will be strengthened.” (Rom. 10:13) Since all Bible scholars agree that God’s word is the Bible, it is commonly accepted that it is important for us to understand God’s word, and to put it into practice.

15 All Jehovah’s Witnesses are encouraged to read the New World Translation of the Bible on the day they study it. This way of teaching helps them to learn the truth about Jehovah and to have a better understanding of him.

* About 2,200 years later, the Hebrew Bible was translated into Greek. This translation, known as the Greek Septuagint, was the first translation of the Bible into Greek.

* In the year 2008, Pope Benedict XVI pointed out that it is wrong to use the name of God in the face, on the face, or in the face of others. See also the October 1, 1997 Bulletin, p. 16-18, pp. 4-8.

12. What Does God’s Word Say About the Bible?

13. Why is God’s name used in all the Bibles today?

14. As the Bible teaches, why is it important for us to follow God’s commandments?

15. How Does the Bible Teach Us to Love Our Neighbors?

18 MONITORING MEETING

(Proverbs 18:10; Isaiah 56:6) In addition, he is the only one who has the power to change people’s hearts.

16 The Bible tells us that it is necessary that Jehovah and “all the lords who are in the midst of the earth” will be glorified. (Deuteronomy 16:14) At present, Jehovah will make those who know his name, believe in him, and put their trust in him to prosper. (Psalm 9:10; read John 17:3; see the study note entitled “their coming to know you.”) So that those who put their trust in Jehovah and expect to be trusted will know that he is the God of Ope when he will be glorified in them. Jehovah said: “In all things I will take my trust in him and make him glorious, and I will make him known in the hearts of their fathers; and they will know that I am Jehovah.” (Ezek. 38:23) Nowadays, Jehovah, who knows what is right and wrong, is showing that he is his savior, not his enemy!—Mal. 3:16.

16. Why is it so important for people to come to Jehovah now? —John 17:3.

17 It is the way we know how to preach the good news to people throughout the year, as Zechariah 8:23 says! It is also the way we know how to communicate with our brothers and sisters, and the apostles, on different days of the week. We are confident that Jehovah provides us with the things we need to be able to preach on this special day of the week. Therefore, let us use these gifts to help those who come to serve our God, who is gracious, forgiving, and all-loving. It is the only way that we can continue to preach the good news to all people on earth, until Jehovah puts his name above all things.—Luke 11:2.

17. What is the meaning of the door?

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

■ Who are the “Judaeans” who are referred to in Zechariah 8:23?

■ What does it mean for people who observe different days to learn more about Jehovah?

■ Why is it so important for those who know Jehovah’s name to use it?

LA 57

I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'm Yours, I'

NOVEMBER 23-29, 2026

LA 107 God Gives the Right Concern to the Right People

HOW DO WE GET TO THE PRIESTSHIP Let us see how the priesthood leads us to love Jehovah.

How a Priest Who Loves His Children Is a Good Witness to Jehovah

“Every chief priest who is called in the name of men, is called in the name of men.”—HEBREWS 5:1.

(Genesis 3:16; Genesis 3:17; Genesis 3:18; Genesis 3:19; Genesis 3:21; Genesis 3:22; Genesis 3:23; Genesis 3:24; Genesis 3:25; Genesis 3:26; Genesis 3:27; Genesis 3:28; Genesis 3:28; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:28; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis 3:29; Genesis

2 It is obvious that even though we are poor, Jehovah wants to draw us close to him. Therefore, he appointed us priests. He appointed the priests and chief priests of the Israelites, and indeed, he named Jesus the Chief Priest of the Christian congregation. Today, Jesus is the Chief Priest. In this study, we will consider how that hierarchical system of priesthood served those who lived in the past. We will also consider how our Chief Priest, Jesus, serves us today, and how he will serve the 144,000 who are also priests in the future. Then, we will learn how the priestly system is a reflection of Jehovah’s ever-growing love for us.

BOOK WHAT THE KING WHO WAS BROKEN TO KNOW HAD TO DO WITH THE ISRAELITES

3 The wisdom of God inspired the apostle Paul to explain why Jehovah appointed the chief priests of the Israelites. —Read Hebrews 5:1.

1. Why is faith so important to all people? 2. What will we consider in this lesson? 3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how can priests help those who want to serve Jehovah? (See also the video.)

20

He created a barrier between us and the Lord, so that the priestly way of life was a barrier that we could not pass through to the Lord.

(See Figure 3)

The chief priests were the ones whom Jehovah had appointed to lead the Israelites to “do the work of serving God.” The chief priests and their priests encouraged those who wanted to serve Jehovah in truth to devote themselves to him. The chief priests were the ones who helped the Israelites to devote themselves to God. The chief priests and their priests were the ones who helped the Israelites to devote themselves to God.

4 What did the priests do to encourage the Israelites to turn to Jehovah and serve him in the right way? They did so in two important ways. First, the priests taught the people. Malachi 2:7 says: “The priests’ sons were to teach the Israelites the law of Moses, so that they might keep it.” Therefore, the priests were to teach the Israelites the law of Moses, so that they might encourage them to keep it. For example, in Nehemiah’s time, 13 priests, the Levites, led priest Ezra to teach the people of God. Ezra explained their laws in a way that was easy for the people to understand, and this helped the Israelites to put God’s laws into practice in their lives, and to put their trust in God. —Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 In the past, the priests were the ones who took people’s lives in the name of God. They did so because of the sacrifices that were offered to them. The Israelites knew that the Lord would take their lives. Therefore, they needed to have faith and be confident that the Lord would take their lives. (Psalm 51:9) Therefore, the Lord sent the priests to take their lives and offer them as sacrifices. Indeed, the Israelites were delighted when they learned that the Lord would take their lives! The priestly order shows us that indeed, Jehovah loves his children, that he is affectionate to them, and that he wants them to have happiness in this life, and to live forever.

HOW TO USE THE WORDS THAT ARE IN THE BIBLE

6 For in the days of old, when the LORD commanded the priests to minister to the children of Israel, they ministered unto the LORD by offerings,

4. What was an important service that the priests of Israel were to perform?

5. How did the priests who lived in Israel treat people in God’s sight, and what does that tell us about Jehovah?

6. Why did Jehovah appoint some men as priests when he appointed priests for the Israelites?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

For example, when Noah was a child, he made sacrifices to Jehovah. (Genesis 8:20) Abraham also made sacrifices to Jehovah. (Genesis 12:7, 8) Job also made sacrifices for his sons. (Job 1:5) This explains why the Bible appointed men as priests when Jehovah appointed the Levites as priests for the Israelites. (Genesis 12:7, 8) Job also made sacrifices for his sons. (Job 1:5) This explains why the Bible appointed men as priests when Jehovah appointed the Levites as priests for the Israelites. Jehovah told the Israelites: “Let the priests [weku-yis] who perform the service of Jehovah lay down their hands on them, so that Jehovah may do them justice.”—Exodus 19:22.

7 It is obvious that the Bible used the term “priest” when it referred to Melchizedek. (Genesis 14:18) Since he was the only father-priest, he was the supreme ruler. In other words, Jehovah determined that the Messiah would be a ruler and priest like Melchizedek, and he determined that all the good things that the Messiah would do would be forever. —Psalm 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 Later, the Lord came to Israel and sent Moses to them. In this book, the Lord sets out how the priestly order should be administered. Aaron, Moses’ brother, and his sons should serve as priests. (Exodus 40:12-15) The priests are the people who are to be sacrificed for the Israelites. The chief priests are to be sacrificed for all the Israelites, and the priests are to be sacrificed for all the people in Israel. The Levites are to lead them in different ways. The Lord sets out the offerings he is to offer, how they are to be offered, and the way they are to be offered. This is the reason for the good things that will happen in the future.

7. Who was Melchizedek, and in what way was he the Messiah?

8. Who are the priests in Israel, and what do they do?

9 When Jesus was baptized, he became the High Priest, who serves in the temple of Jehovah’s people. (Heb. 8:1) For the third time, Jesus used his power to sacrifice his flesh. Just as he used his power to sacrifice his flesh for the sacrifices of the priests and the Levites in Israel, he also used his power to sacrifice his blood for the sacrifices of the Levites. Just as he used his blood for the sacrifices of the Levites, he also used his power to sacrifice his flesh for the sacrifices of the Levites. 9:24) In God’s Kingdom, the 144,000 chosen ones will follow Jesus, the High Priest, to serve as priests, and will make him their only King. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) Thus, Jehovah and Jesus and the 144,000 will help all those who choose to follow him to be saved. They will also make a paradise for all of them.

10 As we have seen, Jehovah used human priests in ancient times to establish a good relationship between him and his people. All of the priests who served the faithful Israelites were aware that it was necessary for them to have a vision to be fulfilled. In the Last Judgment, Jesus and the 144,000 will serve as priests, and they will be appointed to serve as their own masters in order to serve the people of God. If the people of God are appointed to serve as priests, the priesthood system will also be affected. How will all of the things we learn about this system help us to put greater trust in Jehovah? Let’s take a look.

HOW THE WORSHIP OF GOD’S SON MAKES US LOVE GOD AND LOVE OUR NEIGHBORS

11 The principles of the priesthood show that Jehovah wants us to be his servants.

9-10. Who will be chosen by Jesus to serve as priests in the Last Judgement?

11. In what way does the system of priesthood show that Jehovah wants good relations with mankind?

22 MONITORING MEETING

When people sin against God, it creates a gap between us and God. Let God make a hole in this gap so that we can come closer to him. God wants us to pray to him, to do what is right in his love, and to make a good relationship with him so that we can live forever. (2 Cor. 5:18) God knows that it is hard for us to do this, but he has made us sin. Because of his love for us, he has done everything he can to make us trust him and do what is right in his love. Didn’t that help you grow in love with Jehovah?

12 Jesus also wants us to have a good relationship with Jehovah. As the High Priest, he also cares about us as “the ones who are to be taken to the Father.” (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25.) What are some of the things that Jesus cares about when he cares about us? First, he cares about how we grow up, how we are taught, how strong we are in our hearts, and the hardships we face. Second, he cares about the good qualities we have, the good things we do, and how faithful we are to Jehovah. Because Jesus knows what is going on in our hearts, he knows how much we care, how much we pray that Jehovah will take care of us, and how much we want him to do it for us. Therefore, we can be sure that Jehovah cares about us, and that he made it clear that he would take care of us with the same care Jesus took for us. (Psalm 86:5) It is clear that Jehovah is the one who told Jesus that he cares for us.

13 Let us have a priestly way of life

12. How does the fact that Jesus is the High Priest who has borne the burden of our sins inspire us? (Hebrews 7:25) (Read the full text.)

13. Why did Jehovah choose Jesus to be His High Priest, and how does this inspire you to live in obedience? (Hebrews 4:16)

Our High Priest Jesus cares about the good things we do, let us hope that He will take care of us, and the way we choose to do it.

(See section 12)

We know that God wants us to follow him. (Read Hebrews 4:16.) Because Jesus is our Supreme Priest, we can follow him in the church. God appreciates when we pray to him, because praying to him shows that we are devoted to him. Sometimes, we need to tell God how we feel about ourselves. In other cases, we need to tell God what we feel about ourselves in the church. (Rom. 8:26.) When we pray to God, he takes care of us and encourages us. Therefore, let us make ourselves ready for the glory of the Father, who loves and rejoices in us forever and ever.

(Ezek. 33:11) The sacrifices that were made in the past were not meant to make atonement for the sins of God’s servants. (Heb. 7:19) In order to make these offerings, Jehovah made his servants realize that there was a sacrifice needed to make atonement for the sins of God’s servants. This was the way Jesus Christ would use his power to make atonement for the sins of mankind. This heavenly offering would allow him to make atonement for mankind’s sins. It would also allow those who believed in him to have eternal life. We are confident that God has made it possible for us to have eternal life in the end!—1 John 4:10.

15 Jehovah shows his love for those whom he chooses to serve as priests. Just as Jesus chose to live in truth, so those whom he chooses must also choose to live in truth. (Philip. 2:8; Eph. 2:10) We need to show that we have chosen to live in truth, so that we may have a lasting relationship with God.

14. What does Jehovah do to show that he wants people to have eternal life?

15. How can we learn about Jehovah’s love for us by considering the people whom he has designated as his priests?

We can be sure that in the Final Judgment, God’s love will inspire us to do what is right, and ultimately lead us to sin. He will inspire us to repent of the sin that Adam and Eve committed against us. These good things are possible because of Jesus’ sacrifice of his power. Jesus and those who follow him as his Lord will continue to do these good things until all that Jehovah wants for us is achieved, and the earth becomes a paradise.—Revelation 22:1, 2.

16 Our High Priest knows how we suffer as human beings in heaven, because he himself came to see us on earth as a human being. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) For example, don’t they beat you at times? Jesus did. (John 4:6) Don’t they beat you? Jesus did beat him. (Matthew 4:2; John 19:28) Don’t people hate you and want to kill you because of what you do? Jesus did beat them. (Isaiah 50:6; John 15:20) Didn’t your brother die? Jesus also died, and Lazarus died, and Jesus called Joseph also died. Therefore, we can rest assured that our Supreme Priest, Jesus Christ, sees all our sins in heaven, and knows what he will do for us, because he sees all our sins in heaven.

17 For thousands and forty-four thousand looked upon him in the midst of men, that they might see us, and that they might show us the joy which is in him: for they also were in time past men of sin, and of evil. Wherefore they know that if any man doeth evil, he is forgiven; and that if any man doeth righteousness, he is forgiven; and that if any man doeth wrong, he is punished.

16. In what way does Hebrews 4:15 tell us that Jesus is the one who was appointed to serve as our High Priest?

17. Why can’t we be sure that the 144,000 will look at us and show us their joy?

24 MONITORING

We are all different, and we live in different worlds. We come from different cultures, and we have different lives. Therefore, every person you see in this meeting, one of the 144,000 people, has a different life.

18 Everything we think about in the priesthood shows us that Jehovah loves us very much, that he cares about how we care about him, that he takes care of us, and that he is very kind to us. Satan is always trying to get us to do this for him. (Deuteronomy 12:10) We learn from this lesson that God has done all things for us so that we can rely on him, and so that we can be sure that we can do what he wants us to do. Doesn’t that make you rely on God? Doesn’t it make you sure that God loves you, and that he will take care of you?

19 Sometimes, we may not realize that it is our fault or that Jehovah may not show us love when we do something wrong. This lesson shows us that Jehovah looks at us, and he knows how we feel, because he knows that we are weak. He knows that we are ourselves. (Psalm 103:14) Therefore, Jehovah is mindful of the evil things we do, but he is mindful of the good things we do, the things we want to do, and the things we want to do for ourselves in the future. If it makes us feel guilty, and we focus our thoughts on the sin we have committed, we should know that Jehovah “knows our hearts and knows all things.”—1 John 3:20.

20 As we have learned in this lesson, Jehovah has chosen the priesthood as a means for us to serve him in a proper way. Jehovah loves us so much that he wants us to trust him. Just as Jehovah’s servants who have fallen asleep can’t go to heaven, Jehovah has chosen the priests who are asleep, so that they can go to Jehovah and have a good relationship with him. Therefore, we should use our efforts to show that we care about this matter, as we are urged to do in Hebrews 4:16. He said: “Therefore, let us speak a language that is suitable for the purpose of sustaining ourselves, so that we may be able to sustain ourselves so that we may be able to sustain ourselves in the future.”

18. What does the tradition of the priesthood teach us about Jehovah, and how does that influence your attitude toward Jehovah?

19. When it makes us feel like we are going to die, how does Jehovah feel about us?

20. Why do you believe in the priesthood, and what have you been commanded to do?

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

■ Why did Jehovah appoint human priests?

■ Which types of priests did Jehovah appoint in different places and do they appear in the Bible?

■ How did you get into the priesthood?

ARTICLE 16 How Does Jehovah Care About His Son Christ?

NOVEMBER 30-DECEMBER 6, 2026

LA 22 Let Your Kingdom Come!

We will look at how we can go about ourselves by focusing on three things that we may not be able to do in the future.

Become the “One Who Loves You” Who Will Be With You Forever

“Everything that is in the world... returns to the Father to be.” —1 JOHN 2:16.

(John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) The Bible says that Satan’s influence on Christ’s apostles is very strong. (Revelation 12:12, 13, 17) This means that Satan is in every place, and he is our enemy at all times. Indeed, the Bible tells us that the apostles are in the position of being in every place at all times, being the apostles, being the good apostles. Satan is in the position of being the enemy of all the apostles who rely on him. (Revelation 12:9) There is one thing that Satan does at all times, and that is the influence of Satan at all times, that is, the influence of Satan at all times. The influence of Satan at all times is the influence of Satan at all times. It is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and it is the influence of Satan at all times, and (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) When people believe that Satan is in power, they do what he wants them to do. In a way, “he tries to get them to do what he wants them to do.”—2 Timothy 2:26.

2 At some point, some of us do the things that people in the world do today. When we understand what the purpose of the world is, and what is happening in the world, then it is helpful for us to apply the Bible study below. That is, to “do things that please God with the things of the world.” (Titus 2:11, 12) It is true that Satan has great power, and he has power over all people in the world, but if we do things that please God, we show that we want to live with God.

1. How does Satan attempt to influence people today? (1 John 2:15, 16)

2-3. (a) In what way does Jehovah’s people take care of those who have “the spirit of the world” in their hearts? (b) Why is it important that we take care of ourselves at all times?

26

He said that he was afraid that his mother would not be able to take care of him.

(See Figure 5)

(James 4:7, 8) Indeed, Jehovah’s servants were very proud of themselves because they were so determined to do what was right.

3 However, we need to keep our eyes on ourselves, because the thoughts of the age and its peculiarities may not influence us to be happy. This is what happens to some people. When they make a major change in their service to Jehovah, the thoughts of the age and its peculiarities return to them. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) Therefore, this lesson will show us some things we can do to prevent such things from happening to us. Later, we will consider what the words “the thoughts of the age and its peculiarities” mean.—1 Cor. 2:12.

WHAT IS “THE LORD”?

4 The use of the “je o mumi”

The Bible shows how people in the world think about things and how they do things. People in the world who have the power of the Spirit of God are inspired by their own thoughts. Moreover, they are guided by the laws of God’s love. For example, every person in the world thinks that someone will talk about something, or that he will do something that will make them feel good. This leads them to “do what is right in their eyes,” which is to say, to do what is right in the eyes of the Lord.—1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The jealousy is Satan’s way of trying to “seduce all those who are in the world,” and he is very angry. (Revelation 12:9) Paul called the jealousy a “feather.” (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) That’s a very good thing! The feather caught us, and we fled.

4. What is the “evil spirit,” and how does it affect us today?

5. In what way is the spirit of the world a “wood”? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also the footnote.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

The word “je o mumi” refers to a cow that is wearing a robe, and if we wear it, it will make us feel comfortable. Therefore, let us consider the ways in which the je o mumi can influence us in the future, and what we can do to help the je o mumi to influence us in the future.

MO KUA MUNYUHI NƐ SƐ TUMI

6 The Bible says that in the days of judgment, people will be treated as “the ungodly, the wicked,” and “those who are full of selfishness.” (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Nowadays, people use these words in their conversations. For example, we see in the Bible that ungodly language among some people is causing violence to spread. In addition, ungodly language is being used in every nation. Likewise, priests and elders are using ungodly words in their conversations. (Eph. 5:3, 4) It is clear that words that seem to be ungodly are destroying the spirit of the day.

7 As Christians, we should set a good example in how we speak when we meet people or speak with them in public. (James 1:26, 27) Therefore, we should ask ourselves: ‘How do I speak? Do I follow the words that I say, or do I follow those who are known to be members of Jehovah’s Witnesses? If I speak with brothers in public, do I do so in a way that shows that I respect them, or do I speak in a way that makes the words in which I speak make sense?

8 What should we do if we find that our speech is influenced by the spirit of the world? It is our speech that must change. Jesus said: “Everything that is good in the heart goes away, and the things that are bad go on.” (Matt. 15:18) As Jesus said, our speech reflects what is good in our hearts. That is why the Bible uses “good words,” or “good thoughts,” rather than “bad words,” or “bad thoughts.” (Eph. 4:31) If you feel that you are facing these challenges, pray that Jehovah will give you the strength to deal with them, and that you will be able to overcome “the obstacle.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) Also, you will not be able to talk about these issues in the congregation’s books. Try to make sure that the obstacle that you are facing has the power to influence your way of speaking and doing things.—Eph. 4:29.

MO KUA JE MI BAMI YAYAHI

9 Today, the world is changing, and people are thinking about the laws that God has set for us to follow, and about what God wants us to do. We think about things like man against man, man against man, and man against man. (Isaiah 5:20) If we look at this, we can see that the world is not changing our love for evil. (2 Corinthians 11:3) Then we can see that the way we think about things is changing, and that the laws in the Bible are changing. That is the right way of thinking! What God wants us to do is changing for us all the time. His paths are the same as the paths of men, and they will be happy to walk in them.—Isaiah 48:17, 18; 55:9.

6. In what way does the spirit of the age appear in people’s speech today?

7. What questions should we ask ourselves about our speech?

8. What can we do to make our words more powerful? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. Does every person have the right to choose what God wants them to do with their lives?

28 MONITORING MEETING

10 Those who want to please Jehovah should do what he wants to do. (Psalm 97:10) Therefore, we can ask ourselves: ‘Doesn’t it seem to me that Jehovah’s laws concerning life are in harmony with the way I want to live? Doesn’t it seem to me that the things I do are in harmony with what he wants to do? Does it seem to me that God has changed his laws concerning life so that I can do things that please him?’

11 What can you do if you are determined to focus on the things Jehovah wants you to do? Make sure that you are willing to do the things Jehovah wants you to do. You know that we all have our shortcomings, and that sometimes we have to think about things we don’t want to do. (Psalm 51:5; 103:14) You can’t say that you’re going to do things you don’t want to do, but you can say that you’re going to do “the things Jehovah wants you to do.” (Ephesians 2:3) Moreover, you can’t force yourself to think about things you don’t want to do. If you are determined to focus on things you don’t want to do, you can only focus on the things Jehovah wants you to do. (Genesis 39:9, 12) Also, think about how these things might affect your relationship with Jehovah and your brothers and sisters. Don’t be afraid that you have the ability to do that. (Ephesians 5:5) In your faith and understanding of Jehovah, you will not be able to do what he wants you to do.

HOW DO YOU KNOW WHAT IS OSLAAHI AND WHAT IS THE INTERNET?

12 All of us use the Internet for work or school. We also use it in our private lives. Everything on the Internet is changing rapidly. For example, the Internet is a huge source of pornography, which is viewed by teachers and students alike. Pornographic content, such as pornographic images, videos, and cartoons, is being viewed by children and young adults alike. All of the content on the Internet is genuine. Sometimes, people upload videos of funny things that happen in their lives, or videos of funny things that have happened to them, to the Internet. However, when we see something like that, it should make us think that we are part of a funny thing that happens in our lives, and therefore we should take it as a lesson to do things that make us happy. This can lead others to take part in funny activities or church gatherings.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 We should be careful about what we see on the Internet that may be dangerous or harmful to us. So we should ask ourselves: ‘Is it because I’m watching something on social media that I’m interested in?’ (Eph. 5:15, 16) ‘What things do I watch on the Internet? If I see something that’s wrong, don’t I take pleasure in watching it?’ (Psalm 119:37) ‘Do I trust everything I see on the Internet, or do I make sure it’s true?’ —Proverbs 14:15.

14 In order to keep ourselves from being overwhelmed by the world, we need to keep ourselves away from the Internet, and we need to keep an eye on what’s going on. We also need to keep ourselves from watching the amount of time our children spend on social media, and what’s going on in the community. (Ephesians 6:4) Research has shown that at times, the amount of time spent on social media is much greater than the amount of time spent at home.

10. What questions should we ask ourselves about other things that Jehovah does?

11. How can we do the things that Jehovah does?

12. In what ways is the Internet a source of sexual harassment?

13. What questions should we ask ourselves about how we use the Internet?

14. What steps can we take to protect ourselves from the dangers of the Internet?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

The media on the Internet is considered to be selfish, harmful, and affectionate toward those who live on it. If you use the materials in the Bible, you will not be able to control the content on the Internet.

I DON'T WANT YOU TO KNOW IT!

15 If you feel that your jealousy has taken hold of you in some way, do what you can to get rid of it. Consider what happened to Gloria*. She learned the truth when she was a young girl, and her jealousy took hold of her, and she thought it was right for her to have her own name and to have her own income. She said, “I want to do everything. That’s why I left the congregation, and forever, I want to be a member of the congregation.” In the end, Gloria felt that her jealousy for Jehovah’s servants in her neighborhood had taken hold of her, and she wanted to have her own income. What did she do? She said: “I keep studying the Bible, and I pray a lot. I’m also in close contact with people who are serving Jehovah. I feel that although I’m sick, I’m very happy because Jehovah is doing all the good things for me in my life, and I’m going to be a good person. I’m very happy that Jehovah is the one who is helping me in my life, even after Satan has taken over.”

* Names have been changed in this article.

15. What did you learn from Gloria’s experiences? (Read the audio as well.)

What can you do to help your neighbor feel comfortable? (Read section 15.)

30 MONITORING MEETING

16 Consider Robert’s actions. As Robert’s schoolmates became more and more obsessed with him, he took things out of his closet, pulled a cigarette out of his pocket, and threw it into the faces of men and women. He said, “I think that if you do whatever you want, you’ll be happy.” Otherwise, Robert would have had to deal with the thought that he was going to get sick, because he would have become a slave to the desire to do whatever he wanted. (2 Pet. 2:19) What did Robert do? He said, “You are the ones Jehovah loves to do. I’ve changed my way of living, I’ve changed the way I talk, and I’ve changed the way I speak.” How does Robert feel now? He says: “I’m happy because I feel that I’m doing what Jehovah wants me to do. I’m happy that I’m doing what I want to do right now. That’s what makes me so happy.”

16. What did you learn from Robert’s experience?

17 What things do we consider in this study? We find that it is necessary that we take great care when we use the Internet. Therefore, make sure that you are aware of what is being said, and of the things that Jehovah does, and that you are aware of the oslaahi that are on the Internet. It seems that the Internet is very powerful, but you should not be afraid of it. You cannot be afraid of the Internet, because Jehovah is very powerful when it comes to Satan. (Read 1 John 4:4.) Moreover, Jehovah will give you his goodness, which is the power that will be with you throughout the age, so that it will enable you to live the life of the age. (Luke 11:13) Therefore, let us all make every effort to ‘stay in God’s love,’ so that the life of the age will be with us.—Galatians 5:16.

17. Why can’t you feel confident that you can’t keep your mouth shut? (1 John 4:4)

WHAT WE SHOULD KNOW ABOUT “THE ONE WHO IS” AND WHAT WE SHOULD KNOW ABOUT HIM:

wa munyu tumi mi?

How do we know what Jehovah wants?

How do we use the Internet?

LA 124 Wa Maa Ye Anɔkuale Daa

HOW DOES THE MONITORING OF GOD’S WORSHIP WORK?

September 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 10 DANGME

THE BIBLE IS MY LIFE

“Let It Be Known That Christ Suffered for Me as He Suffered for His Father in You”

Colossians 3:15 speaks of “Christ’s joy.” What is “Christ’s joy”? It is the joy of being a disciple of Christ. We have this joy because we know that Jehovah and his Son Jesus love us very much.—John 14:23, 27.

Paul urged the Christians in the Colossean congregation to keep that joy in their hearts, or in their minds. In what way? Paul’s use of the Greek word “your” in this verse refers to “your father,” who was someone who encouraged or directed you to take care of someone else’s care. This suggests that, just as the present is something that encourages you to take care of someone else, so should “the joy in Christ” be as much of a part of your life as it is of ours.

For example, if we have a dispute with a brother or sister, or if we are angry with him or her about something, we should ask “the joy that is in Christ” to guide us. It will help us to know what we should do to gain that joy. Until we can do that, we may have to sacrifice some of our love for him or her, and we may have to give him or her things we love. By doing so, we show that we have “the joy that is in Christ” in our hearts.—Colossians 3:12-14.

MUNYUHI NƐ NGƐ MI

Monthly Readings for November 2-8 | 2

Keep Yourself Motivated by the Thought of Jehovah’s Goodness

Monthly Readings for November 9-15 | 8

How You Don't Like It When You're In “Tue Bumi Tsui” Ha

Monthly Readings for November 16-22 | 14

We Have a Great Respect for Those Who Are “In Their Own Ways”

Monthly Readings for November 23-29 | 20

How a Priest Who Loves His Children Is a Good Witness to Jehovah

Monthly Readings November 30–December 6 | 26

Become the “One Who Loves You” Who Will Be With You Forever

We’re grateful for your support. It’s a great way to keep Bible education going, and people are eager to give something they love. If you’re interested in helping, we encourage you to visit donate.jw.org.

The chapters in the book are entitled The Great Book—Let’s Take a Closer Look. If we take a closer look and apply it to a particular topic, we’ll get a clearer picture.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org or scan this code

JW.ORG

w26.09-DG