JUNE 2026

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE

ANNOUNCEMENT DATE: AUGUST 10-SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

HADZIDZI 122

Be Strong, Mawamavãe!

TAŊODZINUA

This story helps us to know that no matter what troubles of faith come upon us, we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah.

How We Can Be Stronger in the Face of Scientific Challenges

“Lord, where shall we go? For you have everlasting words.”—JOHN 6:68.

Once, while preaching in Capernaum, Jesus said to the people: “Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man, and drink his blood, you will not have life.” He also said: “He who eats my flesh, and drinks my blood, has eternal life, and I will raise him up on the next day.”—John 6:53, 54. Many of Jesus’ disciples did not like this saying, so they said: “Woe! What a hard word is this! Who can bear to hear this?” —John 6:60.

2 When Jesus said this, many of his disciples turned away from him. Does this mean that they did not accept him again? Not at all, because many of these disciples were so impressed by what Jesus had done before that they said, “This is the Prophet who was to come into the world.” (John 6:14) This makes it clear that these disciples had accepted Jesus somewhere. But when Jesus said something that they did not understand, they turned away from him and did not follow him.

3 The apostles continued to be faithful to Jesus. When Jesus asked them if they also wanted to go, Peter replied: “Lord, to whom shall we go? For you have the eternal words; we have heard, and we have believed that you are the Son of God.” (John 6:68, 69) Note that Peter did not say anything to indicate that he and the other apostles fully understood Jesus’ words about eating his flesh and drinking his blood. No matter how much they understood Jesus’ words, they continued to say:

1-2. What happened one day when Jesus was preaching in Capernaum?

3. How did Jesus’ apostles laugh, and why? (See also the picture.)

2

Although many of the disciples converted to Jesus, Peter and the other apostles continued to follow him (see section 3)

Why? Because they were convinced that Jesus was “the Christ of God,” and because they believed in this truth.—Luke 9:20, 35.

4 There are a number of things that can affect our relationship with Jehovah. For example, how do we react when the organization changes our understanding of a Bible verse or our way of preaching? Or do you face a difficult situation that makes it difficult for you to understand why Jehovah has directed him to do so? Or may a fellow Christian do something that causes you or someone you care about in the congregation to be treated inappropriately? All of these things can affect your faith.

5 We need to have the faith that overcomes uncertainty. For example, in places where there are earthquakes, the builders make sure that the foundation of the house is well fixed so that if the ground moves, the house won’t collapse. However, we need to have the faith that allows us to stand firm when we are faced with difficulties like those discussed in the previous chapter. Therefore, it is important that we build our faith on the uncertainty that exists so that we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah when we are faced with difficulties.—1 Cor. 15:58; read Colossians 1:23.

6 What helped the apostles to remain faithful to Jesus when many people turned away from him? The apostles were convinced that they should worship Jehovah because he is the creator of all things. They were convinced that Jesus is the Son of God, who “has eternal words.” They were also convinced that Jehovah is completely behind Jesus. In this article, we will look at three facts that will help us remain faithful to Jehovah in each of these situations. They are:

4. What can influence our faith?

5. Give an example of why we should put our faith to the test of ignorance. (Colossians 1:23)

6. What helped the apostles to continue to follow Jesus?

JUNE 2026 3

(1) Jehovah is the Creator of all things. (2) Jehovah’s holy spirit inspired people to write the Bible. (3) Jehovah’s Witnesses use Jehovah God today. If we fully accept these truths, we will continue to be steadfast when we face challenges in our faith.

THE LORD IS WITH US

7 Read Revelation 4:11. The Bible tells us that Jehovah is the Creator of all things, and that he is worthy of our worship. When we think about his threefold power, we can be sure that he can save us from all our troubles. However, Satan is spreading such lies in this world that many people are not convinced that God exists. It is no surprise that some scientists even claim that life originated spontaneously. Therefore, we need to be completely convinced that Jehovah is the Creator and that he loves us so much. If we don’t, we’re likely to be afraid that he won’t be willing to help us in difficult situations.—Hebrews 11:6.

8 If you’re not convinced that Jehovah is the Creator, you should take a step back. Browse our books to find evidence that Jehovah is the Creator. You can find more evidence that will strengthen your faith in the books Was Life Created? or La vie a-t-elle été créée? and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking or Cinq questions à se poser sur l’origine de la vie. You can find more evidence of this in various books and videos titled “How Did They Do It?” on jw.org. A young sister named Jessica, who lives in the United States, says: “After reading our books, I became convinced that there is a Creator who made all things.

7. (a) What warning is given in Revelation 4:11? (b) What can happen when we face challenges in faith?

8-9. What should you do if you are not convinced that Jehovah is the Creator? (See also the picture.)

You may have read one of our publications that proves that there is a Creator. But do you want to read it?

(See note 8)

Image (Nebula): IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; source: Mercedes-Benz USA; image: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

But the research shows that I’m not alone.” Chapters 6 and 7 of the booklet Watch Out! have been very helpful to many people. You may have studied it, but do you want to do so?

9 In your self-examination, you can explore the evidence that proves God’s existence. This will not only help you convince yourself that Jehovah exists, but it will also help you learn more about his other characteristics. (Rom. 1:20) You can also use what you have learned to help others who are not convinced that God exists. In the end, all of the things that God has done that he has told us about prove that he exists.

GOD'S WORSHIP FOR PEOPLE WHO READ THE BIBLE

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. The Bible is God’s message to mankind. It contains answers to important questions about life and helps us understand God’s will and expectations for us. We believe that Jehovah is the author of the Bible, which is why it is the most important book in our lives. It is important that we understand God’s Word and try to live by it.

11 Why can we be sure that Jehovah’s holy spirit inspired people to write the Bible? There are several reasons for this. For example, the Bible’s account of what happened is accurate. (Luke 3:1, 2) The Bible’s account of the heavens and the earth and the things that are in them is accurate. (Job 26:7) Despite Satan’s attempts to deceive us, the Bible is true.

The Bible was written by more than 40 people, and it was written in 1,150,000 handwritten copies, all of which were copied together. Although the Bible was written in a very small number of copies, the advice it contains is still relevant to millions of people today. (Luke 13:20; 15:21; Matthew 7:12) And there are many prophecies in the Bible that confirm that we can trust it. (Joshua 23:14) Yes, God’s spirit inspired people to write the Bible!

12 What should you do if you are unsure that the Bible is from God? You should ask Jehovah to help you understand how you feel about it. For example, a young woman named Jordan, whose parents are Jehovah’s Witnesses, says: “I don’t just take what I’m told. I don’t think I’m going to be able to understand it myself. And sometimes, when I’m confused or have a question that makes me angry, I try to dig into the books for ourselves so that we can understand things better.” (1 Cor. 3:12, 13) If we continue to do things that confirm that God’s holy spirit inspired the people who wrote the Bible, it will strengthen us and keep us steadfast in faith. —1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

GOD'S WORSHIPS ARE GOD'S WORSHIP WITH HIMSELF

13 If it is difficult for you to accept that Jehovah’s Witnesses are the organization you use

10. Why is the Bible so important to us? —2 Timothy 3:16, 17.

11. What makes you believe that the Bible was written by God’s spirit?

12. If you are not convinced that the Bible is from God, what should you do?

13. What should you do if you are unsure whether Jehovah’s Witnesses is the organization that uses Jehovah God today?

JUNE 2026 | 5

It is from Jehovah that His people throughout the world love each other and are one (see paragraph 16)

Jehovah God exists today, but you need to do something immediately to eliminate this misunderstanding. To do this, ask yourself the following questions: ‘Who are striving to live according to the principles of the Bible? Which organization bases all its beliefs on the Bible?’ (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) ‘Who are doing Jehovah’s will today?’ —Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 To identify those who are doing God’s will today, ask yourself: ‘Who are carrying out the preaching work that Jesus said would be done in the coming days?’ (Matt. 24:14) The answer is simple. Jehovah God is carrying out this work through his people, his followers. We, Jehovah’s followers, have been preaching the good news of God’s Kingdom in more than 240 nations. We have been doing this work for 1,500 years, and the King of God’s Kingdom is with us in this work. Yes, we are carrying out the most important work of preaching and teaching people.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

14. What shows that Jehovah’s Witnesses are living the words in Matthew 24:14 today?

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:10. Most people don’t know that God’s name is Jehovah. But for Jehovah’s Witnesses, the fact that we have that name is a great surprise, and it has helped to make it known to many people today. However, although God’s name appears in over 1,000 ancient Bible books, it has been omitted from many of the Bibles. However, in the New International Version of the Holy Scriptures, we have used the name wherever it appears.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. There is no unity in the world, and disease has taken hold. But Jehovah’s people love each other and are one. Even though we come from different nations, cultures, and ethnicities, we try to live in peace with each other and love our brothers and sisters. Are you traveling and attending a meeting in another church? If so, you will notice

15. How do Jehovah’s Witnesses use God’s name today? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Why can we say that Jehovah’s Witnesses are living the commandment in John 13:34, 35? (See also the picture.)

APPENDIX 6

The love and unity among our brothers and sisters is everywhere. That’s why Jehovah’s Witnesses use Jehovah today to accomplish his purposes. If you have this in mind, it will help you to be more faithful to Jehovah when you face challenges in your faith.

May God be with you.

17 We live in difficult times, so things are not easy for all of us. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) We may face difficult situations that depress us. Perhaps Jehovah’s organization is making changes or giving us guidance that we don’t fully understand. Perhaps a brother or sister is doing something that we don’t understand, but we don’t know what to do about it or why it’s happening.

18 Even though these things may make us angry, we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah. What helps us? It helps us to know that Jehovah is the Creator, that his spirit inspired people to write the Bible, and that Jehovah’s Witnesses are his people today. Then, like Peter said to Jesus, we can say to Jehovah with confidence: “Where shall we go?

WHAT WAS IN THE PHOTOS Axis 6: It happened to a young man and his wife while they were out on the water and they saw some brothers and sisters of the Jews who were working in the field.

17-18. What difficult situations may come upon us, but what can we overcome?

WHAT ARE THE RECOMMENDATIONS FOR US WHEN THE WORDS OF GOD COME TO US?

■ Jehovah is the Creator

■ God’s Holy Spirit inspired people to write the Bible

■ Jehovah Is With His People Today

HADZIDZI 123

Faithful Obedience to Theocratic Principles

AUGUST 17-23, 2026

HADZIDZI 90 Mide Dzi Fo Na Mia Nɔewo

Some circumstances may make it difficult for us to make friends with others. This article will help us to see what we can do to be friends with others.

How to Become Close Friends with Your Christian Neighbors

“Wear repentance, gentleness, humility, strength, and all patience.”—COL. 3:12.

“God knows that we need friends who are willing to help us.” Have you noticed the meaning of these words, which are often translated as “loving friends”? It is a great joy that we can find true friends among Jehovah’s people! (Ps. 119:63) We are a great family of Jehovah’s servants who love each other.

2 Not only do we want to know our neighbors, but we also want to be friends with them and have a close relationship with them. As Jehovah’s servants, we love both God and Jesus, and that love unites us. (John 13:35) Our friendships are not spontaneous, but require effort. Because we are not perfect, there are some problems that can make it difficult for us to become close friends.

3 In fact, we are more closely associated with some people than with others. This is because they may have the same things that please us, or they may have the same attitudes and behaviour that we have. But it may be better for us to be friends with other brothers and sisters. Sometimes, however, differences between us and our brothers and sisters can lead to a breakdown of our friendship if we are not careful. Or, because their attitudes and behaviour differ from ours, it is necessary to be friendly with them. And sometimes, even when our brothers and sisters are struggling, it may be difficult to remain close friends. In this article, we will look at how Jesus’ example can help us to be close friends.

1. Where can we find true friends?

2. How should we be with our fellow Christians?

3. What can make it easier for us to be close to our brothers and sisters?

8

Our brothers and sisters should remain united when problems arise. But first, let us look at the good characteristics of Christians that help us to be friends in the world.

THE NEW CHRISTIAN WORDS ARE AT OUR SIDE IN OUR WORLD

⁴ If we focus on the good manners of our brothers and sisters, this will strengthen our friendship with them. If we interact with our brothers and sisters together, this will help us to keep an eye on their good manners. The Apostle Paul was keen to live among the brothers and sisters. He said to the Thessalonians: “Let us strive to be seen in your sight.” (1 Thessalonians 2:17) Many brothers and sisters have found that their friendship with the brothers and sisters is weakened when they are apart in face-to-face. And there are many opportunities for us to do so when we are at churches, meetings, conferences, and large gatherings. However, if there is a problem, it is necessary to do more than just talk and talk with them.

5 Christian qualities help us to overcome differences and become closer friends. (Read Colossians 3:12.) If we humble ourselves, become humble, turn our minds toward others, and turn away from differences, it will be easier for us to overcome differences and become closer friends with our brothers and sisters. Just as a good mind helps a good body work, Christian qualities help us to become closer friends with our brothers and sisters. Now let’s look at three things that can help us to be closer to our brothers and sisters. In each of them, let us see how the humility, gentleness, compassion and repentance of Jesus can help us to become true friends of one another.

NE WÒ KPLE NƆVI AƔE ƑE SUSU TO VOVO LE NANE ŊU

⁶ Why can this be a problem? If two people have different opinions on something, each of them thinks that his opinion is the best. Let’s say two brothers are discussing how their grandchildren should work in the home, but they have different opinions on the best way. Each of them insists that his opinion is the best. Don’t you see that this can become a big issue that can ruin their friendship? If they don’t watch carefully, a mother can make each of their grandchildren think that a good relationship between them is important. If they do not take care of the matter, they will be angry with each other, and they will not be able to keep away from each other, and then their friendship will be broken again because of this one thing.

⁷ Follow Jesus’ humility. One of the most important things Jesus taught his disciples that helped them overcome differences was humility. One of the reasons why his disciples disputed among themselves about who was greater was that they were so concerned about this that, in order to help them change their minds, Jesus told them to consider others greater than themselves. (Matt. 20:25-28) Jesus understood this as a reason to humble themselves. Even on the eve of his death, he gave up his “self-esteem.”

4. What can we do to strengthen our friendship with our brothers and sisters?

5. What will help us to continue to be friends even when differences arise? (Colossians 3:12)

6. What happens when two people have different opinions about something?

7. What did Jesus do to show the chosen kings that they needed to humble themselves in order to overcome their differences?

JUNE 2026

9

Self-esteem can help you take advantage of the information you have and make it available to others.

(See note 8)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) This example teaches them how to become closer friends. If disciples see others as greater than themselves, it will be easier for them to accept each other’s opinions, even when they differ. This will help them to become closer friends.

8 What can you do to help your friends? Being humble can help you to take advantage of the wrong words you hear and to use them wisely. (Read Colossians 3:13.) When you humble yourself, you will not be upset if you disagree with someone else, and you will become closer friends. (Ps. 4:4) If someone else says something that you don’t like, remember that we all say things that affect us later on. (Proverbs 7:21, 22) Ask yourself: ‘What do I think is more important than our friendship?’ You can help him or her listen to what he or she thinks. If you do that and don’t resent it later on, you’ll be encouraged.

9 If there is a difference between you and a brother or sister, humility will help you to take care of it. Don’t be convinced that he or she thinks the best. (Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7.) Make your friendship with him or her more important to you. Many brothers and sisters do this to keep their friendship alive; they resolve the issue in peace. (Ps. 34:14.) You may say to your neighbor, “We don’t know each other. I don’t want to take responsibility for what has happened to us.” You may say, “I don’t know each other. I don’t want to take responsibility for what has happened to me.” You may say, “I don’t know each other. I don’t want to take responsibility for what has happened to me.” You may say, “I don’t know each other. I don’t want to take responsibility for what has happened to me.” You may say, “I don’t know each other. I don’t want to take responsibility for what has happened to me.” You may say, “I don’t know each other.” You may say, “I don’t know each other. I don’t want to take responsibility for what has happened to me.” You may say, “I don’t know each other. I don’t want to take responsibility for what has happened to me.” You may say, “I don’t know each other.” You may say, “I don’t know each other. I don’t want to take responsibility for what has happened to me.” You may say, “I don’t know each other. I don’t want to take responsibility for what has happened to me.” You may say, “I don’t know each other.” You may say, “I don’t know each other.” You may say, “I don’t know each other. I don’t want to take responsibility for what has happened to (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember that the important thing is to continue to be friends, not who you are or who you are not.—Luke 18:24.

8. How will humility help you and your brothers and sisters to remain in harmony even when you have different opinions? (Colossians 3:13) (See also the pictures.)

9. How can humility help you when there is a difference between you and a brother or sister? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 GB BETA BLOOD

NE WÒ KPLE XÕWÒA FE AMENYENYE TO VOVO

10 Why can this be a problem? Maybe it is easier for us to make friends with people whose personalities are different from our own, and to have a close relationship with them. It makes us want to be closer, but it can also make us feel uncomfortable. Sometimes we may find ourselves in a situation where we don’t feel comfortable. Some people don’t know how to interact with others, perhaps because they have been abused. In places where some people are present, they are self-conscious. Others, because of their circumstances, may choose not to interact with others. These situations can make it easier for us to be friends with each other.

11 Experience Jesus’ self-confidence. Jesus made friends with people who were different from him and continued to be friends with them. For example, the apostles James and John asked Jesus to give them a special place in the Kingdom; this is self-confidence. (Mark 10:35-37) But Jesus did not. Despite the fact that the place was in the middle of the sea, He bent down and threw Himself to the ground. (Philippians 2:5-8) Consider this. Jesus’ attitude toward the king was very different from that of James and John! Yet, Jesus had compassion for them and for the other enemies.

12 Jesus did not expect his friends to do this all the time. Jesus knew that not only James and John were in the great distress, but the other prisoners as well. (Mark 9:34) Since Jesus and his prisoners were in the same neighborhood,

10. Why is it helpful to make friends with some of our brothers and sisters?

11. What helped Jesus to become a friend of people who were different from him?

12. What helped Jesus to be kind to his friends?

(Luke 22:37-39) Jesus was aware of the temptation that the religious leaders of the time were putting on his followers to follow him, and he felt compassion for them. He gave them the opportunity to repent and to show the greatness that had been in them since they were young.—Mark 10:42-45.

13 What can you do to help your friends feel better about you? If you are upset by someone else’s behavior, try to forgive him or her. (Luke 14:29) Because we are all different, and because we all have things that are unpleasant to some people, even if they are not inherently bad, we feel better when others feel good about us. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) We also need to love people whose personalities are different from our own. For example, it may take a lot of effort to get someone to feel good about us, so we need to forgive them. Similarly, we should consider a person who is friendly and willing to socialize. Although friendships with some people may be closer than others, we should remember that even people with very different backgrounds can be close friends.

14 If we are mindful of the good qualities of our neighbors, we will be able to recognize them. If we are mindful of the good qualities of our neighbors, we will not be afraid of our differences, but we will be able to be friends with each other. For example, James and John, although they were afraid of going to the city, it became clear that the kingdom of God was real to them. Jesus saw their faith and appreciated them.

13. How can compassion help us be friends in the world? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. What qualities of kindness will help us recognize in our brothers and sisters?

JUNE 2026 11

True friends love each other, they turn their hearts to each other, and they keep their hearts open.

(See note 19)

As we try to recognize the good qualities in our friends, we are learning more about Jesus and God the Father.

15 Another important thing we can do is to pray to Jehovah to help us build stronger friendships with people who are different from us in human nature. Think about the things that might cause conflicts in advance and pray to Jehovah to help you overcome them. Remember that our Creator, Jehovah, knows the problems that may arise because of our different human natures, so make sure that your prayers focus on what you need to overcome. And if you find it hard to repent, ask Jehovah to give you his holy spirit to help you overcome yourself.—Luke 11:13; Galatians 5:22, 23.

WHAT ARE OUR PROBLEMS AND HOW DO WE SOLVE THEM?

16 Why is this a problem? When our brothers and sisters are in trouble or in difficulty

15. Who will help us to have a good relationship with people of different humanities?

16. What can happen when a brother or sister is in a difficult situation?

(Job 6:2, 3) Perhaps a brother or sister you don’t know is in a difficult situation that makes him or her unable to do things the way you want him or her to do them. So don’t tell him or her that you’re afraid of him or her. (Job 6:2, 3) If you’re afraid of a brother or sister you don’t know, don’t tell him or her that you’re afraid of him or her. (Job 6:2, 3) If you’re afraid of a brother or sister you don’t know, don’t tell him or her that you’re afraid of him or her. (Job 6:2, 3) If you’re afraid of a brother or sister you don’t know, don’t tell him or her that you’re afraid of him or her. (Job 6:2, 3)

17 Experience Jesus’ compassion and repentance. Jesus’ compassion turned to those who were in need, and he had compassion on them, even though he didn’t see some of them. For example, consider what he did to two sick people. One of them was Bartimaeus. When he saw Jesus coming, he cried out to see Jesus. Some people tried to get him down. But he wanted Jesus to look at him, so he cried even louder. It seems that some people had compassion on Bartimaeus. But it wasn’t Jesus who had compassion, but rather Bartimaeus who “had pity.” This indicates that the wrath of Jesus turned upon him and

17. What do you learn from Jesus’ treatment of Bartimaeus?

APPENDIX 12

(Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus spoke to Bartimaeus with courage, praised his faith, and miraculously opened his eyes.

18 What can you do to help your friends? Turn to them and help them. This will help you feel comfortable and ‘confort’ your brothers and sisters who are in difficulty or suffering. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember that a true friend will come to your aid quickly, especially in “distress.” (Luke 17:17) Not only will such friends show compassion for those who are in need, but they will also be willing to comfort them and encourage them to support them in various ways.

19 What exactly can we do to make our anger return to others? The truth is that you can’t forgive your neighbor forever, but you can be kind to him and understand what he’s saying. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) If he’s trying to tell you something, listen carefully.

If the situation allows it, say a nice word to comfort him or her. (Luke 12:25) Don’t make your words sound like you know everything about the situation. (Luke 18:13) Be kind to him or her, and don’t expect him or her to do everything correctly. —Eph. 4:32.

20 For all of us care for the friendship of our brethren in Christ; but because we are not perfect, and because we pass through various hardships in life, we sometimes speak or do things that offend our brethren. Wherefore it is good for us, when our brethren be subdued, and be comforted, and be moved to love us, and turn their love to us, that we may continue to be friends with them; that we also may be friends with them.

20. Who is your best friend?

18. How should you deal with friends in difficult circumstances? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. How can we show kindness and compassion? (See also the pictures.)

WHAT YOU WILL SEE IN THE PHOTOS October 10: A young brother and a young sister have different views on how to deal with the elders in their congregation. They learn to understand each other, and they are happy together.

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE

■ If you have different opinions on something?

■ Are your personalities different?

■ if they are in difficult circumstances?

CHAPTER 124 We’ll Go A Long Way

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

HADZIDZI 65 This Year!

This story will help us to understand how the Bible’s teachings are helpful to us.

Na Gbeadzifufofo Ƒe Ɖoɖoa Naɖe Vi Na Wò

“Love Jehovah with all your heart in the midst of the righteous....”—PS. 111:1.

(Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) As a result, you become a member of a group known as a congregation, which includes some brothers and sisters from all over the world. The organization of the congregation helps us to carry out the work that Jesus instructed us to do—to preach the good news of the Kingdom “to all the earth.”—Matt. 24:14.

2 How do you feel about being part of the congregation? A sister named Wendy* says: “The congregation has helped me in many ways. I have learned new ways of preaching and teaching from other brothers. They have helped me focus on my spiritual goals and have made me many good friends.” Brother Rich also says: “It is a great responsibility to be a congregation leader. A congregational leader’s job is to help his or her congregation’s members grow in worship and in faith even after they have been baptized.” A sister named Dinah said: “It’s a great thing to have a congregational leader! My congregational members have become family members.”

* Some names changed.

1-2. How do many brothers feel about the organization of the preachers?

14

3 In this article we will look at the work of the housekeeper and his assistant, and how they care for the members of their house, and what each of us can do to help the housekeepers, and what we can do to make this good arrangement work for us.

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE

4 A superintendent is an elder who is appointed by the elders to help a congregation grow spiritually. How does he do this? Instead, he takes care of each member of the congregation. (Acts 27:23) He cares about the members of his congregation and works closely with them to understand what they are doing. This allows him to use the Bible to encourage them, correct them when they have problems, and support them in other ways. (Acts 12:25; Isaiah 32:2; James 2:15-17) Second, he encourages all the elders in his congregation to do more in the ministry. He is very active in preaching, especially at the weekends. He meets with each preacher so that he can encourage them to continue. If he is unable to attend the meetings, he arranges for his assistant or another brother to do it for him.

* If necessary, a senior minister can take over from the elders until a new pastor arrives. The elderly minister is called a pastor, and he or she is working with the elders to get them to accept the new pastor.

3. What do we learn from this story?

4. (a) What are the main tasks of a counsellor? (b) What advice does the counsellor receive to help him/her perform his/her work properly? (See the section "Advice to Counsellors.")

Effective Advice to Election Officers

• Meetings and lectures should be short, no more than a few minutes, so that the preachers can understand the work.

• Try to work with as many of the preachers in your area as possible, including those who are unable to attend regularly. You can arrange to work with them on other days or evenings.

• Hold regular meetings with all members of the family. You can hold these meetings at the home of the ministers, at the Kingdom Hall, or in another appropriate place. You can also do this by telephone or by letter.

• Encourage the brothers to make every effort to advance in their responsibilities in the church.

• Even if the whole church goes to worship, keep your eyes on the members of your congregation.

(1 Tim. 3:1) From their hearts, they used the Bible as a source of advice and encouragement, and as a source of guidance and encouragement for their children.

JUNE 2026 15

Because of the importance of the role of the president, it is necessary for the presidential staff to be made up of representatives who are closely connected to this role.

5 There are many things that can make it easier for a congregational leader to talk to his congregation members. Consider Brother Jörg, a congregational leader in Germany. As with many volunteers, there is a lot of work in the congregation. He says: “It’s not easy to keep up with all the work in the congregation. So it’s easier for me to talk to all the members of my congregation than I used to.” A volunteer in his 70s named Abel, who lives in Uganda, says: “There are no volunteers and ministers in our congregation, but the preachers are there. Therefore, our congregation is very large. This has made it easier for me to work with each missionary and encourage them as much as I would like.” Obed, a missionary in Suriname, said: “It’s hard for me to encourage my brothers and sisters, but it takes time and effort, and the videos don’t work automatically. There are many other things in my life that prevent me from being able to encourage them.” What can help a missionary in such a situation?

6 For example, we would like to have a small number of people in each congregation so that the pastor can see each one of them better and help them to become closer to God. But what if there are only a few people in the congregation? If there are so many people in the congregation, the pastor will not be able to do his work.

The district attorney may request that a clerk from the district attorney's office attend meetings of the district attorney's office in order to assist him or her in his or her duties.

(See note 7)

Therefore, the congregation may hire a minister to visit one of the elders. When elders come to the congregation, he or she helps the elder to look after the elders and helps them to remain faithful to Jehovah and to be steadfast in difficult circumstances.

7 If you’re a congregational leader in a smaller congregation, it’s a good idea to ask your elder to help you get closer to God’s people. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Ask him to do something for you. For example, sometimes you can ask him to come ahead of you when you go to a church service. Pray with him and discuss how the elders are doing and what you can do to help them. You and the elder will look closer at the elders.

5. What are some of the reasons why pastors go to church?

6. When people from the church are brought in, how does it affect the pastor?

7. In churches where preachers do not live, what can a pastor do to reach out to all members of his congregation? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also picture.)

Appendix 16

(2 Tim. 2:2) You can have other members of the congregation who are also spiritually awake help you with the task. For example, experienced ministers and preachers can work with new preachers. And experienced preachers can help brothers and sisters who are in need of help to communicate with people and make changes in their Bible studies. Now let’s look at three things that each of us can do to help the elderly.

HOW ARE THE MEMBERS OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL’S COMMITTEE ATTENDING TO THE SECRETARY-GENERAL’S DECLARATION?

8 Go to meetings. We “encourage each other” when we go to meetings with our brothers and sisters. (Read Romans 1:12.) Being together with our brothers and sisters in the ministry will make them feel more motivated and encouraged. If your work routine makes it difficult for you to go to meetings with your brothers and sisters, why not ask your boss to change your schedule for you? Or maybe you’ll be surprised at how he will treat you. (Neh. 2:4-6) If you need to go to meetings because of financial difficulties or youth problems, tell your brother or sister in charge. You can arrange to meet with your parents by letter or telephone. Are you a healthy teenager but have difficulty staying in school? If so, you might want to arrange to meet weekly with your siblings in your home. Or do you need to keep an eye on what you are doing?

8. How can you help your elderly parents? (Romans 1:12)

(Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) Your efforts will have a positive effect on your whole life. Pray to Jehovah for him, and he will “give you the desire and the power” to do what he wants you to do.—Philippians 2:13.

9 Be kind to the members of your congregation. When we treat each other well, the congregation grows in love and joy. (Read Romans 12:13.) Can you arrange for a sister to come to your house? In some churches, the sisters arrange for a guest to come to their dinner. If a sister wants to take the dinner, but the sister is unable to come, the members of the congregation come together to eat together and encourage each other. Sarah, a prominent minister, said: “I don’t feel comfortable when I don’t want to go out with people, so I try to keep things in order. I’m more concerned about my brothers and sisters, not about the arrangement of the table or the preparation of the food.” When we go out with our brothers and sisters as a family, we get closer to Jehovah and our brothers and sisters.—Neh. 8:10; Deu. 20:35.

10 In the service of the church, do that which is good for thee: for as thou art perfect in preaching and in doctrine, so shalt thou be perfect in the service of the church with thy brethren. If thou wilt be perfect in the service of the church,

9. What can we do to help Him to have love and unity in our church? (Romans 12:13)

10. What can we do if we want to focus on some part of our ministry? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also the picture.)

JUNE 2026 17

If the members of the group are not closely related, it is likely that we know each other well and do the same thing in the group (see paragraph 10).

(Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) You can talk to your pastor and ask him to help you. You can also ask others to help you. What did Sister Heather do? Despite the help she received, she said: “I told one of my pastors to help me not to make these mistakes. She treated me with love and compassion, and she arranged for us to go to church more often. She even helped me start studying the Bible with someone. I'm glad I didn't ask for help, because I'm getting a lot of letters." This suggests that we can do something to make things better in our letters.

NA GBEADZIFUFOFO KWENYE RWANDA NA GBEADZIFUFOFO KWENYE RWANDA NA GBEADZIFUFOFO KWENYE RWANDA NA GBEADZIFUFOFO KWENYE RWANDA NA GBEADZIFUFOFO KWENYE RWANDA NA GBEADZIFUFOFO KWENYE RWANDA NA GBEADZIFUFOFO KWENYE RWANDA NA GBEADZIFUFOFO KWE

11 You can become closer to Jehovah. Parenting benefits each of us. For example, Jehovah uses parenting to help those he loves, including the elderly, the sick, and the young. (1 Thess. 2:8; James 1:27) Parenting also means that we receive rewarding responsibilities in various areas of preaching and teaching. Also, loyal brothers and sisters who set good examples receive incentives that help them take on additional responsibilities.—1 Tim. 3:10.

12 Look at the example of sister Wendy, whom we’ve talked about earlier. She said: “Because my dad was sick, he couldn’t go to church on weekends to work with the elders. But my dad allowed me to go, and I did. A younger sister who was a friend of mine often came to church with me. She encouraged me, and that’s helped me in church and in life. I remember that the elder used the Bible to advise me often, and that’s helped me to be where I am today.”

13 Have good friends who help you. When we work “hard” with the members of the congregation, we become closer to them. (Phil. 1:27) Because there are fewer people in the congregation, it is easier for those who work hard or are not in the crowd to lose heart and become good friends. (2 Cor. 6:13) These friends help us

11-12. How does a parenting routine help you become closer to Jehovah? Here is an example.

13. How does sharing with our brothers and sisters help us to become good friends? (See also the picture below.)

Annex 18

(1 Thess. 5:14) Undoubtedly, in times of great distress, we need more true friends. (Matt. 24:21) Our problems are not eternal now, but we can cope with them because we know that our beloved brothers and sisters are there to help us.—Luke 17:17.

14 They help you in times of distress. The community support system ensures that we are supported in times of disaster, natural disaster, stress, or threat. For example, in each congregation, the Community Service Committee and the community leaders make arrangements to help those in special need. For example, in times of distress, the community leaders take care of all members of the community or ask them how they are doing so that they can be helped. Some of the things that the brothers and sisters most need may be clothing, food, water, shelter, and sanitation. It’s great that there are volunteers to help us when we are in danger!

15 We know that Jehovah’s organization is huge! Its worldly part consists of thousands of thousands of faithful angels, and its earthly part now has more than 100 million members, a number that is increasing every day. (Zechar. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) All members of Jehovah’s organization are committed to bringing the good news of God’s Kingdom to as many people as possible. (Rev. 14:6, 7) This helps us to fully enjoy the benefits of the ministry, because it encourages us to do things that please Jehovah.—Ps. 111:1.

14. How does a parenting arrangement help us in times of danger?

15. What is the standard of all members of Jehovah’s organization?

WHAT'S IN THE PHOTOS: Two sisters in a church are working together in the church.

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ How do the pastor and his assistant address the brothers in their congregation?

■ What can you do to help him improve your relationship with your parents?

■ How does a parenting arrangement affect you?

ARTICLE 61 Before You, Witnesses!

AUGUST 31-SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

HADZIDZI 89

Ɖo To Mawu Ne Wòayra Wò

TAŊODZINUA

In this article, we will look at why we should be attentive in meetings and other theocracy activities, and how to do so.

Going to New York

“Take care of how you behave.”—LUK 8:18.

Jehovah rules over us today through his Word, the Bible, so we can share David’s feelings when he said: “Jehovah is my helper; I need nothing.” —Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One of the ways in which Jehovah shows his love for us today is through our meetings. Many of the things we learn at our meetings are things we have learned. If we are in the truth and know the Bible well, we need to be reminded of them. (2 Pet. 1:12) But if the things we learn at our meetings are often the same as what we have learned, does it help you to follow them? This article will help us understand why it is important to follow the rules at our meetings. It will also help leaders in the congregation understand what they can do to make it easier for the brothers and sisters to follow the rules. For example, let’s look at what we can do to help ourselves attend meetings. But first, let’s ask ourselves the following question: Who are the people who are listening to us at the meetings?

THE WAY GOD IS WITH US

(2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this, and he used God’s Word wisely to explain it in such a way that those who saw it asked, “How can this man have studied the Bible, when he has not been taught in any school?” (John 7:15) Jesus’ use of God’s Word worked on those who were in good spirits. Christians in the apostles’ days, such as Paul and Apollos, also took Jesus’ example. They quoted the words from the Gospel of Matthew 28:19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76,

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah guide his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we explore in this story?

3. In what ways does Jehovah show us mercy, and how do his servants use his Word when they are in trouble?

20

(Deuteronomy 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah’s Witnesses, we know that the Bible is the source of Jehovah’s organization’s newsletters, conference papers, brochures, and videos. The way we use the Bible as a source of inspiration in our meetings is very helpful to those who come to our meetings for the first time. It is God’s Word that inspires the brothers and sisters who come to our meetings. Not only do they read the Bible, but they encourage the congregation to understand and apply God’s Word. —Luke 24:32.

4 The Bible often uses the words “follow” or “comply” to refer to the way we do things that someone wants us to do. So when we read the Bible at our meetings, it’s like we’re listening to Jehovah and listening to his words. This helps us understand what he wants us to do and makes it easier for us to do what he wants us to do. We can be sure that when we follow his words and do what he says, he is pleased.—Luke 27:11.

WHY DOES IT MAKE YOU HAPPY TO BE WITH YOUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS?

5 We attend meetings because we love Jehovah. (Matt. 22:37) As we learn more about him, our love for him grows. This love makes us willing to listen to his words, do what he says, and serve him as he wants us to. —Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 We attend meetings because we love others. (Matt. 22:39) Jehovah commands us to:

4. What do the words “to” or “toward” mean?

5. What do we do because we love Jehovah? —John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6. What does Jehovah teach us in our meetings?

Advice That Will Help You Get Away

When brothers and sisters who have served Jehovah for many years were asked to share what helps them to respond well at meetings, some of them said:

• Sister Suefawn, who was born in 1986, said: “Stand ahead and focus on the books and videos.”

• Brother David, who was baptized in 1983, says: “I constantly pray to Jehovah to help me focus on what matters most in the congregation. I also remind myself that regular meetings, diligent attendance at meetings, and prayer are part of our ministry.”

• Brother Nicolas, who was baptized in 1982, says: “At each meeting, remember all the people who have done good deeds, and share with them an example they have made or a remark they have heard that has worked on you.”

• Brother Augustine, who was baptized in 1988, said: “I always say to myself that if the congregation arranges for us to learn something from a story, that’s exactly what we need.”

How we can help our fellow believers and those who are not in the congregation in our meetings. For example, the booklet Love People—Let Them Be Our Disciples gives many good advice on good qualities that will help us in our ministry, and we learn how to apply those advice on a weekly basis.

JUNE 2026 21

Why is it important for you to learn how to communicate with others? But be careful when brothers and sisters are learning how to communicate with others.

(Deuteronomy 32:44-47) By attending the meetings, we will find inspiration that will help us endure hardships and prepare ourselves for the new world. (Rom. 8:25) It is important that we devote ourselves to Jehovah now and focus on his worship in the future.—Matt. 24:42-44; Rev. 1:3.

ALE SI MÍAKPE ĐE AMEWO ҺU WOAĐO TO LE KPEKPEAWO ME

8 It’s important that brothers who serve in the congregation, especially those who use marijuana, keep their teachings up-to-date. If they take the time to prepare their sermons according to the Bible, new people will be convinced that it is the truth, and they will help others to grow in the truth. Therefore, when you are given the opportunity to serve in the congregation, don’t give up. Try to follow the following advice. Although it is specifically for those who use marijuana, it may also be useful for others who work in the congregation.—2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

9 Organize your topics. You don’t have to make it easy for your students to understand what you’re talking about. If the topics are too complicated or difficult to understand, people won’t pay attention to your topics. What can you do to keep your topics organized? These tips will help you: (1) Place the topics you’re discussing at the beginning of your topics. (2) Focus on the topics one by one. When you’re done with a topic, wait until your students see that you’re focusing on it before you move on to another topic. (3) Keep focusing on the topics you’re discussing at the beginning of your topics.

10 And let it come to you. Often, when we are worried about what is going on in our hearts, we say it openly. (Deut. 2:4, 5; Deu. 4:20) To understand this, you need to think carefully about the connection between the words and the Scriptures. A brother in the United States, now in his 70s, said of a vision he saw in his younger brother: “I remember how the words encouraged us to think carefully when we were reading God’s Word. The words spoke with sincerity and showed us how we could do that. It transformed my life, made Bible study important, and improved my relationship with Jehovah.”

11 Consider how a certain thing has affected your parents, and see how it should be handled, not only in words, but also in the words of the Scriptures, so that your parents may be inspired to do what is right, as the apostle Paul did in his letter to Timothy.

7. Why is it important to be faithful to Jehovah?

8. Why should brothers who speak in the meetings encourage themselves to increase their teaching?

9. What do you do to make your home more accessible to the elders?

10. Why should the news you are reading concern you?

11. What are the most important things you should do to make your marriage work for your neighbors? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

APPENDIX 22

While serving the brothers in Ephesus, Paul explained to them the various things they needed to do in order to have a close relationship with God. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) So you may want to think about how a certain message affected your followers and help them identify what exactly they need to do.

12 If you want your speech to be heard, keep your mind focused. When you write down all the words in your speech instead of reading them, try to identify the key words. This will make your speech more concise and easier for your listeners to understand. The book Do Vevie Nuxexcitatio and Nuxexcitatio advises: “Keep your speech concise in order to show your commitment to the truth and to your listeners.” If you speak from the heart, your words will work on your listeners and encourage them to do the right thing.

13 Ask an elder for advice. What can you do? You can use the key words you want him to talk about and act on the advice he gives you. Also, ask the elder to give you advice that will strengthen your teaching. (Luke 1:5) Indeed, we all have doubts, and it is not easy to know if we are wrong in our teaching or if we need to make some changes to strengthen it. We want our teaching to be more accurate so that the truth in God’s Word is effective for all of our listeners.*

ALE SI NÀBUA AÐO TO NYUIE LE KPEKPEAWO ME

14 Appreciate Jehovah’s remembrance. We need God’s remembrance to help us cope with “difficult circumstances” “in these days.” (2 Tim. 3:1) Even though we often see things that we don’t want to see, we can recall the good character of the writer of Psalm 119, who said: “I have no remembrance.”

* For more advice on how to be a good teacher and a good friend, read the brochure How to Be a Good Teacher and the book How The Theological Seminary Can Help You.

12. Why do you talk about nature when you are sitting at the table?

13. Why should we seek advice from brothers and sisters who are teaching? (See also the picture.)

14. How can we learn from the writer of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

Ask a friend to help you strengthen your teaching (See paragraph 13)

23

Be attentive at meetings, and don’t focus on your phone or electronic devices (See Note 17)

God’s remembrance will be with us too.—Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

15 It is important that we value the spiritual food, which is the food we receive from Jehovah. We can learn something from what happened to the Israelites when Jehovah gave them a meal at midday. (Exodus 16:15, 31) No doubt, at first the Israelites appreciated the meal very much. It was from Jehovah that they received their food and the food they needed to survive. But at some point, some of them were not able to eat every day. (Numbers 21:5) What does the meal mean for us? We should be careful not to let the spiritual food we receive distract us or disregard it. Rather, we need to remember that the Bible is God’s Word. We need to remember that God’s organization thought carefully before it made decisions about the Scriptures, and that doing what we learn will help us make good choices and earn eternal life.—Luke 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

15. What can we do to be grateful for the knowledge we receive from our meetings?

16 Learn from other good leaders. Many of our brothers and sisters have served Jehovah for a long time, but they are not able to attend meetings properly. What has helped some of them? Sister Ashley, who has served Jehovah for over 30 years, says: “If I don’t prepare for meetings, I am not able to attend properly. But if I’m not prepared, I can’t concentrate and my mind gets distracted.” Brother József, who has served Jehovah for 52 years, says: “It hurts me when we’re studying a news item because he’s not learning new things or understanding things better.” He adds: “Even if a brother doesn’t care about his mother, I try to focus on what he wants to know about God’s Word, not on his motherhood.”

17 The following tips will help you prepare for meetings. (1) If you eat before you go to a meeting, you’ll be better prepared.

16. How has this helped some brothers and sisters who have served Jehovah for many years to stay focused at meetings? (See also the section entitled “Tips to Help You Stay Focused.”)

17. What can you do to improve your concentration at meetings? (See also the picture.)

Appendix 24

(2) Leave the meeting before it begins so that you know where you are. (3) Turn off your phone or electronic devices so that they do not disturb or distract you while the meeting continues. (4) Before each presentation, think about what the presenter is going to talk about. (5) Focus your attention on the speaker. (6) Write short notes or notes that will help you focus on the key points. (7) Try to reflect on the key passages and note how they relate to the key points. (8) Ask yourself, ‘Why can’t I use this word to help someone in the church or at a meeting?’ (9) At large and regular meetings, think about the theme of the day, the topics to be addressed, the various presentations on the agenda, and the scriptures on which the presentations are based in advance. (10) Get up early and listen to the audio or audio-video recordings available at the beginning of the meetings to prepare yourself.

YOU ARE THE LORD'S WORSHIP

18 It’s important that we attend our meetings, because if we do so, we’re helping God to guide us so that we can do what is right. (Ps. 23:3; 31:3) We don’t need Jehovah’s admonitions to lead us off the right path, so it’s important that we commit ourselves to ‘attend properly’ at our meetings, and to put into practice what we learn. (Luke 8:18) If we do that, we’ll be happy now and will live forever, because that is the realm of those who trust Jehovah.—Ps. 119:2, 14.

18. Why should we continue to be attentive at meetings?

ALEKE WÀÐO WO NGUI?

■ Why do we need to be attentive in our meetings?

■ What can senior brothers and sisters in the congregation do to help others focus on meetings?

■ What can you do to keep your attention focused at meetings?

CHAPTER 87 Come, That You May See the Light

AGBEMEŊUTINYA

Jehovah’s Witnesses Have Served in Cuba for 70 Years

ABE ALE SI GUSTAVO JOSEPH GBLƆE ENE

I was born in 1947 in the Caribbean island of Cuba, where the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean meet. I was the youngest of five children, two girls and two boys. We lived in the village of Esmeralda.

I remember that we lived in peace in that village. We were not far from my brothers, my neighbors, my uncles and aunts, and some of the other residents. We ate and drank, and we were happy.

When I was about five years old, Brother Walton Jones went to study the Bible with my parents. He was a devotional preacher, and he walked about six hours before he arrived in our village. In fact, many of our relatives gathered at my uncle’s house, and he studied the Bible with them for many hours. My brothers and sisters, Pedro and my sister Ela, enjoyed the experience, and soon they converted to Jehovah’s Witnesses. My sister Ela is now 100 years old, but she is still a missionary in Cuba.

At the same time, Jehovah’s Witnesses were able to go to meetings and lectures in Cuba. They knew that we were going door-to-door to preach and that we were holding seminars with Bible study books. They also knew that we were very tired! They didn’t forget how we served Jehovah with joy in those ‘time of despair.’—2 Tim. 4:2.

HEYIƔI MADEAMEDZIWO VA ĐO

When I was about five years old, my mother and I went to another part of the country to attend a family gathering. Unfortunately, she was diagnosed with typhoid. I remember that when they returned home, my mother was sick, but she survived. But my mother died. She was only 32 years old.

After my father’s death, I decided to move our family to a neighborhood in Lombillo, which meant that we could go back to our uncles, aunts, and other loved ones. But we continued to serve Jehovah.

I was born on August 26, 1957, in Lombillo, Cuba, when I was six years old. I didn’t know that in just two years, things would change for Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba. In 1959, the government and the Communists came to power.

26 ANNEX

The new government wants to have more power, so it decides to take over the government offices. This makes it more difficult for us, Jehovah’s people, because wherever we are, we are engaged in worldly affairs or negotiations. In reality, the world in which we used to live together has been destroyed. Some of us have been taken over by the government. Hundreds of our faithful brothers and sisters have been put in prison; some of them have been beaten to death. Sometimes the government uses weapons or weapons of mass destruction to harm others, even though the Bible tells us not to use weapons or weapons of mass destruction.

(Heb. 10:25) We even hold meetings in sheepfolds and other places throughout the country. I remember one morning when a brother and I were having a meeting in a large forest. We couldn’t even prepare the fire or drive the sheep. But the meeting went on: real sheep and the sheep of the model were gathered together in one meeting!—Micah 2:12.

We were very grateful for the help we received from our brothers and sisters who helped us learn more about the Bible at that time. For example, they gave conference lectures on various issues to brothers and sisters in different parts of the country. Sometimes only two brothers were invited.

We had to prepare all the recordings for the meetings, and the recordings were stored. Because the brothers did this work in the evening, we sometimes had to deal with the sounds of the bells and other noises. If there was no electricity at the meeting place, they would attach a piece of wood to a rope. A brother would sit on the rope so that the rope would give us the power we needed. This enabled us to turn off the cassettes and play the recordings. Even though we were not as familiar with the Bible as our brothers and sisters in other countries, we were always inspired by the words of the Bible, and we were happy to serve Jehovah alone.—Neh. 8:10.

MEVA ZU MOƔELA, SRÕŊUTSU KPLE VIFOFO

When I was 18 years old, I went to serve as a missionary in Florida. About a year later, I was appointed as a missionary in Camagüey Province. There I met Emilia, a sister from Santiago de Cuba. We traveled together, and after a year, we separated.

I spent all my days working in a government school. Emilia and I couldn't go on the mission; but we wanted to.

A. Kingdom Service School held for ministers in Camagüey, Cuba, in 1966

B. Around the world, in 1967

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

B

D

D. I was serving as a nutome sue director in the 1990s.

The first meeting we held in the village after the volunteers were removed, in 1994.

District Assembly TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

Ɖ

We spent as much time as we could in Jehovah’s service, so I worked in the kindergarten from grade 3 to grade 11. Although that wasn’t easy for me at first, the arrangement helped me stay focused on the ministry, and Emilia and I were able to attend all the meetings.

In 1969, our first son, Gustavo, was born. At that time, the organization asked me to serve as an elder. Since we were in Cuba at the time, we wanted to have children with elders. It was a difficult time, but we were very happy. Emilia and I saw it as a great opportunity to serve our brothers. I ministered to our second son, Obed, then to Abner, and a few years later to our granddaughter, Mahely.

When I think back on how Jehovah cared for people during the years we ministered in Cuba, and how we helped our children to love him with all our heart, it makes me happy. Now let me tell you about how life was for me and Emilia during the years we ministered in Cuba.

HOW MUCH DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE SECURITY INSTRUCTIONS OF THE WORKING GROUP?

It was only in the 1960s and 1970s that we realized the devastating effects of the war on our work. All our churches were shut down, all our missionaries were removed from the country, many of our brothers and sisters were imprisoned, and our office in Havana was destroyed.

When we were dismissed, we only visited the churches on weekends. We visited each church on two weekends. Often, we were very tired and brought some things to hide from the public. The younger brothers did not give our churches our phone numbers. We did as if we were visiting our relatives. It was very easy. In fact, we thought we were visiting our relatives, and sometimes we even wrote down that we were on a mission. (Mark 10:29, 30) However, we needed to be wary. In some cases, the police stopped us and arrested us. And if they recognize who we are, they will also recognize those from whom we come.—Romans 16:4.

28 CONCLUSIONS

E

F

A

E. Emilia with Nutopia at the Cuba branch office, in the early 2000s

A. We visited a prison in 2012.

F. Concluding Bible Study for Christian Couples, 2013

Some of the brothers and sisters were very welcoming to us, even though they didn’t like us. They came from very far away, but they gave us one piece of clothing so that we could wear it properly. Some of the brothers and sisters were very welcoming to us, even though they only brought us some food. Sometimes we brought food to eat with the people we were visiting.

When we were visiting churches, we couldn't take all our children with us. We only took one of them, and the other two stayed with me and my sister. In fact, the children were very annoying to us. One day, the police took us into the house, but because we had the baby's birth certificates, they didn't let us in, because the police don't do that!

When I think about how much Emilia tried to get the kids to help me with the full-time ministry, I get more angry. I was working in the school before I became the home care director. What I usually did was take one or two days off from work, and I didn’t work in the school for a lot of hours when I had to, so that I could do some work on the weekends. But then I was hired to look after some of the employees. And the arrangement was that I would work all day off. There was nothing I could do about it. But I realized that if I didn't tell each employee what to do on the weekends, I wasn't doing my job. I didn't even let my managers know that I wasn't working on the weekends!

MÍEYI ETHI KPƆ DZIDZƆ ESIME WO WO

One day in 1994, the elders from Cuba joined all of us 80 elders for a special meeting in Havana. We were delighted to meet again after many years! During the meeting, the elders first discussed some of the changes the organization had made. Then they gave us a letter, which we read with interest. The elders said that they wanted to give our names to the authorities! Sorry! What should they do?

They stated that they had frequently spoken with government officials to seek a better relationship between the government and Jehovah's Witnesses.

JUNE 2026 29

Cuba members of the UN Security Council, 2013

Other members of the Bethel community, especially my wife Emilia, helped me overcome my fears. After a while, I enjoyed my time at Bethel, and I have enjoyed it to this day.

Emilia and I are now separated, but we are happy to say that we have had the privilege of meeting and working with many brothers and sisters over the years. We are especially happy to have children, uncles, and aunts who are serving Jehovah. We feel like the young apostle John, who said: “There is no greater joy for me than this: that your brothers and sisters continue to walk in the truth.”—3 John 4.

For the past 30 years, Emilia and I have been serving at Bethel, and we have been trying to live our lives despite the hardships of poverty and age-related illnesses. We have had troubles in our years of service to Jehovah, but we are happy that we have been serving the “happy God” for about 70 years on the island of Cuba!—1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1.

My wife and daughter and I were at a family gathering.

The authorities requested that the names of all the directors be given to them, so we all wanted our names to be given to them. This helped to establish a good relationship between Jehovah’s Witnesses and the authorities.

However, we continue to proclaim ourselves publicly, even though the government does not register our organization as a religious institution. We assume that the government already knows the names of some of the leaders, but we need to rely on information from them.

In September 1994, we were allowed to return to the countryside office, and it turned out that we were staying in the same house that we had been staying in for 20 years.

Then, in 1996, Emilia and I were invited by the branch office to serve at Bethel. We were very surprised. I told my sisters that we had two young children left at home, whom we had to take care of. Our sisters looked at the situation with interest, and then we knew that they really wanted to serve at Bethel. So we loved it, and we prepared to go to Havana with the children.

To be honest, I wasn’t really excited about Bethel at first. Since I’d been a minister for many years, my mind and heart were still busy. Living in the same office wouldn’t work for me anymore.

30 APPENDIX

NATURE SIWO TSO EXLẼLAWO GBƆ

What two types of people did the apostle Paul refer to in Galatians 4:24?

■ When the Apostle Paul concluded his explanation of the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar, he said: “These things are used as examples for a special purpose; for these women represent two clouds.” (Gal. 4:22-24) We have previously said that these two clouds represented the cloud of Se and the new cloud. However, as we go on, we realize that we need to make a change. This means that Paul’s words were not about the new cloud, but about God’s promise to Abraham. Let’s consider some of the reasons why Paul said this.*

(Gal. 4:25) Hagar represents the cloud of the Law that God made with the Israelites at Mount Sinai in 1513 B.C.E. (Exodus 19:5, 6) Most people could not fully obey the Law, so the Law reminded the Jews that they were slaves of sin. They realized that they needed the Messiah, the one God had chosen to deliver mankind from sin and death. By giving his life as a sacrifice, the Messiah made it possible for all mankind to be saved from sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) Since Jesus had fulfilled the purpose of the Law, there was no need for the Law.—Rom. 10:4.

Paul pointed out the difference between Hagar and Sarah. He described Sarah as a ‘widow’ who had a “promise of promises.” (Gal. 4:23) God’s promise to Abraham was a promise of promises. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) This promise is summarized in Genesis 22:18, which says: “All the inhabitants of the earth shall take joy from your [Abraham’s] seed, because you have obeyed my voice.”

(Genesis 3:15) We can see that the “seed” we are talking about comes from Abraham’s family. Paul refers to Jesus Christ as the most important part of this “seed.” However, the 144,000 “Christs” are also part of the seed, and they will reign with Jesus in God’s Kingdom. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) All those who accept Jesus and obey him will receive great rewards because of the promise God made to Abraham.

Why did Paul use this vision to “signify something special”? Paul pointed out that if the Jews of his time continued to live in violation of the Law of Moses, they would continue to be slaves like Hagar. But if they accepted the most important part of Abraham’s “seed,” Jesus Christ, they would become redeemed like Sarah. They would be freed from sin and death. (John 8:32-34) But if they did not accept Jesus, they would fail the main purpose of the Law, which was to bring them to Christ.

Many of the Galatians to whom Paul wrote were not Jews and had no experience of the Law. Unfortunately, some Jews in the church insisted that Gentiles who converted to Christianity should obey the Law and fight against them. Paul therefore warned those who converted to Christianity not to be “slaves” of the Law, because by accepting Christ they had become “slaves” of Christ.—Galatians 5:1, 10-14.

* This information replaces information from the March 15, 2006 issue, pages 10-12.

JUNE 2026 31

THE WORSHIP OF GOD IN THE WORSHIP OF THE WORSHIP OF GOD

June 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 6 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

News August 10-16 2

How We Can Be Stronger in the Face of Scientific Challenges

News August 17-23 8

How to Become Close Friends with Your Christian Neighbors

24-30 August 14

Let the Way of the Cross Be Yours

August 31–September 6 20

Going to New York

AGBEMEŊUTINYA 26

Jehovah’s Witnesses Have Served in Cuba for 70 Years

NATURE SIWO TSO EXLẼLAWO GBƆ 31

WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS ABOUT YOU

Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo Wowo

Many Bible readers believed that some of Jesus' followers were pirates. (Mark 1:16–20) They used the seas when they were fishing in the Sea of Galilee.

They love each other so much that they become mates. The way the bird's eyes look depends on the type of food they eat. Most of the time, the bird's eyes are covered with a cloth or a piece of wood so that it is easier for them to see the bird, but older birds are more sensitive and can see the bird easier, so they put their eyes on the bird's eyes to help them see the bird.

(Luke 5:6) The Bible tells of James and John who were “catching their own catches,” and how long they were doing this. (Matt. 4:21) It was customary for the thieves to pick up their catches every time they returned from the hunt. Luke also tells us that the thieves were “catching their own catches.” They did this with the intention of getting rid of them and other thieves. (Luke 5:2) That’s why they kept the catches away from being blown up.—Ezek. 47:10.

Jesus called on the men who used the horns to feed the sheep to become ‘the servants of God.’

We don’t want you to download this book. It’s part of a worldwide Bible charity funded by volunteers. If you’d like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

The verses we quote in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, but we have given them a different focus.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the jw.org database, or scan this code on your device

JW.ORG

w26.06-EW