OCTOBER 2026

HOW DOES THE MONITORING OF GOD’S WORSHIP WORK?

MONTHLY SCHEDULE: DECEMBER 7, 2026-JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

THE WORDS OF THE DAY

The BLEAFO Day Bulletin held on January 1, 1926 stated, “It is necessary that God will take his name into honor, and that he will appoint some in the streets as his servants.”

In 1926, Jehovah used Jesus Christ, the founder of the church, to remind Christians that social service was a very important duty to perform. Therefore, “the true and virtuous father” wrote a number of books inspiring God’s people, introducing changes in the way their servants were treated, and setting out the standards that all Christians should follow. (Matt. 24:45) Jesus instructed them to write books with instructions on how to perform social service.

HOW YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ARE WORKING TO GET THE WORST FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR FAMILY

In April, The Golden Age (now Awake!) announced that a book titled Deliverance would be published as a supplement to Studies in the Scriptures, and that the book would be published as a booklet for use in the congregation. In addition to the regular publication of the books, the young men at Bethel prepared a booklet, which could be printed in 22 volumes in a single printing press. The Bible ministers used the booklet to do whatever they needed it to do.

Today, Bible students read Studies in the Scriptures on their desks. As of May 2013, they will be reading articles from the Watchtower. What is the change?

The congregation sent a letter to Brother Rutherford, saying, “Dear Job, we have read the articles in the Bulletin that the congregation has given us to read. We feel that they have touched us all, and we appreciate the exciting changes that are being made.”

“Let them be at ease,” or the exciting changes that are being made, inspire the Bible followers to make the fictional service a part of their life. For example, the same paragraph in the Bulletin suggests that the only way for a Christian to decide to make changes in his life, which would lead him to be more joyful and focused on showing the truth, is to be faithful. The Bulletin concludes that, “Jehovah requires Christians to be his we ordered servants. Therefore, since all Christians love Jehovah, it is appropriate for the family to be determined to be faithful.”

A section of the Bulletin entitled “Sacrifice and Service” shows that true Christians show love for Jehovah by serving him in truth. The section urges Bible preachers to do everything they can to keep spreading the good news to others.—Isaiah 43:10, 12; Matthew 24:14.

Those initiatives gave great encouragement to the brothers in the congregations. A few centuries later, on July 15, 1926, in the Bulletin of the Watchtower, a young man wrote: “The words in the Watchtower that were written by the elders of the congregations were very inspiring.

2 MONITORING

We are very excited about this new experience. Now that we are reading only the Parliamentary Papers, we are reading with great interest.” He also said, “Everyone wants to have a say in the church’s affairs, and that’s what makes our church so excited.”

THE LORD IS THE LORD WHOSE WORSHIP IS TO GET OUT OF THE WORSHIP OF THE WORSHIP

In May 2013, the Bible Students held a conference in London, England. As a result of the British printers’ strike, members of the Brooklyn Betel distributed 117,000 copies of The Standard for the People, which was distributed to all those who attended the conference.

On Sunday, May 29, the brothers used the book-yo to promote their work. The publication of the council said: “All the Bible scholars who have come to the city to preach the good news of Jesus and the Kingdom, therefore, go to the Alexandra Palace, and the brothers in the area will show you what you should do.”

They collected more than 100,000 books. The Bulletin of July 15, 1926, said: “All of you have great joy, because you know that you have chosen the family of Jehovah to follow the good news.”

Later that day, Brother Rutherford gave a speech at the Royal Albert Hall, predicting what would happen in the next few years. At the time of his speech, 13,000 people were sitting on the stage, and those who had access to the stage were listening to the speech from the top of the stage and from different speakers.

In Brother Rutherford’s preface, he pointed out that the earthquakes were caused by the denial of Jehovah and his Kingdom. Brother Rutherford’s preface, Let Them Be Heard, pointed out that the earthquakes were caused by the denial of Jehovah and his Kingdom. Brother Rutherford’s preface, Let Them Be Heard, pointed out that the earthquakes were caused by the denial of Jehovah and his Kingdom. Brother Rutherford’s preface, Let Them Be Heard, pointed out that the earthquakes were caused by the denial of Jehovah and his Kingdom. Brother Rutherford’s preface, Let Them Be Heard, pointed out that the earthquakes were caused by the denial of Jehovah and his Kingdom. Brother Rutherford’s preface, Let Them Be Heard, pointed out that the earthquakes were caused by the denial of Jehovah and his Kingdom.

A SON AND DAUGHTER INDIA CONNECT TO A SON AND DAUGHTER INDIA CONNECT TO A SON AND DAUGHTER INDIA CONNECT TO A DAUGHTER AND DAUGHTER INDIA CONNECT TO A DAUGHTER AND DAUGHTER INDIA CONNECT TO A DAUGHTER AND DAUGHTER INDIA CONNECT TO A DAUGHTER AND DAU

When the meeting was held in London, Brother Rutherford was accompanied by Brother Edwin Skinner, a colporteur in Sheffield, England. Later, Brother Rutherford sent letters to Brother Edwin inviting him to meet him in London.

Brother Skinner said: “When you’re ready, he’ll take you to India. So you go to London, and you make a commitment that you’ll do everything he wants you to do.” That’s exactly what happened. Brother Rutherford asked him: “Do you want to go to India?” Brother Edwin replied: “Where do you want me to go?”

A. Deliverance book

B. The Alexandra Palace building in London has been demolished

D. The Royal Albert Hall in London has been demolished

DELIVERANCE!

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

B

D

E. When George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner were serving in India

E. George Draper

E

A

Thirdly, in the middle of July, Brother Edwin and George Wright, who was called to the army, were sent to India. Brother Edwin served as a community minister, overseeing community service in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India, and Persia (Iran). Brother Edwin was 64 years old when he left India when he retired from the military service in 1990.

YOU ARE THE ONE WHO HAS BEEN SLAA KUUHI AND YOU ARE THE ONE WHO HAS BEEN SLAA KUUHI AND YOU ARE THE ONE WHO HAS BEEN SLAA KUUHI AND YOU ARE THE ONE WHO HAS BEEN SLAA KUUHI AND YOU ARE THE ONE WHO HAS BEEN SLAA KUUHI AND YOU ARE THE ONE WHO HAS BEEN SLAA KUUHI AND YOU ARE

In 1894, the congregation appointed a group of young men to go to churches in the cities where Bible schools were located. In July 1926, the pilgrims’ duties were changed. Instead of a single pilgrimage, the pilgrims would go on two pilgrimages each year, with a 100-minute interval between each pilgrimage.

Brother George Draper, who was one of the pioneers, wrote a pamphlet for the congregation. He suggested that all the brothers, and the pioneers themselves, should make an effort to warn the people. Before they could do so, they read the Gazette. Brother Draper retired from the service in 1938.

KPE KO NƐ A PEE NGƐ NEW YORK CITY

An international conference was held from October 14-18, 1926, in New York City. Adafi’s film work was presented at the conference.

In 1914, the United States and the Soviet Union agreed to publish Brother Rutherford’s book, “Earth’s Greatest Conflict Near,” in their newspapers. When it became apparent that the war was about to begin, the Soviet Union and the United States decided that the war was about to begin.

The brothers were determined to make people aware of what the anti-Semitic newspapers were doing. On Soha, October 15, R. J. Martin published a book entitled Against the People. This book addressed the anti-Semitic newspapers’ actions. It also addressed the sermon that Brother Rutherford was to give. Brother Martin said: “We have our own translations of our books, and our brothers who work at Bethel will make a great effort to get 1,250,000 copies of the book, and then we will tell the brothers who come to the camp to go and get the book for the people in the camp.” When Soha was arrested, the brothers took the book from the camp, and when she came home, they got 300,000 copies of the book.

At the time of the book's publication, the book was sold out! In fact, 3,783 copies of Deliverance were sold out in 35,140 copies.

At 3:00 p.m. on Saturday, October 17, more than 12,000 people listened to Brother Rutherford’s sermon from the right side of the stage. When Brother Rutherford finished his sermon, the audience, who were very excited, wanted to know more about his sermon. Therefore, they put the following 500 books on the side of the stage.

4 | MONITORING

Judge Rutherford says S Judge Rutherford's Lecture Earth's Greatest Conflict Near Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 3 o'clock SEATS FREE NO COLLECTION International Bible Students Association

F

G

F. Read a book about Brother Rutherford’s sermon entitled “Earth’s Greatest Conflict Near”

G. A meeting held at Madison Square Garden in New York in October 1926

which is the most common form of cancer in the world today.

YOU ARE NOT THE ONE ON ADAMS STREET

Because people were increasingly concerned about the quality of our books, the young men who worked at Brooklyn Bethel felt it was important to have a place where they could read our books. At that time, they found a store on Concord Street that could provide them with a place to read our books. Therefore, the brothers set up a store on Adams Street, which was close to the store. Instead, they had a small store in the store that could provide them with a place where they could read our books.

In 1927, they moved from Adams Street to a new building, which was a huge success for the church, as it was in the middle of the city. In 1927, people began to dislike the Bible Schools, and Jehovah’s Witnesses could not use the name “Jehovah’s Witnesses” until 1931, when it was banned.

The fireworks displayed on Adams Street, in Brooklyn, New York

OCTOBER 2026 5

DECEMBER 7-13, 2026

LA 46 Do You Know Jehovah?

We will learn how to be more confident in ourselves and how to be more grateful for the things that are done to us.

Keep Yourself Away From All Those Who Are Around You

“Make yourselves like those who are in sin.”—COL. 3:15.

When John* was ninety-five years old, he was sitting in the corner of the room where people were watching him. In the evening, if someone was slapping him or doing something wrong to him, John would say, “Mo work.” Then he would write the name of the person in a book. Then, when he was about to go to bed, he would watch to make sure that he was doing the right thing. When he was doing the right thing, he prayed for all those who were sitting in the corner of the room and looked up to Jehovah for them. One of those who watched John said, “I think John’s spirit is very strong, but at the same time, he’s very happy.” John’s positive attitude shows us that if we take responsibility for ourselves in life, if we show others the things they do for us, we’ll be very happy.

2 In today’s world, people tend to take pride in what others do to them. The Bible predicts that people will take pride in what others do to them in the future. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) Some people take pride in what they do to others. Some people take pride in what others do to them. They think that people who do good things to them should take pride in what they do to them. This means that they take pride in what others do to them.

3 As Jehovah’s servants, we should take care of those in the world who are sick. Paul urged us: “Be like those who are sick.” (Col. 3:15) Therefore, when people do good things to us, we should show them gratitude or do something to show that we appreciate what they have done to us. Therefore, you should take care of those who are sick.

* Title changed.

1. What did you learn from John’s example? (Read the footnotes.)

2. How do we live today?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

6

When we take ourselves seriously, we become more confident in ourselves. (See Figure 1.)

Let’s consider the following three questions: (1) Why should we be happy? (2) What will help us to be happy with what we have? (3) What can we do to show that we are happy?

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT GOD?

(Proverbs 15:15) Sometimes, we all have problems that cause us to feel weak. We tend to ignore all the problems that come to us in this life, so that we are unable to think about how to deal with them when we face them in the next life. If we focus on the problems we face in this life, we will always feel weak. If we do, it will help us to focus on the good things we want to do in the next life.

5 For when we are broken, we are sore; but he that is broken is filled with joy.

4. Why is it that if something is wrong, he will give it to him?

5. Why do we believe that we are going to die?

Proverbs 15:15 tells us: “He who has a joyful heart always leads to happiness.” A person who has a joyful heart focuses on the good things that will happen in his life, which leads him to focus on these things. When he does so, he focuses on the bad things that he does in the church, which leads him to be very happy, and he does what he “has a joyful heart always leads to happiness.”

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. When we pray to Jehovah in our hearts, and rely on him for what he is doing for us, he will make us feel “happy.” Why can’t we do that? When we rely on him, he will make us feel “happy” and focus on what he is doing for us. When we rely on him for what he has done for us, he will make us feel confident that he will do it for us in the future. That will make us feel “happy.” (Matt. 6:25-34) Moreover, when we rely on him for what he is doing for us, he will make us feel “happy” and focus on what he is doing for us in the future. (Matt.

6. Why is it that if we lose confidence in the things that Jehovah gives us, he will eventually waste us? —Philippians 4:6, 7.

OCTOBER 2026 | 7

Isaiah 33:6 "He is the stability of your times" ♡

After the meeting, spend some time reflecting on the things you learned during the meeting. (Read sections 9-10.)

When we pray to Jehovah, he gives us “God’s joy.” That joy makes our hearts and minds rest, and our hearts are filled with joy.

7 When we put our trust in Jehovah, he makes us love him. All the good things that we have go to Jehovah. (Read James 1:17.) The good things that Jehovah gives us are the promise of his everlasting love for us. Why does Jehovah give us these good things? When we put our trust in these things, then, the love that Jehovah has for us and the good things that he does for us lead us to love him as our Father, and to put our trust in him.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO DO WHEN GOD ASKES US TO DO SOME THINGS ABOUT HIMSELF?

8 Think about how Jehovah has helped you in the past. For example, consider a situation in which you had to take a step backwards. Your brother died, your sister was ill, or you were forced to leave because you wanted to serve Jehovah forever. How did that help you? It may be that you had your own strength to take the step backwards, but it is Jehovah who is giving you the strength you need to do so. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) When we think about how Jehovah has helped us in the past, we will feel greatly encouraged.—Psalm 103:2.

9 Think about how Jehovah feels about you right now. The Bible urges us to “live in all your hearts.” (1 Thess. 5:18) Therefore, keep thinking about the good things that make you feel good. You can do that early in the day, because that will help you feel good in the morning, or you can do it later in the day, because that will help you feel good in the afternoon, or you can do it when you are in the morning, because that will help you feel good in the morning, or you can do it when you are in the morning. (Psalm 92:1, 2) Just like John, you can’t ignore the good things that happen in the world. How can you recognize the good things that you can’t ignore?

7. In what way does our self-esteem lead us to love Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. Why is it so important that we think about how Jehovah will help us in the future? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What good things does Jehovah encourage you to do so that you may grow in your understanding? (See also the footnote.)

8 MONITORING

10 First, think about the good things Jehovah has done for you in the past that you will not be able to see him in. (Psalm 40:5) You can see him in the way he listens to your prayers. You can also see him in a Bible verse you read that inspires you, in a video you watch, or in a word you read on jw.org that appeals to your heart. (Psalm 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Also, think about the wonderful things Jehovah has done for us that will help us thrive in this life. You won’t be able to find out how he feels about you by looking at the things that you are happy about, or the things that you are sad about, or the good things that he thinks about you. We all enjoy the good things that Jehovah gives us because he gives us “love and peace.” (Neh. 17:25) What kinds of pleasures does Jehovah give you today that you would like to take away?—Eph. 5:20.

11 Think about the joys you experience when you become dependent on brothers who are close and loving one another. (Psalm 133:1; Proverbs 18:24) Does a brother or sister show you how happy he or she is, or does he or she give you something that makes you feel greatly hurt? (Proverbs 12:25; 16:24) When a brother or sister shows us how happy he or she is in a righteous way, we should look at him or her with respect. For example, a brother or sister whose daughter died showed us how much he or she appreciated it when we left the congregation. The brother whose son died said: “One day, one of my brothers saw that I was out on the road while they were sleeping, and he came and took his nine and threw it in my face, and he took all of my clothes and picked up the pillow. That made my love for my brothers and sisters stronger.” Example

11-12. What blessings do we enjoy as we become dependent on the brothers and sisters who are living with us?

It makes us realize that we can’t take advantage of everything that our brothers and sisters do for us.

12 When we reflect on the good things that Jehovah has done for us and on the good things that he is doing for us now, we will become more grateful to him. As the next chapter shows, when people do good things for us, we should reward them or do something to show our gratitude for what they do for us. So, what can we do to show our gratitude for all the things that Jehovah does for us?

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT OURSELVES?

13 What do we do to show that we know God? Consider the verse in which this lesson is based. When the apostle Paul urged us to show that we know God, he went on to say: “Whatever you do, do it in power of word, in purity of spirit, in the name of the Blessed One Jesus Christ, obeying God the Father.” (Col. 3:15, 17) We can’t show that we know God by what we say or do. In this verse, Paul shows how important it is for us to look at Jehovah. God is very pleased when we look at what he does for us. Therefore, let us consider how we can go about using our speech and our actions to show that we are aware of them.

14 Make yourselves known by your speech, that you know what is right. If your neighbours do you evil, stand by them. For example, if something is wrong with you, or if it gives you power, stand by it. Sometimes you will not be able to do this by going to a book store.

13. How can we show that we are God’s children?

14. In what ways can we use our speech to show that we are faithful? (See the footnotes.)

OCTOBER 2026

9

How could that not be a blessing for us?

(See section 14)

(1 Thess. 5:12, 13) In some cases, you may find that the elders’ daughters are very upset because when their husbands come to see them, they spend the same time as the elders’ daughters to visit the elders’ sons who are in charge of them. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) In some cases, you may find that the elders’ daughters are very upset because when their husbands come to see them, they spend the same time as the elders’ daughters to visit the elders’ sons who are in charge of them. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) In other cases, you may find that the elders’ daughters are very upset because when their husbands come to see them, they spend the same time as the elders’ daughters to visit the elders’ sons who are in charge of them. (1 Thess.

(Eph. 6:18) When we are in trouble, we often ask Jehovah to do something for us, or we ask him to help us. Or we ask Jehovah to help us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult meeting, or he helps us get through a difficult (Psalm 95:2) Therefore, while we should be careful not to make our prayers seem unrealistic, we should be grateful to Jehovah for the things he does for us.

16 Be gracious. If someone does something to you that pleases you, be gracious to them and let them know that you are grateful for what they have done for you. If you are gracious to them and let them know that you are grateful for what they have done for you, you will be grateful for what they have done for you. (Neh. 20:35) Moreover, it will make your neighbors more grateful for your love for them. This will help you build a strong bond between you.

17 There is one important thing we can do to show that we appreciate all that Jehovah has done for us. What is that? That is, we must “offer ourselves as an offering to him.” (Read Romans 12:1.) That means that we must use everything we have—our mind, our spirit, and our strength—to do things that please Jehovah. What are the things that please him most?

18 Because of all the things which the LORD hath done,

15. What should we know to say to Jehovah when we are in trouble?

16. Why is it necessary for us to take care of ourselves in such a way that we are not seen as sinful?

17-18. What can we do to show our appreciation for all that God has done for us? (Romans 12:1)

10 MONITORING MEETING

(Proverbs 27:11; 28:11; 29:11; 30:11; 31:11; 32:11; 33:11; 34:11; 35:11; 36:11; 37:11; 38:11; 39:11; 40:11; 41:11; 42:11; 43:11; 44:11; 45:11; 46:11; 47:11; 48:11; 49:11; 50:11; 51:11; 52:11; 53:11; 54:11; 55:11; 56:11; 57:11; 58:11; 59:11; 60:11; 61:11; 62:11; 63:11; 64:11; 65:11; 66:11; 67:11; 68:11; 69:11; 69:12; 69:13; 69:14; 69:15; 69:16; 69:17; 69:18; 69:19; 69:20; 69:21; 69:22; 69:23; 69:24; 69:25; 69:26; 69:27; 69:28; 69 10:24, 25; 13:15) When we all serve Jehovah, we show our appreciation for everything he has done for us.—Colossians 3:23, 24.

19 For in the present day, when we are in the midst of so many difficulties, it is necessary for us to rejoice. For we know that rejoicing gives us great joy, and that it makes us laugh, and that what is good makes us rejoice in the love of the Lord. When we think of the things that the Lord has done for us in the past, and of the things that he is doing for us now, it makes us rejoice greatly. Therefore, let us make every effort to use our words and our words so that we show ourselves to be grateful for the things that he has done for us. Even now, we want to be very attentive to what Jehovah is doing for us. If we do that, Jehovah, who is also very attentive, will be very grateful to us both now and in the future.—Psalm 106:1; Hebrews 11:6.

19. Why do you fear that you will not fall asleep?

CHAPTER 7: John shows us how to deal with things that are not going well. CHAPTER 8: When a brother is sick, he thinks about the good things that are happening in the congregation. For example, he thinks about a young woman he met and who helped him.

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

■ Why should we do so?

■ What will inspire us to be grateful for what we have?

■ What should we do to show that we are sinful?

LA 139 Do the Right Thing in the Right Place

DECEMBER 14-20, 2026

LA 143 Is There Anyone You Love, Who Loves You, Who Loves You?

WHY WE NEED TO RELY ON GOD He will help us to rely on Jehovah to help us achieve three things in our present life.

You and Jehovah, Who is in the Middle of the World Today, Are in a Close Relationship

“That all men may know that I am your Savior.”—JOHN 13:35.

HOW would you feel if you saw the Israelites in the desert, and you saw how Jehovah took two of the children of Israel from the desert, and you went up on the hillside to eat and drink, and the Egyptian taboo came down on you? How would you feel? You’d be thrilled. And how would you be thrilled if you saw Jesus himself standing on the hillside! These are the only two things that are described in the Bible. It seems that if a good-hearted person saw these things with his own eyes, he would find that Jehovah made them happen. (Matt. 15:31) These things happened in the past. Isn’t it true that there are bad things going on in our time? Yes! Why can’t we say that?

2 It is something that no human being can do with his own power, and it is something that only Jehovah can do with his own power. In this study, we will consider three things that God is doing in his church today. They are things that God is doing because he is the one who is making them happen today. In all of them, we will look at how we can ‘rely on Jehovah’ when he is making them happen. —Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

HƐ MI YAMI NƐ NGƐ NYAKPƐ

3 About 2,500 years ago, the prophet Isaiah predicted that God’s people would be greatly appreciated in our time. (Read Isaiah 60:22.) Isn’t that true? Consider this: In the year 1914, those who are now serving Jehovah were 1,000,000.

1-2. (a) What are some of the bad things the Bible talks about? (b) What is a bad thing, and what will we consider in this lesson? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. In what way can we expect Jehovah to be “a thousand times greater”? (Isaiah 60:22) (Read the full text.)

12

Since 1914, Jehovah’s servants have been subjected to severe persecution. (Read section 3.)

Jeha 2026 9,000,000 qa se

Jeha 1914 Earth pee 5,000

Today, more than 130 of the world’s 144,000 Bible publishers have published more than 240 editions of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures. This means that the number of Jehovah’s servants today is higher than the number of those in other societies. People have learned to love Jehovah and serve him over the course of more than 240 editions of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures. Although there are some who are more devoted than Jehovah’s Witnesses, it is clear that the prophecy of Isaiah in Isaiah 60:22 concerning Jehovah’s people is coming true in our way. Instead, "the broken one" becomes "the broken thousand."

4 For we do not baptize in the name of the Lord, but in the name of others, so that those who believe that we are baptized in the name of the Lord may be baptized in the name of the Lord, and so that we may show that we are baptized in the name of the Lord.

(1 Cor. 6:9-11) As we try to make these changes, we grow in faith, and now we have good news for our neighbors, so that they will follow us in serving Jehovah. First, we commit ourselves to Jehovah, committing ourselves to doing his will in all things, and then we are baptized.—Matt. 28:19, 20; 29:19, 20; 30:19, 20; 31:1, 2; 32:1, 2; 33:1, 2; 34:1, 2; 35:1, 2; 36:1, 2; 37:1, 2; 38:1, 2; 39:1, 2; 40:1, 2; 41:1, 2; 42:1, 2; 43:1, 2; 44:1, 2; 45:1, 2; 46:1, 2; 47:1, 2; 48:1, 2; 49:1, 2; 49:2, 3; 40:1, 2; 41:1, 2; 42:1, 2; 43:1, 2; 44:1, 2; 45:1, 2; 46:1, 2; 47:1, 2; 48:1, 2; 48:2, 3; 49:1, 3; 49:2, 3; 49:3, 4; 49:3, 4; 49:4, 4; 49:4, 5; 50:1, 2; 50:1, 2; 50: 28:19, 20.

5 The way we yield in the face of the world is wrong because Jehovah Himself makes us yield in the face of the world. Jesus showed that when someone is coming to take us away, he bends toward him. He said: “If anyone wants to be taken away, let him take his sack, and go where he is going to be taken away.” (Matt. 16:24) This indicates that Jesus must have been willing to go where he is going to be taken away.

4. Why did Jehovah’s servants choose to wear a headscarf instead of a headscarf?

5. What did Jesus tell his disciples to watch out for?

OCTOBER 2026 13

Heaven's Door Opens to Yi Mi Wami Tsuo Se

It seems that during the Second World War, Jehovah’s Witnesses were very much in favour of the Nazis, but they were also very much against them. One of the Nazi officers said: “If you are in favour of Jehovah’s Witnesses, they will be very much against you.”

Consider what is happening in the Netherlands today. The January 1986 Yearbook states: “It seems that Jehovah’s Witnesses, who have been subjected to torture, hostage-taking, and some of whom have even died, have done so well that over the past two years the number of children in the Netherlands who have been given birth has doubled. In 1943, the number of children in the Netherlands who have been given birth was 1,379, which is the highest number of births in the present day....

For example, Jesus told his disciples to take his disciples to be their own amlaalohi. (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also warned the disciples that the disciples in the crowd would be willing to worry about them. (John 16:2) Jesus also told them that true discipleship would bring harmony between the members of a family.—Matt. 10:34-36.

6 And when he was gone out of the synagogue, the disciples of the Jews sought to put him to death. And when he was come into the synagogue, the disciples of the Jews sought to put him to death. And the disciples of the Jews, which were with him into the synagogue, who were the rulers of the Jews, sought to put him to death: but one of the Pharisees, named Gamaliel, said unto them, Do ye nothing unto these men, but put him to death. (Neh. 5:33, 34, 38, 39) It is true that Gamaliel’s judgment came to pass. When the elders were put to death, the elders of the congregation went out to kill them. Because of their obedience to the elders, many people came to believe in the truth and became Christians. (Neh. 6:7) Why did they have to obey them? (Neh. For Jehovah loved his children, and they turned their backs on all that was written in the Bible.—Neh. 1:8.

7 Today, there are thousands of joyful Bible students who have come to serve Jehovah in siege and war with the power of the Holy Spirit that is in their weaknesses, in their employers, and in their circumstances. Why did these elders ask their kings to “do the things of men”? (Matt. 16:24) Because they loved Jehovah and trusted him to watch over them, he also gave them “power to do the things of men” so that they could not fail. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When their weaknesses hindered them from serving him, they realized that the word “pollution” must be in their way. He said: “If a man will take me away from you, the Lord will take me away.” (Psalm 27:10) Indeed, he is right.

6. Why is it important for you to follow the example of the elders who lived in the time of Jesus?

7. In what way do Christians today follow the example of the Christians who lived in the time of Jesus? (See also the section entitled “Remembering the Last Days Is a Good Thing.”)

14 MONITORING

The fact that so many people came to Jesus’ resurrection today is a reflection of the power that was displayed throughout the conference.

8 Whenever we ask Jehovah to show us something, we work together with Jehovah and Jesus to make it happen. That is, it is Jehovah who is in charge. Jehovah and Jesus are with us. Jesus told us: “I am with you in all the nations until the end of time.” (Matt. 28:20) Moreover, when we are in fear, the apostles are with us to show us that they care about us.—Revelation 14:6, 7.

KAKE PEEMI NƐ NGƐ NYAKPƐ

9 The prophet Micah put an end to one of the conflicts that existed in our time. That is, the conflict that existed between God and his people. Jehovah used his goodness to empower Micah to believe that Jehovah would destroy the male and female who were separated from each other, and that he would cause conflict to exist between them. (Read Micah 2:12.) The conflict that exists between Jehovah’s people today means that Jehovah’s people are separated from each other, and that although they are separated from each other, there is still conflict between them. This is also what the prophet David said. He said: “So it is, and so it is good that brothers may live in harmony!” —Psalm 133:1.

10 Today, we have different ways of working together. For example, although we seem to be different, we continue to work together in congregations, parishes, and districts. Brothers from different parts of the world who work together on different days work together in the congregation, and they work together at Bethel. Indeed, we continue to work together. We don’t have to deal with one another’s discrepancies, differences, or differences of opinion, as is the case today. We do not have to deal with one another’s differences, differences of opinion, or differences of opinions, as is the case today. We do not have to deal with one another’s differences, differences of opinion, or differences of opinions, as is the case today. We do not have to deal with one another’s differences, differences of opinion, or differences of opinions, as is the case today. Consider this: Wherever we go during the year, our brothers and sisters are willing to help us and encourage us to continue to serve Jehovah. Throughout the year, Jehovah’s servants are willing to let their thoughts flow in the direction of Jehovah’s thoughts and to do things that please him.

11 We have a lot of conflict today because it is so commonplace in the present age. Conflict is commonplace in the present age. In addition, we are exposed to the dangers of sleepiness, recklessness, self-indulgence, and self-indulgence. This shows that there is conflict between people. As the Bible says, people will be divided into “those who follow the truth, those who are obedient, those who are obedient, those who are faithful, those who are confident, those who are good-natured, those who are guides, those who are submissive, and those who are humble.” (2 Tim. 3:2-4) It is true that “the evil one and his demons will be in trouble forever,” but Jehovah will give you a chance to serve him. (1 John 5:19; Acts 12:9) Yes, that is a good thing!

12 What can we do to reduce the conflict between us and Jehovah? By studying and putting into practice the teachings of Jehovah, what we learn from the Bible encourages us to take care of ourselves, to be kind to our brothers and sisters, to be patient, and to show ourselves to be happy and humble. (Ephesians 4:2, 31, 32) We should not focus on our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of him or her, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings, or let ourselves be afraid of our brother or sister’s shortcomings

8. What do we do to serve in the heavenly kingdom?

9-10. How is Micah 2:12 relevant today?

11. Why can’t we say that what we do together is a bad thing?

12. What steps can we take to resolve the conflicts that exist between Jehovah’s servants?

OCTOBER 2026 15

God's unconditional love manifested itself in His suffering and death for our sins (see section 14).

If we do, it means that we have a relationship with Jehovah in the past, and that he has created a relationship with his people today.

SUƆMI NƐ NGƐ NYAKPƐ

13 Jesus showed that love was what would win his followers over. (Read John 13:35.) Christians who lived in the days of the castles showed love in different ways. For example, they showed love for those who were in their neighborhood. (Neh. 2:44, 45) They showed love for those who were in their midst. (Neh. 12:5) They showed love for the poor and the needy. (James 1:27) Christ’s followers who lived in the castles used money to help others. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) A writer named Tertullian, who lived in the time of the apostles, cited a statement that some people made about Christians in a book he wrote. The writer said: ‘As they wanted them, so they made it clear that they would die and suffer.’

14 As the Christians who lived in the days of the Gentiles did, so do the children of God,

13. How did Christians who lived in the days of the castles show love for their neighbors? (John 13:35)

14. In what ways does God show His love for His people today? (See the following paragraphs.)

We use that love to teach the good news that we trust in to people who are not our brothers and sisters. As we do this, we grow in faith and confidence. There is something about us that makes us feel stronger in our faith and confidence, and it gives us a greater sense of self-esteem. This love gives us the strength to encourage our brothers and sisters in difficult times.* We also encourage our brothers and sisters so that they may grow stronger and have a better relationship with Jehovah. These things are what the apostle Paul said. He said: “Let the word of wisdom teach you these things that are bad, understand these things that are bad, and give your heart to all men.” (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah wants us to look up to the brothers and sisters in the family who are in need. They show great love by showing their suffering to others.

15 The love between Jehovah’s servants is broken, because they lose that love in the time when people do not care about them. Paul

* For an example, watch the video “What Doesn’t Make You Happy” on jw.org.

15. Why can we not say that our love for one another is strong?

16 MONITORING MEETING

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus also said: “The love of your fathers shall rejoice.” (Matt. 24:10, 12) Do you not see that you are doing these things in the past? Let Jehovah’s power be with you so that you show love to your siblings. Indeed, that is what is happening today! (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus also said: “The love of your fathers shall rejoice.” (Matt. 24:10, 12) Do you not see that you are doing these things in the past? Let Jehovah’s power be with you so that you show love to your siblings. Indeed, that is what is happening today!

16 When we show love for others by following their good examples, and when we make a great effort to bring joy to our brothers and sisters, we show that we love them. (Mark 9:50) When we show love in our speech and conduct, we show that we are God’s children. When we show love, we show that we are in agreement with Jehovah in the circumstances that he has created between his children today.

HE MAKES THAT WHICH HE WANTS TO DO

17 The way we take care of our relationships with others in the congregation shows that Jehovah is doing good things in our time. It means that even though some people are trying to take advantage of our service, we are taking care of ourselves. It means that even though there may be conflicts between people in our time, there is no doubt that there are conflicts between us. It also means that even though we are in a time when people are losing our love, our love for God and for our brothers and sisters will show that we are true Christians. (John 13:34, 35) 13:34) By keeping an eye on these things, we “rely on God in all things.”—1 Cor. 3:9.

18 It is unfortunate that in this time of great adversity, Jehovah’s servants are seeing a rise in the number of conflicts between those who love their neighbors and those who do not. These are unfortunate events that are happening today, but they give us the assurance that all that Jehovah has planned to do in the future will come to pass. (2 Pet. 3:13) Therefore, it is important that you make sure that you rely on Jehovah to help you overcome these unpleasant situations.

16. What are the ways in which we can show our love and suffering?

17. What do you think of Jehovah’s actions today?

18. What should inspire us to do about the bad things that Jehovah is doing today?

WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO WHEN HE DOES THAT THAT IS NOT WHAT I WANT...

■ What about our self-indulgence?

■ About the differences between us?

■ About the love between us?

LA 154 The Last Supper

DECEMBER 21-27, 2026

LA 135 Jehovah Says: “You Son, Give Yourself to Me”

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

The good and the bad experiences they experienced encouraged them to remain devoted to the service of the Lord.

What Does the Bible Say About Being A God-Fearing Man?

“Nothing can be placed against the other, so that if two are placed against each other, they cannot stand against each other.”—Deuteronomy 4:12.

As Jehovah’s Witnesses, we all want to serve Jehovah in truth. Each time that we do so, it is a disgrace, because people in the world are preventing us from serving Jehovah. Therefore, we need to find a way to encourage ourselves to reflect on the world. One of the most important things for young people to look at is how they are behaving in the world. For example, some young people think that the most important thing is how many people they are going to serve, whether they are good or bad. There are many people who have gone so far as to go to a psychiatric clinic to be treated for their mental illnesses. Some people think that they need to be treated because they are unable to take care of their illnesses themselves. What should we do if Jehovah and Jesus want us to do the same?

2 Jehovah wants us to have a heart that inspires us to serve him faithfully. Jesus also loved those who loved him. When he was about to die, he said to his disciples who believed him: “You are the ones in whom you will be inspired.” This indicates that his disciples are his heart. (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) A good heart is something that inspires him in good times and in all “good times.” (Proverbs 17:17) Psalm 4:9-12* indicates that good hearts will give us the strength to do what we do, and will inspire us when we are weak. (Read.)

* It is obvious that we use this word when we talk about the world, but in this lesson it refers specifically to the world in which we live.

1. Are all human beings equal today?

2. (a) Who were Jesus’ disciples? (b) As Revelation 4:9-12 shows, how do good disciples influence us?

18

This will help us to serve Jehovah faithfully as he wants us to. Moreover, if we devote ourselves to Jehovah with good intentions, we will have peace of mind in this life, and our peace of mind will last forever.

3 If you are young or old, how will good hearts inspire you to serve Jehovah faithfully? How can your friends and people who love Jehovah inspire you to do good? Let’s consider the example of the prophet Daniel, and look at what inspired him to do what he did, and to put his trust in Jehovah when he was confronted with a sickening situation. And let’s look at how Daniel was inspired by the good hearts of Jehovah when he did what was right for him.

THERE IS NO ONE WHO CAN MAKE YOU HAPPY BECAUSE YOU LOVE GOD

4 During Daniel’s childhood, in the present day, God sent a prophet to speak to him. The Israelites in Judah served Jehovah, and Jehovah served them. Therefore, in the year 620 B.C.E., Jehovah prevented King Nebuchadnezzar from destroying the Jews. (Dan. 1:2) In the present day, Daniel was a nineteen-year-old boy. Hundreds of years later, the Jews were taken to Babylon, and Daniel’s family was taken with them. Then Daniel and his father were taken there to be educated. (Dan. 1:3-6) This caused Daniel to become anxious, and he began to take care of his younger brothers and sisters.

5 What motivated Daniel to become faithful to Jehovah in Babylon? The Bible says that Daniel “was determined in his heart” to obey God’s laws. (Dan. 1:8) How did Daniel learn those laws? Who motivated him to serve Jehovah when he was a young boy? It seems that his parents motivated him. It is remarkable that Daniel’s title was “He Who Is God.” This indicates that Daniel’s parents were confident that when Daniel came to life, he would serve Jehovah and obey his directions.—Deuteronomy 6:6, 7.

6 It may also be that Jeremiah’s good example inspired Daniel. For example, Daniel might have been inspired by Jeremiah when Jehovah sent him to carry the sword to Judah’s king and to some of the tribes of Judah in the year 647 B.C. (Jer. 1:2, 17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6). It may be that Daniel’s tribe was influenced by the tribe of the tribes. Although it is unclear who Jeremiah and Daniel were, it is obvious that Jeremiah remembered the day when he came to God’s house. When Daniel died, he went to study the word that Jeremiah had ordered him to speak. (Jer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) Daniel learned from Jeremiah’s good example. Daniel learned that Jeremiah’s determination to be faithful to Jehovah meant that those who had chosen him were faithful to Jehovah.

7 And Daniel's fathers, and Jeremiah the prophet, and some of the faithful servants of the LORD did a good thing to Daniel, and he was blessed with the LORD.

8 For the fathers of this day cannot persuade their children to love the Lord. In what way? If you are the father, ask yourself, ‘Am I persuading my children to love the Lord?’ For example, if they were told, ‘You are the sons of God.’

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. When Daniel was nine, what did he do to escape?

5-6. Who were the people who saw Daniel’s failure to serve Jehovah?

7-8. How can music and musicians who have grown up in the congregation inspire others to be faithful to Jehovah?

OCTOBER 2026 19

What will they do if they fail at school or find something on the Internet? Am I inspiring them to follow the truth in the dark?’ Help your children grow in love for Jehovah and trust in him. How will you do that? At all times, you will be following Jehovah with them, encouraging them to take decisions in the congregation, and encouraging them to be loyal to you. Just as Jeremiah's good example inspired Daniel, so we who love Jehovah can inspire others to do the same.

HUEHON KPAKPAHI DOES THAT WHAT WE NEED TO DO WITH OURSELVES

9 When Daniel and the Hebrew youths were taken to Babylon, they were treated with kindness and kindness. When they were brought to Babylon, the Babylonians instructed them to do as the Babylonians did, and they were trained to serve the king, so that they would be faithful to the Lord.

10 And it came to pass, when the king heard that Daniel was put in the prison, that he and his sons did not obey the orders of the king, according to the commandment of Moses. (Dan. 1:5, 8) And the king said unto Daniel and his sons, Behold, I have brought you into the house of the king, and I will put you in the house of the king. 11 And the king said unto Daniel and his sons, Behold, I have brought you into the house of the king, and I will put you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the king, and I will set you in the house of the

9. What did the prophets Daniel and the Hebrew prophets have to do with?

10. What was the reason for the Hebrews to flee?

and then let them know. What will these people do?

11 He trained all the young men of Judah in Babylon so that the Bible only mentioned seven men who were faithful to Jehovah. They were Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. These seven helped them to become faithful to Jehovah. They did what their master wanted them to do, and they became faithful to Jehovah. As a result, Jehovah made them his own fathers.—Dan. 1:6-12, 17.

12 Do you think that your neighbors or your friends are trying to convince you to do something wrong? If so, what can you do to help them? Daniel and his companions were able to overcome the hardships they had to endure. Therefore, you are among those who have been urged to keep the truth to Jehovah all the time, and even the world has been warned to keep the truth to Jehovah. (1 John 2:15-17) Good companions can inspire you to keep the truth “in good faith,” which will lead to the upliftment of Jehovah and his confidence in you. (Luke 16:10) If you are faithful in “your heart,” then you will be more likely to be faithful when you face challenges.

HUEHON KPAKPAHI HAS MADE US WHAT WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE FOOTBALL AND THEY WILL KNOW YOU

13 The good minds cannot prevail against the evil minds, neither can the evil minds prevail against the good minds. Consider now what happened to Daniel and his good minds, when king Nebuchadnezzar commanded them to be put in prison, and desired to know what the evil minds meant. Therefore the king commanded that they should be put in prison.

11. How did Daniel and his servants understand their suffering? (Read the bottom of the book.)

12. What can we do to make ourselves and our neighbors feel more comfortable today?

13. What caused Daniel and his companions to fall?

20 MONITORING MEETING

Daniel 2:3, 9-11) If they do not do so, they will be kept. So that they may not be shown to the king’s greatness. Therefore, it was his heart’s desire that all the secrets that were kept in Babylon should be revealed to Daniel and his counsellors. So in all the trouble of this time, Daniel and his counsellors were in trouble. Daniel 2:3, 9-11) If they do not do so, they will be kept. So that they may not be shown to the king’s greatness. Therefore, it was his heart’s desire that all the secrets that were kept in Babylon should be revealed to Daniel and his counsellors. So in all the trouble of this time, Daniel and his counsellors were in trouble.

14 Daniel went to the king and urged him to call him back to show him his greatness. Then Daniel returned to his officials. The official explained what had happened. He said: “[Daniel] ordered them to pray to the God who is in the sky that he might show them mercy on this matter, so that Daniel and his officials might be put to death.” (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah answered their heartfelt prayer, and showed Daniel the greatness of the greatness. Daniel went to show the greatness of the greatness to him. Therefore, they did something, and Daniel and his officials were sent to Babylon.—Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

14. How did Daniel and his minds learn from their suffering? (See the footnotes.)

15 We will learn some important things from this article. First, it’s important that you focus on what you’re doing at the meeting. Keep a notebook or a notebook that you can use to write down what you’re thinking. Otherwise, you may want to ask someone to pray for you on a topic you’re discussing at the meeting. (2 Cor. 1:11) Be aware of how much a heartfelt prayer works. Jehovah, who is “the Hearer of Prayer,” will guide us to do things we don’t think we would do. (Ps. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) If we are committed to serving Jehovah, we cannot rely on them to give us strength and help us overcome the challenges we face in this life. —Read Galatians 6:2.

HUË KRAKPRA NƐ MAA YE BUA MO NGƐ SI FƆFƆƐ FƐƐ KO MI

16 The LORD alone is the Lord, and he cannot help you in all your troubles, if you think that he will help you alone. Consider the case of Daniel, who, when he was ninety years old,

15. What can we learn from this message? (Galatians 6:2)

16. Why did Daniel die while he was in prison?

How did Daniel’s servants help him out of the prison in which he was imprisoned? (Read section 14.)

Jehovah Always Takes Care of His Sons

(See page 18)

Daniel 3:1-11, 17-19, 20-21, 22-23, 24-25, 26-27, 28-29, 30-31, 32-33, 33-34, 34-35, 35-36, 36-37, 37-38, 38-39, 39-40, 40-41, 41-42, 42-43, 43-44, 44-45, 45-46, 46-47, 47-48, 48-49, 49-50, 50-51, 51-52, 52-53, 53-54, 54-55, 55-56, 56-57, 58-59, 59-60, 60-61, 61-62, 62-63, 63-64, 64-65, 65-66, 66-67, 68-69, 69-70, 70-71, 72-73, 73-74, 75-76, 77-78, 79-80, 79-80, 79-81, 79-82, 79-82, 79-83, 79-84, 79-85, 79-86, 79-87, 79-88, 79- Isn’t it true that he is the only one who knows the truth?—Dan. 6:4-16.

17 Daniel 6:19-23 illustrates the way in which Jehovah approached Daniel. (Read.) Jehovah God, who is the Lord, said that there was no way in which anyone could approach Daniel and take him away from them. So when the king went to take them away, Daniel spoke to the king and said: “God sent his angel to take them away,... for in his sight I have done you no good.” (Dan. 6:22) When Daniel’s spirit fell to the ground, he turned to his Lord, who is Jehovah, and then made him do the right thing.

17. As Daniel 6:19-23 shows, how did Daniel’s relationship with Jehovah improve?

18 Don’t you think that it’s just you because you’re focused on your weaknesses? Maybe the service will make you want to go somewhere else, or maybe you’ll need to go somewhere else, or maybe it’ll make you feel guilty because you’re focused on the Jehovah you’re serving. In these situations, maybe you’ll feel like there’s something you can do or something you can do that will help you. If you’re focused on the One Who’s Always With You, He’s always with you. He’s Jehovah. He knows what you’re up to, and he won’t let you down and help you in everything you do. (Psalm 139:7-10) Therefore, you can rest assured that Jehovah is looking for you, and he will help you.

HUƐMƐ KƐ YA NENEENE

19 It is very important for us to have good attitudes right now. Why? Because they will help us to wear good attitudes that will help us to stay focused on “Jehovah’s glory.” Good attitudes give us the strength to continue to strive. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11.) Because we are “interested in the sake of all people,” we are also “interested in the sake of ourselves.”

18. Why is it important that you rely on Jehovah, and how can you do so? (See also the section entitled, “Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Savior.”)

19. Why is it so important that we have good minds right now? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 MONITORING MEETING

Then the apostle Peter exhorted: “Love your neighbors as much as you love yourselves.”—1 Peter 4:7, 8.

20 Good thoughts are the things that come to Jehovah, and we need them most right now. Therefore, as Daniel did, you also need to be among those who do. Tell people who do things like Jeremiah, so that they can help you, and so that they can give you strength in your congregation, and so that you can be encouraged to go on to do Jehovah’s will. Be careful to ask people to pray for you when it is necessary. What’s more, know that Jehovah is your God, and that he will be with you. (Heb. 13:5) If we all make Jehovah our God, we will not be forced to be faithful to him, and our love for him will last forever.

20. Whom will you call your friend, and what will happen if you do good deeds?

THE WORSHIP OF THE LORD: Daniel and his servants were in the midst of a battle so that they could not give up the hope of escaping, and they went to the truth.

Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Savior

Is it necessary for you to consider Jehovah as your Father, or as the One on whom you can rely? If so, you may want to consider doing the following things to help you rely on Jehovah.

• Pray loudly: You are in a relationship with Jehovah, because he wants to be with you.

• Learn about Jehovah: Find out more about Jehovah by going to the Bible and studying it. Learn more about Jehovah so that you can understand who he is, what he does, and how he works.

• Be calm: You know that it will take time before you can trust someone to do something for you. You can’t really feel that Jehovah wants you to do something for him.

If you’d like to read the Bible, see the section “What Do I Give to the One I Give to God?” on jw.org.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO DO WITH OUR FRIENDSHIP WITH GOD...

■ Should I flee?

■ So that we can continue to live in peace with our neighbors?

■ Why do we need to be self-sufficient?

LA 161 O Suɔmi Nya Ní Lɛ Ma Pee

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

LA 162

Don't Believe God's Word

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

This understanding will help us to see the full extent of God’s love for us, and how we can do so.

Mo Susu Ngmami ɔ He Daa Ligbi

“He devoted all his mind to the word, and in the midst of the night he rested in the heavens of the Spirit.”—NIV 17:11.

In 1905, Jehovah’s Witnesses published a book called Daily Heavenly Manna for the Household of Faith, which included a text from Zion’s Watch Tower. The book was a source of inspiration for those who read it regularly, and it was widely used throughout the world. Jehovah’s Witnesses continued to use the book when it was published in 1927. In addition, the annual meeting is preceded by an introduction to the meeting in the Yearbook.* The Yearbook is published regularly, and the annual meeting is preceded by an introduction to the meeting in the Annual Report, which helps the brothers and sisters read the meeting with greater attention.

2 Since 1986, Jehovah’s Witnesses have produced a series called The Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania, which is now broadcast over 300 times a week. You can also watch the series on the JW Library app, Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY (wol.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

3 As we become more and more obsessed with studying, we may lose interest in the Bible. Therefore, in this article, we will consider the following three questions: (1) What Bible example can help us to focus on the Bible? (2) Why should we focus on the Bible? and (3) How can we focus on the Bible to gain greater understanding?

* Some days when the Year Book is being prepared, the Year Book and its explanation are published in the Monthly Bulletin for the brothers and sisters to read.

1-2. (a) What works did Jehovah’s church do in the past, and why? (b) Can we continue to do so today?

3. What might make it necessary for us to keep an eye on the Bible at all times, and what will we consider in this study?

24

THE BIBLE’S WORDS THAT WILL HELP YOU GET OVER IT

4 The way they applied this lesson shows that the Beroeans to whom Paul sent the letter wanted to learn the truth of the Bible. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) Although the Beroeans were encouraged by Paul to go to the church, they “focused on the word” and wanted to learn more about the Bible. The Bible therefore says of them that they “thought about things with thoughtfulness.” Because they applied what Paul taught them to what they had learned from the Bible, they recognized the truth of what Paul taught them. We are also confident that what is taught to us in our congregations, parishes, and districts is true because we live in our Bibles, which we take from when the speaker speaks in a group.

17:12) When some Jews who had met Paul in Thessalonica came to Beroea to speak to him, the elders in the city encouraged the Christians. (Neh. 17:13) The elders encouraged the Christians. Because they read the Bible regularly, they knew that they were seeing the truth. Therefore, they could not get lost in the truth. As we read the Bible regularly, it will help us to overcome the obstacles that we are constantly facing in our lives.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE WORDS OF GOD?

6 Let our minds be filled with wisdom, and let our hearts be filled with peace.

4. What did the Beroeans do when Paul came to them? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. What did the Beroeans learn about the Bible that is read every day?

6. Why should we constantly think about ourselves? (See the section entitled, “Bible Thoughts About God’s Unforgivable Love for Us.”)

What the Bible Says About the God Who Is Unbelievable

• Moses’ father asked them to make sacrifices for him.—Exodus 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah gave Joshua the commandment to read the Law “with good earnestness.”—Josh. 1:8.

• Jehovah’s servants in Israel used the words in the Book of Mormon as a guide for their daily reading.—Deuteronomy 17:18-20.

• The Psalmist encourages us to be faithful to God’s Word and to put ourselves “in the midst of the multitude.” —Psalm 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed three times during the night.—Dan. 6:10.

• The book of Psalms talks about church leaders who are “exalted” in the service of God in a good way.—Revelation 7:15.

(John 3:16) Bible examples show that if we serve Jehovah constantly, we will be blessed. All of our brothers and sisters have learned that if they keep their minds focused on the Lord, they will spend time praying, studying the Bible, and putting their faith into what they have learned.

7 The manner in which we meditate will show that we are in heavenly possession. (Read Ephesians 5:15, 16.) If we spend a hundred percent of our time meditating on how our loving Father, Jehovah, views things, we will be encouraged to meditate.

7-8. What are some of the reasons why we should focus on ourselves? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

OCTOBER 2026

25

This is the way we will be able to go on so that in the future, we will be able to focus on the heavens.

8 Thoughtfulness will give us the strength to overcome the obstacles that prevent us from achieving our goals. Jesus said, “Every obstacle is overcome by its obstacles.” (Matt. 6:34) As Jesus said, we are overcome by obstacles. Even in our present circumstances, Jesus helps us to know that Jehovah knows our needs and our desires. (Matt. 6:25-32) Thoughtfulness will help us focus our attention on the things that we want to do, and on the ways in which we can trust in the guidance that Jehovah will give us. (Psalm 68:19; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7) For example, when a 19-year-old brother was angry about a sin he had committed, he wondered whether God would take his punishment on him or not. He prayed to God that he would let him know that he would take his punishment on him. Then he continued to read the libbi. The current libbi was Psalm 86:5, which reads: “O Jehovah, you have done well, and you have shown that you are wicked; your love is everlasting toward those who are called upon you.” The brother then said: “At the end of the day, I realized that I was in good spirits, and my heart was filled with gratitude. I’m so grateful that Jehovah has given me the courage to study the book, and I’m so encouraged by what I’ve learned.”

9 At any given time, the Bible teaches us that we should “turn our backs to Jehovah” when we face adversity in the church. (Proverbs 3:5, 6) For example, in the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the Bible quoted Isaiah 30:15, which says: “If you turn your backs to Jehovah, you will be strengthened.” This quote inspired brothers and sisters in Ukraine.

For example, a young man named Eduard said: “The Bible is a great source of inspiration for me. I read it every day, and then we prayed together. It gave us the strength to focus on our lives.” A young man named Svitlana said: “Isaiah 30:15 became a great source of inspiration for us. We began to think about it when we were in our youth.”

10 The way that we keep thinking about it will help us to be faithful to Jehovah all the time. We need to be faithful just as we need to be faithful to those with whom we work and those with whom we work, and the world needs to be faithful to the truth, not to be faithful to the truth by sitting by the book. When Jehovah told Joshua to take the Israelites away, Jehovah told him three times to be faithful and to be faithful. As Joshua refused to be faithful, Jehovah turned back to him and told him to read the Book of the Prophet all the time. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) This means that if we continue to study the Bible regularly, it will inspire us to continue to be faithful to Jehovah.

11 Thoughtfulness will inspire us to become full-fledged Christians. For example, Paul urged Timothy, who was a young man, to be diligent in the power of the word, in obedience, in love, in self-control, and in patience. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) Thoughtfulness will inspire us to see what we can do to become Christians:

9. How did our brothers and sisters in the Ukraine benefit from the retreat?

10. Why do we need to be steadfast, and what can we do to be more steadfast? (Joshua 1:6-9) (Read especially the footnotes.)

11. How will it help us if we keep thinking about our soul?

26 MONITORING MEETING

When we read the Bible regularly, it helps us to grow in faith. (Read section 10.)

A Christian who is born again is one who thinks about things as Jehovah thinks about things, and who is determined to please Jehovah. He is also determined to live in harmony with God’s laws.—Rom. 8:5, 6.

12 If we focus on ourselves, we will be able to do all the work that the congregation can do for us. There are many jobs in Jehovah’s congregation today. Therefore, Jehovah’s congregation needs young men and women who have grown up to do these jobs. We need young men and women who will serve as missionaries, who will spread the good news, who will serve at Bethel or in day-to-day teaching at Bethel, and who will help the congregation grow. In addition, we need men who are willing to take on the responsibility of serving as church ministers, church leaders, and elders. Jehovah wants men who are uncompromising, who know how to apply the Bible’s principles, and who are dedicated to his church. (Deuteronomy 1:13-15) If we think about ourselves regularly, that will help us to have a good relationship with God. It will give us the energy we need to work hard to accomplish the tasks that are entrusted to us.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE LORD’S WORSHIP?

13 How can you continue to meditate on the Bible? When a member of the Bethel family goes to work during the week, they think deeply about the Bible. Before they do so, they pray constantly. You too can pray constantly and ask Jehovah to give you guidance so that you can continue to meditate on the Bible. (James 1:5) When you pray, read the Bible and its interpretation. Then you can ask yourself these questions: ‘How can today’s Bible help me to continue to meditate on it?’ What do I learn from Jehovah that will give me the strength to rely on him? How will today’s world give me the strength to deal with the challenges that lie ahead?’

12. What distinct duties do brothers and sisters in the congregation have to perform, and what can we do to encourage ourselves to do these duties?

13. What are some of the books that will help you think about life after death?

OCTOBER 2026 27

What will keep you from being distracted while you’re in the middle of the night? (Read section 18.)

When you and your partner are meditating on the day, you may think that nothing will show what you’ve learned and what you’ve been inspired by. (Rom. 1:12) Some brothers and sisters try to put two or three pieces of clothing on the day so that they can concentrate on one thing or focus on one thing for the whole day.

14 The following materials will help you focus on the chapter that you are going to read. (1) Pick out the most important points in the chapter in the Bulletin, and focus on them. (2) Read the chapters that are mentioned in the chapter. (3) When the chapter is written, read the entire chapter, and then go back to the beginning of the chapter. (4) Use the Jehovah’s Witnesses’ Guide to the Bible to read the chapters in the chapter to help you learn more. (5) If you are viewing the Gazette on your phone or tablet, you will be able to click on the link to the Gazette at the bottom of the page. (6) If you are viewing the Gazette on your computer, you will be able to click on the link to the Gazette at the bottom of the page. (7) If you are viewing the Gazette on your tablet, you will be able to click on the link to the Gazette at the bottom of the page.

* The title of the journal in the translation indicates the year and month in which the journal was published. It also indicates the name of the editor or editors, and the year or years in which the journal was published.

14-15. What is one thing we can do, and what will help us to know what we are learning when we continue to look at the Bible?

15 A 19-year-old brother named Mackenzie explains why he enjoys watching television. He says: “When I take a picture of myself watching television, it helps me concentrate on what I’m watching, and that helps me learn more about what I’m watching.” 16 A 19-year-old brother named John says: “When I take a picture of myself watching television, it helps me focus on what I’m watching, and that helps me learn more about what I’m watching.”

16 When should you watch the daylight saving time? Watch when it’s hitting you and your family. For example, some people do it when they’re on vacation, or when they’re on vacation, or when they’re taking their children to school. In order for some people to be sure that they’re watching the daylight saving time, the Mo Susu Ngmami o He Daa Ligbi womiyo is taken to the law. Until the daylight saving time comes, you’ll be able to watch the daylight saving time while you’re away from home.

17 Why is it important that we take a position and focus on the Bible? If we do so, we will not be able to keep ourselves from doing bad things. A 16-year-old brother named John said: “If you focus on the Bible and don’t think about it, it’s something you don’t want to do.”

16. At what time will you be able to see the daylight in the night?

17-18. Why is it important for us to keep our eyes on God, and what will inspire us to keep our eyes on God? (See the footnotes.)

28 MONITORING MEETING

If you don’t care, it won’t make you sick.” A 25-year-old boy named Sierra said: “I decided that I wouldn’t think about it until I was in bed, before I started doing things.” And a 21-year-old boy named Rogelio said: “In order to keep me from thinking about it, I put the alarm on my seat to keep me awake.”

18 Instead of focusing on what’s going on in your life, focus on what you want to do, rather than on what’s happening to you. A 19-year-old sister named Isabelle says: “Don’t be afraid to do something or to put a piece of clothing around your neck so that you can focus on what’s going on in your life. If you’re focusing on things on your phone while you’re watching the television, take the My Watchman’s Watch on Me book and print it out.” A 19-year-old girl named Olivia says: “The most rewarding thing about watching television is that it helps you concentrate on what you’re watching. If you’re watching something that makes you or someone else worry about watching television, it helps you focus on what you’re watching.”

FIRST, YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE, AND YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE, AND YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE, AND YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE, AND YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE, AND YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE, AND YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE, AND YOU ARE THE ONE THAT

19 First, if you give your children the opportunity to keep thinking about the Bible, it will help them to keep thinking about God. Second, your children are the greatest and most important of all things. If that is the case, consider the following: If you and your children keep thinking about the Bible and what it teaches, you and your children will have a good relationship with Jehovah. —Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: “It is only the heart that gives a man strength, but every word that pleases Jehovah.” (Matt. 4:4) Just as we are determined to do what we want to do all the time, so it is important that we continue to do what we love to do, whether it is studying the Bible or studying the Bible, because that is where our strength lies!

19. Why is it so important to know how to look into the heart of the other person to see what is going on? (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20. How will God’s love for us help us to keep going?

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

■ What are some of the reasons why we should continue to reflect on the Bible?

■ What can we do to keep our mind focused so that we have a greater sense of purpose?

■ What are some of the books in this study that will inspire you if you continue to think about the Bible?

LA 94 God’s Plan for the World

You Are the One Who Has Made Me What I Am

(Ephesians 4:4-6) Are you pleased with the love that you feel for them? Or are you pleased that they are going to be lifted up to heaven? In fact, people want to know that they are part of Jehovah’s church because they see that we are loving, that we show them our love, and that that is what we should do. For the love that we show, and our goodness, is what distinguishes us as true Christians.—John 13:35; 1 Peter 2:12.

(1 Cor. 5:1) If your faith is based solely on how you look at things, it may indicate that your faith is not strong enough. If so, what will help you to make sure that your faith continues to be strong? (2 Cor.

WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO ME IF I DON’T FOLLOW THIS STRATEGY?

If you begin to reflect on the Bible’s teachings and become convinced that they are the truth, you will be able to strengthen your faith. See the example below.

At the same time, Jesus ordered all of his disciples to take him away. When they heard what Jesus had said that they should not do to him, they were upset and said: “This is the word that they are saying with their ears.” Jesus’ words impressed them so much that they ordered him to be taken away.—John 6:56-60, 66.

Then Jesus asked the two disciples: “Do you also want to go?” Simon Peter answered: “Lord, let us take him away. You have him in the heavens of eternal life. We have seen him, and we know that you are the One Who is God.”—John 6:67-69.

Why did Peter and the apostles take an interest in the people who were persecuting them? Peter and the apostles took an interest in the people who were persecuting them. Peter said: “Give us, that we may know that you are the Son of God the Almighty.” These faithful disciples knew what they were saying, and what they were doing. As he applied Jesus’ words to the things he had read in the Scriptures, he was sure that Jesus was the Messiah. In the end, they were forced to accept Jesus as their Lord and Savior, and to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

What can we learn from this story? The things we learn are more powerful than we think. Why do we say that? Because the Bible’s teachings about God’s name, the ways God works, and the promises we read in the Bible have changed dramatically. We can’t change ourselves. For example, people’s actions or words may make us feel good, but we can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves. We can’t change ourselves.

30 MONITORING MEETING

(Proverbs 27:11; 28:19, 20; 29:1, 2; 30:1, 2; 31:1, 2; 32:1, 2; 33:1, 2; 34:1, 2; 35:1, 2; 36:1, 2; 37:1, 2; 38:1, 2; 39:1, 2; 40:1, 2; 41:1, 2; 42:1, 2; 43:1, 2; 44:1, 2; 45:1, 2; 46:1, 2; 47:1, 2; 48:1, 2; 49:1, 2; 50:1, 2; 51:1, 2; 52:1, 2; 53:1, 2; 54:1,

Indeed, our love for one another and our good relationships with our brothers and sisters give us great joy, and that’s what Jehovah wants us to do. Even if there is something we don’t like about ourselves, we can’t change our beliefs if we don’t turn our attention to the truths in the Bible. If we do that, it will help us to feel confident that we care about those who serve Jehovah in the way he wants them to do, whether they behave against us or against ourselves.

By studying the Bible all the time, we will be more confident in the truths we learn, and it will help us to feel confident that we are serving Jehovah in the right way, and that we are doing what is right for him. If we do so, we will be more confident in ourselves, and the words or deeds of others will not offend us.—Psalm 16:8; see the chapter entitled, “Do What You Do Not Do.”

If your desire continues to be as strong as it was when you were younger, then it means that your desire is broken.

Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah

Tell him that you are going to a place that is very quiet. It seems to me that although the way is narrow, it is likely that when you are going to a place that is very quiet, you will feel very relaxed.

Sometimes, while you’re on the road, people may do things that you don’t want to do. They may be shouting at you in the evening, or they may be talking to you in the evening. Though these things may happen in the evening, the evening shows you that the evening you’re on is about you. All you need to do is be ready to go when the evening begins.

The same applies to us. We all have a role to play in Jehovah’s plan, and we are confident that we depend solely on his church. Sometimes, our brothers and sisters will do something that will upset us, or a brother or sister we believe in will do something wrong that will cause us to lose our faith in him or her. Whatever happens, we should always remember that we are all part of Jehovah’s church, and that he loves us and cares for us. If we are confident that the truths we learn from the Bible are true, and if we have confidence in Jehovah’s church that follows our teachings, we will gradually abandon them, and our faith in them will grow.

HOW DOES THE MONITORING OF GOD’S WORSHIP WORK?

October 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 11 DANGME

MUNYUHI NƐ NGƐ MI

1926—The Great Depression | 2

Monthly Readings for December 7-13 | 6 Give Yourselves to Those Who Are in Need

Monthly Reading for December 14-20 | 12 How Jehovah, Who Is in the Middle of the World Today, Is Helpful and Compassionate

December 21-27 | 18 Things We Should Know About Jehovah’s Witnesses

December 28–January 3 | 24 Mo Susu Ngmami ɔ He Daa Ligbi

Be the One You Want to Be | 30

NIHI A SI KPAMI

Jehovah Helps Us to Stay Strong and Healthy

Emma works three days a week at a hotel, and she spends those hours working hard. One day, she asks her supervisor to put her in a single room in the hotel so she can go to the district mission. Emma’s supervisor is not satisfied with her work, but he tells Emma that if she goes to the next week’s mission, she will stay in the room. He tells Emma that if she does that, she will lose her job. So Emma turns to Jehovah, declares that she will do the mission, and goes to the district mission.

When Emma went to the hotel manager, she was told that she was not working, and she went to the hotel manager himself. When she told the manager what had happened, the manager told her that he would take care of the matter. Two days later, Emma was told that she had been fired from her job. A week later, Emma and the hotel manager went back to the hotel, and when she returned to the hotel, she was surprised to find that Emma’s manager had taken Emma’s directions into account. Therefore, she took care of the matter, and Emma was fired from her job. From now on, she’ll be working in the office until she’s 11:00 a.m., when she’ll be ready to go home. That’s a big change for Emma, because she knows she’s going to be able to use the time she’s spent in the office to do the things she loves to do in Jehovah’s service. God is using his wisdom to help her do more than she can do in the office.

We’re grateful for your support. It’s a great way to keep Bible education going, and people are eager to give something they love. If you’re interested in helping, we encourage you to visit donate.jw.org.

The chapters in the book are entitled The Great Book—Let’s Take a Closer Look. If we take a closer look and apply it to a particular topic, we’ll get a clearer picture.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org or scan this code

JW.ORG

w26.10-DG