OCTOBER 2026

ANNOUNCEMENT

THE LORD IS WITH YOU

ADESUA SYSTEM:

DECEMBER 7, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

MFE ƆHA A ATWAM

The NEW YORK TIMES of January 1, 1926 stated that, “God will soon make everyone know that He is the Lord.” Instead, it stated that, “God will send some people to bear witness to Him.”

In 1926, Jehovah sent Jesus Christ, the Church’s leader, to make it clear to Christians that the ministry should be an important part of their lives. As a result, “the faithful young man and the faithful young woman” made a great deal of publicity, improved the way in which they attended congregational meetings, and showed the brothers what they were doing that would make them Christians. (Matt. 24:45) Christ also showed them how to do the work, and how to prepare them for the ministry by making them participate in the public service.

WE ARE THE ONE THAT HAS THE POWER, AND WE ARE THE ONE THAT HAS THE ABILITY, AND WE ARE THE ONE THAT HAS THE INTELLIGENCE.

In April, The Golden Age, now known as Nyan!, decided to publish a magazine called Deliverance. This was intended to help members of the congregation use the Studies in the Scriptures magazine in their ministry. In order to ensure that members of the congregation had the necessary quantity of the magazine to go to the church, the Bethel brothers were given a set of 22 magazines each week. Anyone who had witnessed to the Bible Study, if possible, was given one of the magazines.

Many years later, the Bible Students continued to read Studies in the Scriptures, but from May 1926 onwards, they began to read the Weekly. What did this mean for them?

The Little Bunker Hill congregation in Illinois sent a letter to Rutherford, saying: “The Little Bunker Hill congregation is sorry for you. When April comes, what the Jehovah’s Witnesses say we should do, we will do. It is our hope that, if there is any news, we will all know it immediately in the Weekly.”

For example, an article in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures (New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures in English, 2013) explained that while we should give great attention to ourselves, to our people, and to ourselves, we should not lose sight of the most important work. The article said: ‘If a man loves the Lord, he should walk in his commandments. Jehovah says: Be ye my apostles, and I will be your God. If a man is a Christian, he should be determined to obey the testimony of God.’

The editors of the Weekly also found that true Christians show that they love Jehovah by loving him with all their heart and soul. That article encouraged the Bible Students to go out and preach the good news to everyone, whether in the woods or in the desert.—Isaiah 43:10, 12; Matthew 24:14.

A few months later, a letter from one of the congregations was published in the New York Daily News on July 15, 1926. It read: “The New York Daily News has published two articles this week.

2 SEPTEMBER

“If we are to do this, everybody wants to take care of himself, and that is a great benefit to our congregation,” the clergyman said. “If we are to do this, everybody wants to take care of himself, and that is a great benefit to our congregation.”

WE ARE HAPPY, AND WE ARE HAPPY TO KNOW THAT THEY ARE HAPPY WHEN THEY ARE HAPPY TO KNOW THAT THEY ARE HAPPY

After the May 11, 2001 earthquake, many Bible Students attended a conference in London, England. At that time, all the workers in Britain were on vacation, so it was necessary to find a working group to write a report for them. As a result, the members of the Brooklyn Bethel prepared a 117,000-page report entitled The Standard for the People, which was distributed to those attending the London conference.

On May 29, the report was sent to the police. On that day, a message on the program of the meeting urged the brothers: “Whoever takes part in this meeting should tell people about Jesus and His Kingdom. Then, everybody, go to Alexandra Palace as soon as possible, and the brothers there will tell you what to do.”

The newspaper, which appeared on July 15, 1926, reported: “The reporters were very excited. They thought they could spread the good news of Jehovah to people and show that they were his followers.”

On the occasion, Rev. Rutherford gave a speech at the Royal Albert Hall. His title was “Why the Apostles of the Lord Delivered—What Happened Afterward.” At the time of the speech, 13,000 people were in attendance. Those who were sitting on the podium were given a speech by speakers installed in the auditorium.

In his speech, Elder Rutherford explained that the reason why the world’s wise men and women are being judged is because they have rejected Jehovah and his Kingdom. He then addressed the Elders of the Church, saying that they are not following him.

WE ARE CELEBRATING THE ASSEMBLY IN INDIA

When Mr. Rutherford was attending a meeting in London, he met a man named Edwin Skinner from Sheffield, England. On his way to the meeting in Sheffield, Mr. Rutherford told him that he had met him in London.

Skinner said: “He told me that he would tell me that I was going to be a national hero.” Skinner said: “The other day, I went to London. Every time I went there, I thought, ‘I’m going to be a national hero.’

A. Deliverance nwoma no

B. Alexandra Palace in London

D. Royal Albert Hall in London

DELIVERANCE!

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

B

D

E. George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner during their visit to India

E. George Draper

E

A

He said, “If I go to India, I’ll be there.” When the two of them arrived, Rutherford asked him, “If we go to India, will you go?” Edwin replied, “When do you want me to go?”

Half a century later, in July, Edwin Skinner and George Wright set off for India. Skinner was a Bethelite and supervised all the work in the country. He also supervised the work in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), and Persia (Iran). Skinner served India for 64 years before leaving the country in 1990.

AHWƐFO AKWANTUFO DII ASƐNKA ADWUMA NO ANIM

Since about 1894, Jehovah’s Witnesses have been paying the Bible Students a salary similar to that of the Bible Watchers today. By July 1926, the way the Bible Students were paid for their work had changed. They had to work all day, but after that they had to pay 100 cents for every sermon.

Brother George Draper, who was a superintendent, wrote a letter to the congregation. He said: “Jehovah’s servants are like waitstaff, so we must urge people to be prepared for the coming calamity. [Isaiah 56:10] The Watch Tower that is to be published will help us to be prepared for that, and that is what I have in my heart.” Brother Draper left his earthly service in 1938.

NEW YORK CITY

The most important meeting of the year was held in New York City from October 14 to 18, 1926. Rutherford was giving a lecture entitled “The Great Controversy of the Age of Reason.” The meeting was organized so that Rutherford’s lecture would be given twice a year. However, shortly before the conference began, many of those who had been appointed had left.

On Sunday, October 15, Rev. R. J. Martin published a newspaper entitled Against the People. He said it would be a reminder of the work that was being done by the anti-religious group, and it would be twice as much as Rutherford’s paper. Rev. Martin said: “We’re going to give ourselves a little bit of time to re-print our newspaper. Our Bethel brothers will work day and night to re-print 1,250,000 copies of the paper, and we’ll make sure that the members of this congregation can distribute it to people.” When the meeting ended on Sunday, Rev. R. J. Martin and his brothers started re-printing the newspaper. If they fail, they will be deducted 300,000.

Memeneda and Kwasiada also made a lot of contributions, and the number of copies sold reached 1,000,000. By that time, brothers and sisters had produced 3,783 Deliverance magazines and 35,140 magazines.

On Wednesday, October 17, when the first half of the book was published, about 12,000 people attended a meeting where Rutherford delivered a speech. When he delivered the speech, those who were interested asked many questions.

4 SEPTEMBER

F. A letter of motivation; addressed to Mr. Rutherford’s lecture entitled “The Contribution of the United Arab Emirates to the World Peace”

G. Meeting held in October 1926 at Madison Square Garden in New York

They were more than 9,000; since then, they have held meetings that have made a lot of noise that day.

WE ARE AT 117 ADAMS STREET

Because so many people were interested in our news, the brothers and sisters in Brooklyn who were involved in organizing things decided that we would have to stay at a place where we could get our news. Most of the time, they would go to 18 Concord Street, where they would get our news. But because of the busy schedule, it would be too small. So the brothers and sisters bought a piece of land on Adams Street near where they were staying, and they built a large shelter on it. They also needed a place where they could get our news.

In 1927, they moved to 117 Adams Street, where they set up an office to help prepare the congregation for the coming crisis. In 1927, a large number of people joined the congregation, and Jehovah prepared them so that in 1931 they could be called Jehovah’s Witnesses.

The place where the record was recorded at 117 Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York

OCTOBER 2026 5

DECEMBER 7-13, 2026

DWOM 46

Let Us Pray for You, Jehovah

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

Why we should explain things correctly, and how we can do so.

Write about things that are important to you

“Be men who show kindness.”—COL. 3:15.

A 95-year-old man named John* was very ill. He had people looking after him. Every day when someone came to see him, or did something bad for him, John would take care of it. He would put the name of the person who was looking after him in a booklet. When he was going to die, he would ask the people who were looking after him to put a piece of bread on his face and pray. Then, those who were going to see him or did something bad for him on that day, Jehovah would tell them what to do. One witness said: “Though John’s illness made him feel uncomfortable, he was very happy and excited.” John’s story shows that when things go wrong and we express ourselves wrongly, it makes us feel better and more confident.

(2 Tim. 3:1, 2) There are some people who, when someone does something to them, are confident that they will be rewarded for it. And there are some parents who, when someone does something to them, know why they should be rewarded for it, because they think that it is a disgrace to the one who did it. Such rewards are not true; they are a form of self-righteousness.

3 As Jehovah’s servants, we should not follow the example of the world’s wealthy people. The apostle Paul admonished us: “We are not men of opinions.” (Col. 3:15) When someone does something for us or helps us, we should not think that it is wrong, but rather that it is good for us.

* We have removed the name.

1. What do you learn from John’s account? (See also the footnote.)

2. What do many people do today?

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

6

Explaining things correctly can make you feel better and more confident (see paragraph 1)

If we do something to show that we are sorry for what has been done to us, let’s consider the following questions to help us be more willing to do it: (1) Why should we express our regret? (2) How can we make our regret greater? (3) What can we do to show our regret?

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THESE THINGS?

The Bible says, “Every day is your day.” (Proverbs 15:15) At some point in our lives, we all face a challenge that will cause us to suffer. There is a challenge that we can’t overcome, but what we do about it depends on us. If we focus too much on what’s going on in our lives, we may find that every day is a bad day for us. If we focus too much on what’s going on in our lives, it will ruin our happiness because it will make us lose sight of some of the things that are going on in our lives.

4. How can we help others if we talk about things that are not right?

5 It helps us to express annoyance about things. A person who expresses annoyance about things is anxious. Proverbs 15:15 says: “He who is happy will be in trouble.” A person who is “happy” will focus on things that are going on in his life and express annoyance about them when he is in trouble. If he does, he will focus on things that are going on in his life. He will be anxious, and he will continue to feel that he is “in trouble.”

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. When we pray to God about what he is doing for us, we are being “informed” about what he is doing for us. Why do we say this? When we express ourselves in an inappropriate way, we tend to focus our attention on what God is doing for us now, rather than on what he is doing in the future or in the past. If we focus our attention on how God is helping us today, we will be more confident in ourselves, and we will know that we are in God’s hands.

5. Why do we feel angry when we say things wrong?

6. If we trust Jehovah, how can we show that he is willing to give us what we need? —Philippians 4:6, 7.

OCTOBER 2026 7

Each day, look at how Jehovah has blessed you (See paragraphs 9-10)

(Matt. 6:25-34) Furthermore, if we trust and pray that Jehovah will listen to all that we have in our hearts, he will “give us rest,” and that will help us to stand up for ourselves.

7 When we express ourselves correctly, we show that we love Jehovah. Everything we do is given to us by Jehovah. (Read James 1:17.) We have been given many things, including the redemption and the sacrifices we make so that we can live forever. Why does Jehovah give us all these things? It is not because he is weak, but because he loves us. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) When we express ourselves correctly about the love Jehovah has for us and the things he has given us, our love for him grows, and we become his faithful friends.

WHAT WILL WE DO AND WHY WILL WE DO IT?

8 Think about some of the things that Jehovah has done for you in the past. You may have encountered a difficult situation in your life. You may have lost a loved one, suffered a disease, or been attacked because of your faith. What has helped you to stand firm in any of these situations? If you look back, you’ll find that if Jehovah knew you, he would have helped you. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) Just as he helped you in the past, if you focus on what you do, you’ll be more successful.—Prov. 103:2.

9 Be grateful for the things Jehovah has done for you. The Bible tells us to “be grateful in all things.” (1 Thess. 5:18) Each day is a time to be grateful for the things Jehovah has done for you. You can be grateful at any time of the day. You can be grateful for what you can do, and you can be grateful for what you can do in the day. You can be grateful for what you can do, and you can be grateful for the things Jehovah has done for you. (Deut. 92:1, 2) You can follow the example of John in this chapter and be grateful for the things Jehovah has done for you. What are some of the things you can be grateful for?

7. What does it do to our relationship with God if we do things wrongly? (James 1:17)

8. How will the things that God has done for us help us if we fail? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What does Jehovah do for you every day? (See also the footnote.)

8 SEPTEMBER

10 Most importantly, concentrate on what Jehovah does for you that day. (Deut. 40:5) Concentrate on how Jehovah gives you spiritual comfort. Concentrate on how he answers your prayers, how his Word of God comforts you, and how the Bible reports, videos, and JW Broadcasting show that he cares about you. (Deut. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Concentrate also on some of the things he does to make you feel comfortable. Some of them include how he makes you feel comfortable in your bed, how he makes you feel good about yourself, and how he makes you feel good about your loved ones. Because of the “bread and wine” that God has given us, we enjoy all these blessings. (Deut. 17:25) What else does Jehovah give you that you can rely on?—Eph. 5:20.

11 Being part of a large family where you and your brothers and sisters love Jehovah gives you many blessings. Try to take advantage of those blessings. (Deut. 133:1; Deut. 18:24) Sometimes a brother or sister will do something to help you, or say something comforting to you. (Deut. 12:25; 16:24) Even the small things our brothers and sisters do for us are a sign of the blessings that Jehovah has given us, and we should take them seriously. For example, a brother or sister who was in sorrow for someone else’s death would, if he or she went to bed, take a small piece of bread. And he came to me, and put his hand upon me, and told me that he had great love for the brethren. And the hand of the young man that put his hand upon the mother of his father was comforting, and his heart was greatly moved.

12 If you think about some of the things that Jehovah has done for you, and what he is doing for you, it will make you feel more sorry. As we’ve seen, when someone does something for us or helps us, we shouldn’t feel sorry for it. Rather, we should acknowledge it or do something to show that we are sorry for what has been done to us. What do we do?

WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO?

13 What can we do to show good manners? Let’s look at the principles that underpin this advice. When the apostle Paul urged us to show good manners, he said: “And whatever you do, whether in speech or in work, do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, and let it be done to God the Father.” (Col. 3:15, 17) We can see that good manners are shown in both speech and deed. Here, Paul is pointing to the way in which we speak about Jehovah. So, how can we make our language, our words, and our behavior show that we like what our parents do for us? Let’s consider one example.

14 Make your voice or words show that you are in agreement with what is wrong with you. Don’t think that if someone does something very bad to you, you will give it up. If it’s funny and it hurts you, a prophecy that he said to you, or a gift that a friend gave you, you can give it up. Then, you can send a text message, email, or you can write a letter to address it. For example, did an elder in the congregation rebuke you or did your elder give you a rebuke twice? Can you write something back that will make you feel better?

11-12. What blessings does Jehovah give to our brothers and sisters?

13. How can we show our parents that we like what they do to us?

14. How can you use your language or words to show that you feel the same way about what your parents are doing to you? (See also the footnote.)

OCTOBER 2026 9

How can you show by your words and actions that you appreciate what others do for you? (See paragraph 14.)

(1 Thess. 5:12, 13) In addition, you can ask the elders in your congregation to help you. So when they feel that their wives can do something, they offer gifts so that their wives can help the elders in the church.

15 Above all, we must tell Jehovah that we are praying. What do we do? We pray with all our hearts. That is, we pray in a certain way. (Eph. 6:18) We may be tempted to pray or not. In such situations, we pray to Jehovah for something that might give us strength to deal with a situation, or for an understanding that might help us make a decision. Or perhaps we pray for something that we feel we are wrong about. However, there are many things that Jehovah has given us that, if we are concerned about them, encourage us to pray daily. (Deut. 95:2) Indeed, we can ask questions about ourselves to see how our prayers are. We may ask ourselves: ‘Is our prayer inadequate, or do we turn to Jehovah?’

15. How can our prayers show that we appreciate what Jehovah does for us?

16 Do something nice to show that you are grateful for what others do to you. If someone does something that upsets you, do something to show that you are grateful. When we do something for others, we are grateful not only because someone does something for us, but also because we do something nice to show that we are grateful. (Proverbs 20:35) Moreover, when we do this, we make others feel that we love them, and they feel that we are grateful, which makes them want to talk to us.

17 When we look at the little things that Jehovah does for us, it encourages us to do something to show that we are grateful for what has been done for us. What can we do for Jehovah? One thing we can do is to offer our bodies to him “for a high price.” (Read Romans 12:1.) In other words, we put all our mind, heart, and strength into doing what Jehovah wants. What are the things that he wants?

16. Why should we do something good to show that we like what others do to us?

17-18. What can we do to show Jehovah that we are sorry for what has been done to us?

10 SEPTEMBER

18 When we learned about Jehovah’s love for us, we became very grateful for what he has done for us. He encouraged us to be grateful for what he has done for us, and we became conscious of that love. We are committed to devoting all our time, energy, and resources to the work of the Kingdom. That is why we try to read his Word daily, go out to preach the good news to our neighbors, and do everything we can to go to church, and we also go to church as much as we can. When that day comes, we will devote our money and resources to the Kingdom work. (Deut. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) If we do our best to listen to Jehovah, we show that we appreciate what he does for us.—Colossians 3:23, 24.

19 In this age, many people do. We feel that it is very important that we express ourselves correctly. We feel that when we express ourselves correctly, it gives us great joy, enhances our self-esteem, and, above all, makes us like Jehovah. When we express ourselves correctly about the things that Jehovah does for us and the things that he wants us to do for us, it makes us feel good about ourselves. Let us be sure that we use our language and do everything in a way that reflects what God wants us to do. However, what is most important is that we make Jehovah feel that what he does for us is good for us all. If we do so, the blessings that our God, who knows all things, will bestow on us today and in the future will not be small.—Deut. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19. Why do you take it upon yourself to explain things incorrectly?

CHAPTER 7: This chapter shows what John did. CHAPTER 8: Something went wrong with a young man, but he did not reject the blessing that the Lord had given him; this is a heartfelt and comforting story.

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ Why do we need to explain things correctly?

■ How can you maximize the benefits of your commitment?

■ What can you do to show your anger?

DWOM 139

Fa W’ani Bu Wiase Foforo No

DECEMBER 14-20, 2026

DWOM 143

Go to Work, Go and Wait

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

Let's look at how Jehovah has given us some of his blessings at this time.

12

How to Know If Jehovah Wants You to Do the Right Thing, Part 1

“In this all men shall know that you are my disciples.”—JOHN 13:35.

CONSIDE when Jehovah took the Israelites out of the Red Sea to save them from the Egyptians, and you were there. Look at how your heart shook when you saw Jesus rescuing the sick and eating the dead. Do you think it would make you feel so much better? The Bible speaks of a terrible disaster only a few years ago. Anyone who is faithful and honest and who sees a terrible disaster in his heart will recognize it as God’s will. (Matt. 15:31) However, the disaster did not occur today. And now, do you see the disaster disappear? Yes, it did. What do we mean when we say that it is absolutely unlikely?

2 Anxiety is something that is beyond the power of man, or something that can’t be overcome. It’s something that Jehovah has given him power to do. In this chapter, we’ll look at some of the anxieties that Jehovah does to his people today. We can argue that these things are anxiety, because it’s Jehovah himself who can make them happen. In each case, we’ll look at what we can do to show that we are “the servants of God.”—Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURITY OF THE SECURI

3 About 2,500 years ago, the prophet Isaiah predicted that God’s people would be divided in our time. (Read Isaiah 60:22 for more information.) Does this prophecy come true? Yes, in 1914, Jehovah’s servants were divided.

1-2. (a) What are the four types of sin that the Bible speaks of? (b) What is sin, and what can each of us do? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can we say that Jehovah’s people will become “a great multitude”? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also the footnote.)

Since 1914, Jehovah’s servants have been very aware of the dangers. (See paragraph 3.)

2026 Bɛboro 9,000,000

1914 was 5,000.

There are about 130 million people in the world, and every one of them is about 100 years old. In fact, the number of people who love and follow Jehovah worldwide is reported to be one per day in the Bible. The number of those people is about 240 million. It is true that if you look at the number of Jehovah’s servants in one resurrection, you will see that it is a lot, but there is no evidence that the Bible prophecy will be fulfilled. Thus, the “great number” will be a “great number.”

4 There is a resurrection where many people come, but you go in, the promises that are given to them are about something. We think that we do not. And, the commandment that God wants us to give us, we should not want people's doofness. Well, we follow the Bible, and we give ourselves up. If many of us are there, we should check our minds and be sacrosanct in our dealings. (1 Cor. 6:9-11)

4. Why is it amazing that Jehovah’s servants are overwhelmed?

When we performed this sacred ceremony, we became angels, and we placed ourselves in the hands of angels to guide us in faith. In that place, we entrusted ourselves to Jehovah to do his will, whether in the water or in the air, and then we became obedient.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 The guidance we receive is a gift, because Jehovah gives us guidance. Jesus made it clear that if anyone wants to be his disciple, he will give him his head. He said: “If anyone wants to follow me, let him not do what he wants to do, but let him give up his life and follow me.” (Matt. 16:24) That is, Jesus’ disciples should know that because of their faith in Jesus, they may be punished or even condemned. For example, Jesus said that his disciples would be sent “before the kings and the elders,” and that they would be judged. (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also said that rulers with great power would be punished. (John 10:16) 16:2) Jesus also said that there were

5. What did Jesus say would happen to his disciples?

OCTOBER 2026 13

They Wanted Their Eyes, But They Didn't Know What They Were Looking For

During the Second World War, people were particularly interested in Jehovah’s Witnesses. The truth is, the Witnesses made a lot of noise. One reporter said: “When the Witnesses turned their heads around, they were going crazy.”

When the war ended, see what happened in the Netherlands. A 1986 Yearbook reported: “Despite the fact that many Kingdom Messengers were imprisoned, deported, and killed by the Nazis, in the space of two years their number increased. By 1943, their number was 1,379... Because the Witnesses were sent to many places, Jehovah blessed them with great success.”

Today, because of faith, the tribes are divided.—Matt. 10:34-36.

6 As Jesus’ words came to pass, the Christians of the apostles’ time were confronted by an erupting synagogue. As Jesus went up, the Jewish scribes eventually made every effort to make the disciples lead the preaching work. They arrested the apostles and brought them before the Jewish Sanhedrin. The scribes wanted to “kill the apostles,” but a Pharisee named Gamaliel warned them: “Let these men go. You know them. If this teaching or work is from men, it is bad; but if it is from God, you cannot tolerate it. (Acts 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Gamaliel, for his part, might have thought that he was speaking to somebody else, but he was speaking the truth. When the apostles were arrested, the priests and the elders went to Jerusalem. But these faithful disciples were impressed; they went and preached the good news, and many people became disciples of Jesus. (Acts 6:7) How did this happen? God followed them, so many of the rebellions they encountered were overwhelmed by their anger.—Acts 1:8.

7 Moreover, many people feel that they are not faithful because their relatives, colleagues, and brothers and sisters are taking advantage of them, or are trying to discredit them. Why did these brothers and sisters focus so much on ‘being faithful’? (Matt. 16:24) They do so because they love Jehovah, and because they obey his promise to look after them. Therefore, Jehovah also gives them “the strength above men” to stand up to the challenges they face. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When their relatives look up to them because of their faith, they look like the heroes. He said: “If I myself, my father and my mother, do not care for me, Jehovah will care for me.” 27:10) The hardships and sufferings people experienced before they became disciples of Jesus are not a matter of fact. But after all, people are gradually coming to the truth.

6. Why did church leaders encourage early Christians to engage in evangelism?

7. In what way do Jesus’ disciples today follow the example of the elderly Christians? (See also the section entitled, “Their Hearts, Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Hearts, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their Minds, and Their

14 SEPTEMBER

8 In the same way that Jehovah and Jesus helped to establish the church, we can help by taking part in the ministry. Jehovah and Jesus follow us in the work we do, because Jesus assured us: “I am with you forever, even to the end of the age.” (Matt. 28:20) At that time, we will also be brought to the ministry by the multitude of the heavenly kingdom.—Ed. 14:6, 7.

BAAKOYƐ A EWU NWANWA

9 The prophet Micah made a prophecy that reveals a major change that will take place in our time. It is the unity of God’s people. The prophet Micah spoke of the men and women who would be helped by Jehovah to bring about unity. (Read Micah 2:12.) Now, the people in God’s church are separated into families, but they are all one. This is evidence that the prophecy of Micah is true. David’s followers knew what he meant when he said: “Behold, it is good for many brothers to be one!”—Deuteronomy 133:1.

10 There are many things that testify that we are one. For example, wherever we live, we all attend church meetings, meals, and other gatherings. The elders who work at the Bethel watchtower, and those who establish congregations around the world, as well as the food they eat and the language they speak, we are very close to each other, so that whether one is from wherever, whether his mother is in trouble, whether he is a businessman, whether he is a sick man, or what is going on in his home, we do not let anything come to our attention. And because we are a large family, wherever we go, we have brothers and sisters who are committed to providing us with everything we need, and to helping us to go on to serve Jehovah. Many of the people who go on to serve Jehovah don’t know where they come from, and the language they speak, which is one-to-one service to Jehovah.

11 The warfare that we have among ourselves is an annoyance, because there is a warfare in the world. If you go anywhere in the world, you will see warfare and warfare. If you look at a newspaper, you will see that it is all about lies, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, and falsehoods. Therefore, there is no indication that there is a warfare in the world. The Bible predicts that there will come a time when people “will be arrogant, will make covenants with others, will destroy others, will be untrustworthy, will be arrogant, will be unpaternal, will obey others, will be arrogant, will be foolish.” (2 Tim. 3:2-4) It is true that “all things are in the power of the devil,” and that his evil angels still have power over us, but they will not be able to destroy us; we will go on to rejoice in Jehovah. (1 John 5:19; Ezekiel 12:9) That too is a blessing!

12 How can we overcome the conflicts in Jehovah’s church? We can do so by doing whatever God wants us to do. The Bible teaches us to be kind to one another, to forgive one another, and to be gentle and compassionate to one another. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) Whenever we are challenged by our brothers and sisters, we will try to avoid anger, resentment, or forgiveness, and we will strive for unity in Jehovah’s church.

8. What can we do to help Jehovah’s efforts to bring people into the congregation?

9-10. What does the prophecy in Micah 2:12 mean today?

11. Why can we say that the friendship between us is a bond?

12. How can we help maintain unity in Jehovah’s church?

OCTOBER 2026 15

Jehovah’s servants love themselves, and they love their neighbors as well

(See paragraph 14)

if so, we trust Jehovah to give us the power to be an anwanwament in the church.

ANWANWADƆ

13 Jesus said that if his disciples showed love for one another, then all people would know that they were his disciples. (Read John 13:35.) There are many ways that early Christians showed love for one another, including: They helped those who were in need. (Acts 2:44, 45) They prayed for their brothers who were disliked. (Acts 12:5) They helped neighbors and relatives. (James 1:27) Moreover, even though they were in dire need, they gave their brothers a little food when they went into poverty. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) The chronicler Tertullian, who lived after the death of the apostles, wrote that the word that people used to say about the young Christians was: “Look at how they are treated and how they are made to believe in them.”

14 Just as the ancient Christians loved others, God’s people today also love others. Those of us who love Jehovah also show greater love for others by preaching the good news to them. We don’t go into the ministry out of ourselves; we are encouraged by others, and we don’t give up on ourselves. Because of our love for our brothers and sisters, if they are struggling, we give them water to drink.* Rather, we encourage ourselves and prepare ourselves so that we can continue to serve Jehovah with joy. By doing so, we put into practice the words of the apostle Paul: “Comfort those who are disobedient; encourage those who are hesitant; be kind to all people.” (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has placed us in a large family, whose members love each other and their neighbors.

15 The love of God’s servants is marvelous, because the world is filled with hypocrisy. The Apostle Paul said that in the last days, “many will be hypocritical, greedy,” and “will desire joy rather than to love God.” Even their relatives “will be greedy” for them, and will be greedy.

13. What did the elders do to show that they loved them? (John 13:35)

14. What do God’s servants do to show that they love? (See also the footnote.)

* For example, see the article on jw.org entitled, “Emergency Preparedness in 2022—‘What Does It Mean to Do the Right Thing.’”

15. Why is it so amazing how much we love each other?

16 SEPTEMBER

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus told us that people are taking advantage of them, and he said that “the wicked are the greatest in love.” (Matt. 24:10, 12) When you look at what is happening in the world today, do you see that what Paul and Jesus said is true? In all of this, Jehovah’s servants are taking advantage of them, because God has given them power to do so.

16 When we show that we love others and try to maintain peace with them, we show love. (Mark 9:50) When we show that we love our brothers and sisters by our words and deeds, we show that we are God’s servants. When we show love, we most definitely show that we trust Jehovah that he will give us the privilege of serving among his servants.

HOKWAN A WOANYA NO, NTOTO NO ASE

17 The way we live, the unity that exists between us, and the way we love each other are proof that Jehovah is in charge of us at this time. We may be disliked by others, but we love and rejoice. We are divided in faith, but we are one. Although love is strong in the world, we love God and love ourselves. This shows that we are true followers of Christ. (John 13:34) It is not by looking at what is happening that we are in charge, but by “being servants of God.”—1 Cor. 3:9.

18 The world is full of darkness, but God’s people are full of love, unity, and love for one another. That’s amazing. Jehovah’s commitment to us gives us great confidence that the things he is going to do for us in the future will in any way happen. (2 Peter 3:13) So the way we look at God’s commitment to us in our present time, let’s make sure that we do not forget it!

16. What can we do to show that we love ourselves?

17. What makes you believe that Jehovah is doing a great work in our time?

18. What should we do because of Jehovah’s great love for us?

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ What can we do to help in Jehovah’s efforts to attract people to his people?

■ How can we contribute to Jehovah’s efforts to maintain unity among his people?

■ How can we contribute to Jehovah’s efforts to foster love among his people?

DWOM 154

Nkwere Dwo

DECEMBER 21-27, 2026

DWOM 135

Jehovah’s Desire: “Be My Son, Be My Son”

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

When parents and children see people who love Jehovah’s servants, it helps them to become faithful to God.

Baanu Sõ a, Emmia

“There may be one woman who is disappointed, but there may be two who are satisfied with her.”—Proverbs 4:12.

As Jehovah’s servants, we know that it is very important to be faithful to Jehovah. We know that we are brothers and sisters. People in the world have a tendency to think that they will take us away from Jehovah. One way they do this is that they have a perception of brothers and sisters that they want us to be loyal to them. For example, some people think that their brothers and sisters don’t care if they are good or bad, but that what matters is that they are good brothers and sisters. When there are many brothers and sisters, if they need comfort or encouragement, they look to their brothers and sisters. When others are there, they feel that they need someone, so they give help. What about Jehovah and Jesus? Do they want us to be helpful?

2 Jehovah wants us to have friends who will help us in our struggles. When his Son Jesus was on earth, he had such friends. Shortly before Jesus died, he instructed his faithful apostles: “Do not take yourselves to heart in my care.” (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) However, not only is a good friend there when things are going badly, but he is also there when things are “in trouble.” (Proverbs 17:17) Proverbs 4:9-12* shows that a good friend encourages his neighbor. (See Proverbs 4:9-12.) If you have been in a relationship for a long time and something makes you feel like you are doing what God does not want you to do, you will be punished.

* Although we have used this term only to refer to ethnicity, it is often used to refer to human traits.

1. What does the world have in common with the prophets?

2. (a) Who did Jesus call his friends? (b) Based on the example in Proverbs 4:9-12, what do we learn from being friends?

18

If you and your friends are doing things in Jehovah’s name, they can help you do something that you haven’t thought you could do before. And it can help you to keep your love for each other alive.

3 What can parents and children do to help their children show loyalty to Jehovah when they find themselves in trouble? And how can parents and brothers and sisters help their children show loyalty to Jehovah? Let’s consider the story of the prophet Daniel. We can see how he showed loyalty to Jehovah when he was confronted with a difficult situation. Let’s look at how Jehovah helped Daniel when he was in trouble.

NNAMFO PA BOA YOUN MA WESOM JEHOVA

4 By the time Daniel grew up, things were turning upside down in the kingdom of Judah, because the Jews were turning their backs on Jehovah’s servants and doing what they liked. That made Jehovah angry with them. Finally, about 620 years before Jesus was born, Jehovah sent Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, to conquer Judah. (Dan. 1:2) At that time, Daniel seemed to be a child. A few months later, he was taken out of the dungeon and taken to Babylon to be taught. (Dan. 1:3-6) Wherever he was taken, the kingdom was still there, with no traces of it.

5 What did Daniel’s experiences in Babylon help him make a decision? The Bible tells us that “Daniel became strong in his heart” to obey God’s laws. (Dan. 1:8) When he was a child, someone helped him learn about God’s laws and helped him make a decision to obey God. Did his parents say something about those who helped him? Perhaps they did. The name Daniel means “God is my Savior.” Perhaps his parents gave him that name because they wanted him to be faithful to Jehovah and obey his commandments.—Deut. 6:6, 7.

6 The example of Jeremiah, the prophet, may also have inspired Daniel’s devotion to Jehovah. Why? For example, about 647 years before Jesus was born, Jehovah appointed Jeremiah to be his prophet, and he completed his work before Daniel. (Jer. 1:2) Many of those whom Jeremiah referred to were from poor families, and some were expelled from the country; it is likely that Daniel’s family was also concerned. (Jer. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) It is likely that Jeremiah and Daniel were relatives. (Jer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) As Jeremiah took time to do his work so that his adversaries would be able to trust Jehovah, Daniel may have learned something that made him take time to do his work.

7 The truth is that Daniel’s parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and a group of faithful Jehovah’s servants encouraged Daniel to be faithful to Jehovah. They probably encouraged him to suffer greatly from Jehovah’s wrath.

8 Parents today can also help their children become Jehovah’s servants. As a parent, ask yourself: ‘Will I teach my children what they will do when their fathers go to school?

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

4. When Daniel was a priest, what difficulties did he encounter?

5-6. What might have helped Daniel make the decision to obey Jehovah?

7-8. How can parents and elders help their children to be faithful to Jehovah?

OCTOBER 2026 19

Do I teach them to know what to do when their classmates tell them to do something wrong? And if they do something wrong, do I teach them to know that they should do it quickly? And do I teach them to know that in the event of a great disaster, they should turn to Jehovah?’ Parents, encourage your children to have a strong love for God and a strong faith in him. What can you do? You can talk about things that concern God. And you can encourage your children to follow the rules that are imposed on them. And when it comes to preaching, it’s your responsibility to be there for them. When your children, grandchildren, and grandparents have good examples like Jeremiah’s, their faith in Jehovah grows, and they become faithful to him.

NNAMFO PA BOA YƐN MA YEDI JEHOVA NOKWARE BERE A BIAAHYIA SƆHWƐ

9 And when Daniel and the elders of the Hebrews were brought up to the king, they met a certain man, whose name was Daniel. And when they were come to the king, the Babylonians commanded them that they should take away their language and their manner, and that they should be kept in the country, and that they should be taught according to their faith.

10 When they were confronted with a difficult situation, some might argue that it wasn’t a problem at all. The king said that Daniel and the young men who were with him should be given some of the money. The money was the money that Moses had given him. (Dan. 1:5, 8) If the young men believed this, they might have thought that they were ignorant, that they couldn’t do what they wanted, and that they would have ignored God’s laws. Or they might have thought that they didn’t want to do anything that would cause the king’s anger or displeasure. What would they have done?

11 Only five of the Hebrew officers appointed by the king were faithful to Jehovah. They were Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. These five men made themselves appear to be faithful to Jehovah. They went to the king’s palace to show that they were Jehovah’s servants, and Jehovah blessed them for what they did.—Dan. 1:6-12, 17.

12 If you’re an idiot or a fool, don’t you feel like people are telling you to do something you don’t think you should? Daniel and his companions took care of themselves, so they made good decisions. Likewise, you, who consider yourself to be faithful to Jehovah, and who are detached from the world, should support your companions. (1 John 2:15-17) All companions can help you to be faithful to Jehovah even in difficult situations, and that will bring blessing upon you. (Luke 16:10) If you are faithful to Jehovah in difficult situations, it will help you to be faithful when you have troubles in the future.

YEHYIA HAW AND SÕSÕ A, NNAMFO PA BOA YƐN MA YETUMI DI SO

13 Therefore, if there be any trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or trouble, or

9. How did Daniel and the Hebrew twins meet in Babylon?

10. What was the main point of contention between the Jewish leaders?

11. When did Daniel and his companions come to their senses? (See also the first chapter.)

12. How can parents and children help each other to grow in faith?

13. What kind of faith did Daniel and his family share?

20 SEPTEMBER

He wanted the servant to tell him what the day was. So he sent for all the princes, the warriors, and the rulers of Babylon. If the king wanted to tell them what the day was, and they would tell him, he would do so. He told them to tell him what the day was, and they would tell him. But what could he do? (Dan. 2:3, 9-11) The king told them that if they could not tell him what the day was, then he would not kill Antwi; he would kill them all. If they could, then Daniel and his companions would be bewildered, because they were talking about the Babylonians. What did Daniel and his companions do in the midst of all this?

14 Daniel went to the king and pleaded with him to allow him a short time to wait until the time was set for him to be declared. Then Daniel told his servants about what had happened. The Bible says: “They were told to pray to the God of heaven to have mercy on this matter, so that Daniel and his servants might be treated like the Babylonians who were captured.” (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah heard their prayer, and revealed the time and its interpretation to Daniel. As a result, Daniel and his servants were deeply saddened, and the king gave them the king’s servants who were confined to Babylon. —Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

15 There is a lot to learn from this. First, if you’re in trouble, you can ask for help. Second, don’t be foolish or selfish. Third, don’t be afraid to ask someone else to pray for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Moreover, the prayer you ask and what someone else gives you can help you to be amazed by Jehovah. Jehovah is “a merciful God,” so when we’re in trouble and we’re afraid of something, he will help us to overcome it. (Deut. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) If we use friends who love Jehovah, and when we’re in trouble or in trouble, they can help us overcome it. —Read Galatians 6:2.

ADAM AND EVE BEAR AND OBETUMI BEAR AND THEIR CHILDREN BEAR

16 If we go to a meeting, and it is a surprise for us, and we look up in front of everyone, Jehovah is our God.

14. What did Daniel and his companions do that caused them to feel guilty? (See also the chapter.)

15. What did Jesus learn from the story of Daniel and his companions? (Galatians 6:2)

16. When Daniel left the prison, what difficulties did he encounter?

When Daniel was faced with a great challenge, what did his friends say to him that he should do? (See paragraph 14.)

Does it matter to you that God’s people are our enemies? (See paragraph 18.)

When Daniel was about 90 years old, the Medes and Persians invaded Babylon, and King Darius conquered Babylon. Some of the people who lived in the provinces saw that Daniel was in a difficult situation, so they made him a prisoner. The king made a decree that anyone seeking the king’s favor should go to any of the king’s nobles to ask for help. Daniel did not obey the decree, but went to pray to the Lord, so he was taken to the palace. However, he had every man who could help him, so he was granted his own name. If you think so, would it make sense that he was the one?—Dan. 6:4-16.

17 In Daniel 6:19-23, we see how Jehovah’s angel took Daniel away from the king. (See.) When the king was taken out of the palace, Jehovah sent his angel to take him away from the palace. Before the king went out of the palace, Daniel said to the king: “May the angel of my God be pleased to take him away from the palace,... for I have found that I am good in his sight.” In other words, Jehovah showed that he is powerful, and that he is the greatest of all men! (Dan. 6:22) Daniel had great faith in Jehovah, so when his promised day came to an end, Jehovah also took him away from the palace.

18 For us, things can happen that cause us to feel uncomfortable in a place or with our friends. Maybe we have to go to a church service, or we need to go to a different place. Maybe we have an illness that affects us, or we are sent to prison because of our faith. In such situations, it is important to remember that because we are Jehovah’s friends, he cares about us. We are promised that wherever we go, he will take care of us and look after us. (Deut. 139:7-10) Therefore, be confident that whatever you ask, Jehovah will hear you and help you.

INFO ABOUT THEIR INCOME

19 For some of us, it is very important that we take a look at ourselves. Why? The Bible clearly tells us that some people in this time will take a look at us that is not right. It helps us to make a decision,

17. According to Daniel 6:19-23, how did the continuing friendship between Jehovah and Daniel help Daniel?

18. Why is it important to use Jehovah’s servants, and how can we do so? (See also the booklet and the article entitled “Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Man.”)

19. Why is it so important for us to love our neighbors? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 SEPTEMBER

(Read 1 Thessalonians 5:11.) The apostle Peter told us to love ourselves more intensely because “the end of all time is at hand.”—1 Pet. 4:7, 8.

20 Friendship is a gift from Jehovah, and it’s a time when we need it. So follow Daniel and make friends. Those in your ranks like Jeremiah who can help you and give you advice should make friends with you. Your friends should be those who help you walk in the way of Jehovah’s truth. If you encounter a challenge, I suggest that you ask a friend to pray for you. He said, “Jehovah is a great man; he will follow you every day.” (Heb. 13:5) Jehovah will help us to overcome any difficulty we encounter, and he will help us to make friends with whom we have a close relationship.

20. What should we look for if we want to have a good relationship, and if we do, what kind of relationship should we have?

LET’S LOOK AT AN EXAMPLE: Daniel and his brothers took their time to watch the show, and they went on to be faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Savior

What can you do if you find it hard to believe that Jehovah is a Father to whom you can rely? Make a commitment that you will do something every day that will make you proud of Jehovah.

• Have fun with Jehovah: Jehovah wants you to talk to him from your heart, so it’s a prayer.

• Let Jehovah bless you: Read the Bible regularly. It will help you understand his pleasing nature and how he treats his servants.

• Be kind to others: If you are able to be kind to someone, it’s not an issue. You can be sure that Jehovah wants you to be kind to him.

For more information, see our report, Questions Elders Ask—Answers That Help, Volume 2, p. 35.

YOU ARE THE ONE THAT BETUMI ABOA YƐN...

■ When do we meet?

■ What happens when we encounter an obstacle?

■ When did we get married?

DWOM 161

What I Do Is What God Wants Me to Do

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

JWV 162 God’s Word Is True

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

The reason why it is so important that we talk about it every day, is because it is what we want to do.

Scripture You Should Be Looking For

“They kept the word, and they searched the Scriptures diligently every day.”—Acts 17:11.

In 1905 A.D., Jehovah’s Witnesses published a magazine entitled A Guide for the World’s Leaders. The magazine was published in several languages. It contained a devotional booklet and articles from Zion’s Watch Tower. The magazine was designed to give the congregation a devotional to read every day. Jehovah’s Witnesses continued to use the magazine until 1927, when it was replaced by the Year Book. Since then, the Year Book has been supplemented with articles from the magazine.* This allowed the congregation to read more devotionals and articles from the Watch Tower that dealt with devotionals.

² In 1986, the congregation published a review of the brothers’ reflections on the Bible and its teachings, entitled The Bible to Be Seen. This review is now available in more than 300 languages and is available on the JW Library® app, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY (wol.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

3 Because of our culture, some of us have a tendency to talk too much. So let’s consider the following questions: First, what Bible examples can inspire us to talk too much? Second, how does talking too much help us? Third, what advice can help us to keep talking too much?

* In the past, when the Year Book was printed, a summary of the doctrine on which it was based was included in each issue of the Bulletin, indicating where the doctrine was to be found.

1-2. (a) What did Jehovah’s congregation do that caused the brothers to have a prayer to reflect on every day? (b) If so, where can we learn more about it?

3. What can lead us to do this every day, and what questions will be considered in this study?

24

HOW TO USE THE BIBLE

(Acts 17:10, 11) The Beroeans who were attending Paul’s sermons were known to be “incompetent” and “with all their minds attached to the word.” (Acts 17:10, 11) Paul’s teachings inspired the people to believe in what was said in the sermons, and they believed it to be true. When we were speaking at an assembly or meeting, we did something like that. When we were reading the Bible with the Beroeans, we looked after ourselves. (Acts 17:10, 11) The Bible describes the Beroeans who were attending Paul’s sermons as “incompetent” and “with all their minds attached to the word.” (Acts 17:10, 11) Paul’s teachings inspired the people to believe in what was said in the sermons, and they believed it to be true. When we were speaking at an assembly or meeting, we did something like that. When the Beroeans were reading the Bible, we looked after ourselves. (Acts 17:10, 11) This makes it clear that what his followers say is true.

5 Among the Beroeans, “many became believers.” (Acts 17:12) However, they were humbled. A Jew from Thessalonica went to Beroea and told the apostle Paul’s stories, and the nations were excited to see the Beroeans who had become Christians. (Acts 17:13) This was a great encouragement to them. Because they were searching for the truth, they were eager to know the truth. But their faith was weak. Likewise, if we search for the truth, it will help us to overcome any challenges we encounter.

WHAT SHOULD WE DO WHEN WE HAVE A PROBLEM?

6 Every day, we tell Jehovah that we love him and that we need to be faithful to him. Jehovah is our God, so it is very important that we be faithful to him.

Bible Insights That Will Help You and Others Learn About Jehovah

• The law of Moses required Jehovah’s people to offer daily sacrifices.—Ex. 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua that he would read the Book of Joshua “all day and all night.”—Joshua 1:8, reference.

• Jehovah told the people of Israel to look at the Law of Moses with great care, and to read it daily.—Deuteronomy 17:18-20.

• The writers encouraged us to read God’s laws and study them “day and night.”—Deut. 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed prayerfully every day.—Dan. 6:10.

• The book of Revelation tells us that a large crowd of people prayed for God to “make night.”—Revelation 7:15.

He loves us, and he wants us to live forever. (John 3:16) The Bible shows us that if we love Jehovah, he will be pleased with us. Many elders find that if they talk a little before they go to work, they will have more time to pray, read the Bible, and spend time with others.

7 We make every effort to show that we are making good use of our time. (Read Ephesians 5:

4. When the Apostle Paul taught the Beroeans, what did they do? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did the doctrine that the Beroeans sought every day help them?

6. Why do we need to speak more every day? (See the section entitled, “Bible Insights That Helped Jehu and Others Follow Jehovah’s Way.”)

7-8. Why do we need to speak more often every day? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

OCTOBER 2026 25

15, 16) We may want to spend a few minutes each day learning about Jehovah and seeking his guidance.

8 When we talk about the challenges we face every day, it helps us to stay focused. Jesus said that every day is “in his way.” (Matt. 6:34) His words are true; every day is full of challenges. However, wherever that saying is used, Jesus assures us that whatever we do pleases God, and that he knows all that is needed. (Matt. 6:25-32) When we talk about it every day, it helps us to turn our attention away from the challenges we face and to focus on the resources that God has provided for us. (Deut. 68:19; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7) For example, it would be an unfortunate mistake if we thought that God wanted us to do something that he wanted us to do. She prayed to Jehovah that he would forgive her. And when she looked back on that day, she remembered Psalm 86:5, which says: “O Jehovah, you are willing to forgive; your loving-kindness is full upon all who call upon you.” She said: “Then my heart was overwhelmed, and I felt that Jehovah was comforting me. What I saw gave me great strength; I knew that I should continue to do this every day.”

9 Many times, the Bible tells us that when we face adversity, we should turn to Jehovah. (Proverbs 3:5, 6) Look at what happened in Ukraine. The Russian-Ukrainian conflict was described in Isaiah 30:15, which says: “If you turn to me and turn away from me, you will be strengthened.” That encouraged the brothers in Ukraine. For example, an elder named Eduard said: “It seemed to me like a huge storm was coming upon us. That day, my wife and I took a deep breath and prayed. When we prayed the last time, we felt that we had the power to overcome the obstacles we were encountering.” A young woman named Svitlana said: “The words in Isaiah 30:15 were exactly what we needed. Throughout the whole process, we were drawn to the word of truth.”

10 Daily prayer helps us to be faithful to Jehovah. We need to be timely, and that will help us to be faithful to our friends and colleagues. We also need to be timely if we want to share the truth of the Bible with others and be faithful to Jehovah when we face difficulties. When Jehovah appointed Joshua to be the ruler of Israel, he told him to be timely and to take care of himself. He told him to read the Book of Mormon every day, and that would help him to be timely. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) Reading the Bible regularly will help us feel more focused, and our faith will grow.

11 Everyday talk helps us to make progress in Jehovah’s cause. Paul wrote to apostle Timothy that he helped him to make progress in wisdom, compassion, love, faith, and patience. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) Everyday talk helps us to understand how we can make progress in Jehovah’s cause. A person who cares about Jehovah’s cause tries to imitate his way of doing things and does everything he can to comply with his laws.—Rom. 8:5, 6.

12 If we do so every day, he will prepare us for every task that may be entrusted to us in the presence of Jehovah.

9. How did the situation affect the brothers in Ukraine?

10. Why do we need free time, and how can we maximize our free time? (Joshua 1:6-9) (See also the footnote.)

11. How does it help us in Jehovah’s sight if we talk too much every day?

12. What is the future for Jehovah-loving brothers, and what do we do to prepare ourselves for it?

26 SEPTEMBER

Reading the Bible on a daily basis will help us to be more focused (see paragraph 10).

As Jehovah’s church grows, we need brothers who love him and who will be able to do the work. We need brothers who can be counted on as preachers, missionaries, and Bethel volunteers, as well as as church planters and translators. We need young men who work hard and are determined to be counted on as church ministers, elders, and overseers. The men whom Jehovah wants to lead things in the church should be faithful men who are willing to take responsibility for us. They should also be people who are willing to put Bible principles into practice. (Deut. 1:13-15) Doing this every day will help you understand how to apply the Bible principles, and will prepare you for any role you may be given in the church.

AKWAN A YEBETUMI AFA SO AYƐ NO

13 What can you do to help? Every Bethel family worldwide, from David to Phidias, gathers for a prayer after the sermon. Before you begin the sermon, you can pray to Jehovah to help your children understand what you are reading, and how you can put it into practice. (James 1:5) The sermon you are reading is based on the principles of the sermon. As you begin the sermon, ask yourself: ‘What will this sermon help me to build on my faith? What will this reading help me to serve Jehovah?’ If I’m facing a challenge during the day, how will this talk help me overcome it?’ If you and your neighbor or friend tend to talk too much, you can use these tips to help you organize a conversation. (Rom. 1:12) Some people do this by asking a couple of questions before they talk too much, so that they can cover the whole day.

14 If you want to know more about how you can help others, look at one of the sections below. (1) The examples in the section below

13. What can you do to prevent overreaction?

14-15. What other reasons can you give for overreacting, and how will that help you avoid it?

OCTOBER 2024 27

If you do, how will it help you to stay focused? (See paragraph 18.)

(2) Look at the summary of the article. (3) Read the entire article where the summary is found. (4) For more information about the article, see the book Jehovah’s Witnesses Need to Do Research. (5) You can read an excerpt of the article in the daily edition of the newspaper. If you have your phone or tablet and you are reading the daily edition of the newspaper, you can read the link to the daily edition at the end of the article. If you choose to read the daily edition, the newspaper will be sent to you.*

15 A sister named Mackenzie says something that helps her speak every day. She says: “When it’s 5 o’clock in the morning and I’m thinking about the time I’m going to speak, it helps me to keep my breathing. When I read the story and the explanation behind the speech, I was drawn to it, and that helped me to speak.”

16 When can you do it? You can do it when it helps your neighbor.

* The link to the article in the Daily News is as follows: You can find the year and issue of the Daily News, and the page and paragraph of the article in the Daily News.

16. When can you do it too?

For example, some congregations talk about it when they’re preparing for a wedding, or when they’re sending their children to school. A good way to help them do this is to put the Bible Study Guide on their desk, where they can read it with confidence. You know everything is in God’s power, so if you need help, you can ask someone else to help you.

17 Why should you talk about your bad times? If you don’t want to talk about your bad times, you should know that it’s going to affect what you do. John, a 16-year-old boy, says, “I did what I did, and I did what I did. So if you talk about your bad times before you do anything important in the day, you’ll be more confident and it’ll be easier for you to do it.” Sierra, a 25-year-old boy, says, “If you talk about your bad times before you do anything important in the day, you’ll be more confident and it’ll be easier for you to do it.” He says: “I try to do more of it every day before I’m overwhelmed by the things I do every day.” A 21-year-old man named Rogelio says: “I put a sign on my back so that it would tell me to do more of it every day.”

17-18. Why do you need to be careful when you talk too much, and how will it help you to avoid it? (See also the footnote.)

28 SEPTEMBER

18 A routine of reading the Bible every day is the best thing you can do; it will keep you from getting caught up in anything. Isabelle, a 19-year-old elderly woman, says: “Let me tell you that if you’re caught up in something, you either put your mind on it, or you do nothing about it. If you feel like you’re caught up in it and it’s going to hurt you, do something about it instead.” Olivia, a 19-year-old elderly woman, says: “One thing that really helps is not to let the person you know talk too much about it; it can be abusive or unpleasant. If there is someone there who will tell you every time to do more of it, it's going to be a mess."

BOA MMERANTE NE MMABAA MA WƆNYƐ DAA ASƐM DA BIARA

19 Parents, if you think that you and your children do the things you say every day, you’re telling them to do them, and if they do, they’ll do them every day. If they think they can do anything because you do it every day, they’ll think that they can do it every day. For example, it’s like when you put a small piece of wood on the ground. If you put a small piece of wood on the ground every day, it can grow into a big tree. Similarly, if women do a little bit of study about Jehovah every day, they’ll grow into people who have great faith in Jehovah.—Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

19. How does it help women when parents and their children talk every day? Use a parable to teach them. —Philippians 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: “It is not the word of a man’s mouth that counts, but every word that comes from Jehovah’s mouth.” —Matt.

Watch Out If Your Dog Has a Deadly Disease

When you and Jehovah’s Witnesses study the Bible, what makes you feel confident that you understand the “one way,” that is, the only way God wants us to live? (Eph. 4:4-6) Maybe the way Jehovah’s Witnesses love you makes you want to love them. Or is it their faithfulness and loyalty that makes you want to love them? Many people resent God’s servants because God’s church loves them and makes them feel like they are doing bad things. If they feel that way, it’s right, because love and loyalty make us know who true Christians are.—John 13:35; 1 Peter 2:12.

(1 Cor. 5:1) What do you do if your Christian neighbor does something that makes you angry or wants to show you that he loves you, or if he commits a serious sin that everyone talks about? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you find yourself in a situation where your faith is being threatened by someone else, it means that the foundation on which your faith rests is being undermined. What do you do if you find yourself in such a situation?

WILL YOU TAKE YOUR FAMILY TO YOU?

Whatever you learn from the Bible, if you go out and look for evidence that it is true, it will strengthen your faith. Consider this.

On one occasion, Jesus told his disciples that they should eat his flesh and drink his blood. When he said this, many of his disciples said, “This is why we burn.”

When Jesus said this, many of them were amazed, and they followed him. —John 6:56-60, 66.

Then he asked his disciples: “Do you also want to go?” Peter said: “Lord, to whom shall we go? You have given us salvation, and we have come to know that you are the Crown that comes from God.”—John 6:67-69.

What did Jesus say that made Peter and the other apostles hesitate? Their faith was based on concrete facts, not merely on their imagination. Peter said: “We have come, and we have heard that thou art the Christ, the Son of God.” These faithful apostles knew what they were doing and why they were doing it. Jesus’ words and deeds were based on what the people believed in the Scriptures, and they believed that Jesus was the Messiah. Therefore, when some of them followed Jesus, their faith was strengthened.

What can we learn from this? What we know is much more important than how we treat others. Why? Of course, if we care about others and ourselves, we’ll feel better about ourselves. We know from the Bible that God’s name, purpose, and plan for salvation depend on what we want to do or do not want to do. Therefore, if we care about what the Bible teaches, and if we believe that Jehovah knows what is right for his people, then we’ll be more likely to love him than anyone else.

The love and affection that our brothers and sisters show us makes us happy. It feels like someone is giving us something.

30 SEPTEMBER

If we are willing to give ourselves up for the sake of others, the truth we know from the Bible will strengthen our faith. This will make us feel that we are doing it out of faith. Therefore, we should not allow ourselves to be overwhelmed by the power of a few.

If we make a plan to study the Bible on a daily basis, the truth we learn from it will help us to live up to it, and it will help us to know that God has only one purpose for us, and that is what we are doing. This means that our faith is based on a real basis, and that regardless of what others want or do, our faith will be secure.—Deuteronomy 16:8; see our article, “Follow the Right Way.”

If you are confronted with falsehoods or lies about your beliefs, it means that the basis on which your beliefs are based is false.

Mfi Ɔkwan Pa No So Da

It means that you will be able to travel quickly to the place you want to visit. We hope that you will enjoy your visit.

As you get older, things may happen that will make you feel better or worse. Someone you work with may be a different person than you think he is. Someone you work with may be a different person than you think you are. Someone you work with may be a different person than you think you are. Someone you work with may be a different person than you think you are.

We also feel like we’re part of God’s church when we’re preparing for God’s new world. In general, there are times when a Christian friend does something that makes us feel bad. Sometimes, someone who we don’t know can do something that makes us feel bad. But that doesn’t mean we should be using our time in that way. We do it in God’s church; it’s everywhere. The truth we know from the Bible is that if we are willing to do it and believe that God’s guidance comes from his people, our faith will grow, and we will be able to follow the right path.

ANNOUNCEMENT

THE LORD IS WITH YOU

October 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 11 TWI

THE SYSTEM IN THIS NEWS

1926—A Year Later 2

Adesua Word to be heard on December 7-13 6

Write about things that are important to you

Adesua Word to be heard on December 14-20 12

How to Know If Jehovah Wants You to Be His Witness, Part 1

Adesua Word to be heard on December 21-27 18

Baanu Sõ a, Emmia

Adesua Word to be heard December 28–January 3 24

Scripture You Should Be Looking For

Watch Out If Your Girlfriend Has a Death Penalty 30

We’re doing Bible teaching worldwide, and volunteer volunteers are making a contribution to our work. If you’d like to make a contribution, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical texts in this book are taken from the Scripture Kronkron—The Complete Father's Translation, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

OSUAHU

Jehovah Chooses Those Who Do the Right Thing

Every week, Emma worked three days at a hotel. When she went, she spent nine hours at work. When she was due to go to a nationwide meeting, she went to her boss to ask for her to go with her. The boss wasn’t just angry, but he told her that if she worked two days at a time, she would have a job. He also said that if she did not follow the plan, he would let her go. Emma decided to do her job so that she could go to the meeting, and she entrusted herself to Jehovah to take care of her.

After the meeting, when Emma left her letter of resignation, she went to the manager of the hotel. When the manager came back, he told Emma that he would be the manager of the hotel and would go to the hotel to do his job. After two meetings, Emma’s manager told her to leave. When Emma came back, she went to the manager of the hotel, who told her that the manager had left, and she left Emma. There, he gave Emma the job, and said he would do whatever he could. In fact, if he used to work for seven hours a day, he would now work for five hours a day. It seems that this was a great decision for him, because it gave him the confidence to devote his time and energy to Jehovah’s work. He was amazed at the way Jehovah used his hand to do what he needed to do.

Visit the jw.org website on Twitter, or scan this code in your app

JW.ORG

w26.10-TW