JANUARY 2026

ONLY INDIVIDUALS

GOD'S BELIEVES IN HIMSELF

IN 2026:

“The angels are not those who follow the spirit.”—MATT. 5:3.

THESE ARE THE QUESTIONS WE ASK:

MARCH 2–APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

EDWƐNE 97

God’s Word is True to Us

BODANE

How can we have spiritual food, spiritual comfort, and the spiritual strength or weakness that God gives us to endure?

Go Ahead and Take the “Sunset Lesson”

IN 2026:

“The angels are not those who follow the spirit’s guidance.”—MATTH. 5:3.

Jehovah knows the most important things in human life. For example, we need food, clothing, and security to survive. If we care about these things even at the very least, it can help us. If we do not care about these things, he wants us to learn spiritual wisdom. (Read Matthew 5:3.) If we want to be good to others, we need to know that wisdom and apply it to ourselves.

² What does it mean when they say “be spiritually awake”? In the Greek language, the word that means “be spiritually awake” refers to someone who asks for things. Imagine a person who serves a goddess who is awake and brings a candle to the altar and asks for things. Because he does not eat, he seems to be beautiful and his appearance looks like someone else’s. Evia Elifi says she is open-minded and open-minded but she asks for things. She asks for things to work out in her life, and she needs help. Similarly, a person who is spiritually ill but who wants to make things work out in his life needs help. He is willing to try.

1. What are some of the most important things in human life? (Matthew 5:3)

2. If they say that we are “in the spirit,” what does that mean? We are in the spirit.

2

It was necessary for the Phoenician woman to be self-conscious; she would not be able to do so if she did not believe in herself to get the help she sought.

(Schedule 5)

so that he might have access to the many spiritual things that the Lord promises to those who worship Him.

3 In this article, we will look at the example of a woman from Phoenicia who called on Jesus to help her and learn about the characteristics of those who seek spiritual guidance. We will also look at the examples of the apostles Peter and Paul and King David, who all sought spiritual guidance.

THERE WAS NO ONE, THERE WAS NO ONE, THERE WAS NO ONE, THERE WAS NO ONE, THERE WAS NO ONE, THERE WAS NO ONE, THERE WAS NO ONE, THERE WAS NO ONE, THERE WAS NO ONE, THERE WAS NO ONE, THERE WAS

4 Once, a woman from Phoenicia came to Jesus, who was “evil-minded, but hurt her mother well.” (Matt. 15:21-28) The mother asked Jesus to help her. When the woman from Phoenicia came to Jesus, she discovered that she had some very bad traits.

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

4. What did the woman from Phoenicia think Jesus was?

5 The woman of Phoenicia was very proud of herself. Why do we say that? Because she was angry at Jesus’ words. Jesus made a gesture as he walked toward the crowd of Jews. If Jesus had said that to you, what would you have done? Would you have felt like leaving her alone and going somewhere else? The woman of Phoenicia did not. She was proud of herself, and her husband was proud of her. How did she go and ask Jesus to help her? Why did she do that? This faith in Jesus inspired Jesus to do this miraculous thing. Jesus said that he would go to “Israel to save the sheep of the sheepfold,” but he sent the demon over this woman who was not from Judah.

5. What suffered the woman, and what did Jesus do for her? (See picture.)

JANUARY 2026 3

6 In order to be able to practice spiritual practice, we need to have that quality. We need to be self-confident, not overconfident, and we need to have great faith. A person who is self-confident will always ask God for help that he will never be able to get. But we need to have great faith in Christ Jesus and we need to know those whom he loves through his disciples. (Matt. 24:45-47) Jehovah and his Father will be careful not to allow those who have these qualities to practice spiritual practice. (See Jeremiah 1:5-7.) Then let’s look at how Jehovah provides us with spiritual food, spiritual wealth, and spiritual strength or weakness, and what we can learn from the examples of the apostles Peter, Paul, and King David to help us respond to these challenges.

SUKOA PITA—WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW BEFORE YOU BUY

7 Consider the example of the Apostle Peter. He was a Jewish man who was surprised to find out that Jesus was the Messiah—the one whom God had chosen to give “the fruit of eternal life” to His people. (John 6:66-68) When Jesus was raised from the dead, he gave this task to Peter, who went up to heaven and said, “Feed my sheep.” (John 21:17) Peter did that, and God himself sent him to write the two books that cover the Bible. But he needed Peter’s father’s help.

6. What do we learn from the story of Phoenicia?

7. What warnings were given to Peter, and what did he have to do himself? (Hebrews 5:14–6:1)

(2 Peter 3:15, 16) But Peter’s mother did not let him down, and he trusted that Jehovah’s angels would help him to live up to the “day of repentance” that Paul had written in his letters. —Read Hebrews 5:14-6:1. (See also 1 Peter 3:15, 16; 1 Peter 3:15, 16.)

8 Peter listened to what he was told, and it made him believe in the Lord. For example, one day while Peter was in the city of Derbe, he received an angelic revelation. One of the apostles told him that he was going to leave the place where Moses the Prophet had been praying. The angelic revelation was about anyone who was in the city. At first Peter said, “O Lord, I have looked at something that is going to fall.” Then the angel said, “Beware of things that are going to fall.” (Gen. 10:9-15) Peter did what he was saying. How do we know this? Earlier in the story of Onesicrates, a group of four men came to Peter. Cyneceus, a non-Jewish man, was with him, and he wanted to go with Peter. If he had gone, Peter would not have been there, but he would have gone to meet a non-Jewish man. The Jews thought that those who ate Jewish food were selfish. (Gen. 10:28, 29) But Peter took a new approach that the Lord had given him. (Mark. 4:18) He preached the gospel to Cyneceus and his companions, and he fell in love with them when he saw that they were following the truth, not the spirit—

8. What did Peter do about the new revelation that God had given him over an angel?

4 SECTION 4

He was successful in all things.—Gen. 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, we need to focus on the basic revelations in God’s Word. But we also need to focus on the spiritual meal that lies ahead of us—the Bible’s truth, which is what it says. We need to take our time and be willing to work hard to study God’s Word better. Why? There are two things that we can learn from the example of Peter: First, we learn things about God that increase our love and patience for him; and, second, he makes us want to share the wonders of our heavenly Kingdom with others. (Deuteronomy 11:33; Ezekiel 4:11) Another lesson we can learn from Peter’s example is that if we make changes in our understanding of God’s Word, we must immediately change our thinking and behaviour. If we do so, we will be spiritually satisfied and God will use us.

SUKOA POWLO—KUWA ZO WULA SUNSUM NU ADELAIDE KPALEA

10 In order to be pleasing to God, we must use another of his gifts, namely, to worship the spiritual possessions. What does this mean? The apostle Paul wrote that we must turn away from the “old devil” and worship the “new devil.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) He devoted time and effort to worshiping these possessions. Consider the example of the father Paul, who tried to win God’s favor when he was a child. (Gal. 1:14; Phil. 3:4, 5.) But he had such a clear understanding of God’s purpose that his spiritual behavior was not right. Because he disbelieved in the gospel of Christ and was a deceiver, he became a “devil” and had many evil qualities.—1 Timothy 1:13.

11 When Paul was a Christian, he was angry and angry. One of his columnists in the book of Acts wrote that Paul was angry with Jesus’ disciples, saying, “I would go back to my friends, the disciples of the Lord, and be with them.” (Acts 9:1) When Paul became a Christian, he must have made a great effort to put an end to this bad habit of his. (Eph. 4:22, 31) Even so, when Paul and Barnabas were angry with him for saying this, “he became very angry.” (Acts 16:11) 15:37-39) At that time, Paul didn’t do what God commanded him to do, but he was determined to do it. He “laid down his flesh”—he worked on his weaknesses—to seek favor with Jehovah.—1 Cor. 9:27.

12 Paul was inspired by his father’s encouragement, which meant that he abandoned his evil habits and adopted the new habits. (Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul was also inspired by “the courage given to him by God.” (1 Peter 4:11) However, Paul was determined and determined. When he was determined, he reflected on the great things the heavenly Father was doing for him, and he made a decision to do what was right for him.

9. What two opportunities do we have if we focus on the spiritual food we eat?

10. If we seek to worship spiritual idols, what does it mean? (Colossians 3:8-10)

11. What kind of sin did Paul have to deal with? Identify it.

12. What did Paul say that caused him to turn away from his evil habits?

JANUARY 2026 5

We need to take care of our need for spiritual food, spiritual clothing, and spiritual weakness. (Appendix 18)

He made it clear that he was going to be the one to take care of her.—Revelation 7:21-25.

13 To learn from Paul, we need to know that no matter how long we serve Jehovah, we must continue to strive to put away our old habits and worship the new ones—including the gifts God has given us. If we make a mistake—we may have been angry and done something wrong, or we may have said something wrong about someone—we must continue to strive to be a good person. In addition, we must continue to work hard to live up to the decisions we make to follow our thoughts and actions. (Prov. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) But when we do this, we must remember one important thing: While we may wear a garment that is not our own, we may have to change it in order to be obedient, but the spiritual garment that Jehovah gives us is not our own; we have to change it in order to be obedient. It is entirely up to us to follow it in order to be obedient to God’s principles.

13. How can we learn from Paul?

6 EZINZALƐ ARANE

LOOK AT DAVID—WHY JEHOVA WAS SO FRIENDLY TO HIM

14 For we need neither spiritual food nor spiritual adornment, but spiritual weakness, that we may be perfect. What is that, and how can we go into heaven and have reward there?

15 King David described the spiritual weakness that God gave him. (Read Ezekiel 27:5.) How does God protect his servants today? God protects his people from anyone and anything that could destroy their faith in him completely. He promises that any trouble they may face will not pass away. (Ezekiel 34:7; Isaiah 54:17) Satan and his followers have power, but they will not be able to do anything that will harm us forever. If they do, God will bring us back to life in the resurrection. (1 Corinthians 15:55-57; Ezekiel 38:17) 21:3, 4) However, if we are obsessed with ourselves, Jehovah will prevent us from worshipping him. (Deut. 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) And our loving Father in heaven will give us the following gifts:

14-15. How did Jehovah make His people spiritually weak? (Exodus 27:5) (See the picture in front.)

(Acts 32:1, 2) When we attend a seminary, we learn more about what we can do to please Jehovah.—Hebrews 10:24, 25.

16 When David served Jehovah, he became a sinner and suffered some of the troubles common to those who do evil. (See Proverbs 5:1, 2 above.) But when David turned his back on God’s principles, God responded to the desire that was inherent in his actions. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) And if other people’s actions made David aware of something, David spoke out to God in prayer, and God let David know that he loved him and respected him. He made David less anxious.—Ezek. 23:1-6.

17 To learn from David, we need to seek Jehovah’s guidance when we are uncertain, and we need to be confident that he will help us, not because we are uncertain, but because we are uncertain. (Gal. 6:7, 8) But when others cause us to be uncertain, we can speak our hearts out to God in prayer.

16. How did Jehovah rebuke David?

17. How can we learn from David?

We are confident that he will give us our hearts and our souls.—Philippians 4:6, 7.

MARCH 9-15, 2026

EDWƐNE 45

Me Ahonle Nu Nzuzulɛ

BODANE

What we can do when we are upset.

How You Can Help Yourself from the Beginning

“My own self is a great reward!”—ESV 7:24.

When you look at the life of the Apostle Paul, what do you think about him? Was he a courageous preacher, a dedicated evangelist, or a Bible warrior? All of these things are true. But there were times when Paul was anxious, disheartened, or self-centered. That’s what many of us are.

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. Paul expressed his feelings in his letter to the Romans, and many of us do not. He was a true Christian, but he had a battle in his heart—not because he believed that it was God’s will, but because he did not believe it, and his life was filled with sin. However, the way Paul treated him and the difficulties he faced made him feel better.

3 It was Paul’s own feeling, but it was his own feeling. In this article, we’ll look at the following questions: What was Paul doing that made him feel “very angry”? If he was, how did he use it?

* A HAPPY ONE: In this article, we focus on people who are depressed or anxious. We talk about people who are depressed and have to spend so much time in hospital to see a doctor.

1-2. How did the Apostle Paul feel at that time, and how did his writings influence us? (Exodus 7:21-24)

3. What will we consider in this chapter? (See “What Does the Bible Teach?”)

8

Joined text of Paragraph 5: "5 When Paul was converted to Christianity, he was very displeased with what he had done. Apparently, when he first became a Christian, he was very displeased with what he had done. For example, when he wrote his last letter to the Corinthians in about 55 A.D., he said: "I am pleased to be called an apostle, because I have become a overseer of the church of God." (1 Cor. 15:9) About ten years earlier, he wrote of himself in a letter to the Ephesians, saying that he was trying to convince “even the least of his fellow believers.” (Eph. 3:8) When Paul confronted Timothy in his letter, he said of himself, “I am a man of water, a man of controversy, and a man of deceit.” (1 Tim. 1:13) In fact, how would Paul feel if he went into a church and met some of those who had caused the controversy, or some of his fellow believers?” --- PARAGRAPH 6 --- Col. 1: “6 And they shut up the things that were of authority, and took them away.” He said that "he was a ruler to be subjected to" (Col. 2:7). The bishop said that "today, however, the manner in which he has been employed" shows us that he was not a ruler, but a servant.

What exactly he had to do in order to achieve his objectives. We can be confident that he followed the instructions he had given to others.

9 Despite his disappointment, Paul was constantly concerned about many things. For example, when he heard good news about the churches from his fellow believers, he became concerned. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) He was concerned about his fellow believers’ loyalty. (2 Tim. 1:4) But he hoped that Jehovah would care for him. Indeed, Paul was concerned because he had abandoned “the thoughts of his heart” and turned to God. (2 Tim. 1:3) Even when he was imprisoned at Worms, he encouraged his fellow believers to “rejoice in the Lord.” (Phil. 4:4) This statement shows that he was constantly concerned. He claimed that whenever he was confronted with something that made him feel bad, he tried to think about the things that made him feel bad immediately.

(Gal. 2:20; see Ephesians 1:7.) Therefore, he had complete confidence that God would forgive his father’s sins through the sacrifice of Jesus Christ. (Acts 7:24, 25) Although Paul had sinned in the first place and was a sinner of his own choosing, he was willing to sacrifice a “holy sacrifice” to the pleasure of God.—Heb. 9:12-14, etc.

11 As Paul urged, do we feel that we must always strive to keep our minds, our words, and our actions from the things that God wants us to do? Or do we feel that we should say, ‘I am self-sufficient?

9-10. If Paul was upset, what did it do to him? (Ephesians 1:7) (Look at the picture.)

11. How does Paul’s example encourage us?

A 20-year-old woman named Eliza* describes how she feels: “When I think about Paul’s situation, it gives me encouragement. I’m glad that I don’t feel that way. It’s another way that I have learned that Jehovah knows where people are going.” When we feel like Paul, what can we do to keep our minds happy and content?

WHEN WE ARE HAPPY, WHY SHOULD WE BE HAPPY?

12 Have a good mind that is spiritual in nature. If we have a good mind that is spiritual in nature, it will help us to focus our attention on the things of the world. If we have a good mind that is spiritual in nature, it will help us to focus our attention on the things of the world, and it will help us to have a good mind that is spiritual in nature. If we have a good mind that is spiritual in nature, it will help us to have a good mind. If we have a good mind that is spiritual in nature, we will have a good mind that is spiritual in nature. If we have a good mind that is spiritual in nature, we will have a good mind that is spiritual in nature. If we have a good mind that is spiritual in nature, we will have a good mind that is spiritual in nature. If we have a good mind that is spiritual in nature, we will have a good mind that is spiritual in nature. If we have a good mind that is spiritual in nature, we will have a good mind that is spiritual in nature. If we have a good mind that is spiritual in nature, we will have a good mind that is spiritual in nature. If we have a good mind that is spiritual in nature, we will have a good mind that is spiritual in nature. If we have a good mind that is spiritual in nature, we will have a good mind that is spiritual in nature. In the same way, we all know that if we study God’s Word regularly, participate in church service, study together what we’re going to learn in the classroom, and attend the classroom and ask for help, we’ll be more motivated. These things will encourage us and help us focus on the things that matter to us.—Proverbs 12:11, 12.

13 Consider John, who had cancer when he was 39 years old. At first, he was anxious and had crazy thoughts about himself. He said to himself, ‘Why do I—

* Follow some traditions.

12. How does it help us to become more self-reliant if we always follow the good ways we use to do spiritual things?

13-14. How do some brothers and sisters have a good time for spiritual activities?

10 EZINZALƐ ARANE

It was not the sin that Paul committed against his wife that hurt him, but he thought about the sacrifice to calm his heart.

(Schedule 9-10)

Does my son have this disease?’ At that time, he was trying to get a baby boy, who was 9 years old. What made John feel so angry? He said: “Even though I was a good person, I kept my family’s schedule for spiritual activities. He attended every lesson, we attended every meeting, and we had family service every time, even when the weather was bad.” He said: “When we come into a situation like this, it can be hard at first. But as we go through it, Jehovah gives us strength and shows us how he cares about us. May the Lord make for you what he has done for me.”

14 A self-described Eliza said: “Whenever I go to school or do something I don’t like about studying, it makes me feel that Jehovah cares about me and cares about me. He cares about me.” Nolan, a missionary in Africa, said of Diane: “When we are disheartened, we make arrangements for spiritual things. We let God know that he wants us to live for him. We try to make ourselves feel like he wants us to; we don’t care how he wants us to do it, but we help him to do it.”

15 If we are depressed for a long time, there are other things we need to do. Let us do one thing. Tell your parents about it. If someone tells you about it, God won’t let him go. You need to go and find out what is causing you to be depressed, but you don’t need to go to the hospital. Similarly, if we are depressed, we need to research the Bible and our books or talk about it with a spiritual counselor to find out how we can help ourselves.

15. If we are disheartened, what else can we do?

JANUARY 2026 11

Matthew - Acts

If you are disheartened, think about something that will make you feel better. (Paragraph 17)

the work. Give him some additional information that he can contribute.

16 But let Jehovah help you to understand what you need to do. King David knew that God is good, and he called on Jehovah to help him find out what made him “think about” himself. (Read Ezekiel 139:1-4, 23, 24.) However, you can ask Jehovah to help you find out what makes you sad and what you can do about it. And you can ask yourself the following questions: ‘Why am I sad? Is there a reason why I am sad? Does the reason why I am sad make me feel better?’

17 Think about your situation. You may think that it would be a good idea to learn about one of God’s characteristics. For example, the way the Apostle Paul thought about the sacrifice and God’s sinfulness inspired him greatly. You can do so. Ask the Jehovah’s Witnesses Study Guide, the Watch Tower Publications Index, or other Bible study materials in your language to learn about God’s mercy, his sinfulness, and his love for us. If you find something that interests you, leave a comment. Look for it wherever you can, and if you’re distressed, remember one of those words. And try to apply what you’ve learned to the situation you’re in.—Philippians 4:8.

18 Eliza, who described herself, learned something from David. She said: “My story

16. What can help you recognize something that hurts you? —Proverbs 139:1-4, 23, 24.

17. What lessons do you learn from the Bible that inspire you to think about things that inspire you? (Look at the picture.)

18. What texts do some Christians study?

12 INDIVIDUALS ONLY

But when he was deeply distressed, he closed himself up and turned to Jehovah, despite the fact that he knew why he was suffering.” (Deuteronomy 42:1-6) Diane, a self-reporter, said: “My husband and I were planning to read the book Draw Close to Jehovah. We liked that it was Jehovah himself who was talking to us. In order to focus on the things that we were struggling with, we try to think about how Jehovah wants us to be good people. This helps us get closer to him.”—Deuteronomy 64:8.

YOU ARE A WOMAN AND YOU HAVE A SON AND A DAUGHTER.

19 If we have a good plan for our spiritual life and for learning about our situation, we don’t have to be discouraged or disappointed. If we do, we won’t feel uncomfortable about ourselves. But with the help of Jehovah, we can keep our minds calm and focused, and we can be sure that we will have a more positive attitude toward life and worship.

20 Let us resolve not to forgive our sins, our troubles, or our self-centered attitudes.

MARCH 16-22, 2026

EDWƐNE 20

Evale E Ra Ne mɔɔ Sonle Bolɛ La Emane

BODANE

How the atonement gives us freedom from sin, the hope of everlasting life, and restores our relationship with God.

Why We Meet the Obstacle

“Who else can save me from this life that leads to death?”—ESV 7:24.

Imagine the following scenario: There is a fire in a house, and a man comes to the house. He is very ill, and the only thing he can do is turn to God for help, and he has no hope of being saved.

2 Each of us is in this situation. In what way? When Adam disobeyed the Lord God, he became a sinner. Then he carried his own sin and lost his father. Therefore, all of us have sinned for ourselves, and we are not able to save ourselves from the consequences of our sins. The Apostle Paul described how our sinfulness makes us feel in his letter to the Romans. (Read Deuteronomy 7:22-24.) He prayed that he would be saved from “this sin that leads to death.” Paul must have felt that the sin that they were committing was too great for him to tolerate. (Luke 6:23.) We are in such a difficult situation in God’s sight. We need someone to help us!

3 For Paul did not speak of the evil affliction that we are undergoing, but when he was asked, “Who will save me from this mortal body?” he answered,

1-2. What should we fear, and what not? (Exodus 7:22-24) (See picture.)

3. How does the atonement work?

14

Just as a man who is self-conscious goes to the end, so God, who is not responsible for the sins that we commit, must be responsible for us (Appendix 1-2)

His father replied: “Before my servant Jesus Christ, I am not God!” (Acts 7:25) Paul was excited about Jesus’ sacrifice.* That excitement could kill us because it would (1) make us sinless, (2) give us the hope of everlasting life, and (3) bring us closer to our Father. Reflecting on these excitements will increase our love for Jehovah, “the Spirit of hope.” (Acts 15:13) And it will make us more devoted to Jesus, who “looks upon us above himself.”—Colossians 1:14.

THE COMPUTER WILL NOT RUN WITHOUT YOU

4 We need the sacrifice so that God can punish us for our sins. Every sin that is committed is wrong in its speech or in its deeds. (Read Deuteronomy 7:20.) Some of these sins are very serious. For example, in the Law of Moses, anyone who would break up a marriage or kill a person would be put to death. (Lev. 20:10; Num.

* ANYONE WHO HAS BEEN KILLED: A victim is a person who has been killed for money. Jesus’ death was a redemption because he freed human beings from the power of sin and death.

4-5. Why do we all need the atonement? (Proverbs 7:20)

35:30, 31) Indeed, many sins are committed, but all evil is evil. For example, the prophet David said: “I have made my ways straight, and I have kept my footsteps from evil.” (Isaiah 39:1) It is often the words we say that lead us to sin.—Jeremiah 3:2.

5 Think about something you have said or done that has caused you to feel guilty. Did you say something that made someone feel guilty so that you would be guilty? Did you do something that made you feel guilty? This statement applies to all of us. The Bible says: “If we say, ‘There is no truth in us,’ we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.”—1 John 1:8.

6 Forgiveness allows God to forgive us for our sins. (Eph. 1:7) But this means that if we were guilty, God would not forgive us, but would turn away from us. (Isaiah 59:2) As Peleph said, God must not be able to forgive us for our sins.

7 And it was in the law of Moses, that the children of Israel had to bring the offerings of all kinds.

6-7. How does Jehovah forgive our sins? (See the picture.)

JANUARY 2026 15

(Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) Those sacrifices were in addition to the great sacrifice that Jesus made and the blood that was poured out on the cross. This sacrifice would make it possible for God to take away things from us that were guilty of sins. Paul’s letter to the Christians in Corinth shows that he was grateful for the sacrifice of Jesus. When he confronted them with the evil attitudes they had, he told them: “But you are beautiful; you are self-righteous; you are perfect in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and in the spirit of our God.”—1 Corinthians 6:9-11.

**8** As you prepare for this year’s Pentecost, take some time to think about how you feel about your sinfulness toward God. For example, if the sacrifice of Jesus made it easier for you to think about a sin that you are guilty of, and if it makes you feel guilty of it, does it make you feel guilty of it? Do you sometimes think, ‘I was guilty of sin toward God, but He wouldn’t have me guilty of it.’ If that’s how you feel, remember: God is not guilty of sin, and He gave His Father the power to do so. Jehovah does not give you or anyone else the opportunity to decide whether or not he will atone for you. The Bible says: “If we believe that [Jehovah’s] blood is in us, **—which is the blood of Jesus Christ, the Son of God—we are free from all sin.” (1 John 1:6, 7) We can apply this statement to every other Bible prophecy that we believe in. The willingness to atone for us is something that God takes away from us, and his Word says that it is “the willingness to forgive sin.”—Isaiah 86:5.

WE ARE ANYONE AND WE ARE NOT ONE AND THE SAME

**9** In the Bible, “ethane” refers to the “darkness” of the heavens, which is above the **_resting_** place where we go when we are angry with God. **(Read Ezekiel 51:5.)** This darkness that surrounds us makes us look dark and makes us feel that life is not the right thing to do as God intended it to be, and

8. As you prepare for this year’s Pentecost, what can you think about?

9. If evil deeds are forgiven, what more is evil? (Proverbs 51:5)

The sacrifices made by the wicked in the temple were replaced by the expiatory sacrifice of Jesus and his blood (Figures 6-7)

16 EZINZALƐ ARANE

This is because we are not ourselves, we are created for ourselves. It allows us to see how the world has been created without any evil. But it also helps us to know how the good and the wicked will be judged. The wicked are the descendants of Adam.

10 Consider how this situation affected the broken couple. When Adam and Eve sinned, God turned to them and spoke to them. (Gen. 2:15) They felt that a change was coming to them, but it was not a good thing. Then they found it necessary to find a way out of life’s weakness and flee to heaven to meet the Father. (Gen. 3:16) 3:7, 8) It wasn’t until this point that Adam and God’s minds turned away from God, and they began to feel uncomfortable, angry, and depressed. They had to overcome these feelings before they could die.—Gen. 3:16-19.

11 Let us not feel like a divorced couple. A divorced couple who tries to control us does not make us feel ill. No matter how hard we try to do something about the situation, we will always encounter difficulties that we will not be able to overcome. Why? Because, as the Bible says, we must “do things that are not good.” (Proverbs 8:20) This is true for everyone. For example, consider the efforts that people are making to protect the earth, prevent violence and conflict, and maintain harmony among nations. But no matter how hard they try, it’s just as bad as the water. How can the atonement save us from the sins we’ve been accustomed to committing?

12 This promise gives us the hope that “no mortal creature will ever live in eternal destruction.” (Revelation 8:21) This means that when we live in the new world, we will no longer be self-centered or self-defeating, but we will no longer be obsessed with ourselves, self-interested, self-conscious, or self-righteous. Our efforts to take possession of the earth and live in peace will no longer be in vain, but things will go smoothly when Jesus Christ, the “King of Peace,” who offered the atonement, takes power.—Revelation 9:6, 7.

13 Think about how the sacrifice helped the wicked. Imagine a resurrection in which you’re not afraid of a flood or of poor farmers who can’t afford it. However, if you have the “hope that it will come, and that it will grow, and that it will blossom,” you will have patience. (Heb. 6:18, 19) Just as the flood helps a vine to grow, so can your hope help your faith to grow and help you to overcome any adversity that the flood may bring. Indeed, you can rest assured that Jehovah will “give answer to those who seek him in the dark.” (Heb. 11:6) But the God of the Redemption will one day give you comfort and hope.

10. How did Adam and Eve’s sin result in their destruction?

11. How do we deal with the sin that overwhelms us?

12. What benefits does the sacrifice give us?

13. What else can you think about as you prepare for this year’s Pentecost?

JANUARY 2026 17

The death of Jesus made it possible for mankind to have a good relationship with God again. (Appendix 16)

THE EXPONEDIT AND HOW WE KNOW YHWH

14 Since Adam and Eve sinned, the relationship between God and mankind has been broken. The Bible says that all mankind has fallen to the Lord. (Deuteronomy 8:7, 8; Colossians 1:21) Why? Because God’s principles are unbreakable and will never break. The Bible says of God: “He is holy, and he has no iniquity in his heart.” (Heb. 1:13) Evil destroys the relationship between God and mankind. If we fall apart from God, neither of us will fall apart from him.

15 The Bible describes Jesus as “the atoning sacrifice for sins.” (1 John 2:2) How did Jesus’ expiation restore a good relationship between God and mankind? We should not think that His Father’s death satisfied Him in any way. Rather, Jesus’ death made it possible for the all-knowing God to establish a good relationship between Him and mankind. (John 3:23-26) It may be that those who refuse to accept the truth of Christ, or Christ Himself, will be disappointed. (Gen. 15:1, 6) Why? Or is the expiation that Jesus paid in the beginning not sufficient? Jehovah was absolutely confident that his Son, Jesus, would sacrifice himself for the atonement. (Isaiah 46:10) That sacrifice brought mankind back to God’s presence.

16 Given the relationship we have with God, consider how good it would be if we called him “He,” as Jesus told us to do. (Matt. 6:9) At other times, you might call him “You.” If we call him “He” or “You,” we should do so with great perseverance and patience. Why? Because we have sinned, and if we do so, we will not be able to get close to God. That is why we cannot even have a relationship with him. Above Jesus, the Lord has brought ‘to Himself all the things that are in the heavens—’

14. How does sin damage our relationship with our Father, and why?

15. How did the atonement restore a good relationship between man and God?

16. What else can you think about as your church prepares for this year’s Pentecost? (Look at the picture.)

18 EZINZALƐ ARANE

This reconciliation was made possible by [Jesus’] blood, which was poured out to atone for the sins of the world.’ (Col. 1:19, 20) That is why we have a relationship with Jehovah today, regardless of whether or not we believe in him.

EXPONEDY AND HOW TO FOLLOW YHWH’S INSTRUCTIONS

17 The vision shows us that God “took our reconciliation.” “He was with us, even when we were in sin.” (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) “Those who have the ability to attain eternal life” need to seek help because they believe that the power to overcome the sins that keep them from living eternally lies with God. (Heb. 13:48) The gospel of the Kingdom of God helps these people to learn about him and his Father and to become better friends with him. (John 17:3) If Satan’s view was not that Adam and Eve’s rebellion prevented God’s purpose from being accomplished, then he was wrong.

18 As we consider the benefits of the sacrifice, it is important to remember that it was not a sacrifice made to save us from death, but a sacrifice made to pay for Satan’s sinfulness. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) By offering his Son to die for our sins, God gave us the opportunity to be freed from sin and death, and to show that he is a God of love. But because of God’s great love, even though we are sinners, we have the opportunity to do something to satisfy Satan’s desires. (Mark 27:11) What do you need to do to receive this sacrifice? The following text answers that question.

17. How does the sacrifice show that Jehovah loves us? —Ephesians 2:4, 5.

18. When we reflect on the sacrifice, what should we remember?

WHEN THE COMPUTER IS OFF...

■ Do we have sin?

■ Do we have hope of ever being saved?

■ Are they a barrier between us and Jehovah?

EDITOR'S NOTES 19 Awulae Nɔsolɛ Aleɛ

MARCH 23-29, 2026

EDWƐNE 18

Let's See What's Happened

BODANE

The only thing we can do to know that we belong to this redemption.

What Does It Mean to Be a Godly Person?

“All love is ours.”—2 CORINTHIANS 5:14.

If you are confronted by someone who has committed a serious crime, how do you feel about that person who has lost his life? If he has lost the lives of other people, would you say that you feel sorry for what he has done to you?

2 As we learned earlier, we cannot forgive ourselves for the sins we have committed. However, Jesus’ expiatory sacrifice can (1) forgive us for our sins, (2) give us the hope of everlasting life, and (3) bring us closer to God, giving us the hope of eternal life in God’s new world. Indeed, the expiatory sacrifice shows us that Jesus was a good man—that it is this love that made mankind come to this earth. (Rom. 8:30, 31) The Apostle Paul wrote that “Christ’s love is ours.” (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) It is because of Jesus’ love that we are able to make ourselves worthy of the expiatory sacrifice of our body, which is our salvation.

3 What shall we do, that we may know that this is our sacrifice? Let us see how every man shall deal with this question. What shall we do?

1-2. What do we need to do in order to receive Jesus’ sacrificial sacrifice, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (Look at the picture.)

3. Why is it that each person’s appreciation of the sacrifice can be different?

20

If a person commits an unlawful act or commits a wrongdoing, he or she must be guilty of what he or she has done.

(Schedules 1-2)

There are a number of ways in which you can show that you are interested in the sacrifice of Jesus. So, what you do to show that you are interested in the sacrifice of Jesus depends on your relationship with Jehovah. In this article, we will look at the following three groups of people: (1) Bible scholars, (2) Christians who are actively involved in the ministry, and (3) people who are members of the church.

BAEBOLO SUKOAVOMA

4 If you and someone else are reading the Bible together, consider this: The Bible you are reading is written for people whom God wants to have a relationship with. (John 6:44; Deuteronomium 13:48) “Jehovah looks at the heart.” This means that he sees your efforts to learn about him, and he will be very pleased to see your determination to make changes to live according to his principles. (Deuteronomy 17:3; 27:11) This will make it easier for you to have a good relationship with Jehovah. (Deuteronomy 5:10, 11) Keep this in mind.

4. How Does Jehovah Respect Bible Authors?

5 If you are a Bible learner, how can you make sure that you are aware of the sacrifice? One way to do so is to follow the advice of the apostle Paul to Philippians: “Let us walk in these ways according to the goodness that we have received.” (Philip. 3:16) Another Bible advice is: “Let us walk in the ways that we have received.” Therefore, you shouldn’t let anything stop you from walking the path of life.—Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 And if he makes you react to a Bible prophecy that you’ve been studying today? Let’s try it out and see if Jehovah is helping you improve. (Proverbs 86:11) If he doesn’t, stop studying the Bible for a while. And if he makes you react to something that he wants you to do, what do you do? God doesn’t want us to do things that we don’t want to do.

5. How can Bible scholars apply the advice in Philippians 3:16?

6. If it were for the Bible readers to make a change, what would they do? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See picture.)

JANUARY 2026 21

Jehovah won’t require us to do what we don’t want to do, but he encourages us to follow his principles

(Schedule 6)

What do you want to do to please God? The sight—it’s something you shouldn’t be disappointed with. (Prov. 5:1, 2) As you prepare for this year’s Pentecost, think about what Jehovah and Jesus have done for you. Then think about how you will behave and what goals you will set for yourself to make sure that you are a part of the sacrifice that God has made for you above all else.*

(Deuteronomy 41:10, 13; 1 Corinthians 10:13) He will give you the strength you need to overcome the challenges you face. In order to do so, focus your thoughts on all the things that God has done for you, for which he paid the price of his sacrifice. As your love for God grows, you will find that “his laws are no breach.”—1 John 5:3. *

7 What about those children who are growing up in the truth? They are also Bible learners. In fact, they are the most important Bible learners for their parents. The Bible says: “Let them draw near to God, and he will draw near to them.” (Gen. 4:8; 1 Ex. 28:9) If you do things that draw you close to Jehovah, he will draw close to you.

* Using the “Bodane” section at the end of each lesson in the Bible Study Guide will help you put what you learn into practice.

7. What can children who have grown up in the truth think about?

CHILDREN OF THE WORSHIP

8 If you are a faithful Christian, you have shown your faith in the sacrifice in many ways. For example, you have made changes in your life to live according to Jehovah’s principles. You have lived according to Jesus’ commandments to preach the good news and to make others his disciples. You have given yourself to Jehovah and have been joined by him. Sometimes you have been joined by others because you have served Jehovah in truth. (2 Tim. 3:12) But because you have given yourself in truth and have passed through the trials, it is necessary that you accept Jehovah as your Lord and your Savior. —Heb. 12:2, 3.

9 But if he be a Christian who dwells with us, let him be careful that he may not be troubled in any way; for it may come to pass at some time,

*Refer to the article, “Spirituality—‘There’s No Place Like Home’” in the December 2017 Ensign or Liahona to encourage you to be spiritually awake.

8. How do Christians who are married show their faith in the atonement?

9. What are some of the reasons why married Christians should take care of themselves?

22 EZINZALƐ ARANE

Paragraph 11: Line 1: "ɛzɔ-" / "kpɔ" -> "ɛzɔanlɔ". Line 3: "ɛzoanvo-" / "lɛ" -> "ɛzoanlɔ". Line 7: "gyi-" / "ma" -> "gyima". Paragraph 12: Line 1: "ɛhu-" / "hɛ" -> "hɛhulolɛ". Line 7: "‘ɛhu-" / "hɛ" -> "hɛhulolɛ". Last line: "mɔ tɛ ɛko-" - wait, does paragraph 12 end with "mɔ tɛ ɛko-"? Let's check the bottom of paragraph 12: "(Fel. 2:13) Kɔ zo di ngyehyeleɛ mɔɔ ɛko-" Yes, it cuts off at the bottom of the page! The sentence continues on the next page! Wait, let's verify exact text: Line 8: "For the power of God is with you to do it."" Line 9: "(Phil. 2:13) Come and see what it means" Yes, that's exactly what is printed. Now let's check Question 10: "10. How can we ‘consider’ the spiritual things we have to do and become ‘self-sufficient’? (1 Timothy 4:13, 15)" De-hyphenated "before" -> "before". Now let's check Question 11-12: "11-12. If the effort you make in the true worship is short-lived, does it mean that the Spirit of God is over you? Check it out. (See picture.)" Wait, is there any hyphen in 11-12? Let's check line breaks in Question 11-12: Line 1: "11-12.

JW.ORG

Ask yourself, ‘How can I avoid being a ‘messenger’ between myself and Jehovah?’ (Section 16)

And have confidence that he will make your love for the Lord grow again as you strive to do the work.

13 Therefore, it is good to examine ourselves as 2 Corinthians 13:5 says: “Go and visit them, and see whether they are in faith; go and see them.” We can ask ourselves: ‘Are the Kingdom and the Lord in my life?’ (Matt. 6:33) ‘Are the things that I have in my possession worthless to me?’ (Isaiah 97:10) ‘Are I doing things that promote harmony and goodwill among my brothers and sisters?’ (Eph. 4:2, 3) Pentecost—a time when we reflect on the sacrifice that God has made for us—is an opportunity for us to look at ourselves and learn how we can become more faithful to Christ and more faithful to ourselves.

HOW TO GET THE BEST OUT OF YOUR BUSINESS

14 Some Christians who have been faithful to Jehovah for a decade or even a few years have dropped out of school. Why? “The mindset of ignorance” has been in their minds for centuries. (Luke 21:34) Sometimes, the words or actions of someone who is in love with them have a negative effect on their minds. (Heb. 3:2) Sometimes, they find it so wrong that they seek help. Whatever happens, if you are a member of the congregation, what can you do? What can you do because of Jehovah’s loving sacrifice?

15 Consider how Jehovah feels about those who come to the congregation. He cares about them. He looks for the young sheep, feeds them, and helps them to come to him. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Will Jehovah do that for you? Yes! Even this fearful word is a sign that you are not trusting. Since Jehovah has seen what is in your heart and has drawn you to the truth, will he not turn away from you?

16 One word of encouragement is

13. How can we go to heaven with confidence if we ‘walk in faith’?

14. What does it mean to be a Christian in the church?

15. What does Jehovah think about those who join the congregation? —Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.

16. What motivates those who join the congregation to come closer to Jehovah? (Look at the picture.)

24 EZINZALƐ ARANE

In the brochure Be Jehovah’s Witness, Sia says: “Be confident that if you do, Jehovah will help you. He will help you to get out of anxiety and self-centeredness, to have a positive attitude, and to be more determined. He will give you the strength to serve Jehovah again.” However, church leaders may be willing to help you. They may be “weak in the day of judgment, weak in the day of judgment.” (Isaiah 32:2) In order to become more confident about the atonement, ask yourself, ‘How long can I stand between me and Jehovah?’ (Isaiah 32:2). 1:18; 1 Peter 2:25) For example, can you attend a Kingdom Study? Can you tell a church leader that you want to come to Jehovah? Maybe he or she will arrange for you and someone else to study the Bible together. You can be sure that Jehovah will support your efforts to come to him and to understand the salvation.

HOW DOES IT WORK?

17 Jesus said that God gave his only Son “so that whoever believes in him may not perish but have eternal life.” (John 3:16) The sacrifice is God’s gift of victory over sin and death, and we should not underestimate this gift. (John 3:23, 24; 2 Corinthians 6:1) As we approach Pentecost, we will have the opportunity to reflect on the love that God and Jesus have shown for us, and this love will help us to appreciate what they are doing.

18 What can you do to make yourself a part of the sacrifice? It depends on how many people have come across this question. But you can rest assured that Jehovah has repeatedly taught you and his other servants to make every effort “not to remain in the ashes again, but to give way to that which raised them from the ashes.”—2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. How can we make time for good work before this year’s Pentecost?

WHY DOES ANYONE BELIEVE THAT HIS COMPUTER HAS BEEN BLOCKED?

Bible sukoavoma

Christians who are married

Those Who Come to the Church

EDWƐNE 14

Behold, the King's Speech Comes

MARCH 30–APRIL 5, 2026

EDWƐNE 76

How Does It Work?

BODANE

It will guide us in how to speak the truth and how to communicate the truth of the Bible to others in ways that will appeal to them.

Keep the Truth in Your Mind

“Jehovah, the faithful God.”—EDW. 31:5.

When we meet someone who loves Jehovah, the first question we ask ourselves is, “Did they see the truth?” Some people think that they will “come into the truth.” Others say that they will “come into the truth” in the future. Tell them this because the truth in God’s Word permeates our entire lives. Why? Because we want to be part of Jehovah’s family, we need to be determined to learn the truth and apply it to our lives. This requires us to be faithful in our attitudes and actions.—Isaiah 15:1-3.

2 Jesus always spoke the truth. Even when he was young, he spoke the truth even though his words were rejected. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus predicted how people would react to the truth when he said: “There will be a time when a son will be born to his father, and a daughter to her mother, and a wife to her husband.” (Matt. 23:37) He hoped that his message would divide people in the world into two groups—those who believed in the Bible’s truth and those who did not.—2 Thessalonians 2:9-11.

1. What do we need to do to be proud of Jehovah’s family?

2. (a) How were Jesus’ followers? (b) How did the truths Jesus taught inspire them?

26

3 We strive to speak the truth as Jesus did, even if people don’t like it. But we speak the Bible truth to people, even if they don’t like it. Does this mean that we shouldn’t think about how and when we speak? Yes! In this article, we’ll answer the following questions: Can we speak the truth? We’ll also answer the following questions: Why should we speak the truth? How often should we speak the Bible truth to others? When should we speak the truth? The aim of these seminars is to help us focus on how we can be closer to God and how we can make the most of the time we have to speak the truth of the Bible to others.

WHY SHOULD WE BE SURPRISED BY THE HAPPINESS?

4 Jehovah is truthful. Everything he says is true. For example, every word he speaks about good and evil is true. (Deuteronomy 19:9; 119:142, 151) Every word he speaks is true to us. (Deuteronomy 55:10, 11) He wants us to be righteous forever. (Noah 23:19) Indeed, God is not unjust! (Hebrews 6:18) That is why he is called “the One who speaks truth.” —Deuteronomy 31:5.

5 Regardless of what people say, it is not possible to know Jehovah, the “True One,” unless we have the proof of his presence. (Acts 1:20) When Paul addressed a group of Greek students in Athens, he said that God “knows him” and “is in every one of us.” (Read Revelation 17:27.) Indeed, Jehovah protects those who set themselves above the search for the truth.—John 6:44.

(2 Peter 1:20, 21) He knows that everything in the Bible is true, and he wants us to use it to our advantage. For example, we can look at what he says about the creation of the heavens and the earth, and how he created life on earth. (Gen. 1:1, 26) We can look at what he says about the fact that we are all sinful, and how we know so much about ourselves. (Prov. 5:12; 6:23) If it is God’s intention to prevail over Satan, “all mankind,” and do what he wants to do, we can be sure that he will do it. (John 8:44; Revelation 16:20) We can also be sure that the Bible tells us that Jesus will destroy the wicked, restore peace, make the earth a paradise, and give us the opportunity to live in it. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) Give us the opportunities that God gives us! He teaches us his truth and gives us the opportunity to teach others. —Matt. 28:19, 20.

DEMONSTRATION OF OUR INTEREST IN THE PROJECT

7 As we know, if we want to be part of God’s family, we need to speak the truth. But if we speak the truth, God will be pleased with us.

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

4. Why can we be sure that we are faithful to Jehovah?

5. What does it mean that we cannot know ‘the true truth’? Pray. (Proverbs 17:27)

6. What are some of the truths in the Bible, and why do you want to know them?

7-8. Does it matter how we speak the truth? Give an example. (Mark 3:11, 12) (Look at the pictures.)

JANUARY 2026 27

If you are concerned about the truth, why do you become self-centered? (Appendix 7-8)

(Read Mark 3:11, 12.) When Jesus was preaching in a village near Galilee, a crowd of people attacked him. Some of them were possessed by demons, and they came to him and said, “You are the Son of God.” Why did the demons say this truth about Jesus? Wasn’t their purpose to make people who were possessed by them lose faith in God? What the demons were saying was true, but they had false thoughts. Jesus knew what they were thinking and felt sorry for them, so he urged them to spread his word to others.

8 What do we learn from this story? The way we speak the truth concerns God. This shows how important it is that we have a good mind when we speak the truth, and that we should not use the language for ourselves, but for Jehovah!—Matt. 5:16; see Psalm 14:12-15.

9 In order to protect ourselves as witnesses, consider the following scenario. Imagine that a man told you a falsehood that made others angry. If the people to whom we told the falsehood knew that we were telling the truth, they wouldn’t be afraid to say more falsehoods. This would make people angry, but God wouldn’t be angry at us. (Proverbs 11:13) Why? Because it is not the falsehood that makes us angry, but the falsehood that makes us think wrong when we speak the truth.

WHEN WE ARE OUT OF THE WORLD

10 Read Colossians 4:6. The apostle Paul admonished the Christians in Colossae to keep their speech “always in order.”

9. What should we not do, and why?

10. What does it mean if we try to make our speech “like it”? (Colossians 4:6)

28 EZINZALƐ ARANE

What is it? The Greek word that is used in this context means that we should not say something that will offend the buyer, but rather something that we should look forward to.

11 When we talk to people about the truth, we need to apply Paul’s advice to us to use the truth to our advantage. The truth of the Bible is more powerful than the effects it has on our body and spirit. In new ways, it helps us to show God and others how we feel about ourselves. (Heb. 4:12) But when we use the Bible properly, it can make others angry and angry with us. How can this be known?

12 Imagine the following scenario: Let us go to a church and meet a man who is always praying and is very humble.

11-12. Why do we need to follow the truth with ease? For pleasure. (Look at the pictures.)

(Proverbs 44:14-20; 2 Corinthians 6:14-17) If we do this in the context of our family traditions, we’re not only failing to follow the truth, but we’re also failing to use God’s Word properly. (Proverbs 44:14-20; 2 Corinthians 6:14-17) If we do this in the context of our family traditions, we’re not only failing to follow the truth, but we’re also failing to use God’s Word properly. (Proverbs 44:14-20; 2 Corinthians 6:14-17) If we do this in the context of our family traditions, we’re not only failing to follow the truth, but we’re also failing to use God’s Word properly.

13 Then Paul said that he had to make his adversaries listen to what he was saying. Not that he had to speak the truth or use it to deceive people. He had to make sure that when we deceive people, we do so in a way that is pleasing to those who listen. (Deuteronomy 12:11) This openness came about. For example, when we eat dinner, we don’t have to wait for the guests to come.

13. How can we be more effective in our speeches?

How can you teach the truth in the right way?

(Schedule 11-12)

Follow Jesus’ example and decide when and what to say about the truth. (Appendix 15)

For example, at a meeting, people tend to talk quietly, but if the person they are talking to is a senior member of the group, they may not do so. Other members of the group may be distracted by the speech, and may even be angry. Paul taught us “how we ought to behave toward each other.” This meant that we should not behave in the manner of our father or in the manner of those in our neighborhood, but in the manner of the Lord.

DON'T LET ANYONE DO IT FOR YOU

(Mark 6:34) However, there was a lot they could learn from him. Jesus tried to teach them everything he taught them, and he encouraged them. He knew that it was not the right time to learn some of the truths of the Bible, but he said that they should not ignore them. (John 16:12) What does this show?

15 The example of Jesus shows us that if we believe in the truth of the Bible, we must be willing to listen to others in everything we say. How can we imitate Jesus’ example? We need to think about someone else’s situation. Consider the case of a man who decided to go with his family to Easter and Easter Eve. He believed that these celebrations were sacred and God’s will was to do so. But even if he went one or two times to Easter Eve, you and he wouldn’t be able to read the Bible. If we don’t know him, we’re not going to be able to understand him.

14. When Jesus was on earth, did he teach his disciples everything he had instructed them to do?

15. Should we be confident that everything we say in the Bible is from God? Yes. (Proverbs 25:11) (Look at the picture.)

30 EZINZALƐ ARANE

If the Bible says something about the different religious traditions that lead to worshipping other gods, and we think that it is going to change the way we speak, would that change our way of speaking? Indeed, some Bible learners are quick to apply what they have learned, while others tend to follow their own thoughts and attitudes. If we tell them what they need to know when they need it, for example, when they’re going to leave, we’ll make them feel more comfortable. —Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 There are many things that we can do to help others learn the truth about Jehovah. If we do things that help others learn the truth about God, we will help them to “go where the truth is.” Let us set a good example for them.

16. How can we encourage our Bible learners to “go up to heaven in the truth”?

(3 John 3, 4) Be sure that your behaviour reflects the various promises in God’s Word. Consider the truth carefully. If you are questioning the truth of someone else, be cautious, and use the appropriate words at the right time. And if someone is insulting you, tell the person who is insulting you to Jehovah. By doing so, you will show that you belong to Jehovah, the true God.

29: In the following picture, a man sees his witness at the Christmas tree and writes a message to him saying that he is going to the church. In the next two pictures, the man writes a message to the witness saying that he is going to the church. Which of these two is the right one?

WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THE LORD’S WORSHIP?

■ Sunday at 17:27

■ Colossians 4:6

■ Proverbs 25:11

EDWƐNE 160

“Edwɛkpa”!

THE FOUR FACTS ABOUT YHWH'S BELIEFS

January 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 1 NZEMA

OUR MAGAZINE HERE YOU ARE

What we will study on March 2-8 2

Go Ahead and Take the “Sunset Lesson”

What we will study on March 9-15 8

How You Can Help Yourself from the Beginning

What we will study on March 16-22 14

Why We Meet the Obstacle

What we will study on March 23-29 20

What Does It Mean to Be a Godly Person?

What we will study on March 30–April 5 26

Keep the Truth in Your Mind

THE DEBIE THAT WE NEED TO KNOW

How to Remember the Words in the Bible

There are many examples in the Bible that can help us learn important lessons. Imagining these examples in our minds will help us to better understand what we are trying to learn, and it will give us more time to do so. Here are some examples that can help you imagine what the Bible teaches.

• Read the Bible thoroughly. A thorough study of the Bible can help you get a better picture of what you’re reading. If you’re not familiar with the Bible as a family, you might want to encourage your family members to give the Bible more importance to each other in order to better understand each other.

Try to understand how the people in the story were thinking and feeling. For example, ask yourself: ‘Why did that person say that thing or do that thing? If I were in that situation, what would I think or feel?’

• The witch who went to hell: If you have a witch who went to hell in the Bible, it can help you to imagine her doing a good thing.

This booklet is a donation to the Worldwide Bible Study Foundation, a charitable organization that uses the Bible as a source of inspiration. If you would like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

For a more detailed description of the Scripture, see Scripture Conversation—The Truth of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website or visit one of the following sites:

JW.ORG

w26.01-NZ