JUNE 2026

HOW DOES GOD'S WORSHIP WORSHIP WITH YOU?

AUGUST 10–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

EDITOR'S NOTES 122 Let's Go, Let's Go!

THESE words will help us to remain faithful to Jehovah forever, regardless of the circumstances in which we may find ourselves.

How Do We Know the Truth When We’re In Need of It?

“Servants, where do we go? He is the word of eternal life.”—JOHANNES 6:68.

When Jesus warned his disciples in Capernaum: “If you eat the flesh and drink the blood of the Son of Man, you will have life in you.” He also told them: “Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and he will rise again at the last hour.” (John 6:53, 54) When he said this, his disciples said, “What does this mean?

2 Those who were angry with Jesus’ words were angry again. Was it because they had lost their faith? No, because when they heard this, some of them and Jesus’ disciples were very excited about what Jesus had done and said, “Truly, this is not the Messiah who is going to destroy the world.” (John 6:14) It is obvious that those disciples had little faith in Jesus. But as they grew more confident in their faith, they became more and more angry with the faithful ones.

3 And when the apostles were gathered together, and Jesus asked them if they also would go, Peter said unto him, Lord, whither shall we go? thou hast the word of eternal life: and we know that thou art the Christ.

1-2. What happened when Jesus was tortured in Capernaum? 3. What did the apostles do about Jesus’ words, and why did they do so? (See picture.)

2

Many of the disciples believed in Jesus again, but Peter and the other apostles remained silent.

(Schedule 3)

(John 6:67-69) We can be sure that Peter and the other apostles did not ignore Jesus’ instruction that they had to sacrifice themselves and their lives for Jesus’ sake. They did not hesitate to commit themselves to be faithful to Jesus. Why did they do that? Because they were convinced that Jesus was “the Messiah chosen by God.”—Luke 9:20, 35.

4 There are many things that can affect the truth we say to Jehovah. These include: changing our way of interpreting a Bible verse or changing the way we do our ministry; ignoring the reasons why God has allowed us to attend a meeting; or letting a friend do something that hurts us or someone we care about.

4. What kinds of gifts can we receive?

5 Why do we need to build our faith on a good foundation? Consider this example. We can build our faith on a seed that grows in a rich soil. This seed needs to be cultivated properly in order for the soil to grow. Similarly, our faith needs to be built on a good foundation in order to overcome the difficulties in our faith discussed in the previous chapter. If we cultivate our faith properly, it will help us to overcome difficulties by remaining faithful to Jehovah when we face them.—1 Corinthians 15:58; see Colossians 1:23.

6 What did the apostles say when they went to Jerusalem to be faithful to Jesus when many people were following him? The apostles were convinced that they had to serve God because he was the only one who could save them.

5. Why should our faith come from a good source? For example.—Colossians 1:23.

6. What did the apostles say to him when they came to be faithful to Jesus?

JUNE 2026 3

Jesus is God himself, “the source of eternal life.” And Jehovah is Jesus in everything he does. In order to think about the various challenges we may face, let’s consider four truths that will help our faith stand in spite of our difficulties. These are: (1) Jehovah created all things. (2) Jehovah commanded the Bible to be written. (3) Jehovah is with his people today. If we fully understand these truths and live according to our faith, he will help us to continue to be faithful.

Jehovah Loves You

7 Read Ezekiel 4:11. The truth is that Jehovah created all things, and that’s why we should worship him. But when we think about his overwhelming power, it gives us confidence that he will help us through all our troubles. However, Satan has brought into the world a culture that believes that God does not exist. Even some wise men say that God did not create the living things. If we fully believe that Jehovah created things and created us, we won’t let ourselves be fooled into believing that he isn’t there and that he won’t be able to help us when our faith is weak.—Hebrews 11:6.

8 If you have doubts about whether Jehovah is the Creator of all things, let them go away. Look through our books and you will find plenty of evidence that God created all things. You can find more information about God’s creation in the Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking brochures, which will help you strengthen your faith. You can also find more evidence that God created the world in the popular article, “Is There Anyone?” on jw.org. An elderly woman named Jessica, who lives in the United States, said: “There is no reason to believe that God created all things.

7. What does Ezekiel 4:11 tell us, but if we are not confident in our faith, what can it tell us?

8-9. What should you do if you find it hard to believe that Jehovah is the Lord? (Look at the picture.)

We haven't read the Was Life Created? booklet yet, but we can read it again. (Appendix 8)

Nebula: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; light source: Mercedes-Benz USA; image: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

The test says: “When I first read the Origin of Life booklet, I believed there was a wise Creator who created the world. I didn’t believe this, but when I read the evidence in the booklet, I believed it.” But the book Is There a Creator Who Cares About You?, which is read by many people, is a great help. You may have missed this book, but you can read it again.

9 In another chapter, you’ll learn about the proof of God’s existence. Your research will help you grow in faith in Jehovah’s existence and learn more about his character. (Deuteronomy 1:20) You can also use what you’ve learned to help people who think that God doesn’t exist. The point is that Jehovah has given us proof that he is our Father.

HOW MUCH GOD LOVED THE WORLD

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. The Bible is God’s word to mankind. It answers important questions about life and tells us about God’s purpose for us and what he wants us to do. Because we know that God is the author of the Bible, it is a very important book in our lives. We try to study it carefully and use it as much as we can to behave well.

11 Why do we know that the Bible was written by God? There are many things that help us to know that the Bible is written by God. For example, what the Bible says about the birth of Jesus is true. (Luke 3:1, 2) And everything it says about the creatures is true. (Deuteronomy 26:7) Satan’s attempts to corrupt the Bible have not only been successful, but they have also been translated into many languages and published in many other books. The Bible was written about 40 years ago, 1,600 years ago, but it still contains all of its contents. 7:12) Many of the prophecies contained in the Bible encourage us to put ourselves first. (Deuteronomy 23:14) How did God write the Bible?

12 What should we do if we think that the Bible was not written by God? We need to think about it and examine it. As an elder in the congregation named Jordan said: “Whatever they say against me, I don’t care about it. I think it’s true, and I’m not afraid of it. Indeed, there is a time when I don’t think about it. If it does, I try to research the books so that I can find answers to my questions and get my mind back on track.” If we continue to rely on Jehovah as we did when the Bible was written, he will strengthen our faith greatly.—1 Corinthians 3:12, 13.

YHWH WAS THE LORD OF HIS PEOPLE

13 If we forget to recognize that Jehovah’s Witnesses are not people who

10. Why is the Bible so important? —2 Timothy 3:16, 17.

11. Why Did God Really Write the Bible?

12. What should we do if we think or feel that God did not command the Bible to be written?

13. What should we do if we find out that Jehovah’s Witnesses are not the people God wants us to be today?

JUNE 2026

5

The peace and openness that exist among us today is remarkable (Appendix 16)

If God is calling us today, we need to act quickly. To help us keep our minds focused, we can ask ourselves the following questions: ‘Are others trying to apply the Bible to their lives? Do others believe that the Bible should guide them in every situation?’ (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) ‘Are others doing God’s will today?’ —Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 If we want to know who is doing God’s will today, we can ask ourselves, ‘Are others doing the ministry that Jesus said they would do in the last days?’ (Matt. 24:14) It is clear that Jehovah is appointing his Witnesses to do this ministry. We are now spreading the good news of God’s Kingdom to 240 nations. Jesus gave us the means to do this work for 100 years. Indeed, the ministry and preaching work is something we will always need to do.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

14. How does Jehovah encourage his Witnesses to live up to the prophecy in Matthew 24:14?

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:10. God’s name, Jehovah, is known to many people, and we are pleased to be called Jehovah’s Witnesses. Yes, many people in the world do not recognize God’s name as Jehovah. But we try to use our Bibles to bring God’s name wherever it can be found. If you look at the Bible that we use, The Word of God—The Evidence of the Holy Spirit, you will see that it contains more than 7,000 copies of God’s name.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. Yes, the world is filled with wars and conflicts, but Jehovah’s Witnesses are open-minded and open-minded among themselves. This is remarkable because we have visited different parts of the world, and we have experienced the misery and misery of others, but we have shown patience and open-mindedness.

15. What do Jehovah’s Witnesses think about God’s name today? —Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10.

16. Why can we say that Jehovah’s Witnesses obey the law in John 13:34, 35? (Look at the picture.)

6 EZINZALƐ ARANE

If you do, you’ll be showing the love and solidarity that exists among our fellow Christians. You’ll be showing that you love Jehovah and that you trust his Witnesses to do his will today. If you keep this in mind, it will help you to remain faithful to Jehovah even when you’re struggling.

Jehovah’s Witnesses Are Here

(2 Tim. 3:1, 13) But there may be other situations in which we may feel angry. For example, Jehovah’s Organization may make a decision that we don’t like, or we may think that a decision that we’ve made is bad or unpleasant, or it may make us feel angry at something we’ve done, or we may not know how to respond to something we’ve heard.

18 Those shadows may make us feel small, but if we truly believe that God made things, that he chose the Bible, and that Jehovah’s Witnesses are his people, we will be faithful to him forever. And as Peter said to Judas, we can say to God: “Sir, where are we going?

17-18. What difficulties can we face, but what confidence can we have?

6: A reporter and his wife were on a road trip when they noticed a Jehovah’s Witness who was doing missionary work, and they were shocked.

WHEN WE LOVE ONE ANOTHER, WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF WE DON’T LOVE ONE ANOTHER?

■ Jehovah Created Things

■ Was the Bible Written by God?

■ Jehovah Defeats His People Today

ARTICLE 123 Don’t Be Afraid of the Holy Spirit

AUGUST 17-23, 2026

Things We Do That Won’t Destroy Our Relationship with Our Elders

EDWƐNE 90

Bemaya Yimaya Yi Nwo Anwokan

BODANE

In this article, we study how to deal with the problems that affect our relationships with our neighbors.

“Let them show kindness, kindness, kindness, kindness, and grace.”—COL. 3:12.

(Isaiah 119:63) And we are willing to praise Jehovah’s self-reliant servants, who are willing to give their lives for others. (Isaiah 119:63) And we are willing to praise Jehovah’s self-reliant servants, who are willing to give their lives for others. (Isaiah 119:63) And we are willing to praise Jehovah’s self-reliant servants, who are willing to give their lives for others. (Isaiah 119:63)

2 It’s not because we want to know our neighbors, but because we want to have a close relationship with them. That’s the family that we have with Jehovah and Jesus, and that love grows in us. (John 13:35) But that’s not easy. It takes hard work. And because people who are close to each other think that all relationships are unproblematic, that doesn’t mean that our relationship with our neighbors isn’t problematic.

3 The truth is that no one can have a close relationship with someone. Why would he do so? Because some of us may have a different personality or beliefs than others. But we know that regardless of our personality, we will always have a good relationship with others. At times, we may have a feeling that we are not close enough to them. They may think that we are not close enough to them because we have a different personality or beliefs. But they may also think that we are not close enough to them because we have a small disability or illness. Therefore, in this article, we will look at how the example of Jesus can help us to have a good relationship with our neighbors.

1. How do we have good relationships?

2. What kind of relationship do we have with our neighbors?

3. What does he do to ensure that there is always a good relationship between us and our neighbors?

8

But let’s take a look at how learning about God’s character can help us to avoid conflicts with our neighbors.

SUBANE KPALEA BOA MAA BY AVINLI BY KANANLAMA DAHUU

4 In order to have a good relationship with our brothers and sisters, we need to know what their bad qualities are, and in order to have these qualities, we need to share things with them. That’s why the apostle Paul wanted to encourage his brothers and sisters to do good things. He wrote to the Thessalonians, “We have made every effort to meet them again.” (1 Thess. 2:17) Many brothers and sisters, however, find that the thing that makes their relationships with other brothers and sisters bad is not that they will be rude and abusive. Therefore, when we go to church, attend a class, or go to a meeting, it gives us the opportunity to socialize with them; but we know that if we do not do so with our neighbors, there is no guarantee that there will be any problems that could destroy our relationship.

5 If we feel uncomfortable with our neighbors, we need to develop good qualities to keep our relationships in order. (Read Colossians 3:12.) These qualities include courtesy, kindness, patience, and kindness. For example, just as an engine oil change keeps it working properly, good qualities will prevent problems from breaking up between us. Then let’s consider the things that can break up our relationships with our neighbors.

If we take a closer look at ourselves, we will learn how learning from Jesus' life, his love, compassion and compassionateness will help us to have a lasting relationship with our fellow human beings.

WHEN WAS THIS ADVENUED?

6 Why is it a problem? When two people have different opinions about something, each of them feels that his or her opinion is wrong. For example, two brothers or sisters may feel that their own opinion is wrong about how they should use their group’s resources. Do they know that this small thing could take a huge turn and destroy their relationship? If either of them feels guilty, he or she may choose to do so. If they don’t feel guilty, either of them may get angry at the other. As time goes by, their relationships can be broken because of these little words.

7 He studied Jesus’ writings. He taught his disciples to be arrogant and self-absorbed. His disciples took great pride in their high reputation among others. To help them cultivate this, Jesus taught them to be arrogant and self-absorbed. (Matt. 20:25-28) Indeed, he was anticipating what they would do and how they would be arrogant and self-absorbed. The brother who later met Jesus himself wrote the writings to do what no one else did and set an example for them,

4. What can we do to keep our relationships healthy?

5. What can we do if we feel that our relationship with a loved one is broken? For example. (Colossians 3:12)

6. If you have an obsession, how can you improve your relationship?

7. When Jesus’ disciples went into solitude, what did he do to help them?

JUNE 2026

9

Writing can help you to keep away from bad words and evil thoughts. (See Appendix 8.)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) In doing so, he showed them the things that would destroy a relationship. If they thought they were superior to someone else, they would be unable to respond to their criticisms. This would lead to a relationship regardless of what they thought about it.

8 What can you do? Writing can help you avoid saying bad things and keep your heart clean so that you don’t offend others. (Read Colossians 3:13.) If you do so, you won’t get angry when you talk to someone, and that won’t ruin your relationship. (Isaiah 4:4.) If one of you says something bad about another, it might seem like we all say the same thing and then we get angry. (Proverbs 17:17) 7:21, 22) Ask yourself, ‘Is it more important to me what I want him to say than our relationship?’ However, you can take your friend’s point of view into account. If you talk about what you’ve learned, it will help you stay in harmony.

(Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) And try not to allow anything to ruin your relationship. One thing that helps many brothers and sisters is to go to the person with whom you share your feelings and listen to what he or she has to say. (Proverbs 34:14) When you go to the person, you can say: “Let’s talk a little bit and see what he or she has to say.” Try to be responsive to what you say, so that you don’t hurt the person you’re talking to, and then let him or her know what you’re saying. "If you do something wrong, the father of the scripture will be angry with you." (Luke 17:3, 4) Instead, no.

8. How can Scripture help us if we are confused about something? (Colossians 3:13) (Look at the pictures.)

9. How can writing help us when we are in trouble? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 EZINZALƐ ARANE

The goal is not to distinguish between those who like and those who don’t, but rather to make sure that they have a good relationship with each other.—Proverbs 18:24.

WHEN WILL WE SUBMIT THE ANNOUNCEMENT?

10 Why is this a problem? It may be that we have a tendency to treat our fellow Christians with a different attitude toward ourselves. Some of us have attitudes that make us angry. Some of us tend to be uncomfortable with people because we feel uncomfortable with them at times. Some of us tend to be uncomfortable in places where people talk about how they feel, and some of us tend to be uncomfortable in places where people talk about how they feel. Some of us tend to be uncomfortable with people, and some of us tend to be uncomfortable with people.

11 Imitate Jesus’ compassion. Jesus showed compassion for people with different personalities. For example, the apostles James and John told Jesus that he would give them a special place in his Kingdom. (Mark 10:35-37) However, Jesus left his darkness and privilege of being in heaven and came to earth. (Philippians 2:5-8) The apostles’ personalities were different from his own. But Jesus showed compassion for people with different personalities.

12 Jesus would have liked his friends to do the same things, and he didn’t want many of his disciples to think the same as James and John. (Mark 9:34) Jesus didn’t say anything to them because they saw his face in the best of places, and he was concerned about their appearance and manners. However, Jesus had compassion for them because he knew that they would soon be overcome by their inadequate temperament and laziness.—Mark 10:42-45.

13 What can you do? If some of your brothers and sisters have behaviors that make you feel uncomfortable, you should begin to show them respect. (Proverbs 14:29) We all have different behaviors that are not wrong, but we should be different. That is, if someone speaks against us, it makes us feel uncomfortable. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) So if you see a brother or sister who has behaviors that are not wrong but that make you feel uncomfortable, you should show him or her your respect. For example, look at how he or she makes someone who has a bad taste in speaking feel uncomfortable with others. It’s not that we can’t have a good relationship with everyone, but it’s important to know that Christians who have a good attitude toward others can be helpful to us.

14 If we have compassion, it will help us to focus our attention on the bad qualities of our neighbors. If we do so, we will not think about why our neighbors have different qualities and we will not be able to cope with them. For example, James and John had a dispute and prayed to Jesus to give them a greater understanding of the Kingdom. But what they did showed that the Kingdom was important to them. Jesus saw this and was affected by their faith. If we do not use our compassion, we will not be able to help our neighbors. 15 If we do not have compassion, we will not be able to help our neighbors. If we do not have compassion, we will not be able to help our neighbors. If we do not have compassion, we will not be able to help our neighbors. If we do not have compassion, we will not be able to help our neighbors. If we do not have compassion, we will not be able to help our neighbors. If we do not have compassion, we will not be able to help our neighbors. If we do not have compassion, we will not be able to help our neighbors. If we do not have compassion, we will not be able to help our neighbors. If we do not have compassion, we will not be able to help our neighbors.

10. What examples can we draw from our relationships with others?

11. How did Jesus show compassion for people with different personalities?

12. What did Jesus say that caused him to have compassion for his friends?

13. If we do not love our neighbors, how will he love us? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. If we are affectionate, what will it do to our minds?

JUNE 2026 11

Good relationships are a source of confidence and encouragement (see Appendix 19).

When we focus on the bad qualities of our friends, we are focusing on Jesus and his love for God.

15 Most importantly, if your personality differs from that of someone else, you can ask Jehovah to help you get out of that relationship. Try to think about the situations that might break up your relationship with that person, and discuss them with him so that you don’t get caught up in them. Remember that Jehovah, who made us, has created each of us with his own personality. If you are honest, trust Jehovah to help you get out of that relationship. If you find that despite your love for someone else, you still feel guilty, ask Jehovah to send his holy spirit to help you feel guilty.—Luke 11:13; Galatians 5:22, 23.

WHEN WE ARE IN THE MEDIA

16 Why is it a problem? When our brothers and sisters are in trouble, we tend to ignore our inner qualities. For example, they may not be close to us, say things that make us angry, or do things that make us uncomfortable. They may be rude or do things that make us feel bad. (Proverbs 6:2, 3) Because we have the same problems as our brothers and sisters, we tend to expect them to do everything we want them to do when we don’t want them to do it.

15. If our personality differs from that of others, how can it help us to avoid conflicts with them?

16. If one of our brothers or sisters gets some news, what should he or she know?

17 Now the story of Jesus and of his crucifixion is known to the ignorant, even to those who were afraid of him. Or let us take the story of a man named Bartholomew, who, when he saw Jesus, gave himself up to be crucified. Some of the people who were with him told him that he was a man of faith, but because he believed that Jesus was the Christ, he gave himself up to be crucified. He might have done this to provoke some of those who loved him. But "Jesus was killed by the demons." This statement was widely criticized.

17. What can we learn from Jesus’ relationship with Bartholomew?

12 EZINZALƐ ARANE

(Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) He appeared beautifully to Bartimaeus, and when he was amazed at his faith, he showed him something else.

18 What can you do? Be careful not to be ruthless and ruthless, because these qualities will make it harder for you to comfort your knowledgeable brothers and sisters. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) A good companion is one who is willing to help at all times, even in “the time of distress.” (Mark 17:17) A good companion is one who cares about those who are in distress, who speaks comforting words and does everything he can to help them overcome them.

19 What can you do to prevent your child from becoming aggressive and self-centered? You won’t be able to ignore his or her desires, but you can try to be kind to him or her. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Peter 3:8) If he or she talks to you about his or her problems, be kind to him or her. If possible, try to find words of comfort for him or her. (Mark 12:25) Make sure you don’t think about saying anything that hurts him or her when he or she does it. (Mark 18:13) Also, try to be kind to him or her and encourage him or her to do whatever he or she wants. —Eph. 4:32.

20 We all care about the relationships we have in Jehovah’s organization, but as we grow older and as many of us go through unpleasant situations, it becomes easier for us to develop bad habits. Therefore, if we have relationships that are uplifting, compassionate, and compassionate, we’ll feel better. Let’s try to have relationships that are uplifting, compassionate, and compassionate. 21 Let’s try to have relationships that are uplifting, compassionate, and compassionate, and we’ll feel better. Let’s try to have relationships that are uplifting, compassionate, compassionate, and compassionate, and we’ll feel better.

20. What kind of relationship do you have?

18. What is the purpose of the heavenly kingdom over the unknowable world? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. What can we do to prevent ourselves from falling into despair and anger? (See the pictures.)

Chapter 10: An elder and an elderly man have a disagreement about how to organize the church space. This breaks the relationship between them and they lose interest in going to church.

WHY DO WE NEED MEDIA ADVENTURE?

■ When do we have our minds open?

■ Should We Have Different Abilities?

■ If our members want to know

CHAPTER 124 The Truth Is Here

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

ARTICLE 65 Go Ahead!

BODANE We learned about the effectiveness of community group organizations.

How the Promise of God’s Mercy Works

“I have opened my heart with all my heart to the Lord in the name of the Lord.”—EDW. 111:1.

(Deuteronomy 148:1, 2, 12, 13) But on that day, it was a small congregation with only a few elders that was given the privilege of attending the meetings. The group of elders gave us the authority to do the work that would enable us to spread the good news of the Kingdom to “all the earth.”—Matt. 24:14.

2 How does the group work? A sister named Wendy* said: “This message has been a great help to me in my ministry. I have learned new ways of witnessing and supporting others, and it has helped me to focus on my spiritual goals, become more self-confident, and have better relationships with others.” A sister named Rich said: “It’s a great opportunity to be a group minister. Some people don’t want to get married, but a group leader has a lot of opportunities to keep someone spiritually active for years to come.” Mrs. Dinah said: “I enjoy being in a church group. I feel like I have friends in my group.”

3 In this article, we will look at the role of a group leader and his or her followers, and how they can help the members of their group.

* Follow some traditions.

1-2. How do many journalists feel about meeting group arrangements?

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

14

Secondly, we must consider how our loyalty to our family and to our group can be maintained; and, secondly, we must consider how this kind of self-indulgence can be achieved.

EXPLANATION OF THE NECESSITY OF EXAMPLES

4 The expositor is a member of the congregation who is appointed by the elders to help a group of elders to be spiritually happy. How does he do this? First, he is the leader of the group. (Deuteronomy 27:23) Because he cares about the elders, he takes care of them. He encourages them, comforts them, and gives them the help they need. (Deuteronomy 12:25; Isaiah 32:2; Ezekiel 2:15-17) Second, he helps the elders to go to church. He encourages them to take part in the church service with joy and devotion. And he sends the elders to the meetings so that they can help him in his ministry. If he does not go to the meetings, he arranges for the elder or other elder to go with him. In addition, he encourages the brothers who have joined him to do more work for the church. (1 Tim. 3:1) He encourages the brothers in his heart, exhorting and encouraging them to become members of the church – elders and elders.

* If necessary, they can send a member of the congregation to a group of elders and ask them to have a member of the congregation who is the elder of the group. A member of the congregation who is the elder of a congregation is called a group servant, because he is not the elder of the congregation. He invites the elders to join the group, and they give him their approval.

4. (a) What is the title of a group leader? (b) How does a group leader lead his or her group members? (See “The Role of a Group Leader.”)

The Moment When They Found The Printer

• During the meeting, make sure you have a small table so that the participants can get to know each other quickly.

• If necessary, you and many of your group members go to church, even those who are unlikely to go to church regularly. You can go with these members to a different time or place.

• Invite all members of the group and encourage them. This can be done in the community center, Kingdom Hall, or any other nearby venue. You can also use a fundraising campaign to do so.

• Encourage male brothers to do everything they can to participate in various activities in the community.

• If the whole church is going to be in the same meeting room, the group leader should go to one of the meeting rooms and give it to the members of that group.

Importantly, these managers will want to select managers who can do this job well.

5 A group leader faces difficulties. Let us take the example of Jörg, a group leader in Germany, who has many members in the congregation and other church leaders. He says: "How can I help them to be more active in the church?"

5. What problems does a group leader face?

JUNE 2026 15

And I’ve learned to take responsibility for the different tasks I do in the congregation, so I’m more excited about the goals I set for myself and everyone in my group.” Abel, a 70-year-old elder in Uganda, said: “There are many elders and ministers in our congregation. They’re excited about the people in the congregation. That’s why I’m more excited about how I’m serving each member of my group.” And Obed, from Suriname, said: “I’m more excited about serving others. But dedication takes time and energy, and it depends on the opportunities you have. And because dedication is natural, I am willing to help others.” What can help church leaders who are struggling with this and other problems?

A congregational leader may be able to assist a congregational servant in his or her group, for example, by helping him or her prepare for a meeting. (See Appendix 7.)

6 If possible, it should be a smaller number of members of the group so that the group leader can encourage the best of them and encourage them to become spiritually sound. And if the leaders in the church are overwhelmed? They should not be overwhelmed by the members of the group whose group leader is not overwhelmed by all of his work. The elders in the church may allow a group of congregational servants to be overwhelmed by the group leader. If they are overwhelmed, it will cause the leaders of the group to be overwhelmed by helping their brothers and sisters get closer to God, which is not the most important part of their work.

7 If you are a group leader in a church that

6. Why is the group above the men to help the group leader?

7. If the leaders are superior, how can the elders of each group be members of that group? —1 Peter 5:2. (Look at the picture.)

(Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Give the minister some responsibilities. For example, ask him if he wants to attend the congregational meetings. He should also consider how he can help the congregational meetings bring him closer to God. Your minister should also encourage the congregational meetings. When they come, you and the minister discuss the meetings they are going to attend, and if they do, tell them what he has done and what he needs to do. (2 Tim. 2:2) And you can ask other members of your group to help you take care of the elders in your group. For example, volunteers and dedicated elders can take new elders to meetings, and dedicated elders can help elders in need to learn how to attend meetings, how to prepare for meetings, and how to prepare for meetings.

16 EZINZALƐ ARANE

Then let us consider what we can do to help our congregation grow.

HOW TO GET TO THE CENTER OF THE WORLD

8 Go to church regularly. When we go to church with other people, we are encouraged. (Read Revelation 1:12.) But when we go to church with our group, we are more confident and have more confidence in our ability to testify to many people. If your employer doesn’t allow you to go to church with your group, you can ask your boss if he can make a change in the time you go to work. Someone may be willing to allow you to go to church at a new time at work. (Neh. 2:4-6) If you’re determined to go to the meeting, or if a group leader wants you to go, talk to the group leader. He or she can arrange for you to go to the meeting via videoconferencing and have a group member show you some of the materials. Does a determined parent make you go to the meeting? If so, arrange for you and a group member to go to the meeting every day. (Acts 12:11; Col. 4:5) If you do this, he will encourage you to join the group. Therefore, we pray to Jehovah that “he may give you the will and the strength to do it.”—Philippians 2:13.

8. What can we do to get out of this group? (Exodus 1:12)

9 It’s nice to have friends. If we “always be friends,” we’ll make sure that our church group is filled with joy and love. (Read Revelation 12:13.) For example, we can make sure that the group attends church services in our neighborhood. In one congregation, when a new member of the congregation gives a sermon, a group of people takes the lead. If one group is overpowered by the lead, the group gets a meal and encouragement if the leader fails to take the lead. A volunteer named Sarah said: “When I talk to someone who is a fool, my heart becomes small, but when I talk to someone who is a good person, my heart becomes big. I don’t think about how I can make that person feel good, but about the great meal that I’m going to eat.” (Neh. 8:10; Deu. 20:35) When we try to have loving people in our group and in our family, we get closer to Jehovah and to ourselves. —Neh.

10 If you’re a volunteer, you might want to talk to a member of your group who is willing to help you. (Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) A sister named Heather, who lives in the United States, said: “I used to hire a volunteer to help me learn how to be a good leader. I learned how to be a good leader when I was 12 years old, and I learned how to be a good leader when I was 17 years old.”

9. What can we do to keep joy and love in our church group? (Exodus 12:13)

10. What should we do if we want to be successful in our annual ministry? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (Look at the picture.)

JUNE 2026 17

As we look at the people in the church group, it helps us to know ourselves better and encourages us to go to church.

(Schedule 10)

He was a great friend, and he used to come to church with me. He even asked me to join him in a Bible study. I wanted him to help me so that I could focus on my work.” However, you can talk to your group leader about things that make you anxious, and he or she can help you with them. He or she can tell you that there are many ways we can help the church group grow.

FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF THE SECURITY COMMITTEE

11 He brings us closer to God. A group ministry program can help each of us get closer to God. For example, a group minister or a group leader encourages those who seek God’s pleasure at the right time. Some of these people are hard-working, hard-wired, and hard-wired. (1 Thess. 2:8; Heb. 1:27) They also teach us how to do the ministry and preaching of the gospel of the Kingdom in different ways. They also help men who are engaged and set good examples in the congregation to do more work in the congregation.—1 Tim. 3:10.

11-12. How can meeting groups help you get closer to Jehovah? Give an example.

12 Wendy, a member of the congregation, said: “Because my dad was very interested in the truth, he didn’t always take my mother’s group to the meetings in Foley and Moley. But he would allow me to go. An elder Volunteer invited me to go, and that gave me the confidence that helps me in the meetings and in the congregation. But my sister and my group leader gave me a lot of Bible advice, and I’m happy today.”

13 Having good relationships with others helps us to be more compassionate. Because we and our fellow believers spend time together after church, it helps us to be more compassionate with each other. (Phil. 1:27) But because we care about our fellow believers, we don’t have to be compassionate with those who are rude or unkind. (2 Cor. 6:13) We can build these relationships to support us in times of trouble, such as when we are depressed, discouraged, or angry with a fellow believer. (1 Thess. 5:14) And one day we will have to deal with even greater difficulties in our relationships with others. (Matt. 24:21) Some of the difficulties will be over, but

13. How does the church group help us to develop relationships that are valuable to others? (Look at the picture.)

18 EZINZALƐ ARANE

If we are able to stand up to those who hate us and abuse us, it helps us to overcome our fears.—Mark 17:17.

14 This is especially true when anxiety or anxiety arises. If there is an illness, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, an What a wonderful way the church group has been able to help us out!

14. How does our congregational group respond to a momentary concern or issue?

15 As we know, the prophecy of the Kingdom of God is a great one. The prophets are often in the heavenly heavens, but those who are in the earthly heavens are in the earthly heavens, and they are not afraid at all. (Zechariah 8:23; Ezekiel 5:11) All Jehovah’s servants in heaven and on earth are committed to spreading the good news of God’s Kingdom. (Ezekiel 5:11) 14:6, 7) But we do everything we can to participate in the group teaching program, which helps us to devote ourselves to Jehovah.—Ezekiel 111:1.

15. What is the cause of all those who do the commandments of the LORD?

The story begins with two girls from a church group going to church.

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

■ What do the group leader and the group assistant do for the members of their congregation?

■ What can we do to help ourselves get out of the congregation?

■ How do meeting group arrangements work?

EDWƐNE 61

Witnesses, Go to New York!

AUGUST 31–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

EDWƐNE 89

Tie, Di Zo, Na Nyia Nyilalɛ

BODANE

We learn why we should attend classes and conferences to better understand what they are talking about and how we can do so.

See How the Word Works

“See how correctly they take the word.”—LUK 8:18.

YES, Jehovah gives us many spiritual meals, and we can think of David, who said: “Jehovah is my disciple, and I am his servant.” —Read Ezekiel 23:1, 2, 5.

2 Our church meetings are the only way that God wants us to be spiritually awake today. When we go to meetings, it is important that we focus on what we’re learning. Even if we’re ‘deep in the truth,’ we need to do these things. (2 Peter 1:12) But if what we’re studying is something that is used a lot of time, does it make you think about it? This statement will help you. It will help you understand why we need to go to meetings and understand what they’re teaching. First, we will look at what we need to do in the church to make sure that people are interested in the message. Then, we will look at some of the things that will help us to make the message better. But let’s look at who is interested in the message.

HOW TO KNOW THAT JEHOVA IS OUR LORD

(2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus did the same. When he spoke to people, he always drew their attention to where God’s Word was coming from, when it was coming, and he said to them: “There is no such thing as the Word of God, and there is no such thing as the Word of God.”

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah pray for his people today? (Deuteronomy 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this chapter?

3. How does Jehovah pray for us, and how do his servants use his Word?

20

(John 7:15) When people who wanted to learn more about God saw that Jesus used God’s Word in his teaching, they were amazed. Similarly, Christian scholars, such as the apostles Paul and Apostles, used the Scriptures when discussing a topic with others. (Gal. 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah’s Witnesses, we strive to use the Bible in our books, JW broadcasts, speeches, and videos. (Luke 24:32) Therefore, when a large number of people attend a study, they are interested in how Jehovah’s people use the Bible. (Luke 24:33) They are also interested in how Jehovah’s people use the Bible. (Luke 24:34) When a large number of people attend a study, they are interested in how Jehovah’s people use the Bible. (Luke 24:35) When a large number of people attend a study, they are interested in how Jehovah’s people use the Bible. (Luke 24:36)

4 In many cases, the use of the words “do” and “do not” in the Bible can make someone feel guilty. For example, if Jehovah uses his Word to speak to us about our beliefs and we do what he wants us to do, he doesn’t want us to feel guilty. If we do what he says, he will feel guilty.—Proverbs 27:11.

WHY DO WE NEED TO USE THE WORDS IN OUR WORDS?

5 We must love Jehovah. (Matt. 22:37) When we give up many things to Jehovah, our love for him grows.

The Reflection He Gives Us When He Speaks to Us

When some Jehovah’s Witnesses were asked, “Why do you think it helps you get a good note in school,” some of the answers they gave were:

• A Swedish interviewer in 1986 stated, "You're going to have to put your head on the wall so that you can concentrate on the host and the different videos they're going to show."

• David, who married in 1983, said: “I prayed many times to Jehovah to help me concentrate on the subject, but I felt that the study, the focus, and the help I was getting were diminishing my faith.”

• Nicolas, who married her in 1982, said, "Father, your goal is to be whatever you want to be in your career. And then, for example, a bad word or phrase that you've used in your career will be gone."

• Augustine, who died in 1988, said, “I always wonder if if someone in the future decides to re-learn something we have learned, it would be better if we encountered it at that time.”

And that love makes us willing to obey him, do what he says, and serve him in the way he wants us to do. —Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 He does not want us to seek out people. (Matt. 22:39) If we go to school, Jehovah will encourage us to do so.

4. What do the words “be” and “become” mean?

5. If we trust Jehovah, what will he make us do? —John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6. What do we learn from these lessons?

JUNE 2026 21

How do we communicate with our neighbors in the church? For example, the brochure Being a Friend—Making Friends helps us to learn about the behaviors we tend to ignore in the church. Does it make you feel uncomfortable with others? If not, consider how your neighbors exemplify this in their interdenominational and interreligious conversations.

(Deut. 32:44-47) If we study the Bible and understand it properly, it will give us the encouragement we need to prepare ourselves for the advent of a new world. (Deut. 8:25) We need to seek Jehovah today because we are living in the end of time, and we need to keep ourselves spiritually alive.—Matt. 24:42-44; Ec. 1:3.

WHAT WE HAVE TO DO TO GET OUT OF THIS

8 For the brothers who are faithful to their fathers, it is necessary that those who give them to speak should not be anxious about their speaking. For if they speak well from the Bible, they can draw people to the truth and encourage the younger brothers to remain in the truth. Therefore, those who are busy studying should not underestimate how their work can help others. So when you have a speech, you should consider how to put into practice the things we will discuss in this article. These things will help those who give them to speak.

7. Why should we go to Jehovah?

8. Why should brothers and sisters who are loyal to their fathers and mothers not be anxious?

Although it is more important than speech, we can’t use every speech that we have.—2 Tim. 4:2; 1 Tim. 1:9.

9 Keep your speech simple. If you don’t want your audience to get caught up in your presentation, you’re going to have a hard time. If your presentation is cluttered, your audience is going to be distracted. How do you plan your presentation properly? Here are some tips: (1) Make a list of topics at the beginning of your presentation. (2) Keep track of the topics. If you don’t remember any of the topics, take a step back and make another list of topics that you want to teach. (3) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (4) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (5) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (6) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (7) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (8) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (9) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (10) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (11) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (12) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (13) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (14) If you don’t remember any of the topics, make sure you keep track of them. (15) If you don’t remember them,

10 Focus on the message. If you focus on a message, you’ll have a greater desire to share it with others. (Deut. 2:4, 5; Deu. 4:20) And if you reflect on your work and the books you read, you’ll be more motivated. A 70-year-old man in the United States described a sermon he gave when he was a teenager: “I can’t imagine how much the speaker encouraged us to think carefully about God’s Word. He spoke with great confidence and showed us how to do it. That talk transformed my life and expressed my faith in the Bible and my relationship with Jehovah.”

11 A Thought to Inspire the People

9. Why should I arrange my speech properly?

10. Why should you be interested in the message?

11. Why is it good to have a deep understanding of what your adversaries might use? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 EZINZALƐ ARANE

To do this, use the Bible to encourage your followers and tell them about the great things that they could do. For example, the apostle Paul explained to Timothy the great things that would help him get closer to God during his ministry in Ephesus. (See 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) He thought about what he would teach his followers and how they would use what he taught them.

12 When you speak, let your voice be loud, so that you may be heard in the crowd. Every word you say will be heard by others, and you will be heard by them. However, you must be loud in your heart, so that your audience may hear you and be impressed by your words. The Bible says, “Be loud in your heart, that your audience may know how you feel about yourself and about your words.” If you are loud in your heart, your audience will not be impressed by your words, and they will be more inclined to listen to you and act accordingly.

13 A dedicated counselor can help you. For example, if you’re having a hard time making a speech, you can take a selection of words you want to use in your speech to a dedicated counselor so that he or she can take note of your thoughts and reflect on your speech. You can also have a dedicated counselor take a look at your speech so that he or she can point you in the right direction. (Rom. 1:5) If you’re not sure where you need to go, a counselor can help you find the right direction. We seek the support of priests and priestesses in order to bring people closer to the truth contained in the Word of God.*

* For more information on the author and the authors, see the brochure My Father's House, My Father's Home and My Father's Prayer and the book My Father's Church, My Father's Prayer.

12. Why is it good to be mindful when you are preparing for a speech?

13. Why do the faithful in the church need to encourage the hardworking? (Look at the picture.)

Does a committed counselor help you feel confident?

(Schedule 13)

23

Look at God’s plans, and you’ll have a clearer picture of what’s going on in your mind.

(Schedule 17)

HOW TO GET THE BEST OUT OF YOUR TIME IN THE SCHOOL

(2 Tim. 3:1) If we go to school and try to repeat what we have learned many times, we need to have the same understanding of God’s plans as the soldier in Edwin 119. If we do so, he will help us. —Read Edwin 119:24, 111, 167.

15 We need to eat spiritual food. The Israelites were supposed to eat the food that Jehovah gave them when they were in the wilderness forever. (Ex. 16:15, 31) At first, the Israelites would have relied on the food, because Jehovah was willing to save them. But over time, the food took away some of it. (Num. 21:5) What can we learn from this? We should not take the spiritual food that is given us today with a lack of respect or with a lack of patience. Instead, we should go and eat spiritual food in the presence of Jehovah. We need to remember that someone’s words have been carefully considered and chosen for us to study, but we also need to remember that the wisdom in the words we use can lead to life.—Mark 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

16 We can learn from other people’s examples of how the teachings of Jehovah’s Witnesses help them to better understand what they are studying. Ashley, who has been a Jehovah’s Witness for 30 years, said: “When I don’t prepare for what we are going to study, I learn better. But when I don’t, I feel disappointed and frustrated.” József, who has been a Jehovah’s Witness for 52 years, said: “I took the time to prepare for what I was going to learn.”

14. Why should we have the qualities of the warrior Edwin? (Edwin 119:24, 111, 167)

15. What do we need to do to keep up with what we learn in our study?

16. What helps some brothers and sisters who are serving Jehovah speak well in their study? (See “The Lesson Our Father Taught Us to Speak Well.”)

24 EZINZALƐ ARANE

I don’t want to do that again because I want to be the one who teaches in a different way and I want to understand the message better.” She adds: “If the teacher does a good job, I focus on what he says in the Bible, not how he says it.”

17 If you’re going to work on one or more of the topics in the lesson, it will help you write well. (1) Eat a lot of food and go to the lesson to keep you full. (2) Go talk and find a place to stay that you can take away. (3) Put your backpack in a place that won’t bother you and your mother while the lesson is going on. (4) Think about what the lecturer is talking about. (5) Talk to the lecturer. (6) Think about the topics in the lesson with a smile or a smiley face. (7) Make sure you know the titles of the books that are being used and how they relate to each other. (8) Ask yourself, ‘How can I bring this message to people in the church or community?’ (9) When you go to a meeting, take the day’s message, the different presentations that will be given, and the titles of the books that will be used in each presentation. (10) Make sure that you know the titles of the books and videos that are being used and how they relate to the work.

HOW TO TAKE CARE OF YHWH

18 We should strive to be good at studying, because doing so would lead us to “the ways of wisdom.” (Ezek. 23:3; 31:3) We need the guidance that is given to us to guide us in the right way. That is, “be careful how you speak,” and put into practice the lessons you learn from studying. (Luke 8:18) Those who are good at studying will be blessed today and will one day have eternal life.—Ezek. 119:2, 14.

17. What can you do to make a good impression in your classroom? (Look at the picture.)

18. Why do we need to focus on studying?

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

■ Why do we need to focus on studying?

■ How can men who are committed to studying help others to be more open-minded?

■ What will help you write a good message?

ARTICLE 87 Be Strong!

THERE ARE NO SECOND CHOICES

I’ve Served Jehovah in Cuba for 70 Years

GUSTAVO JOSEPH ANLOA EDWƐKƐ

I was born in 1947 in the Caribbean island of Cuba, between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. I was the youngest of two children. My parents and all my sisters and brothers were born to a woman named Esmeralda.

I remember when we were younger, we used to live in the neighborhood of my dad's parents and some of my dad's employees. We didn't eat together because we were alone.

When I was nine years old, Elder Walton Jones invited me and my parents to study the Bible. He was a dedicated missionary, and he used to take us on long trips to visit our neighborhoods. Each time he went, many members of my family came to visit me and my sister and take us on long trips to study the Bible. My parents and my father’s brothers, Pedro and Ela, were very interested in what they were studying, and we became acquainted with Jehovah’s Witnesses. When Ela was 100 years old, she served as a permanent volunteer in Cuba.

At that time, Jehovah’s Witnesses were traveling to Cuba for service and study, which was not easy for them. We were able to use our Bible-based books to go out and preach. We traveled a lot! I couldn’t remember how much we loved Jehovah when we were children in that “good spirit.” But “the spirit of the truth” was in front of us.—2 Tim. 4:2.

DON'T BUY THE ONE THAT YOU NEED TO BUY

When I was nine years old, my dad and his uncle went to a new city for a moon worship service. The tragedy was that, during that service, they drank a bottle of water and got typhoid. By the time they got there, my dad's whole body was sore, but he was still awake. But my dad died. He was 32 years old.

When my father died, my mother took us to live with his uncle in a small village called Lombillo. We left my father’s friends and my sister and I in the village where we lived. But we went to worship the Lord.

On August 26, 1957, when I was eight years old, I was arrested in a small village near Lombillo, but it was only two years before I had completely changed the lives of Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba. In 1959, the village’s tower was torn down and replaced with a new one.

26 EZINZALƐ ARANE

The reason for the need for the new ar- nen was the famine. This was a big shock to Jehovah’s Witnesses because the world was going through a year of great misery and famine. We had no opportunity to worship Jehovah as we used to. At one time, the ar- nen was broken down and many of us were forced to go to work. Some of us were forced to go to work because of the famine. At one time, even the food we used to eat was made of blood, and the Bible says that blood is good for us.

(Heb. 10:25) Workers from all over the country went to congregations in villages and other places. Once, a man arranged for us to go to his sheepfold. We couldn’t find a way to go to the sheepfold, or we couldn’t find a way to get the sheep out of the sheepfold. We went to the congregation with all the sheep.—Mark 2:12.

For example, if we had a conference, the attendees of the conference would take a cassette tape and send it to all the members of the community in Cuba. It would be a good idea to have all the speakers of the conference take the cassette tape and listen to it. Since the members were so busy listening to the speeches, it would be a good idea to take the speeches of the conference and send them to the members of the community. Sometimes, when meetings were held in places where there wasn’t enough room, the younger brothers and sisters who had a smaller number of followers would go to another place, and when one of the younger brothers or sisters was not there, the younger brothers and sisters would go to another place. They would do the work for us. Indeed, we were having a great time and we had some of the books that the elder brothers and sisters in other countries had, but we were spiritually tired. And we were determined to devote ourselves to Jehovah.—Neh. 8:10.

ADEKPAKYELəMA NEE AWOVOLɛ

When I was 18, I joined the volunteer service in Florida. A year earlier, I was offered a volunteer position in Camagüey. There I met Emilia. She came to Santiago de Cuba and was very happy. We asked her to come with us and after a year, we went.

I worked at a local fire brigade, and Emilia and I were volunteers. But we wanted to do more in the service of Jehovah. I would go to work late in the evening and watch the sun go down. I was awake in the morning, but it didn’t help.

A. He attended the Church Leadership School in Camagüey, Cuba, 1966

B. On the Day of Remembrance, 1967

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

B

District Assembly TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

D

e

D. The New Zealand Bible Society, 1990

E. The Loss of Eyesight when Returning to Work, 1994

He allowed me to go to church regularly, and Emilia and I attended all classes.

In 1969, we adopted our son Gustavo. When we adopted him, I was told that I was going to be a missionary. At that time, many missionaries in Cuba were married. We were well-off, but we were not religious. But Emilia and I realized that we had a great opportunity to be missionary. When we adopted him, we adopted Obed. Then we adopted Abner, and a few years later, we adopted his daughter Maheli.

When she told me about my time as a missionary, she made me feel better because she showed me how Jehovah has blessed the people of Cuba. She also told me about the efforts that I and Emilia have made to instill his love in our children’s hearts. She also told me about how Emilia and I lived when I was a missionary.

DON'T DO THAT THAT YOU DON'T WANT TO DO WITH YOUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS

As they became more and more involved in religious activities, in the 1960s and 1970s, they became more and more involved in political activities.

Things were going well in the country. The Kingdom Hall was opened and all the missionaries in the country were welcomed. Many of the missionaries went on evacuation and settled in the Havana headquarters.

Depending on our circumstances, it was the Father or the Holy Spirit who made us go to the churches we visited. For example, if we went to a church in the morning, it would be the Father again who would come to visit us. We would go back and bring a lot of stuff with us because it would make people think about us. If we went to a church, we would leave it. We would make it look like we would go back and visit our neighbor in the evening. If we did that, it would not be the Father. In fact, we became a family that needed to take care of ourselves and feel good about ourselves when we went there. (Mark 10:29, 30) But in spite of all this, we had to keep ourselves present, because the policemen were aware of us and would ask us questions. If we were wrong, the brothers and sisters we attended would also be informed.—Acts 16:4.

During that time, we met a group of young people who had a lot of things to do, but they were very busy. For example, if you go to a place, you see that the stairs are full of people, but one of the young people has a hatchet in his hand.

28 INDIVIDUALS ONLY

E

G

F

E. Emilia at the excavation site of the Cuban Camp in 2000.

F. Yilɛyila Nyianu Asalo bie azo, 2012

G. Christian Mindfulness Bible School, 2013

When we were younger, we used to eat at the same time as our parents, so that we could eat at the same time. Sometimes, even when we were younger, we used to eat at the same time as our parents, so that we could eat at the same time.

When we went to the church, we used to take all the boys with us. We took one of them and left what they were carrying and took my mother and my niece with us. In fact, when we went out with our boys, he was very angry with us. One day, a cop came to us. We were carrying a book in the bag where the girl’s clothes were placed, and the cop was angry with us.

Emilia’s love for the children helped me in my mission, and it made me feel very special. For me, I was doing my computer work and at the same time serving as a volunteer. How did I do that? Sometimes, for one or two days, I spent a lot of time working to make up for the lack of time I had to go to work so that I could get my hands dirty at the end of the day. But then, my job went down. I felt like I was ahead of the rest of my group, so I had to work for the whole day. I was very excited about the arrangements. But I realized that if I had a lot of work to do at the end of the festival, I wouldn’t be able to get anybody to come back to the congregations. My people and my leaders wouldn’t even see me at the end of the festival!

THEY HAVE GIVE ME THE TIME I NEED AND THEY HAVE GIVE ME THE TIME I NEED

Once in 1994, a group of elders in Cuba made a visit to our 80-year-old elder in Havana. We were very surprised to see him again many years earlier. We talked about the organization’s problems in the visit. Then they closed a meeting that we had planned. The elders said they were determined to report them to the elders. Why?

They explained that they and the branch leaders had a common agenda, and that their aim was not to create a divide between the branch and Jehovah’s Witnesses.

JUNE 2026

29

Cuba General Committee, 2013

All the disciples were separated from each other, and we were all excited to go to the church, and the relationship between us and the elders was very good at that time.

They allowed us to continue our studies, meetings, and ministry, despite the fact that the church was not concerned about our religious beliefs in the country. At one point, the leaders of the church called us off and asked us not to go back to school.

In September 1994, we were given permission to re-visit the campsite, which had been closed for more than 20 years.

In 1996, Emilia and I were invited to work in the Embassy. We were shocked. I told the journalists that we were both pregnant, and that we were not the only ones. The staff were not interested in the situation, but they wanted us to work in the Embassy. We took the train and all of us returned to Havana.

In fact, at first I wasn’t very excited about the camp because I had been a volunteer for many years and I felt that it was a great job. I didn’t want to stay at home and work. But the other camp members and Emilia helped me feel better about the job. Then I went back and felt that I wasn’t going to be happy to work at the camp.

Emilia and I may be elders, but when we think about the brothers and sisters we’ve had the opportunity to meet and join in serving Jehovah for many years, we’re delighted. And what makes us even more delighted are our sons and daughters who we know are serving Jehovah. We feel like the early apostle John, who said: “This is not my joy in the world, but that my sons and daughters may grow up in the truth.”—3 John 4.

Emilia and I have been serving on the field for about 30 years. Despite our hardships and determination, we tried to do the work that was entrusted to us. We faced difficulties in worshiping Jehovah, but we were determined to go to Cuba 70 years later to worship “the God of angels.”—1 Tim. 1:11; Heb. 97:1.

We went to a meeting with the lady.

30 | EVERYTHING WILL GO WITHOUT YOU

YOU ARE THE ONE THAT DOESN'T HAVE THE VOLUME

In Galatians 4:24, what two kinds of people did the apostle Paul mention?

◼ When the apostle Paul described the relationship between Abimelech and Zela and Hega, he said: “These things came into their way; for these women gave birth to two sons.” (Gal. 4:22-24) In other words, we should have assumed that the two sons were not the sons of Melah and the new son. However, the text we are revising shows that we need to make a change. It seems that Paul was referring to the son of Abimelech, not the new son. Here are some reasons why he did so.*

(Gal. 4:25) Hega was the guardian of the Temple in 1513 B.C.E. (Exod. 19:5, 6). Any man who was in the Temple would not be able to serve the Temple in the same way as the Temple did, and would thus make the Jews slaves of sin. The Temple was intended to help the Israelites recognize the Messiah, the next person who would serve the Temple in the same way as the Temple did. When the coming Messiah sacrificed his own life, he made it possible for all human beings to overcome sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) When Jesus revealed God’s purpose for us, it was to bring us back to the Father.—John 10:4.

(Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) In Genesis 22:18, Hega is described as the daughter of Abimelech. Jehovah said: “Because of your son [Elimelech’s son], all the nations of the earth will be afraid, because you have obeyed me.”

* This is a new interpretation of what was taught in The Watchtower, March 15, 2006, p. 10-12.

(Gen. 3:15) It is clear from this passage that the “rapture” that they spoke of was not Abraham’s. Paul taught that this “rapture” was a symbol of Jesus Christ. However, the 144,000 who were surrounded by them, who were “Christ’s,” and who would rule with Jesus in his Kingdom, did not take this symbolic rapture seriously. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Heb. 14:1-3) In addition to the promise God made to Abimelech, those who believe in Jesus and follow him will receive many blessings.

But why did Paul do that? He knew that if the Jews who were present at the time followed Moses’s example, they would become slaves of Hega. But if they followed the example of the son of Abimelech, who was Jesus Christ, they would become slaves of Hega. They would be freed from the power of sin and illness. (John 8:32-34) If they followed Jesus, he knew that the example of the wicked Melchizedek would prevent them from coming to Christ.

Many of the Galileans to whom Paul was sending this message were not Jews, but sympathized with Melas. However, some Jews were concerned that he would lead those who were Jewish to sympathize with Melas and to be attracted to their men. Paul taught that he was concerned that these people were not sympathetic to the “slaves” of Melas, because Christ did not want them to be “slaves.” —Galatians 5:1, 10-14.

JUNE 2026 31

THE FOUR FACTS ABOUT YHWH'S BELIFULNESS

June 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 6 NZEMA

OUR MAGAZINE HERE YOU ARE

What we will study on August 10-16 | 2

How Do We Know the Truth When We’re In Need of It?

What we will study on August 17-23 | 8

Things We Do That Won’t Destroy Our Relationship with Our Elders

What we will study on August 24-30 | 14

How the Promise of God’s Mercy Works

What to Study August 31–September 6 | 20

See How the Word Works

THE SECOND BOOK OF THE KINGS | 26

I’ve Served Jehovah in Cuba for 70 Years

THE SECOND PART OF THE SECOND VOLUME | 31

This booklet is a donation to the Worldwide Bible Study Foundation, a charitable organization that helps people who are struggling financially. If you would like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

In a different way, the Scripture is described in the Book of Revelations—The Book of Revelations.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

THE WORDS OF THE BIBLE

The Avonel Who Wouldn't Die in His Own Eyes

Some people who were not familiar with the Bible were surprised that some of Jesus' disciples were blind. (Mark 1:16-20) They were called blind in the Valley of Galilee.

If the tree is large, they will use the pieces of the tree to make a deck with many trees in it. If the tree is small, they will use a small tree and if it is large, they will use a large tree. If the tree is small, they will use a rope to hold it up. If the tree is large, they will use two rope to hold it up. They will also use a rope to hold it up, and then they will use a rope to hold it up.

(Luke 5:6) The Bible tells of Demetrius and John who were “eating the corn without worrying about it.” (Matt. 4:21) Whenever they went to eat the corn, they made the corn ready. Luke, however, tells of the “eating the corn without worrying about it.” (Luke 5:2) If the corn was not ready, they cut it apart. Some did this so that the corn would not burn. —Ezek. 47:10.

Jesus summoned the people who were calling and told them, "I will make you hear the people who are calling."

Visit the jw.org website or visit one of the following sites:

JW.ORG

w26.06-NZ