SEPTEMBER 2026

EZINZALE ARANE

GOD'S BELIEVES IN HIMSELF

NOVEMBER 2–DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOVEMBER 2-8, 2026

EDITION 3 Be A Good Man, Be A Good Man, Be A Good Man

HOW CAN WE KNOW THAT GOD IS WITH US TODAY AND IN THE FUTURE?

Keep Yourself Aware of Jehovah’s Love for You

“They shall say: ‘Jehovah is my refuge.’”—EDW. 91:9.

We are at the end of the last days. He is not afraid of what is happening in the world. Jehovah is putting “his wrath” in the hearts of the nations. This means that he will cause the nations to “take their kingdoms away for the fear of the great thing,” which is the Great Fire of the Heavens.* (Ezek. 17:17) The Great Fire of the Heavens and all the mighty fires will cease, and the worldwide civilization will be brought to his presence. (Ezek. 17:16) This will be the beginning of the Great Desolation. What else is expected?

(Ezek. 38:14-16) Why? According to the book, “Satan is tempting the nations to make efforts to establish his faithful servants—and his true religion—on the earth.” Another example of Satan’s temptation of nations is the battle of Magadan. Jesus, in the presence of angels and 144,000 people, will destroy this evil world and take us to a new world.—Ezek. 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

3 Should we believe that those who are out of this evil world are ourselves?

* See “The Book of Readings” in the November 2025 Issue.

1-2. What terrible things will he do?

3. What will we consider in this chapter?

2

Why? As the LORD promises to do, He says, “The sun will go down upon you, and the moon will go up upon you, but it will not come near you.” (Isaiah 91:7) Let’s take a look at Ezekiel 91 and answer these questions: Which of the LORD’s promises does the LORD do to us? How does the LORD do to us today? How will he do to us someday? But let’s take a closer look at Ezekiel 91.

SECTION 91 OF THE SECURITY AND SECURITY REQUIREMENTS

4 We can use the words in Ezekiel 9:1 as a reminder: “Be confident in the Lord your God.” Revelations 1 and 2 show that God is confident in those who are self-centered. (Read Ezekiel 9:1, 2.) As we look back on Acts, the Bedouin Prophet and his followers, we feel confident. (Genesis 2:12; Isaiah 17:8.) The words “confident” and “strong” refer to how strong a city was in the past. Those who lived in the city were afraid, and it was necessary for those who lived in the city to be prepared to flee when the invaders attacked them. In the Prophecy of the Desolation, the elders used different strategies to give us confidence that Jehovah would be with us no matter what difficulties we faced.—Ezekiel 91:3-13.

5 Edwin 91:14-16 is more encouraging than anything else in Edwin 91. In this passage, it was not the earthquake that was causing the earthquake, but Jehovah himself. Jehovah made a promise to his servants. (Read Edwin 91:14-16.) He told them many times in those prophecies that he would forgive them because they trusted in him, worshipped him, and called his name in prayer. We can trust Jehovah completely because he always keeps his promises. (Deut. 23:14) We can trust him completely because he always keeps his promises. (Num. 23:19.)

6 Jehovah sent the woodpecker to write down the words in Ezekiel 91 to help us feel confident and proud of ourselves. (Ezekiel 15:4) We can only imitate the word of the woodpecker: “You are my shelter and my stronghold.” (Ezekiel 91:2) But in what ways does Jehovah’s mercy affect us?

WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT GOD’S RELATIONSHIP WITH OUR CHILDREN?

7 The Bible teaches us that Edwin 91 is the promise of Jehovah concerning our relationship with him. This means that we can always trust that he will take care of us so that nothing can destroy our relationship with him. But will he take care of our relationship with him? Yes. And Jehovah promises in Edwin 91 that he will take care of us and give us peace even when we know it. Why do we say that?

8 Let’s consider the scene when Satan went after Jesus and distracted Him from a passage in Revelation 9:1.

4. How does Ezekiel 91:1, 2 give us confidence that Jehovah will not let us down?

5-6. (a) What promise does Jehovah make to us in Ezekiel 91:14-16? (b) Why can we trust this promise?

7. What things did Edwin 91 tell us about Jehovah’s love for us?

8-9. (a) How did Satan respond when he made a false accusation against Jesus? (b) What can we learn from this case? (Matthew 4:5-7)

SEPTEMBER 2026

3

(Read Matthew 4:5-7.) Because Satan believed that Jehovah had promised to take his life in Revelation 91:11, 12, he told Jesus that he would leave the temple fire and go to hell if the angels took his life. What did Jesus say to Satan? He said, “Satan, you are righteous! Jehovah has promised to take your life.” Jesus then said to Satan, “Respect Jehovah your God.” What can we learn from Jesus’ example?

9 The way Jesus talked to Satan shows that Eden 91 was a sign that Jehovah was willing to sacrifice people in every way possible. He was willing to give them a relationship with him and their own lives so that they could have peace of mind in times of trouble. In Eden 91, Jesus saw how he used his angels to sacrifice people at different times. (2 Kings 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Daniel 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) However, Jesus thought that if he had been steadfast and had refused to allow angels to sacrifice him for his own sake, he would have been able to sacrifice himself. Satan's promise in Revelation 9:1 that God would take Jesus' life was true, but his claim that Jesus would resurrect himself was a lie. *

10 Let us put our trust in the Lord, and let us trust in him above all that trust in him, and above all that trust in him, and above all that trust in him, and above all that trust in him, and above all that trust in him, and above all that trust in him, and above all that trust in him, and above all that trust in him, and above all that trust in him, and above all that trust in him.

* We are reminded in our books at one time that Edwin 91 referred to the promise of God to give himself spiritually. When Satan made the statement therein that God would give himself spiritually, he was writing the book. See December 1, 1974 The Watchtower, p. 722.

10. What fears do we have?

Let the fear of the Lord be in our hearts, and let us see how the Lord deals with us today and how he will deal with us in the future.

WHY DOES JEHOVA LOVE OUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS?

11 Jehovah, who has made us sinful and will never allow us to do what he wants, helps us to overcome everything that could damage our relationship with him. (Proverbs 6:16; 7:21-23) Let’s consider some of the ways in which he helps us in this battle.

12 Follow the Word. The Bible not only warns us to keep ourselves from evil habits, but it also teaches us how to overcome them. For example, consider Jesus’ statement in Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.) Jesus spoke of a man who “goes after a woman against his own will.” He said that he “destroys marriage in his heart.” What can we learn from this?

13 If we watch pornography and it causes us to have an obsession with pornography, then if that obsession becomes so strong that we become uncomfortable with ourselves, it can cause us to become addicted. (Gen. 1:14, 15) To get rid of our obsession with pornography, we must immediately apply Jesus’ advice: “If you have a desire to do evil, put it away.” (Matt. 5:29) Therefore, we should not watch any pornographic images. (Col. 3:5) Doing so will damage our relationship with Jehovah.

11. How does Jehovah inspire us spiritually today?

12-13. How can we overcome evil habits? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4 INDIVIDUALS ONLY

Jehovah uses his organization to provide us with books and videos from time to time to help us improve our relationship with him. (Paragraph 15)

14 It is the Holy Spirit who prays for us, and it is the Holy Spirit who gives us the power to do what we want to do, so if we ask him to give us spiritual wisdom, he will do so. (Luke 11:9-13) How does the Holy Spirit influence us? The Apostle Paul said: “Let the spirit go all the way, and we shall not be afraid of the flesh.” (Galatians 5:16) This is a reminder that everyone can do whatever they can to please Jehovah and apply his principles to their lives. When we do this, God’s Spirit helps us to think and act wisely. When we are tempted to do something wrong, the Spirit can help us to rethink our thoughts quickly. However, when we are tempted to do something wrong, the Spirit can help us to make the right decision, and that decision will never break our relationship with God.

15 He does not want us to be part of his organization. He does not want us to be part of his organization because he wants us to be separated from him. For example, because we are a part of his organization, we may feel that we are being overlooked, that someone is thinking about us, or that we are being ignored.

14. How does Jehovah use the holy spirit to help us?

15. How does Jehovah use his organization to protect us? (Look at the pictures.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 5

(Matt. 4:3; 6:13) That is why Jehovah’s Organization provides us with books and videos that give us confidence that he will forgive us and serve us faithfully, and that he will help us overcome our difficulties. (Isaiah 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Hebrews 13:5) Have you ever had a time when you didn’t watch a video or read something from our books that spoke to your heart? Some say, ‘Isn’t it me who wrote these words?’ It is God who gives us these spiritual meals in His own time to enhance our relationship with Him.

16 Jehovah won’t allow all of his servants to be destroyed by his wrath. However, at some point in time, he will allow some of his servants to be subjected to his wrath, and some of them will even be destroyed in order to convince Satan that they are his slaves. (Ezek. 2:10; 6:9) But Satan was angry with the few who remained. In his anger, he wanted to destroy all of God’s servants. (Matt. 24:9; Ezekiel 12:9-12) We can only hope that Jehovah will exalt himself above his angels and set himself above all people so that they will serve him faithfully forever.—Hebrews 1:7, 14.

17 Jehovah is above all things that can lead to life after death, and we can be sure that if we apply his principles to our lives, he will give us life after death.

16. (a) What circumstances does Jehovah allow some of his servants to experience? (b) What do we know that Jehovah will do for his people?

17. Why should we be confident that Jehovah is willing to do everything he can to help us overcome our current difficulties?

(Deut. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) However, we shouldn’t expect that God will let us be afraid of anything that could lead us to suffer today. If we do, we will be exposed to Satan’s practice of saying that because God is afraid of us, we shouldn’t worship him. (Deut. 1:10, 11) Let’s assume that because God is proud of his holy name, he will show “good affection” for the wicked who come to betray his servants. (Deut. 9:22) But his affection will come to an end. If we have confidence in him, he will help us overcome all adversity so that our relationship with him can be enhanced.—1 Corinthians 10:13; 1 Peter 5:10.

WHY DOES JEHOVA LOVE HIS CHILDREN?

18 During the Great Tribulation, Jehovah will take advantage of our relationship with him to destroy us. He will also take advantage of us in other ways. If the nations attack Jehovah’s servants, Jehovah will not destroy all of his servants. (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) He sent Jesus and his angels to save his people, but he did not go to the battle of Magadan. Jesus and his angels and God’s angels were saved. (Ezek. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) But how did Jehovah take advantage of his people at Magadan?

19 It will not be this evil world that will be destroyed in the battle of Amalek that will destroy us.

18. How does Jehovah treat us every day?

19-20. Why shouldn’t what happened at the Battle of Magdala be a source of concern for us? (See the picture above.)

6 EZINZALƐ ARANE

Jesus and His heavenly host will destroy all God’s enemies in a never-ending battle at the battlefield of Magadan... but no enemy will ever be able to destroy God’s chosen sheep.

Why? We know that Jehovah is our guardian and our stronghold, and we have complete confidence that Jesus and his heavenly host will destroy all God’s enemies in the never-ending battle of Magadan. (Gen. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) But the enemy will not be able to destroy even God’s faithful sheep.—Luke 21:28; 2 Peter 2:9.

20 Then the word of the prophet came true in the battle of Megiddo. He said: “The wolf shall come upon thee, and the lion shall come upon thee, but thou shalt not come near unto thee. But thou shalt come upon thee, and shalt see the destruction of the wicked; for thou hast said, The LORD is mine, and the works of the wicked are done in thy stead.” (Isaiah 91:7-9) Without Megiddo, we can trust that Jehovah will destroy all his people and every one of us, and will cause us to be ashamed of ourselves and of our relationship with him. Because you know that “the LORD is with me,” he promises that adversity “will not be near you.” So we should not be discouraged by what we may not know one day, because we have complete confidence that the LORD will take care of us.

THE LORD IS WITH US: Jehovah has given us his life to help us survive the battle of Magadan.

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

■ What are some of the ways in which Jehovah encourages us to take care of ourselves?

■ How does Jehovah treat us today?

■ How will we be saved one day?

CHAPTER 8 Jehovah Is Our Savior

NOVEMBER 9-15, 2026

ARTICLE 36 Let Us Make Our Own Home

BODANE How to make our hearts open to Jehovah.

How to Have the “Friendship We Need”

“Let your servant have a tender heart.”—1 KINGS 3:9.

Many people have a tendency to be timid. In many cultures, people tend to be timid when someone threatens or threatens them with punishment. In God’s church, too, many people tend to be timid because they want others to be like the church leaders in Jesus’ time. (Matt. 23:5) But because we have Jehovah’s approval, we don’t want to be timid. (Isaiah 48:17, 18) That’s a good idea, but there’s another very important thing we need to do to be timid.

(Matt. 22:37, 38) Our affection for him leads us to “be steadfast in our hearts.” (John 6:17) Our love for Jehovah and “the steadfastness of our hearts” lead us to do everything we can to obey his laws. We are steadfast at all times, not only when we are hurt by others or when we have a quick opportunity to do so. But because our hearts are steadfast, there may come a time when we need to be steadfast. In this article, we will look at two examples from the Bible that can help us to become more willing to do good. First, we will look at the time when God sent the Israelites into Egypt, and second, we will look at the example of King Josiah of Judah.

1. Why do some people behave unfairly toward those who have authority over them? 2. What is the reason why we should behave unfairly toward Jehovah?

8

The Israelites worshiped Jehovah despite the anger of the Egyptians (Appendix 3)

THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS THIRD PARTY APPLIC

3 When the LORD led the Israelites out of Egypt, he told them to kill a ram or a heifer and sprinkle its blood on the beasts of the field to prevent them from suffering in the end. (Ex. 12:5, 7) In this way, the LORD made their lands desolate so that every living creature, man or thing, that was in their midst would die. But apparently it was his will that they would not obey this law. Why? Sometimes they would flee when the Egyptians went out to fight them, because the Egyptians regarded the rams as holy animals. (Ex. 12:5, 7) 8:25-27) But the Israelites knew that they had to do what the LORD had told them to do at that time. (Ex. 12:28) And the LORD granted all the tribes.

4 And Israel went down into Egypt, after that the LORD had commanded them to go unto the mouth of the Nile, and had given them a sign in the heart of a man, that he had no understanding: and they went down after them, and stood between the Nile and his servants: and Pharaoh and his servants stood between the Nile and the servants of Pharaoh: but Israel did according to all that the LORD had spoken by Moses his servant. 14:1-4) When they saw that the Egyptian king was gone, they “stood up” and told Moses that they were going to come to him for help. (Ex. 14:5-11) Why did they stand up? And how did Jehovah change their attitude?

5 The Bible tells us that when the Israelites crossed the Nile, they were amazed at Jehovah’s marvelous works in Egypt, and they “would be grateful” for his love. (Read Exodus 106:7 and the following.) They saw how Jehovah had made them miserable in the midst of the difficulties that lay ahead. But he also made them realize how great God’s wrath was against them, and they had no confidence that he could save them again. Because Jehovah saw what was in their hearts, he said, “Make a god in the midst of the Nile.”

3. Why did he seem to be trying to persuade the Israelites to disobey one of Jehovah’s laws? (Look at the picture.)

4. When the Israelites went into Egypt, what warning did Jehovah give them?

5. When the Israelites crossed the Nile, what did they have to do? (Exodus 106:7 and the following)

SEPTEMBER 2026 9

(Deuteronomy 10:21, 24-26) What do we learn from this story? When Moses and his followers went into the desert to worship the Lord, they did so in a way that made them feel guilty. (Deuteronomy 10:21, 24-26) What do we learn from this story?

SUKOA DEBIE FI YEZULƐMA NEAZO NE ANU

6 The example of the Israelites teaches us that we need to look at our attitudes toward Jehovah and those who stand before his people. We can ask ourselves, ‘If I were to do something wrong, would I be guilty?’ Perhaps because some Israelites were afraid to burn the bones of the slaughtered animals, they covered their faces with the blood of the slaughtered animals. Or we can ask ourselves, ‘Is it because I am guilty that I am not guilty?’ After the Israelites left Egypt, Jehovah made them “find favor in the sight of the Egyptians.” 12:36) But when the Egyptians began to be arrogant, they turned away from Jehovah and became insolent. (Ex. 14:10-12) But we, as opposed to the Israelites, need to turn away from Jehovah and his people. (Read Genesis 23:4.) If we make a mistake or do something that will make Jehovah’s servant angry, we should not do it. How can we follow the example of the Israelites and have the same heart as they have?

7 Show great love for the Lord. If we are given an example and know how he will help us,

6. If we have a weak heart, how will it help us? (Genesis 23:4)

7. How does our deep love for Jehovah help us to be self-reliant?

(1 John 5:3) Our love for Jehovah will help us to have compassion for others and to be grateful when he takes the time to help us overcome our problems.—Proverbs 7:8; Mark 7:7. (See also Proverbs 10:24, 25; 11:1, 2.) Our love for Jehovah will also help us to be grateful for the time he takes to help us overcome our problems. —Proverbs 7:8; Mark 7:7. (See also Proverbs 10:24, 25.)

8 In our time, God’s people are setting a good example even when they are faced with difficulties. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, they instructed their congregations to use video-conferencing for their meetings. A congregational leader in Peru said that at first he was afraid that the meeting would not take place, but despite his fears, he decided to do the right thing and turn to God. (Deut. 3:5, 6) What did he learn? He said: “I saw how Jehovah treats those who do the right thing. In 2020, the organization introduced a new policy for foreign-language congregations and groups. When a woman in Japan was asked to leave her group, she said: “I don’t want to go through this new policy, I don’t want to be misunderstood. I want to know what’s going on.”

9 Be awake. This is very important in our ministry. In many parts of the world, the storms are falling and we are unable to preach. However, when we preach the gospel, we need to make people know that they will destroy this world, and that we will continue to preach that message, not to mention the battle of Amageddon.

8. How did two brothers behave toward each other?

9. What can we do to be more steadfast when we are in trouble? (Look at the picture.)

10 EZINZALƐ ARANE

(Matt. 24:14) But in the great tribulation, the message that we preach to people will have a great impact on whether they will worship Jehovah or not. Our ministry will be a “great trouble” for the Jews.* (Ezek. 16:21) It is not surprising that they will be angry as Pharaoh was angry at the Mount of Olives. What helps us to overcome that tribulation is to be determined today to do the ministry regardless of what others are doing.

HOW THE BELEMGBUNLI GHWAHOHOHYAFATE WAS BUILDED

10 The Bible tells us about people who did not obey God. For example, when a king decided to make war on the kings of Bethlehem, Jehoash and Judah, Jehoash and his people were overjoyed and made sense. (2 Kings 20:1-3) But the king was terrified and did something about it. Let’s see how Jehoash’s next action helped us to obey God.

11 Determine to seek forgiveness from God, and you will be forgiven. The prophetic Goliath “decided to seek forgiveness from Jehovah.” (2 Kings 20:3) It was the nature of Goliath to seek forgiveness from Jehovah. (2 Kings 19:3) But in this case, he “decided,” or was determined to seek forgiveness from Jehovah, and he did so. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) We can make a decision to worship Jehovah, be honest, and learn something to help him tell us what to do.—Ezekiel 119:112.

12 And he went, and looked, and, behold, there was a man in the midst of them, whose name was Abimelech; and he saw that the LORD had fulfilled his word, which he had spoken unto Abimelech, that he would give the land unto Israel. (Gen. 12:7)

* See the “Letter to the Readers” in the August 2025 Issue.

10. When a nation made war on Judah, what did King Jehoiakim say?

11. What did Jehoahaz do when he was upset? —Deuteronomy 20:5, 6, 10-12.

12. How can we be confident in our decision to live according to the Bible?

If we do something today, it will help us to overcome the challenges we will face someday.

(Schedule 9)

11

Church leaders strive to serve Jehovah, the organization, and their fellow leaders (See Appendix 16)

(2 Kings 6:28-30; 20:5-9) The things that Jehoiakim learned led him to put great trust in Jehovah and to make a firm decision to serve him. To make a firm decision, we need to look at “the way we use our possessions,” that is, we need to learn new things about the truth and about the things we worship. (Matt. 13:52) If we do that, we will always be able to serve Jehovah in the most difficult situations.

13 Try to be self-confident. Goliath’s prayer indicated that he was self-confident. As a king, he might be self-conscious and feel that he could handle the situation. But when he spoke in public, he showed self-confidence and showed David to Jehovah. (2 Sam. 20:12) Because he was self-confident, he could not show that he disregarded God’s orders. In the same way, if we are self-confident, God will help us to be self-confident in all circumstances.—Phil. 2:5, 8.

13. How can planning help us become self-reliant?

14 Consider how your actions influence others. Jehovah spoke to the prophet Hezekiah when he answered Goliath’s prayer. He showed that he was angry with the people. He said to them: “Go away from them, and stand down, and see how Jehovah has saved their lives.” The Bible says that “Goliath turned and turned toward him, and all the people bowed down and worshipped Jehovah.” When the people left at night, the king encouraged them to “trust in Jehovah” and “his prophets.”—2 Kings 20:14-20.

15 When Jehoiakim ordered the people to “reproach themselves in the presence of the people who were ashamed of the war,” he showed that he was very steadfast. (2 Kings 20:21) When Jehoiakim and “the man who had changed his mind” did so, they set a great example for his people and taught them to be obedient to Jehovah and to be steadfast. Jehovah pardoned them for their decision and gave them the courage to stand up for themselves.—2 Kings 20:22-24.

14. What did Jehoahaz do about the promise God had made to him?

15. How did Goliath show that he had great faith?

12 EZINZALƐ ARANE

16 The elders of the congregation, parents, and other people with authority can learn from Goliath. Because he was self-centered, he made those who were against him self-centered as well. He learned from King Solomon. When Solomon was not serving Jehovah, he prayed that God would not make his heart self-centered. Solomon’s father did not pray that God would not make his heart self-centered, but he prayed that God would not make his people self-centered. He wanted to do what Jehovah wanted him to do. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) However, Jehoiakim did not ignore the words of Jehovah’s prophets, questioning the people’s minds and determining them, and encouraging them to use God’s commandments. Church leaders can learn from this lesson. They used the Bible and other books to search for guidance, and together with other leaders, they examined their own opinions and made decisions concerning the church. (2 Kings 15:22) They also used their words and actions to encourage God’s people to be steadfast in their hearts. Similarly, parents should expect their children to learn from their actions and actions of their children.—Deuteronomy 1:8; 14:1.

17 If we have a steadfast heart, no matter what difficulties we encounter, we can trust that Jehovah will guide us and show us the right way. He used the example of his enemies to teach us how to deal with them in the past. If we don’t like one of his examples, we shouldn’t be disappointed, because Jehovah knows his ways and his ways of doing things better than we do. (Isaiah 55:9) Let him give us a steadfast heart.

16. What can those in power learn from the example of their ancestor Jehoiakim? —1 Chronicles 3:9. (See picture.)

17. Why should we always have the heart that we have?

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

■ What more can we learn from what the Israelites did when they left Egypt?

■ How did Goliath prove that he had “the right to possess”?

■ What can we learn from the example of Goliath?

ARTICLE 88 Kilenge Me Wo Ndenle Ne Mo

NOVEMBER 16-22, 2026

ARTICLE 84 We Are Helpful

THESE words describe the work that Jehovah’s people are doing to fulfill the promise in Zechariah 8:23.

Translating the Bible into People’s Languages

“The crowd of all the languages of the nations shall be gathered in the garment of David.”—ZEC. 8:23.

(Gen. 11:6-9) However, it is not Jehovah’s purpose to bring “a great multitude of nations and peoples and tongues” to the new world, but to bring them to the great reconciliation in the new world. (Ezek. 34:14) Jehovah’s purpose is to bring “a great multitude of nations and peoples and tongues” to the new world. (Ezek. 34:15) Jehovah’s purpose is not to bring “a great multitude of nations and peoples and tongues” to the new world, but to bring “a great multitude of nations and peoples and tongues” to the new world. (Ezek. 34:16) 7:9, 10, 14) But if these people are to be able to put their faith in Jehovah during the great tribulation, we must preach the good news to them in their native languages so that they will not be dismayed. —Read Deuteronomy 10:13, 14.

2 Many decades after the Apostle John wrote the book of Ezekiel, God sent the prophet Zechariah to prophesy that “many nations will be made to worship the Lord, and they will be his people.” (Zechariah 2:11) Zechariah then wrote: “Thus says the Lord, ‘There will be many men who speak all the languages of the nations.

1. Why is it important to preach in many languages? —Revelation 10:13, 14.

2. What message did Jehovah send through Zechariah?

14

... they will burn their garments and say, ‘Let us eat with them, for we have broken the covenant of God.’ ” (Zac. 8:23) This prophecy is true today. Let us see how each of us can contribute to fulfilling this prophecy.

WHEN WE LOOK AT THE WORLD WITH OUR OWN EYES

3 The “wolf” referred to in Zechariah’s prophecy represents the surrounding people, who are called the “new Israel.” (Gal. 6:16) These people are called to “go up to heaven.” (Heb. 3:1) The “wolf of the kingdom” represents the people who have the hope of living forever on earth in Paradise. They come from different nations and speak different languages.

4 When Jesus spoke of “a king and a queen” in 1919, the congregation realized that it was not their job to translate the gospel into other languages. (Matt. 24:45) Although the Bible Society had already translated the “Photo-Drama of Creation” into other languages, the king and queen realized that it was not necessary to do so. For example, The Harp of God, which was translated in 1921, was translated into 36 languages. In 1935, the “great crowd” was selected. Because of this, one of the apostles realized that he needed to preach the gospel to people of different nations and languages, so the apostles who were present at that time organized the work of preaching so that the gospel would be preached throughout the whole earth, in order to fulfill the prophecy of Zechariah.

“NOW YOU KNOW THAT YOU ARE THE ONE WHO HAS BEEN KILLED”

5 As God’s people spread the good news throughout the world, they encountered many people who spoke different languages and wanted to serve God. According to Isaiah, they invited these people to come to God’s presence and learn his ways. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) To help these people learn about God and love him, God’s servants “dedicated themselves entirely” to spreading the good news, translating books and videos into different languages, and printing books and distributing them to people all over the world. (Ezek. 68:11; 110:3) In addition, this effort has led to the translation of jw.org and JW Library® into many languages, allowing more people in a multilingual world to learn the truth of the Bible.

6 People from all over the world who speak different languages enjoy the spiritual meal that God’s Word brings to them. One of the most exciting things about this is that they are willing to contribute to the worldwide translation work, which helps us to produce books and videos in more than 1,100 languages. Each year, we help millions of people.

7 The people of the Lord speak different languages,

3. Who are the fathers of the “Wolf” and who are the mothers of the “Snake” today?

4. What did Jesus mean when he spoke of “a man and a woman” in 1919?

5-6. How does Isaiah 2:2-4 apply to us today? (See picture.)

7. How does Ezekiel 14:6 tell us about the future?

SEPTEMBER 2026 15

At the end of the day, when the sun and the moon came down, there were people from all nations speaking different languages (Figures 5-6).

(Read Ezekiel 14:6.) Knowing that the Bible prophecies of Zechariah and Ezekiel are being fulfilled today gives us confidence in the fulfillment of other prophecies, and it makes us determined to serve God’s organization because he is willing to encourage people to listen to the good news.

GOD IS THE ONE WHO MAKES YOU HAPPY

8 On the day of Pentecost in 33 C.E., Jehovah performed a miraculous act by giving Christ’s disciples the power to speak in the languages that they were unable to understand. (Gen. 2:4-10) Why did he do this? He wanted people from different nations who were detached from God to speak “of the great things that God does.” (Gen. 2:11) He did this because he had the power to use the voices they heard when they were captured in the city of Babylon. That’s why we use books and videos to preach the truth to people in their native languages.

9 For it is good for the gospel to be preached in a tongue which is not his own. Let us take this example: Let it be that a man went on a journey into a strange country, and was brought to the hospital, and the doctor told him what he should do to be healed; but because he understood the tongue of the doctor, he needed someone to explain to him what the doctor had said.

8. What did Jehovah do in Pentecost 33 A.D.?

9. What can we do to encourage people who speak our own language to listen to the good news?

16 EZINZALƐ ARANE

We can help someone who is struggling to understand the meaning of the Bible in their native language by sending them a book, a video, or an audio recording in their native language. We can also help someone who is struggling to understand the meaning of the Bible in their native language by sending them a book, a video, or an audio recording in their native language. We can also help someone who is struggling to understand the meaning of the Bible in their native language by sending them a book, a video, or an audio recording in their native language. We can also help someone who is struggling to understand the meaning of the Bible in their native language by sending them a book, a video, or an audio recording in their native language.

10 Let’s look at how we can use our books and JW Library to preach the good news to others in other languages. For example, Robert, who speaks Turkish, one day, while he was preaching at a conference, met a man from Turkey who worked in the shipping industry. His husband, who spoke Turkish, had read the booklet What God Says! in Turkish. Because Robert’s booklet was in Turkish, he explained to the man some of the difficulties he encountered in his language. The man asked him a lot of questions about what’s going on in the world, and Robert used the JW Library app to listen to the Bible in Turkish. He looked at the man and said, “Oh, I’m so glad you speak my language!” Robert said: “We had a great time together. During our conversation, I noticed that the man’s commitment to the Bible and his understanding of it were amazing.” This was a great opportunity for us to get excited about learning about God in their mother tongue!

11 When we translate a tract or article from the jw.org website into someone’s native language, we do so with the consent of the person who translated it, and in keeping with your goal of bringing the Bible to people who speak that language.

10-11. (a) What do we learn from Robert’s story? (b) What do we learn from the passage in the book that he called “Raa’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’a’

Lwb Neeljov Qab Ntut Tshiab Tsaab Thyeoh

Raalɛ Bie Nyianle Anyelazo

When a Hmong woman named Youa came to the United States, she was surprised to discover that she could speak Nrelenza, a Hmong language. She was very interested in reading books and even the Bible. She said, “I don’t know what peace and joy is.” One day, a Nrelenza-speaking lady gave her a tract in the Hmong language entitled “Rest in Peace with the Eternal Father.” Youa didn’t understand the meaning of God’s promises in the tract. The story inspired her and gave her hope that things would be better one day. She lived with her ex-husband for many years. She was a self-defeating person. Then, her husband and wife came to the truth and took her to a Hmong language course. They studied the Bible with her, and she became one of the hopeful people who came to Jehovah thanks to the beautiful story.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17

WE WISH TO KNOW ABOUT GOD'S WORSHIP

12 We all have the opportunity to learn from the Bible. It’s not a new thing to learn from the Bible, but it’s already there.* The Bible students are working hard to bring God’s Word to people around the world. For example, Bible Friendship—An Evidence-Based Study Guide helps Jehovah’s people build friendship among themselves. A congregation leader in Nepal said of the Evidence-Based Study Guide: “This Bible study guide in my mother’s language helps me learn more about Jehovah. I have come close to him, and my faith is great.” Read the Bible in its entirety or in one of its 300 languages. The way this Bible is written does not just speak the truth about God, but it is the reason why Jehovah’s people around the world have faith in it and use it to help others. (1 Cor. 1:10) But this is not the only reason why the Bible is so popular.

13 Yes, the word of God is not in many Bibles. But he found many copies of the Old Testament. During the 100 years he was there, the word of God was found in many Bible communities, and it was included in the Scriptures. But the Christian church leaders and authorities who were under the authority of God were trying to get people to use the word of God. Even the church leaders and authorities used the word of God in their Bibles and in all their books.* But many other religions used the word of God in their Bible communities. But if the Bible is translated into any language, let the word of God be found in the same place as it was in the original scripture. It is necessary to make people know the word of God. Let us see why it is so.

14 The Bible tells us how to know and use God’s name. The Psalmist encouraged God’s servants to “open the name of the Lord.” (Proverbs 135:1) When Jesus instructed his disciples how to pray, he said to them: “Let your name be known.” (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) The apostle Paul, too, reflected on the words of the prophet David: “Whoever uses the name of the Lord will lose his life.” 10:13) Those who believe that the Bible is not the word of God will not follow these advice.

15 Many Jehovah’s Witnesses offer the Bible in a language they don’t speak. They encourage them to study the Bible in their native language.

* The original Scripture translated around 150 B.C. is known as the Greek Septuagint.

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI proclaimed that the word of God should not be used in Catechetical sermons, sermons and prayers. See October 1, 1997 The Watchtower p. 16-18, ed. 4-8.

12. How does the Holy Spirit help God’s people?

13. Why is God’s name prominent in many Bible communities?

14. According to the Bible, why do we need to know God’s name and put it into practice?

15. What lessons can we learn from the Bible?

18 EZINZALƐ ARANE

When they learned the truth, they realized how important it was for them to devote themselves to God and open their hearts to his name. He encouraged them to devote themselves to him with great love.—Deuteronomy 18:10; Isaiah 56:6.

16 The Bible says that there will be war between “all the peoples of the earth” and Jehovah. (Ezek. 16:14) At that time, those who recognize Jehovah and worship him will be punished. (Ezek. 9:10; see John 17:3.) But he will reward those who recognize him as their God in another way. Jehovah says: “I will show my glory and my holiness, and I will make them recognize me in the sight of many nations; and they will know that I am Jehovah.” (Ezek. 38:23) At that time, Jehovah’s people will be delighted to see that he is their Savior and not their seer!—Mal. 3:16.

17 We would like to have the opportunity to take a moment to reflect on the prophecy in Zechariah 8:23, and to have the opportunity with our brothers and angels to preach the good news to people who speak different languages. May God give us all the resources we need to preach the good news to all nations, peoples, languages, and peoples. May we make good use of these resources to bring as many people as possible closer to Jehovah, our God, who is open-minded, kind, and gracious. It is a great pleasure to do this work in the hope that Jehovah’s name will be glorified throughout the world.—Luke 11:2.

16. Why do we need to know Jehovah better today? —John 17:3.

17. What are the seven ways we are blessed?

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

■ Who are the “shadows” and “the clouds” referred to in Zechariah 8:23?

■ What motivates people speaking different languages to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why do people need to know Jehovah’s name and use it?

ARTICLE 57 The Bible Reveals the Truth About Mankind

NOVEMBER 23-29, 2026

CHAPTER 107 God Is Our Nearest Friend

HOW DOES THE PRIESTSHIP ORGANIZATION HELP US TO LOVE GOD MORE?

The Message of Faith Makes You Know That You Love Jehovah

“Every godly chief whom they hold among men, they hold him to be a servant of God for men.”—HEBREWS 5:1.

When Adam and Eve rebelled against God, they caused sin to overwhelm us all. This created a huge gap between us and God, and we will never be able to get close to him. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) There must be a great distance between us and God, who is our only hope. When we are afflicted, we have true joy, but we also have full hope. What promise does Jehovah make to help us?

2 The Lord created the priesthood to save us from our sins. He appointed priests and high priests to the Israelites. Then He appointed Jesus to be the Father of the Christian Church and to be the Father of the Church today. In this article, we will study how the priesthood system was used to separate men and women in the past. Then we will look at how the Father of the Church, Jesus Christ, served us today and how He served the 144,000 on that day. Then we will see how this wonderful system has been maintained by the Lord.

WHEN THE SOCIAL NETWORK HAS BEEN BLOCKED

3 The Apostle Paul explained how Jehovah had arranged the priesthood for the Israelites. (Read Hebrews:

1. Why is humanity in dire need of help? 2. What will we study in this chapter? 3. As Hebrews 5:1 shows, how did the priesthood system prevent people who wanted to draw near to Jehovah from doing so? (See the picture.)

20

Ethan served as a mediator between us and God; the priesthood was for us (Appendix 3)

(Deuteronomy 5:1) Jehovah was pleased that the Israelites were close to him. That’s why he chose the high priest and appointed him to help the people in their worship. The priests brought God’s servants closer to him. They made it easier for people to reach out to God.

4 How did the priests bring the Israelites closer to God and to the way He wanted them to go? In two ways. First, they taught the people about God. How did they do it? Malachi 2:7 says: “It is because the priests speak to the people against God, and it is necessary for the people to inquire about his law, for it is the Lord who rules.” Therefore, the priests’ job was not to bring Moses’ Law to the Israelites and bring them to adhere to it and to obey it. For example, in the time of Revelation, Leviticus 13 commanded the priest Ezra to teach the people the law and to encourage them to do what they feared, so that they might put God’s laws into practice and draw near to God.—Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Secondly, they went through the people’s houses and prayed to God and offered sacrifices. The Israelites were so sinful that they went into sin. They knew that they were going to face the punishment for their sins. (Deuteronomy 51:9) That’s why the LORD asked the priests to come out of their houses and offer various offerings. How this made the Israelites, who were so self-conscious, willing to forgive them for their sins! The religious system shows us that the LORD is loving, merciful and careful of his people, and that he cares about their lives.

HOW MANY TIME HAS THE LORD BEEN WITH YOU, AND HOW MANY TIME HAS THE LORD BEEN WITH YOU, AND HOW MANY TIME HAS THE LORD BEEN WITH YOU, AND HOW MANY TIME HAS THE LORD BEEN WITH YOU, AND HOW MANY TIME HAS THE LORD BEEN WITH YOU, AND HOW MANY TIME HAS THE LORD BEEN WITH YOU, AND HOW MANY TIME

6 Jehovah wants to have a good relationship with his chosen servants.

4. How did the priests bring the Israelites closer to God?

5. (a) What other tasks did the priests perform? (b) What does the priesthood show us about Jehovah?

6. In ancient times, what were the family duties that outweighed the duties of the priest?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

(Gen. 12:7, 8) And David also made an offering for his sons. (Gen. 1:5) That is why even when the Levitical priesthood was abolished, the Bible used the word “priest” to refer to the priests. Jehovah said to the Israelites: “The priests [the sun-bearers who are always near to Jehovah] must be consecrated, so that the Lord may be pleased with them.”—Ezra 1:5. 19:22.

7 The last God the Bible refers to was not Melchizedek. (Gen. 14:18) He was both a priest and a king. At that time, Jehovah had promised that the Messiah would be both a priest and a king like Melchizedek. However, the exact characteristics of the Messiah were unknown to mankind forever.—Ezek. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 When the LORD destroyed the kingdom of Israel, he sent Moses to them. In the Meal he laid down the priests’ duties. Moses instructed Aaron and his sons to serve as priests. (Ex. 40:12-15) Levi had to bring the priests from all over the country and from each of their fathers. The LORD set out the offerings he had to offer, how he had to offer them, and how he had to offer them. This was a daily ordinance.

7. Who was called Melchizedek, and why was he the Messiah?

8. Who were the priests in Israel, and what were their duties?

9 When they met Jesus, they believed that he was the Elder God who would lead mankind to worship God. (Heb. 8:1) At that time, Jesus sacrificed his life for mankind’s sins. His sacrifice was greater than the offerings of the priests of Israel. However, Jesus was the Elder God who would lead us to worship God. (Heb. 9:24) In God’s Kingdom, the 144,000 people who lived around him and his disciples would serve as elders and priests. (1 Peter 1:3, 4; 2:9) If they were to go to heaven, they would work together with God and Jesus to restore mankind to heaven and make the earth a paradise.

10 As we know, throughout the past, God sent priests to help people get closer to him. The different types of priests used to make the faithful Israelites realize that they needed to make a sacrifice. Jehovah will use priests throughout the Year of Christ’s Resurrection to help people realize that they will no longer need the service of priests. What else can we learn from this wonderful commandment, and how will it help us to love him more? Let’s see.

HOW DO WE FOLLOW GOD’S DIRECT INSTRUCTIONS?

11 The law shows that God wants to have a good relationship with his servants, and that there is no need to be a conflict between man and God.

9-10. Who will Jesus and His disciples serve as priests in the Last Days?

11. How does the priesthood system show that Jehovah wants to have a relationship with mankind?

22 EZINZALƐ ARANE

(2 Cor. 5:18) God wants us to come close to him in prayer, to have grace in his sight, to have a close relationship with him, and to live forever. (2 Cor. 5:18) God wants us to be close to him, not to be close to him, but to be close to him. This heavenly love of God is a way for us to come close to him and to have grace in his sight.

(1 John 2:1; see Hebrews 7:25.) What kind of questions would Jesus ask of you? Sometimes he would ask about where you live, how you feel, your situation, and the difficulties you face. Sometimes he would ask about your character, your behavior, and how faithful you are to Jehovah. Because Jesus knows what’s in your heart, he knows what makes you sinful and what makes you strive to do what is right. We can trust that a compassionate and willing God will respond to Jesus’ prayers. (Isaiah 86:5) Why should we do that? Because Jehovah’s Father appointed Jesus to be our leader and to pray for us.

13 The order of worship teaches us that we worship Jehovah by devoting ourselves to him in our hearts. —Read Hebrews 4:16.

12. How comforting is it that Jesus, our Father in heaven, prays for us? (Proverbs 7:25) (See picture.)

13. According to Hebrews 4:16, what additional blessing does the priesthood provide, and how does it help us?

Our Elders look at our good thoughts, our good deeds, the prayers we make to our sinners, and the efforts we make to do what is right. (Paragraph 12)

Because Jesus is the Father of God, we can express ourselves to God in prayer. God will be pleased to hear our voices in prayer. If we do so, he will be pleased to hear our voices and use ourselves for him. At some point, we’ll realize how much we’re speaking to him. Sometimes we’re very angry, but he knows what we’re talking about. (Proverbs 8:26) But God listens to us, he hears our voices, and he does what we say. He does not want us to believe that anything that hurts us can be brought to our loving and merciful heavenly Father.

14 God’s plan for the world shows us that he has prepared us for eternal life. (Isa. 33:11) The food offered on the altar paid for all the sins of God’s servants. (Heb. 7:19) But when those sacrifices were consumed, they realized that there was no better sacrifice than Jesus’. Jesus’ sacrifice paid for all their sins. He gave our loved ones the hope of eternal life. We would love it if God could make this arrangement so that we could live forever!—1 John 4:10.

15 The people whom Jehovah appoints to serve as priests in his Kingdom will show us that he loves us. Those who are appointed to serve him must be faithful to him beyond death. (Eph. 2:8; Heb. 2:10) If we know that we have been faithful to Jehovah, he will give us confidence that in the Final Year of Justice he will bring us back to his righteousness and make us free from sin. He will answer us for the sins we have committed. Jesus’ sacrifice will not make all this possible. Jesus and those with him in power will do these miraculous things to accomplish the full purpose of Jehovah for mankind and the earth.—Isaiah 22:1, 2.

16 Our Father, Jesus Christ, is not afflicted with all the troubles we face, because he also faced some of those troubles when he was on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) For example, do you feel like you’re in trouble? Jesus is in trouble too. (John 4:6.) Do floods and disasters afflict you? Jesus did. (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28.) Can your faith help you? Jesus did. (Acts 50:6; John 15:20.) Did a farmer die? Jesus’ brother Lazarus and his mother died as well as Philip. We can trust that Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior, will forgive us our sins and bring us forgiveness because He knows our circumstances.

17 For the hundred and forty-four thousand will not hearken unto the voice of the Lord, when he shall bring them into the kingdom of heaven: for when they were on earth, they also were corrupt and wicked in their hearts: and they were lustful, and thoughtful, and had foolish thoughts in their minds: and wherever they went, they were flesh and blood, when they came into the kingdom of heaven.

14. How does Jesus’ sacrifice show us that God has prepared eternal life for us?

15. How do the people whom Jehovah appoints to serve as priests in his Kingdom show that he respects them?

16. According to Hebrews 4:15, why is Jesus the ultimate Supreme Judge?

17. Why can we expect our neighbors to ignore our words and take us seriously?

24 EZINZALƐ ARANE

They lived in a wide variety of circumstances; in any case, it is estimated that more than 144,000 people lived in the same circumstances.

18 God’s plan for the world shows us that he is loving, merciful, compassionate, and forgiving. Satan is always trying to mislead us, but not God. (Ezek. 12:10) What does this mean for us? God’s plan for the world shows us that he loves us, that he loves us, and that he is willing to forgive us even if we do wrong.

19 Sometimes, we may feel that our sins are too great for us to tolerate. But the priesthood system shows us that Jehovah isn’t about us. He is about us. (Proverbs 103:14) However, he doesn’t focus on our sins, but on what we do and what we can do every day. If our sins and our sins are not in our hearts, we must say, “God is greater than our hearts, and he can do all things.”—1 John 3:20.

20 As we know, God created the priesthood so that we could serve him in the way he wanted us to serve him. God is close to us, but he created this special arrangement so that we could be close to him. This is how he wanted us to be. We want to do what Hebrews 4:16 tells us to do to receive this special gift. He says: “Let us therefore have confidence in the greatness of the love of God, that we may be comforted with the greatness of the love of God in the right time.”

18. What qualities of Jehovah do we learn from the priesthood, and how does this apply to us?

19. Why can we say that the priesthood system is Jehovah’s solution to our problems?

20. Why do we have this priesthood order, and what do we decide to do?

WHY DID THEY DO THIS?

■ How does the priesthood system enable people to serve God in the way he wants them to?

■ How did Jehovah employ priests in the Old Testament?

■ Why does the priesthood bring us closer to Jehovah?

EDITOR'S NOTES 16 Behind the Scenes

NOVEMBER 30–DECEMBER 6, 2026

STORY 22 The Kingdom Is Coming—Let It Come!

How can we overcome the many obstacles that Satan uses today?

Twe Ɛ Nwo Fi “Ewiade Sunsum” Ne Anwo

“Evidence is the knowledge of all things.”—1 JOHN 2:16.

(John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) The most powerful people in the world are the disciples of Christ. (Isaiah 12:12, 13, 17) However, wherever we are in the world, Satan is present. Even the Bible tells us that evil angels and demons have power, but Satan has many powerful angels under his command. (Isaiah 12:9) However, Satan’s worldly spirit is everywhere, and it is more powerful than many people could possibly be. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) If the people who are loyal to Satan were the people of the world, they would be Satan’s slaves. In a way, they would “do his will.”—2 Timothy 2:26.

2 At one time, many of us were under the influence of the world’s spirit. But when we learned what the world’s spirit is and who is its master, we took the Bible’s advice to “depart from the manners and habits of the world.” (Deuteronomy 2:11, 12) By following that advice, we can be sure that Jehovah will keep us safe despite the power of Satan and the many blessings he gives to us. (Gen. 4:7, 8) Indeed, if Jehovah knows that we are trying to depart from the world’s spirit, he will do us good!

(1 John 2:15, 16) 2-3. (a) What differences are there between Jehovah’s people and those who have lived with the “spirit of evidence” before? (b) What reasons do we have to be careful of?

26

One is to accept the spirit of the heavenly world to come to us (Appendix 5)

3 However, we must be aware that the world’s temptations and temptations can have a greater influence on us than we can easily discern. The eternal spirit has power over even those who were striving for the truth. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) In this article, we will look at what we need to do to do this. But let’s look at what the “eternal spirit” means.—1 Cor. 2:12.

DUZU A LE “EWIADE SUNSUM” NE?

4 The term “spiritual knowledge” used in the Bible refers to the attitudes and actions of those who worship God. Those who are influenced by the worldly spirits are ignorant, and they do not live according to Jehovah’s principles of life. For example, many people believe that there is no morality in their behaviour. They ‘do what the world does,’ not what the Father does.—1 Peter 4:3.

5 The eternal spirit is Satan’s most powerful means of tempting “all the people of the earth.” (Ezek. 12:9) The apostle Paul referred to this temptation as “our enemy.” (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) That enemy is the world spirit. Just as the world spirit does not succeed in tempting us, so does the world spirit not succeed in tempting us.

4. What is “spiritual knowledge,” and what qualities do people have today?

5. Which of the spirits of the world are the "lords"? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (Look at the picture.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

Let us consider some of the ways in which the spirit of the world influences our self-control and what we do without it.

DON'T GET OUT OF YOUR HOUSE

6 The Bible predicts that in the end times, people will be “unruly, uncoordinated, and unorganized.” (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Some of these traits are evident in today’s discourse. For example, there are reports that some people are being encouraged to go out and do things they don’t want to do, and there are many examples of self-indulgence, such as when elders and younger people go out and do things they don’t want to do.—Eph. 5:3, 4.

7 As Christians, we should set a good example to others when we talk to them or send them messages. (Gen. 1:26, 27) To help us know if we are speaking well or badly, we can ask ourselves: ‘If I get very angry, will I be angry if the person I’m talking to is not Jehovah’s Witness? Will I and my brothers and sisters make mistakes, be rude or rude? If I and my brother or sister talk to each other, will we do what I say? Will they take note of my speech?’

8 What should we do if we find that our speech is not appropriate? It’s not just the words we use that we should say. Jesus said: “Every thing that enters into a man’s mouth eats his heart, and these things are not good for a man’s soul.” (Matt. 15:18) Jesus was concerned about our speech. That’s why the Bible refers to it as “the spirit of anger,” which includes anger, fury, and wrath. (Eph. 4:31) If you feel that you need to make a change, ask Jehovah to help you adopt the “new spirit.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) But you can also search our books for words that will inspire you. Be determined not to let the spirit of the world corrupt your behavior and speech.—Eph. 4:29.

WE ARE THERE FOR YOU AND YOU ARE THERE FOR US

9 And we know that today many people ignore Jehovah’s principles of life. Many people are angry at school, at a man or a woman who commits adultery, and they are afraid that someone who has not done so may lead them to commit adultery. (Isaiah 5:20) If we do not, we will be afraid to do what is wrong again. (2 Corinthians 11:3) Even if we do, we may think that the Bible’s principles are better than the world’s. But it is not true! Jehovah’s ways are always good for us. They are better than man’s ways, and they are more humble.—Isaiah 55:21. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

6. How does the spirit of the world speak to people?

7. What questions should we ask ourselves in order to determine whether or not a speech is appropriate?

8. What should we do if we find ourselves speaking inappropriately? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. What do people in the world think about Jehovah’s own principles of life?

28 EZINZALƐ ARANE

10 Those who want to do what pleases Jehovah should do what he wants. (Isaiah 97:10) That is why we can ask ourselves: ‘Do I feel that Jehovah’s principles of life are more important to me than what I want? Do I feel that the things I do in my daily life are more important to me than what God wants me to do? Do I feel that God’s principles are more important to me than what he wants me to do?’

11 And if you want to do what God wants? You know that you will not go against God’s principles, but the mindset that can lead us to sin is common to all human beings. (Deuteronomy 51:5; 103:14) But we can be sure that if we do not have such a mindset, we will not succeed, rather we will follow “the habits of the flesh.” (Ephesians 2:3) But we should not be obsessed with evil desires. If we do not have evil desires, you and your mind will quickly turn away from the things that God wants. (Gen. 39:9, 12) Then think about how that mistake could ruin your relationship with Jehovah and others. Decide not to let the devil get into your life. (Eph. 5:5) With God’s help, you can avoid sin.

WHAT'S NEW ON THE INTERNET

12 The Internet does not enable many of us to engage in activities and practices that differ from our religious beliefs. However, many of the things we learn from the Internet are inspired by the spirit of the world. For example, pornography has become so widespread that children and adults alike access it simultaneously. Many people, both young and old, send pornographic images, videos, and messages to their friends. People also share sexually explicit messages on the Internet. Many people find the media to be a source of information about their lives. Instead, these texts and videos can make us feel like we have to spend a lot of time on ourselves and on other things if we don’t have time to worship Jehovah.—Hebrews 10:24, 25.

13 We need to be careful about things on the Internet that can spoil our time and mind. To do so, we need to ask ourselves: ‘How long do I spend on the Internet looking at things?’ (Eph. 5:15, 16) ‘What do I look for? If I see something wrong, should I turn away from it?’ (Proverbs 119:37) ‘Do I believe that everything I see on the Internet is true or false?’ —Proverbs 14:15.

14 If you want to stay away from the worldly spirits, you need to be careful when you use the Internet, and you need to be vigilant about how you use the media. (Eph. 6:4) Many believe that in the future, there will be a time when the world will be filled with false prophets and false prophetesses.

10. What questions should we ask ourselves in order to improve our understanding of what Jehovah wants?

11. How can we do what Jehovah wants us to do?

12. What things can we find on the Internet that are inspired by the spirit of the world?

13. What questions should we ask ourselves in order to understand how we use the Internet?

14. What can we do to avoid unnecessary problems on the Internet?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

We are more likely to be exposed to the media than those who do not. If we apply the Bible principles to our lives, we are less likely to face problems on the Internet.

EBAHOLA NAWALI KONIM!

15 If you feel that the worldly spirit is overpowering you, do something about it. For example, consider the story of Gloria, who learned the truth when she was a child, but was overwhelmed by self-interest and money. She said: “I wanted to be a good teacher. That’s why I studied, and then I decided to become a Jehovah’s Witness again.” After some time, Gloria realized that the worldly spirit was overpowering her to achieve those goals. What did she do? She said: “I spent a lot of time studying and praying about myself. And I thought about myself and the relationship I had with Jehovah. Although I had a lot of money, I didn’t give it away because Jehovah gave me good things.

* Follow some traditions.

15. What can we learn from Gloria’s story? (See picture.)

What can you do to protect yourself from the spirits of the world? (Appendix 15)

30 EZINZALƐ ARANE

I’m glad that it’s Jehovah who is turning my way today and not Satan.”

16 And Robert looked back on his life. He was so overjoyed and excited that he started smoking cigarettes and drinking wine with his male friends. He thought he was just a fan of what he was doing. But then he realized that he wasn’t a fan, but an enemy of the world. (2 Peter 2:19) What did he do? Robert said: “I began to get in touch with those who worship Jehovah. I made changes in my life, in my manner of worshipping, in my attitudes, and in my manner of speaking.” Robert would have made every day a day of doing things that pleased Jehovah. His life would have changed completely. This caused him to get very upset.

16. What can we learn from Robert’s example?

17 What do we learn from this story? It shows us that we need to keep ourselves from the spirits of the world. One way to do this is to improve our speech, our behaviour, and our attention span when we use the Internet. We need to keep ourselves from the spirits of the world, but not our hearts. You can overcome them because Jehovah is in power over Satan and his world. (Read 1 John 4:4.) Finally, Jehovah’s holy power over the world of the end will help you overcome the world. (Luke 11:13) Let us all make the determination to let God ‘do his will in our ways’ and to resist the spirits of the world!—Galatians 5:16.

17. What is the best way to overcome the spirits of the world? (1 John 4:4)

TO DO SO, WE HAVE TO ATTACH THE “EWIADE SUNSUM” TO:

■ What about the speech?

■ What about the things that Jehovah likes?

■ When do we use the Internet?

CHAPTER 124 The Truth Is Here

THE FOUR SEASONS IN WHICH GOD HAS BELIEVED THE WORSHIP OF HIS CHILDREN

September 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 10 NZEMA

OUR MAGAZINE HERE YOU ARE

What We’ll Study November 2-8 | 2 Days A Week Jehovah’s Helping Hands

What We’ll Study November 9-15 | 8 Ways to Become “The One You Want”

What We’ll Study November 16-22 | 14 Interpreting the Bible in Different Languages

What We’ll Study November 23–29 | 20 God’s Messages That Will Make You Love Him

What We’ll Study November 30–December 6 | 26 Twe E Nwo Fi “Ewiade Sunsum” Ne Anwo

BAEBOLO NANU EDWƐKƐ BIE

“Let the Compassion of Christ Exhibit What It Ought to Exhibit”

Colossians 3:15 refers to “Celasian patience.” What does “Celasian patience” mean? It means the patience that a person has in his heart because he is a disciple of Christ. This patience is given to us when we have the proof that we are loved by Jehovah and his Father.—John 14:23, 27.

The apostle Paul urged Christians in the Colossians to let Christ’s patience guide them in what they should do or what they should not do. What did that mean? Paul’s use of the Greek word “patience” to refer to what they should do and how they referred to a person who was unwilling to do what they were told to do is the same. That is, since the word “unwilling” refers to what the person is unwilling to do, it is necessary for us to have “Celasian patience” to guide us in what we should do.

For example, if we are discussing a dispute with our spouse, we need to let “Kelasian patience” guide us, and then let it be the judge of what we are going to do to stay in peace and harmony. In order to do this, we don’t have to use the things we eat to punish others or to forgive them for their sins. By doing so, we can bring “Kelasian patience” into our hearts as we should.—Colossians 3:12-14.

This booklet is a donation to the Worldwide Bible Study Foundation, a charitable organization that helps people who are struggling financially. If you would like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

For a more detailed description of the Scripture, see Scripture Conversation—The Truth of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website or click on this icon.

JW.ORG

w26.09-NZ