JANUARY 2026

ANNOUNCEMENT

THE LORD IS WITH YOU

AFE 2026 AFE ASSET:

“It is those who know that they need God’s promise.”—MATTH. 5:3.

ADESUA NSƐM: MARCH 2-APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

DWOM 97

Nkwa Gyina Bible no So

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

We will look at what we need to do to make Jehovah pleased with us so that we can be satisfied.

May God Come and Show You the Way

AFE 2026 AFE ASSET:

“It is those who know that they need God’s promise.”—MATTH. 5:3.

GOD wants us to know that there are certain things that, if we don’t do them, we won’t be able to enjoy salvation. Some of these things are what we want, what we promise, and where we spend our time. If we don’t do any of these things, it can cause our salvation to fail, or it can even cause us to lose our salvation. If we don’t do the things that people need today, we need something else, and that is God’s promise. (Read Matthew 5:3.) If we want to be happy, we need to start by believing that we need God’s promise and putting ourselves into it.

² The Greek word that we translate as “those who are supposed to be in need of God’s blessing” is meant to mean someone who is in need of the things he wants to eat. Behold, a man is in need of food; he is in need of clothing; he is in need of clothing; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need of all his strength; he is in need He believes that God has created the universe, and that all things are created by God, and that all things are created by God, and that all things are created by God, and that all things are created by God, and that all things are created by God, and that all things are created by God, and that all things are created by God, and that all things are created by God, and that all things are created by God, and that all things are created by God, and that all things are created by God.

³ In this case, the Phoenician who called Jesus his Savior, let us look at what we can learn from him.

1. What does Jehovah think people need? (Matthew 5:3)

2. When we say that a person “feels that he needs God’s commandment,” what example can we use?

3. What will be discussed in this chapter?

2

The Phoenician took him in, went to Jesus and asked him to be his disciple, and he believed in Jesus (See paragraph 5)

This statement will help us understand that there is a certain percentage of those who feel they need God’s promise that they should have. Then we will look at what we can learn from the apostles Peter, Paul, and King David, all of whom were promised by God.

SUA BIRIBI FI NEA FOINIKENI BEA NO YƐE NO MU

4 Once, a Phoenician came to Jesus, who was “a man of good character and a man of faith.” (Matt. 15:21-28) So he called Jesus his “father.” Let’s look at some of the things that his father did at that time that we can learn from.

5 And the Phoenician took him to himself. Why did he do so? For when Jesus set him over the multitude, he was afflicted. And the multitude helped them to take hold of the Jews. And you, if you set Jesus over the multitude, what would you do? Would you say that Jesus would follow you because you needed your beasts to follow him? And the Phoenician did so. And he made himself close to him. And when the day came, he did another thing. He went and asked Jesus to take him, and gave him food. Why did he do this? Because of his faith in Jesus. Indeed, Jesus saw that his servant had great faith, and he encouraged him to help him. Though Jesus said that “Israel is the flock of the lost” because it was true, Jesus took the guilt from his son’s belly and gave it to him.

6 If we want to be guided by God, we must follow the example of the Phoenicians. Therefore, let us be patient and pray to God for guidance, and let Jesus Christ and those whom he has appointed guide us.

4. What did a Phoenician believe Jesus did for him?

5. What did Jesus do to his servant, and why? (See also the footnote.)

6. What do we learn from the story of the Phoenicians?

JANUARY 2026 3

(Matt. 24:45-47) If we have faith in Jehovah and Jesus, if we take care of ourselves, and if we seek their help, both God and Jesus will be pleased with us. They will help us and guide us. (See James 1:5-7.) Now, let’s look at what we can learn from the apostles Peter, Paul, and King David. We will learn how Jehovah guides us and helps us, and what we can do to help us follow that plan.

SUASUA PETRO—SUA ONYANKOPƆN ASÈM NO YIYE

6:66-68) When Jesus came to earth, he entrusted Peter with the task of “bringing forth the word of the covenant,” or the spiritual gifts, to his people. (John 21:17) Peter did exactly what Jesus directed him to do: “Let your sheep and your goats go forth for the gifts.” (John 21:17) It was God who sent Peter to write the two following letters about the Bible. In the end, it was necessary for Peter himself to be a spiritual person, or to know God’s Word. So the letter that God sent to the apostle Paul made Peter repent. (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) Peter was impressed by Paul’s writings, and he went on to study them. He believed that God would help him to understand and put into practice the “many things that are true” that he had written to Paul in his letters. —Read Hebrews 5:14–6:1.

7. What task did Jesus assign to Peter, and what was he supposed to do? (Hebrews 5:14–6:1)

8 And it came to pass, when Peter was in Joppa, that he was in an anguish, and an angel of God said unto him, Behold, the beast which Moses commanded his sons to eat is dead: and he was greatly troubled, because he was a Jew, and because all his brethren knew the word of the angel. 9 And the angel of God said unto him, Behold, the beast which Moses commanded his sons to eat is dead, and the beast which Moses commanded his sons to eat is dead. And he was greatly troubled, because he was a Jew, and because all his brethren knew the word of the angel. So when the angel said that, Peter said: “Behold, Lord, for I have eaten all that is precious and all that is worthwhile.” Then the angel said to him: “The things that God has done seem to be precious.” (Acts 10:9-15) Then Peter took the angel’s word to heart, and he reflected. What should we do? As he went out of the anisoadechu, some men came to him. They told him that their master, Cornelius, was seeking them to call him to him, and that he wanted to be his servant. In other words, Peter was not supposed to go to a non-Jewish country, because the Jews considered those who were Jews to be their precious things. (Acts 10:28, 29) But when Jehovah gave Peter the new commandment, he immediately turned to God. (Acts 4:18) So he told Cornelius and his disciples the good news, and they believed in Jesus, received the holy spirit, and became aware.—Acts 10:44-48.

9 As Peter did, so should we choose the truth of the word of God that is in the flesh. Whether it is the gift of the spirit that is in the flesh, or the truth that is in the flesh,

8. When Jehovah sent his angels to give Peter the new commandment, what did he do?

9. In what two ways does our devotion to God’s love for us help us?

4 SEPTEMBER

How will that help us? In fact, it will help us in two ways: First, it will help us to follow Jehovah more closely, and it will help us to show great love and appreciation for him. Second, it will encourage us to share the good news of our Father’s goodness with others. (Rom. 11:33; Heb. 4:11) We can learn something else from Peter’s words: When we learn something new about God’s Word, we should be quick to put it into practice. If we do this, Jehovah will show us how to live faithfully.

SUASUA PAUL—HYƐ SUBAN FOFORO NO

10 Another way in which Jehovah shows us that he cares about us is by showing us what kind of obedience he wants us to show. That is, by obeying “the old deed” and obeying “the new deed,” as the apostle Paul said. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) The new obedience that we can show is a matter of time and effort. For example, the apostle Paul, who was an apostate, tried to do what pleased God. (Gal. 1:14; Philippians 3:4, 5) He felt that God’s grace was so great that it would allow him to do what he wanted him to do. Moreover, he had no knowledge of Christ’s teachings, and he was an atheist, which made him “ungodly.” Therefore, his submission was completely unpleasant to God.—1 Tim. 1:13.

10. According to Colossians 3:8-10, what should we do to please Jehovah?

11 When Paul became a Christian, it was obvious that he wanted to do so. The Acts of the Apostles show that it was Paul himself who wanted Jesus’ disciples to be “in his mind,” and he wanted to “destroy them.” (Acts 9:1) So when he became a Christian, it was clear that he was very determined to obey that decree. (Eph. 4:22, 31) At one point, however, Paul and Barnabas were too worried about something, and they refused to obey “the decree that was to come.” (Acts 15:37-39) At this point, Paul’s determination to obey the decree was stronger than ever, but he did not give up. He went on to “borrow his body,” that is, he was very determined to obey the decree in order to please Jehovah.—1 Cor. 9:27.

12 Paul was willing to take the burden that he was facing off his shoulders and put it on the other one, because he was afraid that he would lose his strength. (Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul was willing to put his strength on “the power that is from God.” (1 Pet. 4:11) After all, there were times when Paul felt powerless. When he did so, he focused on the little things his Father was doing for him, and that made him more determined to do what pleased Jehovah.—Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Whether or not we want to be faithful to Jehovah, we need to trust that we will obey our suban dedaw and follow the other suban dedaw. That is, we need to take what Jehovah teaches to heart. If we do so, we will be following Paul. Although some suban dedaw may be easy to follow, we may find ourselves struggling to follow it.

11. What was Paul supposed to be concerned about? In Scripture.

12. What motivated Paul to take the clothes he was wearing off?

13. How can we follow Paul?

JANUARY 2026 5

We need to study God’s Word carefully, listen to other people’s advice, and let Jehovah take care of us. (See paragraph 18.)

(Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) When we do so, we should remember the following: “If there is something that is wrong with us, let us do something about it before we impose it on someone else.” However, if we can impose it on someone else, let us instead impose it on ourselves, and let us use Jehovah’s promises to please him.

SUASUA DAWID—WHAT GOD DID FOR HIM

14 We often think that if we want to be saved, we need to follow God’s Word and teach the other faiths. But that’s not the case; we need God’s mercy as well. So, what do we need to do to be saved, and what do we need to do to be saved?

14-15. How does Jehovah use his power to help his people today? (Proverbs 27:5) (See also the articles in this issue.)

15 King David was very concerned that even in evil circumstances, Jehovah would punish him. (Read Psalm 27:5.) How does Jehovah punish us today? He does not punish anyone or anything that could destroy our faith. Therefore, we are warned that whatever attempt they make to punish us will be unsuccessful. (Deut. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Yes, Satan and his followers are powerful, but they cannot defeat us forever. If they do, Jehovah will save us. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Heb. 21:3, 4) Moreover, when we are overwhelmed by our father, Jehovah will make us stand up, so that we will be able to break our relationship with him. (Proverbs 12:25; Matthew 6:27-29) In the end, he will bring many brothers and sisters and elders to help us. (Isaiah 32:1, 2) In addition, when we go to the church, Jehovah will show us the good things we can do that will make us feel good about ourselves.—Hebrews 10:24, 25.

6 SEPTEMBER

16 Whenever David prayed to Jehovah, he helped him to keep the tree standing, and that made David angry. Therefore, God used this technique to turn him away. (See Proverbs 5:1, 2.) However, when David broke Jehovah’s commandment, the consequence was that God turned him away from him. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) At other times, people would come to David’s house and trust his servants. In such cases, David prayed to Jehovah with all his heart. What did God do to turn him away? He comforted David and assured him that he loved him and would take care of him.—Deut. 23:1-6.

17 When we pray to seek Jehovah’s guidance to make a decision, we are following the example of David. However, we should remember that if we oppose Jehovah and make a bad decision, we may be tempted by faith, and God will take us out of trouble. (Gal. 6:7, 8) Furthermore, if we show faith, we can speak our hearts to Jehovah, and we can be sure that he will control our minds and hearts.—Philip. 4:6, 7.

16. What did Jehovah do to remove David from power?

17. How can we follow David?

MA ONYANKOPOUN NKƆ SO NKYERƐ WO KWAN

18 The year 2026 prophecy says, “Those who know that they need God’s guidance are the ones who need God’s guidance.” How do you know that this prophecy is true? Why do we say this? It is obvious that many people today don’t know that they need God’s guidance. Some believe in God, but they follow the rules or the guidance of men. That’s why they don’t care. We need to follow them. So, what should we do? We need to study God’s Word carefully, give attention to the other guidance, and ask Jehovah to guide us.

18. So, what is it that many people do not like, and what should we do to get Jehovah’s favor? (See also the footnote.)

LET’S LOOK AT THE FOLLOWING STORY: A young woman believes that Jehovah is taking care of her, so she meets her fellow Christians on the road. Paragraph 6: This young woman reads the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures. She uses her self-esteem to show others that she believes in the New Testament, and she is encouraged and encouraged by the elders in her congregation. Everything indicates that Jehovah is giving her the right guidance.

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ How can we follow Peter and listen closely to God’s Word?

■ How can we follow Paul in obeying the new submission?

■ How can we make Jehovah look down on us like David did?

DWOM 162

His Words Are My Word

MARCH 9-15, 2026

DWOM 45

Me Komam Nsusuwii

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

What we do when we are saddened or distressed.

What You Can Do If You Have Anxiety or Anxiety Disorders

“My word is gentleness!”—ROM. 7:24.

When you hear the name of the Apostle Paul, what do you think? You might say that he was a great philosopher, a great teacher, or the author of many of the Bible’s books. You might say that he was just like us, so sometimes he was sad, overwhelmed, or overconfident.

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. When we look at Paul’s letter to the Romans, we see that he sometimes felt that he was saying something that many of us might feel. Although he loved God and wanted to do His will, his sinfulness made it difficult for him to do what was pleasing to God at all times. At that time, the sin he had committed had taken over his power. He also had a feeling of guilt that caused him to grieve.

3 Paul’s grief was that he sometimes felt sad or angry because of past sins, but he did not respond to the message of concern. In this chapter, we will answer the following questions: Why did Paul sometimes feel that his words were “compassionate”? What did Paul do to respond to the message of concern when he felt sad or angry? What can we do when we feel sad or angry?

* ASSESSMENT OF THE PROBLEM: In this case, we are talking about people who are sometimes sad or upset, not those who have a mental disorder that should see a doctor.

1-2. So, what did the Apostle Paul experience, and how can what he experienced help us? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What questions will be answered in this chapter? (See also “A Study in Scarlet.”)

8

WHAT DID PAUL DO WHEN HOW WAS HIS FATHER?

4 When Paul became a Christian, he committed many evil deeds, and later became proud of them. His name at that time was Saul. One of the things he did was to try to get Stephen put to death, and all those who were trying to put him to death took his heart away. (Acts 7:58; 8:1) By that time, he had abandoned the customs of Christianity at that time, and he was no longer a member of the church.—Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

5 When the apostle Paul became a Christian, there were times when he was overwhelmed by the evil that had been committed in the past. The bebreve he put on Christians made him feel that it made him feel bad. For example, when he wrote his first letter to the Corinthians in A.D. 55, he said: “I hate to be called an apostle, for I hate the church of God.” (1 Cor. 15:9) Several years later, when he wrote to the Ephesians, he said that “of all the ungodly, he must be the most ungodly.” (Eph. 3:8) When Paul wrote to Timothy, he said: “I have spoken evil, I have deceived people, and I have become ungodly.” (1 Tim. 1:13) Consider Paul’s visit to a congregation where he visited one of his deceived brothers or relatives. Did you think that it might have been of great benefit to him?

6 Anxiety. There was another thing that bothered Paul greatly; he called it “anxiety.” (2 Cor. 12:7) Although Paul didn’t like the smell of anxiety, the language he used indicated that it was something that bothered him greatly. It might have been an illness or anxiety that the brain was trying to control.*

(Read Romans 7:18, 19.) Although he wanted to do what was right, his sinful nature made him feel guilty. He realized that sometimes he did not do what he wanted to do, but did what he didn’t want to do. After all, he was determined to do what was right. (1 Cor. 9:27) So, if he had tried to do something wrong, it would have been much harder for him to do it.

WHAT HAPPENED WHEN PAUL HOW LET HIS FATHER SEE HIM, AND WHAT DID HE DO ABOUT THAT?

8 How God’s spirit could help Paul and his fellow Christians to overcome their fears and doubts was something that he looked forward to. His letters show that he did. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul also talked about the evil desires that a Christian should not have. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) We can see that Paul looked forward to how he could overcome his doubts. So he looked at the Scriptures to find inspiration for what he needed to do, and how he could do it. We can see that Paul’s inspiration was inspired by God.

4. What angered Paul?

5. What did Paul feel about the situation he was facing?

6. What other things were of great concern to Paul? (See also above.)

(Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or else, it was what the elders thought about him that made them worry about him. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) We know how much Paul was upset, but we also know that he was comforted by what he heard.

7. Why did Paul sometimes feel the need to do what was right? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What does Paul’s letter tell us about what he did in his distress?

JANUARY 2026 9

the work that he did for others, he also did for himself.

9 Although Paul sometimes felt that he was overpowered, there were things that made him sad. One of them was that he was encouraged by some of the things that were happening in his congregations when his fellow preachers were publishing articles about them. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) The friendship he had with his fellow Christians also made him sad. (2 Tim. 1:4) Another thing that made him sad was the fact that he was one of Jehovah’s fellow Christians, and that he wanted to give “all his heart” to Jehovah. (2 Tim. 1:3) Even when Paul was imprisoned in Rome, he urged his fellow Christians to “be strong in the Lord.” (Phil. 4:4) Looking at Paul’s words, it is clear that he wasn’t worried about his family. We can see that if Paul felt that he was worrying about his family, he quickly turned his attention to things that would make him happy.

10 According to Paul, another motivation for him was to look forward to the redemption. He knew that it was because God loved him that he had given his Son to die for him. (Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) Therefore, he was eager that God would make atonement for his sins through the sacrifice of Jesus. (Rom. 7:24, 25) After all the hardships and sins Paul had endured, he was eager to give “the crown of his head” to God.—Heb. 9:12-14.

11 Like Paul, we may be trying to please Jehovah in what we eat, do, and say, but we’re not doing it. So let’s look at ourselves and say, “My words are gentle!” A young woman named Eliza, who is in her 20s, said: “If I follow Paul’s words, it helps me a lot. I feel like I’m doing the right thing; as much as I need to do the right thing, she needs to do the right thing too. She tells me that Jehovah knows what his people want.” Paul was very concerned, and when he was very concerned, he was angry. What can we do to follow him?

IF YOUR DEAD FATHER WAS A BAD FATHER, WHAT WILL YOU DO?

12 Do things that please Jehovah. When we do things that please Jehovah, we are pleased. What we do that pleases Jehovah can match what we do that makes us feel good. When we do things that please Jehovah, we feel good about ourselves. When we do things that please Jehovah, we feel good about ourselves. When we do things that please Jehovah, we feel good about ourselves. For example, when we read God’s Word, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully before we go to church, and when we go to church, we study it carefully. If we do so, it will help us to focus on the things that matter and not on the things that take up our attention.—Romans 12:11, 12.

13 Let us take the example of John, who was told by the doctor that he had a cancer of the lungs. At that time he was 13 years old.

* This is a preliminary estimate.

9-10. If Paul had thought about it, how did it help him to feel better? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also the footnote.)

11. Why can Paul’s words help us?

12. How does doing things that make us love Jehovah help us?

13-14. How do things we do that inspire our brothers to love Jehovah help them?

10 SEPTEMBER

Paul’s past sins were too great for him to endure, but he trusted in the redemption, and it helped him to heal.

(See paragraphs 9-10)

13 When John learned that his father was sick, he said to himself, “My son, how can you be so ill as I am?” His son was only eighteen years old at the time. How did that help John? He said to his parents: “The disease made me very sad, but I knew that the things we did for Jehovah’s sake were good for me and my family. So we went to church every day, went to court every day, and we were a family. If it were too bad, we would be sorry.” John looked at him and said, “If we told you that you were suffering from such a disease, you would be very sad.” But afterward I knew that the LORD was with thee, and that he would strengthen thee: and as the LORD strengthened me, so will he strengthen thee.

14 Eliza, who has a disability, says: “When I go to the church, what I see, or what I hear, tells me that Jehovah cares about me, and that he loves me greatly.

For example, Nolan, a volunteer in Africa, says that what helps her wife Diane is: “When we’re confident in what we’re doing in Jehovah’s name, we do it. When we do it, it shows that we’re God’s chosen ones and that he wants us to be happy. We try to say that he’ll help us and bless us; we don’t know how he’ll do it, but we know he’ll do it.”

15 We learn that if our hearts and souls are troubled, things that we do for Jehovah’s sake should be done. If the day comes, you may need to talk about something else. If you want us to follow you, let us do it. If you don’t like it every day, it may help. If you feel the pain is too much, you may need to talk about something else. If you can find something that makes you feel better, you may need to do something else.

15. What should we do when we are saddened or angry? Use a parable to illustrate this.

JANUARY 2024 11

If your father is overwhelmed, look for some good advice that will help you overcome it (See paragraph 17)

Sometimes, we need to talk to someone who knows us well and who can help us. Let’s take a look at some other things that can help us. For example, we may need to talk to someone who knows us well and who can help us. Let’s take a look at some of the things that we can do to help ourselves.

16 It is the will of Jehovah that your elder should know what causes you to feel sad or angry. King David knew that God liked him, so he asked Jehovah to help him understand what made him feel “sad” and what you could do about it. (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You can ask Jehovah to help you understand what makes you feel sad or angry, and what you can do about it. You can also ask yourself: ‘What makes me sad? What causes me to feel angry? If what makes me sad makes me angry, why should I be so angry?’

17 Find out what will help you stay on your feet. Jehovah’s promises, of course, will help you to stay on your feet. As the Apostle Paul did, he looked to the redemption and to Jehovah’s mercy, and it helped him greatly. You can do the same. You can learn more about God’s mercy, mercy, and unconditional love. You can get the book Jehovah’s Witnesses Do Research, Watch Tower Publications

16. If your father is watching you, how will he help you to know what to do? (Proverbs 139:1-4, 23, 24)

17. What can you do to help yourself focus on things that will help you? (See also the footnote.)

12 SEPTEMBER

Do this in the Index or any of our other books available in your language. Anything you know that will help you, write it down there. Every parenting you know, write it down. Then, go from where you learned it, and whenever your father calls on you, follow an example. Everything you learn, try to put into practice.—Philippians 4:8.

18 An elderly woman named Eliza went on to comment on Job, saying: “I also encountered a man like Job on the road. The man he encountered was a great man, and he knew everywhere he went. In all things he was devoted to Jehovah.” (Job 42:1-6) An elderly woman named Diane said: “My wife and I read the book Jehovah’s Witnesses. Just as a man changes his skin to make it more pleasing, so do we feel that Jehovah is changing us to make it more pleasing. Therefore, when we have troubles, we should not focus on that, but on the fact that Jehovah made us human beings. We will not be born of their idols.”—Isaiah 64:8.

18. What should Christians be aware of?

NYA AWERƐHYEM SƐ MERE PA BƐBA

19 If we do all of the things we discuss in these chapters, we don’t have to expect that the sorrow or anguish that we feel will disappear. The assurance is that, although it will certainly happen, the things that cause the anguish will help us to focus our attention on other things. So we can rest assured that we will find a way to focus on God.

20 Let us do everything we can to prevent our past sins, our past habits, or our past sins from taking hold of us. Let us have the confidence that Jehovah will help us and give us justice. (Deuteronomy 143:10) One day, both our past habits and our past habits will be gone. At that time, when we wake up, we will be able to take pride in ourselves. Let us rejoice in Jehovah our God, who loves us!

19. What should we not expect, but what assurance can we have?

20. What do you want to do?

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

Why did Paul sometimes think that his words were gentle?

It is true that Paul was sometimes overwhelmed, but how did that help him to put his faith in Jehovah first?

What can we do when we are saddened or distressed?

DWOM 34 Maintain Mode

MARCH 16-22, 2026

DWOM 20

Wode Wo Dōbu no Maa Yon

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

How the atonement can restore us to sinlessness, how it can restore us to the desire to go to heaven, and how it can help us to be more dear to God.

14

Nea Enti and Yehia Agyede No

“Who will deliver me from the hand of the body that I am going to die for?” —ROMANS 7:24.

We have told him that there is a man who is in trouble, and he looks at the man who is in trouble, but he doesn’t care. Look, what can he do? The only thing he can do is to think that the man is in trouble.

2 Each of us has a part to play in bringing sin upon us. Why do we say that? It is obvious that when Adam transgressed Jehovah, he became a sinner. Later on, he carried his sin on to all his children. Therefore, the sin which appears to be the cause of sin has come upon all of us, and we cannot be saved. In his letter to the Romans, the apostle Paul said that sin has made us all ‘weak.’ (Read Romans 7:22-24.) Since Paul was born of Adam, the result of sin has been death. (Rom. 6:23) So he asked, “Who will deliver me from the hand of the body that I am going to die for?” We, too, wear the same cloth, so we need a protector.

3 When Paul asked, “Who will deliver me from the hand of the body that leads me to this death?”, did he mean that his anger was on? Yes. Of course, when he answered that question, he said, “Let the Lord Jesus Christ make us like God!” (Rom. 7:25) What Paul meant to say is that Jehovah saved us through Jesus’ redemptive sacrifice.* Because of the redemptive sacrifice, (1) we—

* RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THESE SECTIONS: Redemption is something that is taken from one’s own account. The sacrifice of Jesus is also redemption, because he took away the slavery of sin and death from mankind.

1-2. Why do we need a guardian? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also the following verse.)

3. What can we learn from the trial?

Just as the wind blows on this man who wants to escape, so do we, like the one who wants to escape the wind, but cannot escape the wind, so we need the wind.

(See paragraphs 1-2)

(1) We can be afraid of sin, (2) we can be afraid of going to prison, and (3) we can be afraid of being Jehovah’s people. If we consider these things in this way, our love for Jehovah will grow, because he is “the God who is afraid.” (Rom. 15:13) Moreover, our affection for Jesus, who is “the one who looks down on us,” will make our relationship with him stronger.—Col. 1:14.

AGYEDE NO MA YENYA BOUNEFAKYƐ

4 He needed the redemption so that Jehovah could make atonement for our sins. We are all sinful in our language and in our manners. (Read Proverbs 7:20.) We do one thing wrong. According to the law of Moses, if someone offends or abuses another, he should be punished. (Lev. 20:10; Num. 35:30, 31) If there is an evil thing, we don’t feel it. In all, every evil thing is evil. For example, the prophet David said: “I have looked carefully at my face, and I have turned away from doing evil.” (Deut. 39:1) That means that even what we say can be evil.—James 3:2.

5 Did you ever say something or do something about yourself? We want each one of us to do something like that. The Bible says: “If we say, ‘The Son is in us,’ we deceive ourselves, and the truth is in us.”—1 John 1:8.

6 Because Jehovah’s judgment is just, he has to do something to make up for our sins. Therefore, the redemption is what Jehovah uses to make up for our sins. (Eph. 1:7) This does not mean that if we are wicked, he will not allow us to be wicked. Jehovah does not want us to be wicked.—Isaiah 59:2.

7 According to the law of Moses, if the Israelites were guilty of sin, they had to make atonement for their sins by offering animals. (Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) Such offerings were in addition to the great sacrifice that Jesus was about to make, which would bring great blessings to all of us. That is why Jehovah turned to us to make atonement for our sins. Paul knew this.

4-5. Why does each of us need the redemption? (Proverbs 7:20)

6-7. What does Jehovah rely on to forgive our sins? (See also the footnote.)

JANUARY 2026 15

In his letter to the Christians in Corinth, Paul spoke of the significance of Jesus’ sacrifice. When he referred to the wrongdoing of the Gentiles, he said to them: “Let them be overcome for your sake; let them be subdued; let them be made righteous in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the spirit of our God.”—1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 As you prepare for this year’s Pentecost, you may want to think about how Jehovah’s forgiveness is helping you. For example, if your past sins have not been forgiven because of your redemption, you may feel that it’s hard for you to believe that Jehovah will forgive you. In this case, you may even say to yourself, ‘I hoped that Jehovah could forgive me, but I feel like I’m wrong.’ If so, we encourage you to share this truth: Jehovah forgave me, and Jesus has the power to judge me. The Bible says: “If we have faith in him, as [Jehovah] himself has faith in him,... and in the blood of his Son Jesus, we are cleansed from all sin.” (1 John 1:6, 7) As we believe in other Bible teachings, we should do the same. Because of our faith, God can forgive us our sins. The Bible says that God is “great in forgiveness.”—Deuteronomy 86:5.

AGYEDE NO MA YENYA ANIDASO SƐ YEBETUMI AKƆ PƐYƐ MU

9 When the Bible uses the word “evil,” it does not mean evil in itself, but it also refers to the sin that has made us evil. (See Psalm 51:5.) The sin that is in us is not evil in itself that makes us do evil, but it is evil in itself that causes us to suffer, to be ashamed, and to be angry.

8. What can you do to attend this year’s Christmas Eve?

9. If the Bible is wrong, what does it mean? (Proverbs 51:5 is a reference)

The sacrifices were a reflection of Jesus’ imminent sacrifice and of the blessings that would be granted to his followers. (See paragraphs 6-7.)

16 SEPTEMBER

Because of this sin, whether we are fathers or creatures, we all know that we are born again. The truth is that, because of the sin that we have inherited from Adam, we are all creatures.

10 Consider what happened to Adam and Eve when they sinned. When they broke God’s law, which was “written in their hearts,” they became very angry. (Rom. 2:15) They felt that something was wrong with them. So they thought that they should cut off their legs and throw themselves to the ground so that their God would be pleased with them. (Gen. 3:7, 8) Their angry feelings made them confused, and they felt that they were ill, and that their hearts were dying. In all their efforts, something like that took them away. The place they went to, whether they wanted it or not, would keep them from dying. —Gen. 3:16-19.

11 Just as Adam and Eve did, so do we today because of our sins. We are responsible for all the sins we commit and for all the faiths we have. We may try to make ourselves look good, but what we do is not good enough. Why? The Bible says that we are “made to look good.” (Rom. 8:20) This applies to the earth and to people all over the world. For example, today, people are doing everything they can to destroy the earth, to resist the temptation of evil, to keep the earth in order, and to keep the earth in order. All their efforts are as if they were going down a staircase. But, because of the redemption, there is peace.

12 We should not be afraid that “people themselves... will have their share of the fruits of the earth.” (Rom. 8:21) In other words, as we enter God’s new world, we will not only face disease, persecution, and injustice, but we will also be deprived of our wealth, and poverty will prevail. Instead, our efforts to look after the earth and live in peace on it will fail. Why? Because Jesus Christ, who is “the Son of God,” and who promised his redemption for us, will take care of us.—Isa. 9:6, 7.

13 If there is evil and sin, consider how it will affect you. Each morning when you wake up, take responsibility for yourself; whatever you and your fellow believers have done will be your responsibility, and you will decide whether you have done well or badly. “That fear that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a stingray’s, that is like a Indeed, you can rest assured that Jehovah will bless you, because he is “the protector of those whose eyes seek him.” (Heb. 11:6) The redemption is the reason why you have the courage and confidence to do what is right.

10. When Adam and Eve sinned, what happened to them?

11. How does our sin affect us?

12. What is the purpose of the redemption?

13. What can you think about before you go to this year’s Pentecost?

JANUARY 2026 17

It was Jesus’ sacrifice that made it possible for Jehovah to make atonement for our sins and establish a close relationship with us. (See paragraph 16.)

AGYEDE NO YEBETUMI NE ONYANKOPƆN AFA ADAMFO

14 Since Adam and Eve sinned, the relationship between man and God has been severed. The Bible says that all relationships with their God will be destroyed. (Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because of the sinful nature of Jehovah and all his creatures, he can’t tolerate sin. The Bible says of Jehovah: “Your spirit is holy enough to see what is right, and you are willing to see what is wrong.” (Heb. 1:13) Therefore, sin becomes a huge barrier between us and God. Each of us has a desire to break the barrier and go to God. The desire becomes the barrier.

15 The Bible says that Jesus is “the atoning sacrifice for our sins.” (1 John 2:2) The Greek word for “the atoning sacrifice” refers to something that is done to make peace between people. How did Jesus’ sacrifice make peace between people and Jehovah? We need to remember that Jesus became God. Indeed, it was necessary so that God could comply with his own law of justice. Jesus’ sacrifice made God feel the pain of what would bring peace between us and him. (Rom. 3:23-26) Therefore, even those who trusted in Jehovah before Christ came, Jehovah can “recover” their righteous ones. (Gen. 15:1, 6) In what way? It is obvious that Jehovah knows that whatever happens, Jesus will be the redeemer. (Isa. 46:10) Because of that knowledge, we can see that God is the only one who is righteous.

16 Because your relationship with God is important, look at the joy you feel. For example, perhaps you call Jehovah “your Father,” as Jesus taught us to do. (Matt. 6:9) Or perhaps you call him “your Adam.” If we call Jehovah our “Father,” or our “Adam,” we should be careful and careful of ourselves. Why? Because we are creatures, and not human beings.

14. After Adam and Eve, how did we become unpleasant to God, and why?

15. How do we understand Jesus’ sacrifice?

16. When you go to this year’s Christmas Eve, what should you look out for? (See also section 16.)

18 SEPTEMBER

All that we have with Jehovah is not our efforts, but his own, and the redemption allows us to do what is right. Jehovah sent Jesus “as a sacrifice on the cross to put an end to all things, and to bring peace between God and us.” (Col. 1:19, 20) Therefore, although we are always evil, we can be made righteous by Jehovah.

THE GREAT ONE IS GOD IN OUR HEARTS

17 The witnesses learned that Jehovah “has mercy.” “When we were in trouble, he saved us.” (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Those who “do the things that are necessary for salvation,” are like the man who went to the wilderness. They think that evil and sin are overpowering them, so they go out looking for money. (Proverbs 13:48) Jehovah also called the apostles to preach the good news of the Kingdom, so that they would deny his love for his Son Jesus. (John 17:3) If it was Satan’s intention to cause Adam and Eve to be wicked and destroy his purposes, then he would have opened his eyes.

18 When we think about the redemption, we should be concerned about the main reason that God made it possible. While it is true that it brought us many blessings, we should remember that it was not our own fault that made it possible. The main reason that God made it possible was that Satan’s falsehoods in the garden of Eden were turned into truth. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) Jehovah made it possible in his own name, that is, by obeying all that was wrong and weak there. He also made it possible to free us from evil and death to show that he is a loving God. When that day comes, because we are creatures, Jehovah will show us how we can prove that what Satan says about him is true. (Prov. 27:11) But how can you prove that your salvation is true? Find out the answer to that question in the following article.

17. How does the redemption show that Jehovah is merciful? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

18. What should we be concerned about when we consider the redemption?

THE BROTHERS AND SISTERS WHO WILL SEE IT...

■ 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000

■ Do we have the power to do so?

■ Confidence that we can be Jehovah’s servants?

DWOM 19

Awurade Anwummeduan

MARCH 23-29, 2026

DWOM 18

Agyede no Som Bo Ma Wɔ

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

There are things each of us can do to show that the salvation is worthwhile.

What Do You Say When You’re Troubled?

“The love of Christ is with us.”—2 COR. 5:14.

PLEASE DO NOT think that you are going to be able to get to the person you want to go to. Just as you are about to go to the person you want to go to, someone beats you. Do you see the person you want to go to? If you don’t see the person you want to go to, it’s likely that you won’t be able to get to the person you want to go to, and you’ll make it clear to the person you want to go to that you can’t go to the person you want to go to.

² As we can see from the previous chapters, the sin that has taken hold of us is a burden that we have to bear. If we are forgiven, our sins will be forgiven. Because Jesus made the atonement, we can forgive ourselves. How? First, the atonement is because we are wicked and Jehovah has the power to forgive us. Second, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Third, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Fourth, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Fifth, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Sixth, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. Seventh, it gives us the hope that we will never be guilty of sin. (Proverbs 8:30, 31) The Apostle Paul wrote that “the love that Christ has for us guides us.” (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) In other words, the love that Jesus has for us should motivate us to do something to show that we are grateful for the atonement.

3 What would you do to show that you are grateful for what Jesus has done for us? What you would do might not be the same as what the elders would do. Let’s use an example to illustrate why we are saying this. Let’s assume that a small group of people wants to go to a city. It’s a city that each of them owns, so there’s not one way for all of them to go to it. For us, it’s like one--

1-2. What should Jesus’ redemptive sacrifice prompt us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also the footnote.)

3. The way you express your gratitude for salvation may not be the same as someone else's. Why?

20

If you find yourself in a difficult situation and someone tries to abuse you, you can be sure that the person you are abusing will not be able to help you. Jehovah and Jesus will also deliver us from the power of evil and death. Do we have to show great compassion? (See paragraphs 1-2.)

It is the relationship between the believer and God, and therefore the way in which the believer expresses his or her acceptance of the redemption is subjective. Therefore, in this chapter, we will look at what Bible learners, devotees, and believers in God can do to show that they accept the redemption.

BIBLE ASUAFO

4 If you are studying the Bible, say that the pen on which you are studying the Bible shows that Jehovah is bringing you back to his Father. (John 6:44; Proverbs 13:48) The Bible says that “he who seeks the heart is Jehovah.” That is to say, every effort you make to follow him and every deed you do to obey his laws is pleasing to Jehovah. (Proverbs 17:3; 27:11) Because of that dedication, you can have a close relationship with Jehovah. (Romans 5:10, 11) Be confident in this truth.

5 If you and Jehovah’s Witnesses share the same faith, how can you show that your heart is ready for salvation? One way you can do this is to follow the advice that the apostle Paul gave to the Philippians, who said: “Let us go to the Father in whom we have placed our trust, and let us be sure that he will go before us.” (Philip. 3:16) Another Bible passage confirms this statement: “Let us see that the Father in whom we have placed our trust will go before us.” So, if you say that you believe in the promise of salvation, do not let anything get in your way.—Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 Do you follow something in the Bible that is wrong? If so, research it and pray to Jehovah that he will make you feel better. (Deuteronomy 86:11) If you do, go ahead, but don’t follow the Bible. Or maybe there is something in the Bible that makes you feel bad. If so, say that Jehovah is sure that we will do what he says we can do. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) Jehovah is all-powerful; he promises to help you, so he will give you strength. (Isaiah 41:10, 13; 1 Corinthians 10:13) So whatever makes you happy, let it be easy for you to do.

4. How does a person who reads the Bible please Jehovah?

5. According to Philippians 3:16, how should Bible disciples work?

6. What should a person do if he or she finds that a Bible verse is contrary to a Bible doctrine, or if it seems to him or her that he or she is committing a sin? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also the footnote.)

JANUARY 2026 21

Jehovah wants us to do what he wants us to do. He wants us to do what he wants us to do. (See paragraph 6.)

One of them is the redemption. If your love for Jehovah is strong, you will find that “you keep his commandments.”—1 John 5:3.*

7 What about the brothers and sisters who encourage you in Jehovah’s cause? You are also Bible disciples. The truth is that all of your parents who are Bible disciples are very important to you. The Bible says, “God will surely encourage you.” (James 4:8; 1 Peter 2:9) So if you do things that will encourage you to encourage Jehovah, he will encourage you too. Consider your parents as Jehovah’s witnesses because Jehovah believes in his word and wants you to be his disciples. What does Jehovah do that can help you to become his disciples? It is Jesus who has given you his life; be confident that it is the way that he wants you to be his disciples.

* To help you use the Bible you’ve learned, the section entitled “Do What Your Heart Says” in the How Can You Be Anxious? booklet is a tool available for you to use.

7. What can women whose parents encourage them in Jehovah’s faith look forward to?

22 SEPTEMBER

(Rom. 5:1, 2) So this year, before you go to the Gathering, think about the blessings that Jesus has given you. If you think about them, let them inspire you to show that you are grateful for what Jehovah and his Son Jesus have done for you.* <<<P

We may be willing to give something, go to a meeting, or attend a service, but we may be motivated by ourselves, not by Jehovah’s love for us. So what do we do when we find that our love for one another is fading?

10 The apostle Paul instructed Timothy to put his love for Jehovah “above everything else,” and what would make his love greater was to “be mindful.” (Read 1 Timothy 4:13, 15.) So try to use that mindfulness to be mindful, and look for clothing that you can wear to be mindful of Jehovah, so that you “will be full of spirit.” (Rom. 12:11) For example, if you’re going to a meeting, you can think carefully about what you’re going to see before you go, so that you can concentrate on what you’re going to see. Or, if you’re going to a meeting, you can go to a place where there is plenty of light and where you can be mindful of what you’re going to see. This will help you to appreciate what you’ve learned. If you’re ready and you want it to work, you’ll be able to go ahead and build your own mother. And if you want to express the truth about what Jehovah does for us through the redemption, you need to place great trust in everything we’re going to talk about here. And if you’re ready to share a little bit of Jesus’ life, you’ll be able to reflect on the blessing that Jehovah gave to his apostles. If you do that, it will help you to appreciate the redemption more, because it will give you a greater opportunity to love Jehovah and his people.

11 If thou knowest that the treasure that thou hast given unto God shall go to the land,

10

Ask yourself, “What can I do to help me and Jehovah ‘get things right’?” (See paragraph 16.)

JW.ORG

We can ask ourselves: ‘Does the way I wear my clothes show that I’m devoted to God in my clothing?’ (Matt. 6:33) ‘Does it make me feel bad if I’m looking at things that annoy me?’ (Deut. 97:10) ‘Am I a peace-loving person, and do I try to make peace in the congregation?’ (Eph. 4:2, 3) This is an important time to reflect on these questions. Jehovah and his Son Jesus show that they love us. If we reflect on what they do for us, we will show that we love them. If we do this, we will not be doing what we want, but we will see that everything we do is in the sight of Jehovah and Christ.*

THEY WHO LOVE GOD

14 In this case, some of our brothers and sisters have loved Jehovah. Some of them have served Jehovah for many years, and some of them have lost their love for him after a short time. Why is that so? Some of them have been overwhelmed by “the fear of the dead.” (Luke 21:34) Some of them have been overwhelmed by the words or actions of a Christian brother who affected them deeply. (James 3:2) Some of them have been overwhelmed by the words or actions of a Christian brother who affected them deeply. What can you do if you have loved Jehovah for some reason? What should inspire you to do what God loves you for, which is why he gave his Son, Jesus, to you?

15 Have you noticed that those who have chosen to be faithful to Jehovah are taken care of by him, or are they rejected by him? David! When a person chooses to be faithful to Jehovah, Jehovah seeks him carefully. If he is a servant, he teaches him, and he helps him to return to his father. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Do you also notice that Jehovah seeks you to return to him? Yes! The admonition you have read shows clearly that you want to return to Jehovah. Jehovah saw something in your heart, and that’s why he brought you back to the truth.

* To learn more about how you can express your gratitude to Jehovah for what he has done for you, see the article entitled “Why Should You Love God?” in the Watchtower of June 15, 1995.

14. What made some people listen to Jehovah?

15. What does Jehovah do to show that he is displeased with those who have disobeyed him? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

24 SEPTEMBER

There is a man in your heart, and he wants to go to your father.

16 If you look at the book Jehovah’s Witnesses, you will find a very encouraging statement: “Be sure that if you turn to Jehovah, he will guide you. He will help you to turn your mind, and you will be free from all trouble. Then you will find great comfort, and you will have peace and tranquillity. This will help you and your fellow Christians to be more faithful to Jehovah.” In other words, elders are willing to help you. They may be “the anchor in the storm, and the anchor in the storm” for you. (Isa. 32:2) If you are satisfied with the redemption, ask yourself, “What can I do to help myself and Jehovah ‘get things right?’” (Isa. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) Some of the things you can do include attending meetings of the Kingdom Service, or telling one of the elders that you want to come to Jehovah. He or she may arrange for you to spend some time with him or her. Remember that every moment you spend with Jehovah shows that you are satisfied with the redemption, and that God will bless you.

16. What can help those who have fallen in love with Jehovah to come closer to him? (See also the footnote.)

WHAT WILL YOU DO?

17 Jesus said that God had appointed him to sacrifice his promise, “so that whoever believes in it shall not perish, but shall live forever.” (John 3:16) Although his death was a punishment for mankind, God’s redemption can make us happy. We should not be discouraged by what the redemption does for us. (Rom. 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) If you have a short time to live with Jesus, take the time to reflect on the love that God and Jesus have for us. If you do so, it will encourage you to do something to show that you are happy.

18 So, what can you do to show that your heart accepts the redemption? What you will do may not be the same as what your opponents will do. However, Jehovah’s servants around the world strive to ‘remain devoted not to themselves, but to that which was given to them by death.’ So if you try to do the same, you can be sure that Jehovah will bless you.—2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. If we have little time to spend with Jesus this year, how can we make the most of it?

WHAT IS WUBEBUA?

■ If you are a Bible student, what can you do to show that your heart accepts salvation?

■ If you do, what can you do to show that your heart accepts the redemption?

■ If you believe in Jehovah, what can you do to show that your heart is ready for salvation?

DWOM 14

Ayeyi Nka Asase So Hene Foforo No

MARCH 30–APRIL 5, 2026

DWOM 76

Anigyesɛm Bén Ni!

WHAT ADESUA HAS TO SAY

We will look at how to speak the truth, and how to communicate the truth of the Bible in a way that appeals to people.

If You Teach the Truth, I’ll Be Your Friend

“Jehovah, the true God.”—D&C 31:5.

When we have a conversation with a Jehovah’s Witness, the question we ask is, “How did you learn the truth?” Some say that their parents encouraged them to learn the truth. Some say that they came to the truth twice. Whether we encourage ourselves to learn the truth, or whether we are going to learn it twice, each of us should make sure that the truth in God’s Word is reflected in everything we do. We need to know that if we practice the truth, it will help us win the favor of Jehovah. One way to demonstrate that we practice the truth is by speaking the truth and giving it our full attention.—Deut. 15:1-3.

2 Jesus spoke the truth all the time, and everyone believed it. Many of his followers tried to speak the truth, but they rejected it. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus showed his disciples how people treated the truth he taught. He said: “It will come to pass, that a man will rise up against his father, and a son against his mother, and a son’s father against his father’s father.” (Matt. 10:35) Jesus did not want people to rise up against his disciples, but he knew what would happen if they did. (Matt. 23:37) He knew that the truth he was speaking would double the number of people in the world; some would believe it, and some would reject it.—2 Thessalonians 2:9-11.

3 We also, though we speak the truth in our own persons, do our best to speak the truth at all times, following Jesus, and the truth of the Bible which we proclaim,

1. What do we need to do so that Jehovah will recognize us among his disciples?

2. (a) What did people call Jesus? (b) What truth did Jesus teach that would inspire people to follow him?

3. What will be discussed in this chapter?

26

Some people don’t want to teach the truth, but we don’t want to be discouraged. Doesn’t that mean we should focus on how and when we teach the truth? David! In this chapter, we’ll find answers to the following questions: When should we learn the truth? Why should we speak the truth? How should we teach the truth? When should we teach the truth? Answering these questions will help us understand how to teach the truth and when not.

HOW ARE YOU HAPPY NOW?

4 Jehovah is the true God, so everything he says is true. For example, all his laws are true. (Deuteronomy 19:9; 119:142, 151) And every prophecy he gives is true. (Isaiah 55:10, 11) And every word he speaks is true. (Numbers 23:19) Indeed, Jehovah has a rule! (Hebrews 6:18) For all these reasons, the Bible calls Jehovah the “true God.”—Deuteronomy 31:5.

(Rom. 1:20) When the apostle Paul once had a dispute with a group of Greek scribes in Athens, he said that it was God’s will to “see him,” and that “he will be merciful to each one of us.” (Read Acts 17:27.) It is true that those who are determined to seek the truth are drawn to him by Jehovah.—John 6:44.

4. Why can we say that Jehovah exists and that truth exists?

5. Why is it not necessary to know “the true God”? Explain. (Acts 17:27)

(2 Pet. 1:20, 21) Therefore, everything in the Bible is true, and it can be interpreted. For example, the Bible tells us that God created the heavens and the earth, and man and beast. (Gen. 1:1, 26) It also explains why all people are creatures, and why suffering and death exist. (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) It also tells us that Jehovah and his Son prepared the way for Satan, the “lord of the devil,” to take over the world. (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) The Bible also tells us that Jesus will destroy the world, restore the earth, and take away all evil and sin from us. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) We can be very inspired by all that the Bible says. Jehovah teaches us the truth, and he encourages us to teach others too. That is a great lesson he gives us!—Matt. 28:19, 20.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW?

7 As we have learned, if we want to speak about Jehovah’s family, we must speak the truth. But if we want to be accepted by God, not only must we speak the truth, but the way we speak the truth also needs to appeal to God. When Jesus was doing his mission on earth, let’s look at what happened one time. —Read Mark 3:11, 12. When Jesus was preaching near the Sea of Galilee, a crowd of people came to him and asked him: “What do you want us to do?”

6. What are some of the truths in the Bible, and why do you think you know them?

7-8. Is it important that we preach the truth? Let us give some examples. (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also the footnote.)

JANUARY 2026 27

When you preach the truth, who are you telling the truth to? (See paragraphs 7-8.)

Some of the people in the crowd were ill-intentioned, and they would shout at Jesus, “Woe to the Father of God!” Why did the ill-intentioned say this truth about Jesus? Perhaps they wanted the people who were there to be like them, and they wanted them to take away the glory from Jehovah. What the ill-intentioned said was true, but they were ill-intentioned. Jesus knew that they wouldn’t tell anyone about him because it would confuse their minds. So he told the ill-intentioned not to tell anyone about him.

8 What can we learn from this story? That the reason we preach the truth is very important to God. Therefore, it is very important for God’s love to motivate us to preach the truth, and if others give us the incentive to do so, we should give it all to God!—Matt. 5:16; see Acts 14:12-15.

9 Let’s look at another thing that we shouldn’t do. Let’s say that a church leader tells us something we don’t like, but you want us to tell it to others. Those we tell, when they learn that what we’re saying is true, might believe us and think we’re telling a lot of things that don’t matter. In that case, they might give us a gift, but that doesn’t please Jehovah. (Proverbs 11:13) Why? We need to find a way to prove that what we’re saying is true. In the end, what we say will be true.

WHAT WILL WE DO WHEN WE GET TO THE END OF THE WORLD?

10 See Colossians 4:6. The Apostle Paul to the Christians in Colosseum

9. What should we not do, and why?

10. What does the Bible mean when it says that we should make our husbands ‘like children’? (Colossians 4:6)

28 SEPTEMBER

What does that mean? The Greek word used here means that, when we speak, we should do so in a way that is helpful to others. On the other hand, when we speak, we should do so in a way that is pleasing to others.

11 When we teach the truth to others, we should use Paul’s advice to use our own language. The Bible says that the truth contained in God’s Word is like a cloth that can be worn over one’s head. In other words, God’s Word can help us develop what is really in us. (Heb. 4:12) Even if we use the Bible properly, it can cause people to feel disappointed and frustrated. How can that happen?

11-12. Why should we be careful when we preach the truth? Let’s take an example. (See also the footnote.)

12 For example, let’s go to a church and meet a priest who prays for us and celebrates Burial and Easter with us. We can tell him that Burial and Easter are not part of the Bible, but we can tell him that they are part of our sinfulness. (Isaiah 44:14-20; 2 Corinthians 6:14-17) Even if we do that, we can tell him the truth, and we can do so by using God’s Word.

13 Paul also urged us to use the law in our language. He did not mean that, if there is truth in the word, we should ignore it or ignore it. Rather, he urged us to use our language in such a way that we can speak the truth to people to their satisfaction. (Job 12:11) He thought that we could do something about it.

13. How can we make our country a better place?

How can you teach the truth properly? (See paragraphs 11-12.)

If we are to follow Jesus, we must know the right time to preach the truth, and we must not let ourselves be overwhelmed by the expectations of others.

(See paragraph 15)

For example, if you go to a party, people say their best words; if the person is much bigger than them, they say the same thing to him. If you go to another party, people say the same things, and if you say the same things to someone else, they think it’s a good thing. Paul said that we need to know how to “behave to each other.” That is, when we talk, we need to make sure that our language reflects what God wants us to say, not what we want to say.

WHY SHOULD WE CARE ABOUT OURSELVES?

14 When Jesus was speaking to his disciples, he used to have his disciples talk to him all the time, and he used to teach them a lot of things. (Mark 6:34) Although they were already aware of many things, did Jesus tell them all that he knew? Yes. He knew that if things were there, it would be time for them to take them away. He even said that they would not understand what he had to say to them. (John 16:12) What can we learn from this?

15 What Jesus did shows us that the truth we know means that when we teach people, everything we know must be revealed to them. And how can we follow Jesus? We have to follow people. Let’s look at the father who celebrates Easter and Easter with his brothers. We know that these celebrations are out of abosonsom, and God is not forgiving. He thought that there was one or two ways to celebrate Easter and to be with the father. If we obey what the Bible says about aboson—

14. When Jesus was on earth, did He tell His disciples everything He knew?

15. Whatever we know, should it be revealed to us as Bible learners? In the Scriptures. (Proverbs 25:11) (See also the footnote.)

30 SEPTEMBER

(Proverbs 25:11) If we do, how can we be sure that we’re not giving ourselves too much time to study the Bible? Yes, when Bible students are there, what they learn from the Bible is put to use immediately, and when they’re not there, it’s a long time before they’re ready to do anything. If we want to help our Bible students succeed, we need to know what they need to know at the right time or at the right time to tell them what they need to know. —Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 When we encourage others to learn the truth about Jehovah, our joy is even greater. If we can help others “go forward in the truth,” we should do the most important thing: Be an example to them. (3 John 3, 4) Show that you care about the promises in God’s Word. If you teach the truth, do so with devotion. When you teach the truth, keep your mouth open at all times, and know when to say something. And if people dislike you, give all your concerns to Jehovah. Doing so will show that you trust Jehovah, the true God.

16. How can we help our Bible students “go forward in the truth”?

CHAPTER 29: In the first story, a man is in the courtroom, and he finds out that the Burundian police have arrested a father; he uses a quote from jw.org to show that the Burundian police have arrested the father. In the second story, the man uses a quote from jw.org to help the parents to arrest the father. In these two stories, what do you find most helpful?

WHAT WILL YOU DO WHEN YOU SEE THESE EDITIONS?

■ Acts 17:27

■ Colossians 4:6

■ Proverbs 25:11

DWOM 160

"Asɛmpa"!

THE NEW WORLD TRIBUTE TO GOD

January 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 1 TWI

THE SYSTEM IN THIS NEWS

Adesua Words to be heard on March 2-8 2

May God Come and Show You the Way

Adesua Words to be heard on March 9-15 8

What You Can Do If You Have Anxiety or Anxiety Disorders

Adesua Words to be heard on March 16-22 14

Nea Enti and Yehia Agyede No

Adesua Words to be heard on March 23-29 20

What Do You Say When You’re Troubled?

Adesua Words to be heard on March 30–April 5 26

If You Teach the Truth, I’ll Be Your Friend

ADESUA HO NYANSAHNYE

Think About What the Bible Says

The Bible contains a lot of information about the past, and we can learn a lot from it. If we want to read it carefully, we need to keep it in mind. The following tips can help you do so:

If you and your spouse are reading the Bible together, you can share the names of the people you are studying with each member of your family. This can help you focus on the people you are studying about, and it can help you focus on the people you are studying about.

• Think about what was happening. Try to understand the feelings and emotions of the person you’re telling about. You can ask yourself: ‘Why did that person say that thing, or why did he do that thing? What would I have thought, or what would I have felt, if I had heard that thing?’

• You can change. The Bible says that if you change your mind about your ex-husband, it can help you feel better about yourself. If your ex-husband likes you, it can help you.

We’re doing Bible teaching worldwide, and volunteer volunteers are making a contribution to our work. If you’d like to make a contribution, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical texts in this book are taken from the Scripture Kronkron—The Complete Father's Translation, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website on Twitter, or use your smartphone to scan this code

JW.ORG

w26.01-TW