JULY 2026

HOW DOES THE MONITORING OF GOD’S WORSHIP WORK?

DAY OF THE MONTH: SEPTEMBER 7-OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

LA 88 The One Who Wasn't There

We do not think of things that we cannot learn from the Gibeonites, and how Jehovah dealt with them.

Moo Kase Gibeonbi Ome

“The people who are in Gibeon are the joy of Israel, and they are among them.”—YOSH 10:1.

JEREMIE 40 When the Israelites came out of Egypt and went over the Great Barrier Reef, the LORD helped them to cross Jericho and Ai, and they took them by the hand. But there was one thing that happened. The people who were on the borders of Canaan saw what the Israelites were doing, and some of them came to see the Israelites. It meant that they came to see what the Israelites were doing, and they came so that the Israelites could sojourn in peace.

2 These are the Gibeonites. This is the first time that the Gibeonites are mentioned in the Bible, and then they are mentioned again. The Bible tells us that the Gibeonites and the Israelites were very good friends. There are many good things that we cannot learn from the Gibeonites. Moreover, how Jehovah handled what happened to them will help us learn all the good things about Jehovah.

I'M HAPPY AND HAPPY WHEN I'M HAPPY AND HAPPY WHEN I'M HAPPY

3 When the Israelites crossed the Great Barrier Reef, it became necessary for them to take over some of the mountains on the edge of the Canaanite territory. The people in those mountains were on the side of the Israelites, and there were tabuli babau on the Israelites as well. (Deuteronomy 7:1) Among those mountains was the Hivite mountain. Some of the hivite mountains were on the side of the Canaanite territory, and Gibeon was on the side of the Canaanite territory. As for Gibeon, their kings were on the side of the Hivite territory, and there were tabuli babau on the Israelites as well. (Joshua 10:2) The Canaanites wanted to be with the Israelites.

1-2. Why is it important to consider what the Bible says about the Gibeonites?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why was it desired that the Israelites should follow the example of joy?

2

The Gibeonites beat Joshua and took him with them into the desert (See section 4)

(Exodus 34:11; Joshua 9:24) So when the Israelites were about to take Jericho and Ai, the Gibeonites sent some men to Joshua in Gilgal so that they could go with the Israelites to take them away with joy. (Exodus 34:12; Joshua 9:24) And when the Israelites were about to take Jericho and Ai, the Gibeonites sent some men to Joshua in Gilgal so that they could go with the Israelites to take them away with joy. (Exodus 34:13; Joshua 9:24)

(Josh. 9:14, 15) Joshua and the leaders of Israel had to follow Jehovah’s instructions to do so. In addition, they had to follow the Gibeonites’ practice of giving them so much joy as they could. (Josh. 9:16-19) The Israelites had to make the Gibeonites take their captives into slavery. (Josh. 9:17-19) The Israelites had to make the Gibeonites take their captives into slavery. (Josh. 9:18-19) The Israelites had to make the Gibeonites take their captives into slavery. (Josh. 9:19) The Israelites had to make the Gibeonites take their captives into slavery. (Josh. 9:20-21) The Israelites had to make the Gibeonites take their captives into slavery. (Josh. 9:21-23) They were to do “all that is good in the sight of the LORD, that it may be brought to the congregation as an offering to the LORD.”—Joshua 9:27.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeonites rebuked the Israelites for their departure, showing how Jehovah had defeated the Egyptians and the Amorite rulers, Sihon and Og.

5 And when the kings of Canaan heard that the Gibeonites had fought against the children of Israel, they made a covenant with the Gibeonites.

* The tribes that divided the Israelites went to Gibeon through three towns on the Hiv: Kefira, Beeroth, and Kiriath-jearim.—Joshua 9:17.

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, what did the Gibeonites do that caused the Israelites to take pride in them? (See also the video.) (b) What did the Israelites do when they learned that the Gibeonites were destroying them?

5. What did the Gibeonites do to show that they had faith in Jehovah?

JULY 2026 3

(Josh. 10:3-7) Joshua led the Israelites to Gibeon in order to defeat the Canaanites, and the LORD defeated them. The LORD caused the Amorites to put their tents on the tables of the Amorites, and the LORD caused the flood to continue until the Israelites defeated all their neighbors. (Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites knew that the LORD, who is Israel, would give them peace. They also knew that the LORD, who is Israel, would give them peace. They also knew that the LORD, who is Israel, would give them peace. They also knew that the LORD, who is Israel, would give them peace. (Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites knew that the LORD, who is Israel, would give them peace. They also knew that the LORD, who is Israel, would give them peace. They also knew that the LORD, who is Israel, would give them peace. (Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites knew that the LORD, who is Israel, would give them peace. They also knew that the LORD, who is Israel, would give them peace. (Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites knew that the LORD, who is Israel, would give them peace. All of these things they did showed that they were absolutely confident in Jehovah’s love for them.

⁶ What does this tell us about Jehovah? Jehovah was in control, and he did not give up. He gave the Israelites the command to “kill all those who were on the hill,” and the Gibeonites followed suit. (Numbers 33:51, 52) It is clear that when the Israelites and the Gibeonites fought each other for joy, they did not follow Jehovah’s directions, but Jehovah did not hesitate to use you to defeat the Gibeonites. He led the Israelites on the way they had chosen, and he took the wrong path to defeat the Gibeonites.—Josh. 9:26; 11:19.

⁷ How do we deal with the Gibeonites? We must have faith in Jehovah. Because we know how much Jehovah loves the Gibeonites, it should motivate us to turn ourselves to Jehovah more fully. (Psalm 40:4, 5) Moreover, we cannot deal with the Gibeonites if we turn our attention away from the work that people think is right in Jehovah’s congregation. (Josh. 9:23, 27) A young brother named Luke wrote:

Luke shows that a young man who served with his brothers at Bethel did this, and he was very humble. Luke shows that the young man worked in very important positions at Bethel, so that when the brothers were at a Kingdom Service, he said he would be a watchman to keep an eye on what was happening on the summit. Luke said: “I discovered that healing is something that goes on in our lives all the time, and that it is only one thing that we do.” (Luke 10:28) Therefore, let us focus ourselves on Jehovah when we attend meetings, when we prepare ourselves to go to church, and when we focus on the tasks we are given in Jehovah’s congregation. By doing so, we show that we have faith in Jehovah.

WHEN HE WAS A LITTLE CHILD, HE LOOKED LIKE GOD

8 The Bible describes what happened to the Gibeonites when King Saul was ruling Israel. At the present time, King Saul has decided to exterminate the Gibeonites in Israel and Judah.* This has led to the extermination of all the Gibeonites. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) What Saul did is amazing! Saul took advantage of the peace that existed between the Israelites and the Gibeonites.

9 How Saul and the Gibeonites made them to fall, that the LORD might accomplish this thing in the day that David reigned over Israel. And it came to pass at the time that the LORD would accomplish this thing, that he caused the hive that was upon the hill to fall three times, and it came to fall.

* The Bible tells us about the time when Saul captured the Gibeonites. Some sources suggest that at one time, Saul thought that the Gibeonites were the ones who had killed the Israelites.

6. What do we learn about Jehovah from his dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. How should we deal with the Gibeonites? (See the video.)

8. What did King Saul do to show that he was listening to the Gibeonites?

9. Why did Jehovah send a warning to the Gibeonites?

4 MONITORING

Learn about the Gibeonites, and take advantage of their service (Read section 7)

Therefore, David asked Jehovah what was going to happen when they came to the hill, and Jehovah told him that Saul and his men were going to kill all the Gibeonites.—2 Sam. 21:1.

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. David asked the Gibeonites what they wanted him to do for them in order to put them to shame for the wrongdoing Saul had done to them. The Gibeonites took advantage of the opportunity to ask David to pay them tribute, and they did so. In other words, they were asked to “pay tribute or take tribute,” because according to the law, if someone died, he was to be buried. (Numbers 35:30, 31) Moreover, the Gibeonites knew that they would not be able to do anything if the king let them do that. Therefore, David allowed the Gibeonites to take Saul’s sons with them, and then they joined forces with Saul to take the Gibeonite father-in-law. In the end, Jehovah caused Israel to fall apart, and the Gibeonites were destroyed. This showed that Jehovah was not displeased with the Gibeonites’ disinformation.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

11 What does this tell us about Jehovah? It shows us that he is always judgmental. (Psalm 37:28) For example, all people and all people who are subjected to the laws of the Bible are subjected to the laws of heaven. So Jehovah wants us to be subjected to the laws of heaven. Since he is judgmental to all his servants, and we are subjected to the laws of heaven, he will surely uplift them and give them judgment in the future. Moreover, we learn that Jehovah wants us to be subjected to the laws of the Bible, as he did to the Israelites who were subjected to the judgment of the Gibeonites.—Read Amos 1:9.

12 What can we do to help the Gibeonites? When our brothers and sisters tell us what they think, we can’t stop ourselves from following the way of Jehovah. By doing so, we show that we are asking Jehovah to put the information into practice for us at the right time. Consider a sister named Laura French. In 1926, she retired from service at Bethel in Canada. When she was baptized, a message was written to her. Some people suggested that she did so because she had some qualities about herself that she did not like.

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, what did the Gibeonites do to show that they wanted to be God’s servants?

11. What can we learn about Jehovah from this story?

12. How should we deal with the Gibeonites when they turn away from us?

JULY 2026 5

Bethel. So he was sent to Bethel. If so, what did he do for you? It seemed like a great job, but he did it. He went on to serve as a wayfarer for 50 years in the present time. The good news is that in 1940, he was again invited to serve at Bethel, and he was very pleased. A brother named French served faithfully for 50 years at Bethel until he retired from his zugba a on service. Like brother French, when we are invited to serve at Bethel, we want to continue to do so, and we want to pray to Jehovah that he will put it into practice for us in the right time.—Yes. 26:3, 4.

AND THE QUESTION WHAT HE ASKED GOD

13 500 years after the faith of King David, the Bible refers to the Gibeonites as a group of people who returned to Jerusalem. The sons of Judah were taken to Babylon in the 70th year. Then they returned to Jerusalem. The Jews who returned behind closed doors were the descendants of Zerubbabel. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) In the 70th year, Ezra the scribe and all the Jews returned to Babylon and Jerusalem. (Ezra 7:1-7) The term “Nethinim” also refers to these two groups of people who returned to Babylon and Jerusalem. (See the references in Ezra 2:58 and 7:7.) Who were the Nethinim? They were “the servants of Solomon” who were the ancestors of the Israelites. It could not be that all of the Nethinim were the descendants of the Gibeonites. —See The Bible’s Next Chapter, “Nethinim.”

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 carefully. “The servants of Solomon’s house” referred to the crowd that returned to Jerusalem in the dark. This was a great surprise, because all the Jews had returned to Jerusalem. Everyone among the Jews was afraid of the people who were in Babylon, and they were in a hurry to go to Babylon. Therefore, it was thought that the good things that were going to be found in Babylon would be used to bring them back to Jerusalem. The Gibeonites’ neighbors and some Jews who were loyal to Jehovah were willing to go to the house of Jehovah and serve him in the country. It is clear that the Gibeonites’ descendants remained in Israel, and although their future was in jeopardy, they decided to return to do the services that were performed in the temple, and to help the Jerusalemites.—Nehemiah 3:26.

15 What does this tell us about Jehovah? This tells us that Jehovah takes care of those who faithfully serve him, and that he keeps an eye on them at all times. From the time when Jehovah took over the Gibeonites in the time of Joshua, he went on to take over them in a very violent way. When the Babylonians conquered Jerusalem, Jehovah took over the Gibeonites’ sides, and when the Babylonians returned to Jerusalem, Jehovah took over the Gibeonites’ sides in a very violent way. He couldn’t have taken over the Gibeonites’ sides in a very violent way. (Ezra 2:70; Neh. 11:21) Moreover, because they were employed in the temple, the king of Persia allowed them to wear the robes that his sons wore.—Ezra 7:24.

16 What can we do to emulate the Gibeonites? Like the Gibeonites, we want to devote ourselves to serving Jehovah, and we want to follow their example. In some cases, this will require us to make changes in our lives. Let our love for Jehovah inspire others to do the same.

13. Who were the “Nethinims,” and what did they do when Judah returned to Babylon?

14. What did the Gibeonites do to show their loyalty to Jehovah? (1 Chronicles 9:2 and following)

15. What does the story of the Gibeonites teach us about Jehovah?

16. What can we do like the Gibeonites to show our loyalty to Jehovah?

6 MONITORING

Alwin, a young man from the Philippines, is one of them. His work is rewarding. He wants to dedicate his time to serving Jehovah. Whenever a superintendent visits our congregation, Alwin asks his supervisor to allow him to take part in the community service during the holidays. That makes him feel greatly encouraged. Alwin’s work is so much more rewarding than the mission service. Therefore, he prayed to Jehovah to help him find a job. It seems that Alwin knew that if he took on this task, he would have to work hard, but he did. That motivated him to join the missionary service. Later, he joined the missionary service, and 21 people came to know the truth and were baptized. One thing is certain: Jehovah is very pleased with their way of life. If we do everything we can to be faithful in our service to Jehovah, we can be sure that Jehovah will be very pleased with us. And he will make us understand everything at all times.—Matt. 6:33.

17 As Jehovah and the Gibeonites did, let us learn the goodness of Jehovah. We learn that Jehovah is faithful, righteous, faithful, and righteous, and upholds his faithful servants all the time. Also, the Gibeonites’ story teaches us that we must have faith in Jehovah, and put our trust in him when we avoid the wrongdoings of others. And we must be steadfast, and carry out all the work that Jehovah assigns us to do. When we are told something wrong, we should be willing to pray to Jehovah that he will put it into practice for us at the right time. We want to do everything we can to make ourselves successful in Jehovah’s service. So let us look at the good examples of the Gibeonites and learn from them.

17. What do we learn from the story of the Gibeonites?

WHAT DOES THEIR LOVE FOR YOU DO TO US...

■ Do we eat too much and get sick?

■ What does Jehovah want us to do today?

■ Should we be faithful to serve Jehovah?

LA 148 Jehovah Is My Helper

SEPTEMBER 14-20, 2026

LA 41

Moo Bu Ye Khulemi Tue

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

If we read the book of Isaiah and we write ourselves into it, it can't help us.

Isaiah Womi ɔ Ma Nɛ Ma Wo O Bua

“This is what Jehovah wants to do:... ‘As a man brings his son’s happiness, so will I bring your happiness.’”—YES. 66:12, 13.

Look at a young man who is in a very difficult situation. He may be in a difficult situation because his family is in need of him, and he is focused on his own interests. Or he may be in a difficult situation because he is unable to do something for God. In this situation, what would a father who loves his son do to help him? He hopes that if his son succeeds, he will take care of him and treat him like he does.

² In the Bible, Jehovah uses himself to show a loving love for his children, and he gives them wisdom. He says: “As a wise man gives wisdom to his son, so will I give wisdom to you.” (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah’s love for us reflects the love a wise man has for his children. (Isa. 49:15) Jehovah follows his Word, which is the Bible, and gives us wisdom when we are in need or in trouble.—Rom. 15:4.

(Isaiah 40:1) Jehovah sent Isaiah to write the book of Isaiah in order to help the Jews and the elders who were attending the congregation. We are also in ‘the days of the dead, and the days of the living.’ Therefore, we need to read the book of Isaiah. (2 Timothy 3:1) Let us consider some of the things in the book of Isaiah that will help us: (1) if we change our minds, (2) if we lose our faith because of a sin we have committed, and (3) if we lose our brother because of a sin we have committed.

1-2. What does Jehovah do to help us when we are weary or in distress?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

8

HOW TO GET THE BEST RESULTS

4 We can change our attitudes. (Proverbs 9:11; 1 Corinthians 7:31) It may be that the weather is changing, or that we are struggling to afford food, or that there is a problem in our neighborhood. Or it may be that the church is asking us to go to a mission. Such situations can make us feel tired or uncomfortable, and we may ask ourselves, ‘What should I do now?’ Sometimes, we might ask ourselves that question. A brother named Joseph served at Bethel for 17 years. Later, when he was asked to serve as a watchman, he said: “I don’t know what to do or how to go about my life, because I served at Bethel with my father.” What lesson can we learn from the book of Isaiah when we take a look at what it means to be a watchman?

4. What happens if we change the direction of the wind?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. Jehovah’s intention to remove those who are on the path of evil is based on the fact that he will take those who are on the path of evil away from the path of evil, and he will make the path of evil become the path of evil. The words “path of evil,” “path of evil,” “evil,” and “the way of evil” cannot be used to describe the situations in which we find ourselves. The situations in which we find ourselves may lead us to think that we are being taken away from the path of evil, and that the path of evil is the way of evil. Let Jehovah let us know that if we follow the rules of the congregation, he will show us the way, and he will be with us forever. Jehovah will burn our heads in the fire, and he will cause the sea to move on our way. And he will cause our way to be damp. How will Jehovah do this? He will do it with the help of the Holy Spirit.

5. According to Isaiah 42:16, what does Jehovah want us to do? (See also the footnote.)

When the weather began to change, Jehovah kept his promise. (Read section 5.)

‘If you have the paths that you look at removed, I will be with you’

(Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) Our brothers and sisters are also responsible for helping us. If we are afraid of what might happen to us in the future, we can be sure that Jehovah will help us, because he loves us and cares for us.—Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 Joseph, who is now 70, describes how Jehovah helped him and his family when they went to Bethel. He says: “We found that Jehovah showed us love by teaching us, and he helped us greatly when the change came. He followed his brothers in helping us. He helped us to focus on the things we were interested in, and he has done so.” As we change our lives, we can be sure that Jehovah will help us and give us the guidance we need to make the change. (Isa. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph also explains that one of the things that helped him most was to learn about Broadcast. The words made him realize that wherever he went, Jehovah would call to him, and he would help him.* If things were going as we had planned, we knew that whatever happened, Jehovah would help us.

IF YOU HAVE A QUESTION ABOUT WHAT YOU ARE DOING, PLEASE CONTACT US.

7 If we do something wrong and tell the leaders of the church about it, they will be grateful to us. If they correct us, we will also be grateful for what we have done wrong.—Proverbs 28:13; James 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9.

* This word means, “Jehovah God is with me.”

6. When we change our minds, what kind of feelings do we have?

7. Can those who have sinned in the past not remember some things?

(2 Cor. 2:7) We should think about it, because it leads us to turn our heads toward a sin that we have committed in the past. This is not a good thing to do. King David said: “When iniquity takes hold of you, you will be glad... Even the next one will look down on you, and you will be sick.” (Psalm 38:3, 8) If we turn our heads toward a sin that we have committed in the past, the book of Isaiah will not be helpful to us.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah uses an example to illustrate how he uses things. He said that if we “use the things of the earth” as they are meant to be used, he will cause them to “fut as snow.” It seems that when we use things of the earth as they are meant to be used, it makes us feel so bad that Jehovah knows that if we use things of the earth as they are meant to be used, he will cause them to fut as they are meant to be used, indicating that if he uses things of the earth as they are meant to be used, he will also make them feel bad.

(2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Mac. 9:4, 5) When Jehovah spoke to David, he used the truth that David had told him to explain the difficulties he had faced. Similarly, if we change our hearts, Jehovah’s love for us will be reflected in the truth that we have told him, and he will inspire us to serve him with joy. What can we learn from the book of Isaiah that will inspire us to follow his advice?

8-9. How does Isaiah 1:18 indicate Jehovah’s intentions?

10 MONITORING MEETING

“That thou mayest be clothed with all sin”

Jehovah’s Mind is on Our Evil Deeds in the Past (Read Section 11)

10 Read Isaiah 38:17 in conjunction. The phrase, “You have forgiven all your iniquity,” cannot be translated as, “You have forgiven all your iniquity.” The phrase suggests that when an evildoer changes his heart, Jehovah forgives him his evil, wherever he may be or wherever he may be thinking about it. Another phrase suggests that the phrase cannot be translated as, “Let him do as you have done to [me].” This implies that when Jehovah takes care of us, he takes care of us as if we had done something wrong. When we do so, Jehovah will also take care of us, and he will take care of our sins as well. He says: “I will take care of your sins as well.” (Isaiah 43:25) That’s very encouraging! If Jehovah, the Almighty, takes care of our sins as well, then we too should take care of ourselves so that our sins will be forgiven.

Let the sin that you have done in the past take away the joy that you will have now.

11 Whenever we are guilty of an iniquity that we have committed in the past, let us remember that Jehovah is with us. When Jehovah takes away our iniquities, he takes away our sins. He takes away the sins of those who have committed iniquities in the past, and he takes away the sins of those who have committed iniquities in the future. (Isaiah 57:16) The iniquity that we have committed in the past is what pleases Jehovah, but what we are doing now and what we will do in the future is what matters most to him. (Isaiah 55:7) Indeed, Jehovah loves us very much, and he has promised to take away our sins. Therefore, let us concentrate ourselves on the love that God has for us, and let us

10. What is the meaning of Jehovah’s words in Isaiah 38:17?

11. If we do wrong, what does it mean to Jehovah? (Read the verse above.)

JULY 2026 11

“You who have fallen asleep may rest in peace”

We are confident that no matter what happens, we will find our love for our loved ones. (Read section 14.)

Let not any sin that we have done in the past cause us to fail to serve Jehovah. If we do so, Jehovah will raise us up, and we will live forever.

WHEN WE ASK YOU THAT YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR

12 When one of our brothers dies, we feel very sad, and sometimes we wonder, ‘Why did Jehovah allow our brother to die?’ Consider a young man named Michael, who had a brother who died. He said: “I was very sorry and angry that Jehovah had allowed his brother to die. You know that my father might have left them alone, so that he might do something good for you.” Then, consider how Michael felt about his brother. What does Jehovah do to help us when we are sad, and what lessons do we learn from it?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah promised that “he will keep you alive forever.” Consider the pain that you will feel when you see your loved one die. (Isaiah 35:10) It would also be a great pleasure to see your loved one lying in a grave and being taken to be buried. In that case, we and our whole heart will be alive forever, and we will have a good night’s rest. If this promise is fulfilled, it will be the will of Jehovah himself, and the promise will come true. —Proverbs 21:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Even though Jehovah will not be able to put an end to our suffering, he will not be able to make our love for him become stronger.

12. If our loved one dies, what happens to us?

13. How does Jehovah treat us in Isaiah 25:8?

14. What do you think about the idea that the dead will never be resurrected? (Isaiah 26:19) (Read the full text.)

12 MONITORING

When Jehovah speaks of those who love his people, he says: “There shall be no more trouble for you.” Jehovah’s use of the word “you” indicates that they are his things. He is firmly committed to them, and when he leaves, he will find them in comfort. Just as he is committed to them, so will Jehovah, the One Who Has All Power, find our love for them in comfort. How much joy we will have! —Read Mark 5:42.

15 Although we know that God will help those who are ill to get comfortable, we are sad when our brother or sister dies. Knowing that God’s love for his children is in our hearts gives us great encouragement. This book helped Michael, who was taking a break from singing. He said: “Isaiah 26:19 helped me to understand that God loves his children very much. He is with them, and he is going to lead them to their end. That gives me strength to keep on going.” Let’s look at how we can help our children get comfortable with God’s love for them. If we do this, it will be very rewarding for us.

15. How does the fact that Jehovah has chosen not to let our love for one another fall away inspire us?

16 Think about the hundreds of verses in the book of Isaiah that will help us when we change our minds, or when we feel guilty about a sin we have committed, or when we have a bad night’s sleep. We can be sure that Jehovah uses the Bible to help us! (Psalm 94:19) Doesn’t there be a verse that helps you when you have a bad night’s sleep? If so, take a look at the verses in the book of Isaiah. Think about a verse you’ve learned about something that you won’t ever see again. Let those verses help you know how much you love your loving Father, who is Jehovah.

16. What does the Bible tell you if you go to a meeting with a disabled person?

CHAPTER 11: A young man who was so moved by a sin he had committed earlier in his life that he decided to go to the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.’s School of Spiritual Guidance.

WHAT DOES IT MEANS TO BE A FRIEND OF GOD?

■ Isaiah 42:16

■ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

LA 3 Jehovah Loves Us, He Loves Us All the Time

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

LA 12 Jehovah God Is Open

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

We will learn what it means to be Jehovah’s servants, why it is necessary for us to seek his favor, and how we can do so.

Be the One Who Loves Jehovah

“Love the God of your father, and serve him with all your heart.”—1 CHRONICLES 28:9.

When we think about the nature of God, how he thinks, and the variety of things he does, we are amazed. We think like the apostle Paul, who said: “The greatness of God, and his mind, and his nature, are greater than any thing that can be imagined, and his ways are greater than any thing that can be imagined.”—Rom. 11:33, 34.

2 It is obvious that we will not be able to know everything about Jehovah until we know who he really is. Why do we say this? King David asked Solomon: “Love your father, the God, and serve him with all your heart... If you turn aside from his way, he will let you find him.” (1 Chron. 28:9) A few verses later, the apostle John told his fellow Christians who lived in his time that they would be able to “see the glory of the true one” immediately. (1 John 5:20) Jesus himself indicated that he would lead people to “see the glory of the Father.”—Matt. 11:27.

3 We all learn everything about Jehovah, and we build ourselves up to him, and come to serve him. However, there are things that we cannot learn about Jehovah. (John 17:3) For example, we cannot learn everything about things that make Jehovah feel up to us, and how we can have confidence that we are in him. When we serve Jehovah consistently

1. How do we feel when we think about the nature of Jehovah, how he thinks, and the variety of things he does?

2. Why are we so sure that we cannot know Jehovah?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

14

Whether it’s our father, our mother, or someone else we’re serving, the following three questions that we’ll consider will help us all to seek Jehovah’s glory. They are: What does our search for Jehovah mean? Why should we seek his glory? What path should we take to seek his glory?

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT GOD?

4 What is the best way to live in the presence of Jehovah? When the Jews were taken captive in Babylon, Jehovah promised them: “I will make their hearts know that I am Jehovah.” (Jer. 24:7) It is clear that the Jews knew everything about Jehovah. When they were taken captive, it was necessary for them to rely heavily on Jehovah, and this dependence remained in their hearts. A Bible scholar said: “There is a huge difference between the things about God that we will live in and the God whom we will live in the presence of, and with whom we will be in harmony. We can’t apply this to how someone does things because he loves them, or how he does things because he has love for them.” Only by knowing that God exists, and by knowing his name as Jehovah, can we know him. We need to know exactly who he is.

5 When we know what Jehovah likes and what he wants, we also show that we love him. For example, consider King Josiah. The Bible says: “But when he was eight years old, when he was yet a young man, he turned away from the way of David’s God.” (2 Chron. 34:3) Josiah learned everything about God in his childhood, and he immediately put into practice what he had learned. Therefore, Jehovah told the prophet Jeremiah that Josiah “did what was wrong in his eyes,” and that he did what was wrong in the eyes of his opponents. Jehovah also said: “Isn’t this a sign that there is something in it?”—Jer. 22:15, 16.

6 Read Psalm 9:10. When we know that God is in heaven, our trust in him grows greatly. That was the case with the apostle Paul. When he was put to death, he said: “God be with you, for I know the One who is about me.” (2 Tim. 1:12) What Paul learned about God and how God helped him in his life led him to have a strong trust in God. Paul was confident that God’s trust in him was true, and that if he died, he would be able to live in peace.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT GOD?

7 When we start studying about Jehovah, we learn about him, and that leads us to become his servants. When we are in prison, our chances of seeing Jehovah’s heavenly presence increase. Why does that happen? When we read the Bible in our own home or in the congregation, we always try to make sure that what we are studying will benefit us or our fellow prisoners. We do so because the Bible urges us to do so. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) There is another important thing we should consider. (Psalm 25:8-10) We should focus on how what we learn from the Bible will help us in our daily lives.

4. What does it mean to be loyal to Jehovah?

5. What does Josiah’s story teach us about Jehovah’s love for us?

6. As Psalm 9:10 shows, what will happen when we live in Jehovah’s heaven?

7. If we look at this example, what can happen if we continue to serve Jehovah?

JULY 2026 15

However, we should ask ourselves, ‘What does this mean about Jehovah God?’*

8 As we get closer to Jehovah, our relationship with him becomes closer. For example, when you read the Bible, watch the broadcast, or go to a church, how do you feel about it? At all times, we feel that we are very much dependent on our Father. Why? Because we are dependent on him. That makes us closer to Jehovah, and we are closer to him. We feel like the lamb when it thinks about how Jehovah loves it. He said: “God is good to his heart, and his way is eternal.” (Read Psalm 73:24-28.) If we all make our way to Jehovah’s heavenly presence, then we must be very confident that he is our God.

(Proverbs 3:5, 6) This means that we should reflect on what we learn about Jehovah and on the world in a way that makes us feel closer to him. Doing so will help us to be more concerned about our husbands and sons. For example, brothers and sisters often leave their husbands and sons behind so that they can’t see them all the time. This encourages them to be concerned about their husbands and sons all the time, and it helps them to be more concerned about their husbands and sons. It also encourages them to do something to make their husbands and sons happy. Similarly, if we love God as much as we love him, we will be able to live in harmony with him.—Psalm 19:13, 14.

(Genesis 1:26) When we learn about Jehovah’s purposes, we are encouraged to do so. Jesus rebuked the Pharisees and Sadducees because they did not care about God’s good pleasures. It seems that they knew the Lord’s purposes, but Jesus told them that “the things that are necessary in the Lord are righteousness, kindness, and truth.” (Matt. 23:23) When we try to do like them, we want to see how Jehovah’s good pleasures are reflected in the laws and regulations we read in the Bible. By doing so, we’ll be able to show them that we care about them.—1 John 4:8, 11.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT GOD?

11 How did you come to know the truth? Maybe your parents taught you about Jehovah. Maybe they taught you to follow the Bible, or they taught you how to do things that pleased Jehovah. Or maybe someone from among Jehovah’s Witnesses taught you the Bible. Then you can apply what you have learned from the Bible to the book Live Forever!, and see how things in the Bible match things that pleased Jehovah.* (Neh. 8:8; Deut. 14:17) Now, you can learn more about the truth from your parents.

* See the section entitled, “God’s Word is True,” section 20 in the headline of the Bible for Everyone.

* See chapter 07, sections 5-7 of the book Let’s Live Forever!

8. When we come to Jehovah’s heaven, how will that affect our relationship with him? (Psalm 73:24-28)

9. If we ‘respect’ Jehovah all the time, how does that affect our relationship with him? Give us an example.

10. When we learn about Jehovah, what will it inspire us to do?

11. How can you become the truth?

16 MONITORING MEETING

Consider the things that Jehovah has given you so that you may know him better (Read section 15)

Let’s consider what we can do to help ourselves learn more about Jehovah.

(Exodus 34:6, 7) At other times, it does so, but it does not talk about God’s will, but it talks about what God wants us to do. When you read the Bible in such a way, you may ask yourself, ‘What does this say about Jehovah?’

13 For example, if you read Jeremiah 38:6-13, you’ll find that an Ethiopian boy named Ebed-melech was sent to guard the prisoner Jeremiah. It’s likely that you’ll find ways in which you can take advantage of the sacrifice, patience, and love that Ebed-melech showed. However, you won’t be able to take advantage of the goodness that Jehovah showed in this case either. (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) For example, what does this verse show that Jehovah is compassionate, merciful, and attentive? And what is the most important thing you can learn about Jehovah from this story? Whenever you read a passage in the Bible, make sure that you focus on the things Jehovah has done for you, that you turn to Jehovah for help, and that you see him in the situations you are facing.

14 However, we can’t fully understand Jehovah if we don’t take advantage of his gifts. (Psalm 145:9, 10) Let’s take a look at what happens when we take advantage of his gifts. Some people take advantage of his gifts, but they don’t take advantage of God’s gifts, and they don’t take advantage of his goodness! Paul explained that “the gifts [of God] that are of love, that are his power that endures forever, and the power of God who is he, are great. For he follows the things he gives, and therefore they are good.” (Rom. 1:20) A Bible commentary says, “If a man thinks of things to be silly, he cannot have the pleasures of God.” This suggests that we should be mindful and think about things

12-13. What can we learn about Jehovah when we study the Bible? Give an example. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (Read also the header of the book.)

14. Why should we think carefully about the things that Jehovah has given us?

JULY 2026 17

and how the LORD has made them, and how his works have destroyed his servants.

15 When you’re in the middle of the night, you can’t put your mind at eating. Think of Patrick, who lives in Brazzaville, the capital of the Republic of the Congo. He says: “Every night, I go to watch a show. Sometimes I see young people who are tatting lowes and lowe craftsmen who are focused on something or someone. One night, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lowes. One day, I see lowe craftsmen who are tatting lo It seems that we are in the middle of the night, but there are some things that these craftsmen do, and they do them for their children.” While looking at the crafts, Brother Patrick thought deeply about what that might mean to him about the Lord. He said: “I learned that Jehovah takes care of all things that come from him, all the time, all the time again. That made me sure that whatever happens, Jehovah will take care of it, and he will provide for what I need.”

16 The third thing we can do to get to know God in heaven is to reflect on the things that God has done for us in the past. That’s how Jesus’ mother Mary did. She loved God, and ‘God was pleased with her.’ (Luke 1:30) Let God give her a special task. Let her tell Jesus that he is God’s Son. God sent the angel Gabriel and Mary’s mother Elizabeth to make Mary believe in God, and to give her the strength to do so.

15. What did brother Patrick do so that he could worship Jehovah in heaven, and what can you do to follow his example? (Watch the video.)

16. What did it mean for Jesus to take Mary to Jehovah’s heaven, and how can we follow in her footsteps? (See the video.)

Think about the things that Jehovah has done for you so that you may know him better (Read section 16)

18 MONITORING MEETING

(Luke 1:46-55) Just as Mary looked forward to what God had done for her, and looked up at what was happening, so do we look forward to what God does for us “in the right time.” (Heb. 4:16) If you find that some of your fears and fearfulness are overwhelming, ask yourself: ‘What does this mean to me about Jehovah? What do Jehovah’s servants learn from what he has done for me?’

WHAT YOU CAN DO TO HELP YOUR CHILDREN TO KNOW GOD

17 In the future, we will continue to study Jehovah. In the present time, Jehovah will provide us with inspirational books that will show us what he wants us to do. (Deuteronomy 20:12) We will take deceptive things to heart, and we will learn everything from them. (Isaiah 11:6-9) Moreover, if we focus our attention on our weaknesses to strengthen ourselves, and if we see how much he cares about us in our daily lives, then we will continue to study Jehovah in an inspired way.

18 What we learn about Jehovah is of great value, because he lives forever. Therefore, “he is the light of the world.” (Psalm 90:2; 147:5) Moreover, he says, “If the true God were to set forth his light for ever, man would not know the darkness.” (Proverbs 3:11) Therefore, let us walk in the truth, let us walk with the light, and let us all take every opportunity to learn all things from our loving Father.

17-18. Why do we have to continue to study about Jehovah?

18: A brother who is in trouble reflects on how Jehovah inspired him to do something he couldn’t have done if he had been put in the pit. 19: A brother who is in trouble reflects on how Jehovah inspired him to do something he couldn’t have done if he had been put in the pit. 20: A brother who is in trouble reflects on how Jehovah inspired him to do something he couldn’t have done if he had been put in the pit. 21: A brother who is in trouble reflects on how Jehovah inspired him to do something he couldn’t have done if he had been put in the pit. 22: A brother who is in trouble reflects on how Jehovah inspired him to do something he couldn’t have done if he had been put in the pit. 23: A brother who is in trouble reflects on how Jehovah inspired him to do something he couldn’t have done if he had been put in the pit.

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

■ What does it mean to pray to Jehovah?

■ Why is it important that we continue to worship Jehovah in heaven?

■ What way can we go to Jehovah in heaven?

LA 28 If You Don’t Give, Don’t Give to Jehovah

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

LA 79 I’ve Been In Love With You For A Long Time

HOW TO GET THE BEST RESULTS As you help your Bible reader learn more about Jehovah in heaven and on earth, he will also learn more about the things that please him and the things that he loves.

How I Learned to Love Jehovah

“If anyone is to have eternal life, it is necessary that he come to know your true God alone.”—JOHANNES 17:3.

IF you see a Bible reader who leaves the church after a meeting, then goes on to answer questions, then follows up on what he has read, and ultimately puts his faith in Jehovah to be baptized, how do you react? It’s amazing how much you’re excited! Indeed, we know that it is Jehovah who has put his faith in your Bible reader to do these things, so we are very grateful and thankful to him.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John 3, 4.

2 Jehovah wants “all the different kinds of people to be strengthened to the everlasting glory of the truth.” (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Therefore, Jehovah wants all people to come to him, and to know the greatness of his purpose for mankind. (Jer. 9:24) When that is not possible, he wants them to be strengthened to the everlasting glory of the truth. What is the “everlasting glory”? It means that one must know all things from God alone. One Bible scholar said that the everlasting glory is something that allows the one who is being strengthened to focus on God. As a Bible reader becomes closer to Jehovah, he or she gradually changes his or her beliefs, which in turn gives him or her the opportunity to have “stronger faith.”—John 17:3.

3 Jehovah gives us the opportunity to learn great things about him. In this study, we will consider the following questions: Why should Bible learners learn about Jehovah? How can we show them how Jehovah feels about them? What can we do to help them apply what they have learned about Jehovah to their lives?

1. What would you do if a Bible student stopped serving Jehovah?

2. What does Jehovah want us to do for the Bible church? —1 Timothy 2:3, 4.

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

20

WHO WRITTEN THE BIBLE THAT DID GOD HAPPINESS

4 Jesus asked us to love Jehovah with all our heart and with all our soul and with all our mind and with all our strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) When a Bible reader loves Jehovah, let him know that we love him. We want a Bible reader to show love for Jehovah, whether it’s for us, a Bible teacher, or the church. Therefore, the first thing we should do when we read the Bible is to let him know that we love Jehovah so that he will love us.

5 There is a distinction between love and loyalty. When a Bible reader becomes close to God in heaven and loves him, he will be encouraged to follow him. Jesus said: “As soon as he knows that I love the Father, I do as the Father has commanded me to do.” (John 14:31) Similarly, when a Bible reader becomes close to Jehovah, he will be encouraged to follow him and be faithful to him.—1 John 5:3.

6 When a Bible reader comes to Jehovah’s presence, it will cause him to learn how to look at things in different ways. For example, if a person finds himself in a situation where he has to look at things in a different way, or if he reads a book about how to look at things in a different way, he will find himself in a situation where he has to look at things in a different way. Instead, he will find himself in a situation where he has to look at things in a different way, and he will learn how to look at things in a different way. Similarly, when a Bible reader wants to know Jehovah, he must study the Bible alone. However, he should apply the Bible’s principles to his daily life, and if he finds that doing so helps him to live a good life, then that will help him to come closer to Jehovah. If he learns about Jehovah in every aspect of his life, and if he finds that Jehovah’s ways of helping him are different, then that will help him to find ways of helping himself in different situations.

(Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) Joseph learned about God when he was a young man, and he learned about God when he was a man. (Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) Joseph learned about God when he was a young man, and he learned about God when he was a man. (Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) Joseph learned about God when he was a young man, and he learned about God when he was a young man. (Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) Joseph learned about God when he was a young man, and he learned about God when he was a young man. (Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) Joseph learned about God when he was a young man, and he learned about God when he was a young man. (Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) Joseph learned about God when he was a young man, and he learned about God when he was a young man. (Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) Joseph learned about God when he was a young man, and he learned about God when he was a young man. (Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) Joseph learned about God when he was a young man. He knew what pleased God, so he continued to do what pleased him. When we encourage our Bible students to come to Jehovah, we will encourage them to do what pleased him.

READ THE BIBLE TO KNOW MORE ABOUT GOD

8 What can you do to show your Bible reader how Jehovah cares? Jehovah gave Job 50 years to live, and then made him go up to Jehovah’s heaven! (Job 38:1–41:34) We too can ask questions. The questions in the book Live Forever! will help a Bible reader to understand how Jehovah cares. (See the section entitled “Questions That Help Us Live Forever.”) Therefore, ask questions that will help your Bible reader to understand how Jehovah cares.

4. As Mark 12:30 shows, what are some of the things we should be concerned about when we study the Bible?

5. When a Bible reader becomes fond of Jehovah, what will inspire him to do?

6. If a Bible reader came to Jehovah’s presence, how would he then know that he was in heaven? Give an example.

7. How do Jehovah and Joseph live by the wisdom of Joseph’s experiences?

8. How can the book How Can You Live Forever! inspire a Bible reader to come closer to Jehovah?

JULY 2026 21

Things We Should Know Before We Die

All of the questions in the book Learn to Love and Love Your Neighbor! will help those who read the Bible with us to learn more about Jehovah. These questions include:

“How Does Jehovah Respect Those Who Believe in the Good News?” (Lesson 21)

‘How does what you have learned about Jehovah and Jesus help you understand that there will be a judgment at Armageddon?’ (Lesson 33)

“How does Jehovah feel about you doing something about yourself and reading it regularly? Why?” (Lesson 34)

“How do you think Jehovah would be pleased if you did something to serve him in the best way possible?” (Lesson 42)

“What do we learn from the way Jehovah handles things in this chapter?” (Lesson 56)

“But how does Jehovah’s treatment of sinners show that he is merciful, forgiving, and loving?” (Lesson 57)

These inspire the Bible reader to come to Jehovah.

9 If we focus on studying the Bible, we encourage our Bible reader to continue reading the Bible. * How can we help our Bible reader learn more about Jehovah when he reads the Bible? We can’t tell our Bible reader that reading the Bible will help him to understand the reasons why God has sent his angels to kill his enemies, and what that means for him about God. Jacob gave an example of this when he talked about the story of Job. Not only did Jacob talk about Job’s suffering, but he also talked about Jehovah’s desires, namely, forgiveness and mercy. —Read James 5:11.

10 When our Bible students read a Bible passage, we want them to be able to distinguish between what Jehovah likes and what he does not like in the passage in question. For example, when one of our Bible students went to the section entitled “Read the Bible with Love” in the book Let’s Live Forever!, and said that he wanted to read Daniel’s account of what happened to the Jews, we can encourage him to consider the following questions: “Why did Jehovah like Daniel? What does this statement mean about things that God likes?” (Dan. 6:10, 22) He might also ask: ‘What happened to the young men who were taken from Daniel’s house? What does this say about the things that are in Jehovah’s mind?’ (Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) Instead, we can encourage him to think carefully about what he can do.

* This is what chapter 5 of the book Forever Living! tells you: “Look at the section entitled ‘Learn to Read the Bible’, so that it will inspire you to continue reading the Bible.”

9-10. (a) What will inspire Bible readers to learn everything about Jehovah in the Bible superstitions? (James 5:11) (b) Following Daniel’s example, how can the superstitions inspire a Bible reader to learn what Jehovah wants and what he wants?

Teach your Bible reader how to find out more about Jehovah when he or she reads a Bible passage that interests him or her. (Read sections 12-13.)

We will learn how to praise Jehovah in this story.—Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 If we see that our Bible reader is interested in the things he has read in the Bible, it is good for us to think about it. We should consider what he sees that Jehovah, our Father, is saying in the Bible. (Isaiah 30:20, 21) Then our Bible reader will be interested in what we say in the Bible, or at least he will be interested in how we try to explain it to him. It means that while we may be interested in something, we should always recognize that Jehovah is what he says in the Bible, and so he should be interested in what we say in the Bible.

HE MAKED THE BIBLE STUDY THAT HE HAD WITH HIM AND THE STUDY THAT HE HAD WITH GOD TO BE SUCCESSFUL

12 A Bible reader should put what he has learned about Jehovah into practice in his life.

11. Why is it important to help our Bible readers see that it is Jehovah who is teaching them?

12-13. If a Bible reader knows that Jehovah is in heaven, how does that help him to understand a Bible passage that he is reading? (See also the footnote.)

What can you do to encourage your Bible reader to do that? One way you can do that is to show him that he is thinking about Jehovah when he reads a Bible story that interests him. For example, if he reads a Bible story about how God made certain things happen in the past, then he might be inspired to think about how God made some people feel bad about himself and how he took some people’s power away. If so, what can you do to inspire him to think about how God made some people feel bad about themselves and how he took some people’s power away?

13 You can encourage your Bible reader to reflect on what he or she has learned about Jehovah. You can encourage him or her to ask: “Why does Jehovah use power?” (2 Pet. 3:9) “What is it that he sacrifices so that we may use his power to become wicked?” (Eph. 2:4, 5) “Doesn’t Jehovah forgive those who forgive?” (Exodus 34:6, 7) In some cases, the Bible gives us all the information we need to help us understand how God uses power to do things in our lives.

JULY 2026 23

Because we know our God, and because we have confidence that he does what he says he does, it is important for us to know these things.

14 What can you do to encourage your Bible student to put what he has learned about Jehovah into practice? Let’s say your Bible student is a member of the congregation, and he tells you that he is going out with a brother in the congregation. Then the brother does something that makes him feel bad. What would you do to encourage him? Encourage him to think about how Jehovah treats his brothers and sisters in the congregation. For example, he might ask himself: ‘What sacrifices does Jehovah make to show that he loves them?’ (John 3:16) Why does Jehovah care about what we do? (Psalm 133:1) How does Jehovah look at us when we decide to put an end to our differences? (2 Cor. 13:11) May your Bible reader find that he feels greatly about us when we focus our attention on the good things our brothers and sisters have to say and on their hardships.

14. What can you do to convince a Bible learner who has come to you to tell you that he or she is with a brother or sister in the congregation to leave?

The Bible reader is encouraged to take steps to satisfy Jehovah’s desires. (Read chapters 15-16.)

15 Moreover, you can’t convince your Bible reader to take what he has learned about Jehovah to heart. You can’t divert his attention from reading chapter 35, “What We Can Learn from What We Have Learned,” in the book Forever Living! If your Bible reader prays and reads about something, does he have to take it to heart too? Then he must take all the Bible verses related to the subject to heart, so that he understands what he is saying. (John 8:29) Give your Bible reader the courage to ask, ‘But what of the things that you say, and what of the things that you have learned about Jehovah, will please Jehovah if you do?’ The best way to satisfy Jehovah is to do all of the things that please him. (John 8:29) You can also encourage your Bible reader to ask, ‘What of the things that you say, and what of the things that you have learned about Jehovah, will please Jehovah if you do?’ The best way to satisfy Jehovah is to do all of the things that please him.

16 Therefore, it became important for a young man in Chile who was studying the Bible that he would spend some time in the church. His wife believed that he was engaged in a work that would make him feel good. If he was engaged in that work, he would be able to attend church meetings. Marianne, who was studying the Bible with him, said: “I encouraged him to think about how the way he spent his time in the church would make Jehovah look at him. Wouldn’t it make him feel better about himself?”

15-16. (a) If it is important for a Bible reader who has had a bad experience, what steps would she take to learn from Jesus’ example? (John 8:29) (b) What did Marianne do to help her Bible reader who had a bad experience? (See footnote.)

24 MONITORING

I encouraged her to pray to Jehovah about the matter, and to see how Jehovah would deal with her. At the same time, I encouraged her to focus on what she was doing. I encouraged her to work hard so that she would be able to attend all the meetings of the congregation.” I remember Marianne giving her Bible teacher the time she needed, but he encouraged her to keep her focus on what she knew about Jehovah. This led to a good relationship between her and Marianne, and even though she was sick, she was very devoted to Jehovah. Marie-Anne told her Bible reader: “It seems that if we take the service of Jehovah as a part of our life, it will certainly benefit us.”

GOD WILL HELP YOU WHEN YOU NEED IT MOST

17 When we teach our Bible students to read the Bible, we teach them all the important things. For example, we teach them some of the Bible’s most important teachings, such as what happened to the Jews, when Jesus died, and when God’s Kingdom will come to pass. We teach them how the church is governed, what happens in the church chambers, what church leaders do, and what the Watch Tower Society does. As we’ve seen in this study, these are the things we want our Bible students to learn. We want them to learn more about Jehovah.

18 This is a great way for us to show others how to come to Jehovah! Now, those who come to Jehovah and serve him will have great joy and good fortune. (Psalm 25:12-15) Moreover, all who come to Jehovah, “he who is true,” will have eternal life. (1 John 5:20) The Bible tells us that those who choose to come to Jehovah and use their good deeds to show that they love him, ‘God will come to them.’ (1 Corinthians 8:3) Yes, Jehovah God will always be with them when he calls them to his court. Thus, the more we know the true God, the more we will be happy!

18. What blessings will those who come to Jehovah receive?

17. Based on the Bible teachings that we want our Bible readers to read, what is the most important thing that we want them to know?

CHAPTER 24: A story about Marianne and her study of the Bible while she was on a mission

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

■ Why is it important for a Bible reader to know Jehovah?

■ How can we show our Bible readers how Jehovah feels about them?

■ How can we encourage a Bible student to put what he has learned about Jehovah into practice in his life?

LA 84

Ha Waa Ye Bua

THE WORLD IS GOOD

Jehovah Knows I Should Give My Neighbor Everything

KEN KIUCHI NYA MI MUNYU

It was in the evening when I went to work at Brooklyn Betel in New York City, U.S.A. When I looked at the book, I was amazed at how clearly and carefully they were telling people what they were doing. The women who were telling them what they were doing were dressed in white, and the clothes they were wearing were covered in white.

When I went to Bethel, I saw a lot of good things happening, and one of the things that inspired me most was the brothers and sisters who were serving in the community. These young men and women were very dedicated to the work they were doing. It seemed to me that the work they were doing was difficult, but they were very joyful. That example showed me that I should be dedicated to serving God.

Jehovah has trained me to be a good citizen. In the meantime, let me show you how I preached the truth when I was at the Buddhist university.

YOU HAVE A QUESTION GOD HAS ASKED YOU TO ASK

I was born in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A., and I lived there with my parents. I was three years old, and I was a teacher. The Japanese people were very friendly, and they thought that if they wanted to have a good future in the United States, they needed to come to live there. They wanted us, their children, to go to school so that we could have a good future.

His parents went to Buda university to study. In my mother’s way of life, when he was going to school, a Buda sholem was placed in the building. His father and two brothers served as head priests in the Buda university. Therefore, we all went to Buda university to study. When I was going to school, the most difficult thing I would do was to stuff a shovel with a piece of paper and put it in the Buda amaga that was in the building, and I would give it nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine

I remember that when I was about to go to bed, I sat on the side of the bed in my room and thought about it. I asked myself: ‘What will happen if I die?’ I was taught at the Buddhist university that if I die, I will go on a lifetime in the dead. Therefore, I assumed that I would die likewise. Until I died and became a dead man, I would not have a lifetime as a human being. That made me think a lot, and I thought that there was something wrong with me!

When I was about 15 years old, I began to think about the things I was doing at the Buddhist university. I realized that something was wrong with my life. (Matt. 5:3) I am convinced that there is one God.

26

MONITORING COMMITTEE

When I read the King James Version of the Bible, I realized that it was the only Bible that could answer all of my questions, and that it was the only Bible that could answer all of my questions. It was a great pleasure to read the King James Version of the Bible when I was a child. It was a great pleasure to read the Bible when I was a child!

One day, while I was sitting on the sidewalk, I met a young man named Wilson Bashou. I am now 17 years old. He asked me, “Do you know how Jehovah plans for the future?” That question led me to study the Bible more closely. Wilson read Ecclesiastes 17:1, and he asked me, “What is the meaning of the ‘new baby’ that the babysitter keeps in there?” I said, “I do.” So he read chapter 15, which tells us that babies keep on growing. That led me to learn that Jehovah’s Witnesses use Bible verses to explain the Bible verses that are mentioned in the Bible. I was very upset. When we learned the truth, Wilson sent me a copy of The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life, which changed my life forever.

After my graduation, I joined the congregation. After that, I went to Kingdom Services. In the beginning, I was very concerned about my brothers and sisters. Later, I became a regular member of the congregation. Later, Wilson and I studied the Bible together. He was so impressed with what I was studying that sometimes we spent 20 minutes studying the Bible together. My brothers and sisters were so impressed that I was studying the Bible that they started to worry about me. Throughout the course of this book, I continued to study the Bible, and I became convinced that what I was studying was the truth. As a result, I was baptized in 1983.

I KPA UNIVERSITY YAMI AND I BA PEE BLOW GBALƆ

When I was baptized, I was currently studying to become a doctor at a prestigious university. My parents were very excited to see me attend that university, but I didn’t want to go to that university because I wanted to devote my life to serving Jehovah.

When my dad told me, “When you go to college, I’ll want you to stay with me!” I knew I had to do something, because I loved my musicians, and I wanted to do something for them. Sometimes, when I go to college, I’m sick and tired, and I pray a lot. I pray to Jehovah, “I’m sorry, please give me the strength to keep going.” When I went to college, my dad said, “When you go to college, I’ll want you to stay with me.” I called Wilson and told him what was going on. He told me to go and see him. Therefore, I put all my possessions in a small bag, and walked to the house of Wilson. As I walked into the house, I thought that something was going on with me, because I knew that I was going to die.

I did what they told me to do! I was happy now that I could devote my whole life to serving Jehovah. So, in 1984, I left the military service.

When I was serving as a volunteer, Jehovah showed me that I could do all the good things. One day, I was sick. One day, he made me want to go to the hospital. He didn’t want me because I needed someone to go to the hospital with. Yet, I went. When I was about two minutes away, I decided to go to the hospital with someone else. At this time, they left me alone, and he did what I wanted him to do. He made me feel good.

I am Wilson Bashou to show you the truth

PARKING

JULY 2026 27

I am with the people who are sick at the Womi Peemi Home in Brooklyn

I'm Michiko Oda and her husband is still alive.

When I looked at him, I saw a man standing there. I thought he was a man of good character. I was surprised to find out that he was a man of good character. I started studying the Bible with him, and as a result, he started serving Jehovah.

I'M A SOCIAL WORKER AT BROOKLYN BETEL

Two years after I met Wilson, I was told that I was going to serve at Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As I had told them, I was sent to work in the publishing department. During one of my lectures, I committed a sin that caused thousands of books to be published. The brothers I worked with at the Publishing Department told me that I was going to leave the ministry. So I went and told them the truth of the story, that there was something I needed to do. I was very excited. As a result, the superintendent was very happy to tell me, “Whatever you’re going through, it’s going to seem like you’re going through.” That made me realize that I should focus on what I’m going through and be more concerned about it.

A good example from faithful brothers who served at Bethel helped me understand how important it is to serve others. One time when we were working together on Bethel work, I and Brother Milton Henschel, who was a member of the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania, were on a mission trip. At the same time, people were increasingly interested in the work of Jehovah’s Witnesses. Therefore, the brothers who served at Bethel were determined to do everything they could to help them. Let our brothers who served at Bethel be able to speak with confidence about the work of Jehovah’s Witnesses. Brother Henschel, however, did not want to go to the prisoners’ house, but instead went to the place where Brother Henschel had been imprisoned. He took the place where Brother Henschel had been imprisoned, which reminds me of what Jesus said when he told his disciples about the prisoners.—John 13:3-5.

“WE SHOULD HAVE BEEN IN JAPAN BEFORE!”

In 1987, I had a chance to go to Japan. My brothers and sisters in the country were in a hurry to go to Japan. That gave me a lot of strength. I wanted to go to Japan.

28 MONITORING MEETING

When I was studying Japanese in the community service, I noticed Japan Day. A Bethel sister named Michiko Oda looked at me and said, “You should study Japan Day!” So I decided to do so. This book changed my life.

In 1989, I attended a Japanese Day service in Los Angeles, California. It was the first time that I had attended a Japanese Day service. I met a sister named Miwako Onami, who was a street performer, and she showed me how much she loved the people who performed the drama.

I met Miwako in 1992, and we were invited to serve together at Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako thought about it, and she was happy about it. At all times, she promised me that she would help me. Her example was a great inspiration for me to learn how to help others grow up. Miwako was an inspiration for me to go to Jehovah. At all times, she helped me to grow up in the way I wanted to.

JAPAN BETEL, THE WORLD’S LARGEST AND WORLD’S LARGEST BETEL

When we were young, Miwako’s parents in Japan were very concerned about us. Therefore, in 1999, we were sent to serve in the congregation in Japan, so that we could look after them closely.

The brothers and sisters who serve at Bethel in Japan make us feel like we are part of something great, and that makes us feel proud. The brothers and sisters who serve at Bethel in Japan are very joyful, and they do a lot of good work. The good work that they do gives them great strength. They do a great job. And they work hard. Because in the Japanese way of thinking, if they have to do something, they do it in a spirit of joy, rather than in a spirit of hard work. That makes them work hard. His good example encouraged me to take the time to work hard with my brothers and sisters. It also encouraged me to be grateful for the good things I do in Jehovah’s service, because that helps me grow in love with Jehovah.

Ligbi nɛ wa sɛ gba si himi mi

Sometimes, the way brothers and sisters in the congregation deal with certain things makes me feel guilty because it distorts how we deal with them. I learned that if I feel guilty about something, I need to take my heart away and do something to get rid of it. Gradually, I changed my mind, and I realized that it is not possible for God to override all the directions his congregation has given us to follow, because it is only God who makes things happen.

When Moses served as a watchman for the next 40 years, Jehovah continued to train him to do what he wanted to do. As Moses did, I went to the same university. The university I went to was the one I wanted to go to, and I went to it for myself. When I went to Bethel, I learned that it was right for me to turn my attention to Jehovah. Just as Jehovah was willing to train Moses, so he was willing to help me in my later life.

JULY 2026 29

We watched Miwako’s parents for 24 years before they died. We needed to call Miwako’s parents and the doctors who were looking at them to see if they were well. That made us very sad. One day, Miwako’s mother’s heart started beating faster than usual. That made us force her to go to congregational meetings, and when she was a few weeks old before she died, she was in a wheelchair. It seemed that even though she was away from her mother, her love for Jehovah was growing. She always spoke the truth with joy. I think that Miwako’s mother, Masako, despite the pain of her death, went on to serve Jehovah with joy. That is a good example that I would like to learn.

We’ve been serving at Bethel for 30 years. In 2024, we’ll be serving as volunteers in the nearby island state of Okinawa. We’ll have the opportunity to help families. We’ll have the opportunity to help families who live in the same area as us. Our experiences at Bethel have helped us make changes to our way of doing community service. We’ve changed our way of thinking about things so that we can focus on community service. We are very proud to have been chosen by God to study the Bible. We have learned how important it is for us to love others as much as we do ourselves, and we continue to be grateful to God for giving us the opportunity to do this work.

YOU WILL FIND OUT WHY GOD WANTS YOU TO DO WHAT HE HAS DESIRED YOU TO DO

(Mark 10:29, 30) Jesus said that if one of his disciples was taken away, he would have many brothers and sisters who would be like him. (Luke 10:29, 30) Jesus’ words were true. In truth, brothers and sisters who are away from home show love for one another by keeping an eye on their own family, and I wouldn’t be alone. (Luke 10:29, 30) Jesus’ words were true, and I wouldn’t be alone. (Luke 10:29, 30) Jesus’ words were true, and I wouldn’t be alone. (Luke 10:29, 30) In fact, brothers and sisters who are away from home show love for one another by keeping an eye on their own family, and I wouldn’t be alone. (Luke 10:29, 30) Jesus’ words were true, and I wouldn’t be alone. (Luke 10:29, 30) Jesus’ words were true, and I wouldn’t be alone. (Luke 10:29, 30) Jesus’ words were true, and I wouldn’t be alone. (Luke 10:29, 30) Jesus’ words were true, and I wouldn’t be alone. (Luke 10:29, 30)

The book that Wilson sent me, Truth, still exists today. Every time I read it, I follow the path that Jehovah has taken to bring me to know him. (1 Chron. 28:9) Therefore, I am determined to allow Jehovah to train me in ways that will help others learn the truth and gain eternal life.

When I Served at Betel in Japan

I am Miwako who lives in Okinawa

30 MONITORING MEETING

If You Have A Problem With Your Boyfriend or Girlfriend, Talk to Him or Her!

If a brother or sister does something to you that makes you angry, and therefore you lose your affection for him or her, then it is best that you take your time and do something about it, so that you may have a good affection for each other.*

For example, if a person dies, and a doctor puts him on a bed, and he finds that the wound is permanent, the wound will heal. So if they put you on a bed again, he will go on to give it to him. What is most likely is that the wound is permanent, and it will heal.

The same applies to ourselves. If we have a problem with a brother or sister, we need to take care of it. If we do so, we’ll be able to improve our relationship with our brother or sister, and that will help us to have a good relationship with him or her for the rest of our lives. Jesus teaches us that we need to ‘do what is right between us’ when we have a problem. (Matt. 5:25) Therefore, go to your brother or sister, talk to him or her in a joyful way, and tell him or her what is wrong with you. Sometimes doing so can be a good thing. Why? Let’s look at two examples from the Bible.

In any case, it is not possible for you to ignore the message while you are doing it, for otherwise, you will not be able to go with your brother.

* If a dispute arises between two Christians, let only the two of them be able to resolve it, and let them take care of their suffering. (Matt. 5:23, 24) If there are issues that are in dispute, you may need to ask your elders for their help. (Matt. 18:17) Before you ask your elders for their help, take Matthew 18:15, 16 into consideration, so that you don’t lose your chance to do so.

Consider the Christians Euodia and Sintike. A grievance arose, and it caused them to suffer. It could not have been their fault that the grievance had arisen, because Paul remembered the saying when he was imprisoned in Rome. Therefore, Paul urged them to put a stop to the grievance so that there might be peace. (Phil. 4:2) If the grievance was resolved, and the person concerned himself with the grievance in his heart, and the grievance was forgiven, then there would be a good harmony between them.

Instead, you will make sure that your brother or sister feels comfortable with the fact that he or she is being abused. In other words, we want to settle our differences with our brother or sister by going out and showing him or her what is wrong and what is right. Just as a doctor decides what he or she can’t do to help a patient, we should do the same thing when we have a problem with our brother or sister. If you and your brother or sister are in trouble, you should try to settle your differences with him or her, but do everything you can to help him or her become a brother or sister. This is very important.

If there is a dispute between you and a brother or sister, try to find a way of resolving it before you go to bed, so that you can put an end to the tension that is between you. “Let there be nothing in your heart that [you] do not like.” (Eph. 4:26) If we try to find a way of resolving it, it will help us to create “a joyful atmosphere that encourages [us] to do good” in the congregation.—Eph. 4:1-3.

* If a brother or sister does something that hurts us, we can say that we are sorry, even if it is something that would damage our good relationship with him or her.—Proverbs 26:20.

JULY 2026 31

HOW DOES THE MONITORING OF GOD’S WORSHIP WORK?

July 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 7 DANGME

MUNYUHI NƐ NGƐ MI

Monthly Readings for September 7-13 | 2

Moo Kase Gibeonbi Ome

Monthly Readings for September 14-20 | 8

Isaiah Womi ɔ Ma Nɛ Ma Wo O Bua

Monthly Readings for September 21-27 | 14

Be the One Who Loves Jehovah

September 28–October 4 | 20

How I Learned to Love Jehovah

Healthy Living | 26

Jehovah Knows I Should Give My Neighbor Everything

If You’re Afraid of Your Brother, Don’t Be Afraid of Yourself! | 31

YOU ARE THE ONE YOU ARE

Mo Dla O He Konɛ O Ha Sane Heto Nɛ Maa Wo Ni Kpahi He Wami

When we join the congregation, we have the opportunity to encourage our brothers and sisters to respond promptly to our concerns. (Heb. 10:24, 25) What can help us to respond in a way that is beneficial to our brothers and sisters?

• Pray to Jehovah. Ask Jehovah to give you guidance so that your decisions will please him, and he will give you peace of mind.—Psalm 35:18.

• Find a way to answer the questions in the book. By answering the questions yourself, you will show others how much you love Jehovah, and they won’t be surprised.

• Keep your answers concise. At the same time, keeping your answers concise helps your brothers and sisters feel stronger and gives them the opportunity to speak out in the congregation.—Proverbs 10:19.

• Make sure that your answers inspire others. When you’re answering, don’t use your words to discredit your fellow Christians or the congregation.

If you listen to them, you won’t be able to trust them. You won’t be able to trust them if you listen to them frequently, and if you don’t listen to them because of what they say.—Proverbs 10:21.

We’re grateful for your support. It’s a great way to keep Bible education going, and people love it when we give them something to do. If you’re interested in helping, we encourage you to visit donate.jw.org.

The chapters in the book are entitled The Great Book—Let’s Take a Closer Look. If we take a closer look and apply it to a particular topic, we’ll get a clearer picture.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org or scan this code

JW.ORG

w26.07-DG