AUGUST 2026

MONITORING COMMITTEE

HOW THE LORD HAS MADE HIS WORSHIP WORSHIP

HOW YOU CAN GET THE WORST OUT OF IT:

OCTOBER 5-NOVEMBER 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

LA 55 I'm Your Man!

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

Let not Satan deceive you from putting your trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

Believe in Jehovah and Jesus, and He Will Defeat Satan

“Take heed to your neighbor, and he will hear you.”—JACK 4:7.

When we decide to serve Jehovah, Satan and his demons are very angry with us. Therefore, he creates an opportunity to make us stop serving him. Satan knows that if we do what he wants us to do, he will help us and he won’t let us down. Therefore, Satan creates an opportunity to make us stop serving him so that he can help us too. One way he does this is by making us believe that Jehovah and his Son know about us.—2 Cor. 11:14; James 1:6.

2 When trust is at stake, it is very important that people put their trust in their elders. If they put their trust in their elders, everyone will do what he wants, and then their power will be used against him. In a way, we too are trusted, and we are “sinners” at stake. (Eph. 6:12) Satan the Destroyer knows that if we put our trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ, we will put our trust in them as well. Therefore, he does everything in his power to make sure that we put our trust in them as well. In this lesson, we will look at how Satan used to deceive people in the past, how he continues to do so today, and how we can deal with Satan’s deceptions. In this lesson, we will look at how we can deal with Satan’s deceptions.

1. What are some of the tricks Satan uses to distract us from serving Jehovah?

2. Why is it so important for us to have confidence in Jehovah and Jesus?

2

Instead, we will consider two tricks that Satan uses to deceive us from the love of Jehovah.*

Satan tries to deceive us to believe in God and Jesus.

3 When Jehovah created Adam and Eve for a century, Satan wanted Adam and Eve to obey Jehovah. So he asked Eve: “Didn’t God want you to be the only ones to eat of the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil?” (Genesis 3:1-5) Satan wanted Eve to believe that her Lord would provide her and her husband with all the good things they needed. That was a mistake, and Eve made Satan’s mistake. The truth is that Adam and Eve disobeyed Jehovah, the one who provided them with all the good things, and went after Satan, the evil one.—Genesis 3:6.

4 During the time of Adam and Eve, Satan made it clear that he was acting against Jehovah. For example, Satan used Job’s three sentences to make him believe that he was acting against Jehovah. Satan wanted Job to think that he was acting against Jehovah, and that if Job was acting against Jehovah, he was acting against the truth of God. (Job 22:1-3) Job thought that if he was acting against Job, he would be acting against the truth of God. It is clear that Satan was acting against Job so that Job would be acting against the truth of God, which is his truth.—Job 27:1, 5.

5 And when he was come to the sea, Satan entered into him, that he might cause them to take him away from them.

* Let Satan take all the troubles we have in the congregation and bring them upon us. Let him stir up the minds of those who serve Jehovah, who do things like him, so that he may lead them to worship our God. Therefore, when Satan attacks us, he attacks us, and we know that he is behind all the troubles we have in the congregation in Jehovah’s service, because he is with us.—1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

3. What did Satan do to undermine Eve’s trust in Jehovah?

4. How did Satan want Job to worship Jehovah?

5. What did Satan do to cause the people who arrested Jesus to take him away? (Matthew 11:19)

The result was that the leaders of the church and some of those who believed that Jesus was the Messiah took Jesus’ words for granted, and in the end, they condemned him and put him on trial. —Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 When Jesus was born, Satan planned to cause the disciples of Jesus to be put to death. Indeed, because Satan thought that those who believed that Jesus was God’s Son were going to die, he persuaded some of the disciples of Jesus to go and kill Jesus. (Matt. 28:11-15) Satan then caused the elders and priests of the church to be very angry with Jesus’ disciples. Satan thought that this would cause them to turn away so that they could not do the work that Jesus asked them to do.—Neh. 7:57-8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

7 It is obvious that even though Christians in the past were willing to be seduced, it was only when Jesus’ followers became faithful that they became seduced. It is clear that Satan and his demons are behind the seduction. (Neh. 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) What kinds of tricks does Satan use today to get us to stop serving Jehovah? Let’s take a look at them.

What Satan Wants to Do to Deceive God and Jesus

8 Today, Satan’s greatest threat is to deceive those who know the truth about Jehovah and Jesus. Because Satan is “the la-kpa a e father,” he promptly deceives people by telling them false things about Jehovah and Jesus. (John 8:44) He makes people think that they are the same as Jehovah and Jesus. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) For example, some la-kpa jami heads teach people that they are the same as Jehovah and Jesus.

6-7. What did Satan do to discourage Jesus’ disciples?

8. In what way did Satan deceive the people in the way Jehovah and Jesus deceived them?

AUGUST 2026 3

Those who live in Satan’s world make it difficult for us to believe that the laws that Jehovah has made for what is right and what is wrong are true.

(See Figure 11)

(Matt. 4:10; Jn. 4:23) This is a great lesson for all of us. Therefore, when we teach the truth to others, we are often punished, and sometimes we are forced to give up our ministry. But when we teach the truth to others, we are not punished, and sometimes we are not forced to give up our ministry.

9 When you do something that you can’t do in private, it’s important that you know the name of Jehovah. The Bible shows that if we know the name of Jehovah and put our trust in him, he will make us feel better. (Proverbs 18:10) To persuade people who know the name of Jehovah to do evil to him, Satan uses various means to make people know the name of Jehovah. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) For example, he requires that all Bible scholars use the name of God in the Bibles they teach. He also requires that the scholars teach people that God is the cause of human beings’ existence. As a result, everyone worships God, and they think that God will do the same with them. (James 4:8) Satan also provides a way to cause those who serve Jehovah to worship him.

10 When we are in trouble at the meeting, Satan wants

9. What did Satan do to make people who called on Jehovah know his name? —Jeremiah 23:26, 27.

10. What can lead a Christian to love Jehovah?

4 MONITORING

(Proverbs 19:3) If we love God, then we should ask ourselves: ‘If God wants me to win, why should I do what he wants me to do?’ This kind of thought may lead us to do what Satan wants us to do. (Proverbs 19:3) If we love God, then we should ask ourselves: ‘If God wants me to win, why should I do what he wants me to do?’ This kind of thought may lead us to do what Satan wants us to do.

11 Satan is trying to get us to ignore the laws that God has set for us, and to do what he wants us to do. One of the means he uses to do this is the Internet. For example, people are expressing their opinions on social media, and the laws in the Bible are considered to be becoming more and more popular. Therefore, everything is not going to be as he wants it to be. Because Satan is “the one who follows the way,” he wants everyone to behave as he wants to behave, and to behave as he wants to behave.—John 14:30; Isaiah 5:20; 1 Timothy 4:1, 2.

12 When we look at what people are doing on social media, it helps us to see that Jehovah is doing things for us. A sister named Shannon* says: “It helps me when I realize that what I’m studying at school and what I’m doing outside of school influences my thoughts in a way that I don’t think about. I think about things that make Jehovah happy. I read about what people are doing on social media, and that makes me want to do the things that he does. As a result, I learned to live in harmony with Jehovah, and when I’m together with other members of the congregation, I’m happy.” In the end, Shannon found a way to return to Jehovah, and Satan also tried to influence her thoughts. What did that help her?

* Title changed.

11. What is Satan trying to do today to get us to be loyal to Jehovah? (See also the footnote.)

12. Why is it important that we consider the things that people say about us and do not take them seriously?

13 Shannon realized that she needed to take a lot of time to get to know Jehovah and Jesus. She said: “I prayed to Jehovah that he would give me a good heart, and then I read things in the congregation’s books. The video, Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends?, which I watched, was very inspiring.* The young man in the video I’ve just watched was very angry with me at the meeting. He was so angry that he told his parents to help him. So I decided to listen to his example. I also asked my parents, elders, and some sisters who lived with me in the as-fo to help me get more confidence in myself. I realized that before I could serve Jehovah in heaven, I needed to have a good relationship with my parents, elders, and sisters, and to be sure that what I learned from the Bible was true.”

I HAVE A FRIEND IN GOD AND JESUS LOVES YOU SO MUCH

14 As we become closer to Jehovah, we become closer to people who love him. (James 4:4) Moreover, everything we read or read often on the Internet affects us. For example, if there is something about us that is 100 percent true, it will affect us all the time. If we read the Bible and the church books together, and if we are Christians who are 100 percent faithful, there will be something that will help us to be closer to God.

* When you visit jw.org and the JW Library, you’ll find articles that will help you build a strong relationship with Jehovah.

13. What did you learn from Shannon’s experience?

14. What can we do to prevent Satan from destroying our faith? (See also the following paragraph.)

AUGUST 2026 | 5

FREE BIBLE COURSE

By maintaining a close relationship with Jehovah and reflecting on the things he does for us in the Bible, we will be able to resist Satan’s temptations. (Read section 14.)

(Proverbs 13:20; Proverbs 17:11) If we know the truth, it will help us to avoid things that are wrong, and we will not allow Satan to undermine our faith in Jehovah.—Proverbs 13:20; Proverbs 17:11.

15 When we read the Bible and learn about Jehovah and Jesus, we can be sure that they truly love us and want us to be happy. (Proverbs 22:19) When we look at the things that show that Jehovah and Jesus care about people, we can see that they are good people, and we can’t let ourselves be deceived by them. There are many examples in the Bible that show how much Jehovah and Jesus love us. For example, Jehovah shows that his love for his Son is manifested in his love for his Son. (Isa. 49:15) He calls those who love his name “the things that are in our hearts.” (Mal. 3:16, 17, 18) The Bible gives us words that Jesus used to show that he loves us so much that he died for us.—John 15:12, 13.

16 Remember how Jehovah and Jesus were victorious

15. What can we do to be sure that Jehovah and Jesus love us and want us to be happy?

16. How can we be inspired by the things Jehovah has done for us in the past? —Psalm 118:5, 6.

6 MONITORING

(Proverbs 22:17) If we do this, we can be sure that whatever difficulty we encounter, Jehovah and Jesus will help us overcome it. —Read Psalm 118:5, 6. (See also Proverbs 22:17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52; Proverbs 22:17, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42.)

17 We all want to let Jehovah and Jesus be the bridge between us. Let Satan and his demons try to disrupt our trust in Jehovah and Jesus. May Jehovah put Satan and his demons out of the way so that all of their tricks will fail. (Revelation 20:1-3, 10) Before we can help ourselves with Satan’s tricks, let us try to make our relationship with Jehovah stronger, so that we can be sure that Jehovah and his Son Jesus love us and care about us. If we do that, Jesus’ words will come true in our lives. He said, “No one can know the Father except by me.”—Read John 10:29; James 4:7.

18 In the following chapter, we’ll explore two ways Satan uses to disrupt our relationship with Jehovah. First, we’ll find out how he works to create a good relationship between us and our brothers and sisters. Second, we’ll find out how we can overcome these obstacles to become loyal to Jehovah.

17. According to John 10:29, how did Jesus prepare all those who would come to worship him and his Father?

18. What will we consider in the following reading?

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

■ What remarks did Satan make about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ What are some of Satan’s most controversial statements about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ How can you be sure that Jehovah and Jesus love you and want to help you?

LA 150 Pray to God for the Help He Needs

OCTOBER 12-18, 2026

Don’t Let Satan and His Demon Be Your Enemy!

“Let us be in one body, one spirit, one soul, so that we may be freed from the... evil habits that are in our worldly things.”—EPHESIANS 6:12.

LA 129 Wa Ma Fĩ Si Daa

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

At all times, you know that true Christians and their followers are in the darkness, and they are suffering.

(Isaiah 2:4; John 18:36) The Bible speaks of one thing that we should all do, namely, fight against Satan and his demons. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) What can we do to fight against these enemies? It is important that we rely on the trust and confidence that Jehovah has in us. We should avoid the tricks that Satan and his demons use to try to harm us and our brothers and sisters.

2 In the previous lesson, we learned how Satan attempts to undermine our trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this lesson, we will consider two ways in which Satan attempts to undermine our service to Jehovah. First, he attempts to undermine our relationship with our brothers and sisters. Second, he attempts to make others look at us in such a way as to make them look down on us, or to make them look down on us in such a way as to make them look down on us.

Satan Sues His Enemies

3 But how does Satan do this? He wants us to live in harmony with our brothers and sisters, and he wants us to live in harmony with our brothers and sisters, and he wants us to live in harmony with our brothers and sisters, and he wants us to live in harmony with our brothers and sisters, and he wants us to live in harmony with our brothers and sisters, and he wants us to live in harmony with our brothers and sisters, and he wants us to live in harmony with our brothers and sisters, and he wants us to live in harmony with our brothers and sisters.

1. Who are Jehovah’s servants? —Ephesians 6:11, 12.

2. What will we consider in this study?

3. What is the way Satan seduces us?

8

1 Samuel 17:12-13: "And Saul said unto David, Behold, the LORD is with thee, and the LORD is with thee, and the LORD is with thee, and the LORD is with thee, and the LORD is with thee, and the LORD is with thee, and the LORD is with thee, and the LORD is with thee, and the LORD is with thee, and the LORD is with thee, and the LORD is

(See Figures 4, 6)

Everyone who lives in Satan’s world uses his love to show his grief, and every time he does so, his grief grows stronger. Satan wants us to be comforted by his things. He wants us to speak ill of our brothers and sisters in Jehovah’s church, and to be unpleasant to our brothers and sisters.—Rom. 16:17.

⁴ For example, consider what caused King Saul to take pride in David. For example, Saul loved David very much, and he was pleased with him, because David was a courageous soldier. (1 Sam. 18:5) But when Saul saw that everyone else was very pleased with David, he became very displeased with David, and he decided to take David. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) When Saul took David, Satan was very pleased. Why? Because Jehovah had sent his servant Samuel to seek David to make him king over Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) When Jehovah took David, Satan was very pleased. (1 Sam. When Saul's son David, whom Jehovah had chosen to be his king, was killed by Satan, it was apparent that Satan was inspired by Saul's actions.

5 Satan knows that the more we show love and kindness to one another, the more Jehovah will be pleased with us. (Psalm 133:1) Therefore, he wants us to show love and kindness to our neighbors as Saul did to David. Satan also knows that if we show love and kindness to our neighbors, he will make us love them. (Mark 12:30, 31) When it comes to showing our neighbors love, Jehovah knows that he will be grateful for what he has given us. Jacob also spoke of the needle in our neck that prevents him from showing love to us. —Read James 3:14-16.

⁶ If we love our brothers and sisters, we show them our love, and we will be faithful to them, and we will love them. Consider a good example

4. Why did King Saul find David so good that he wanted to live with him? (See also the footnote.)

5. Why does the enemy want us to turn our backs on our enemies? (James 3:14-16)

6. What did you learn from Jonathan’s example? (Read the video as well.)

AUGUST 2026 9

Look at what Saul’s son, Jonathan, did. Jonathan turned his back on David when he called Saul his opponent. Instead, he made David know that Jehovah would make him king over Israel. Jonathan said to David: “You will be king over Israel.” Jonathan became convinced that Jehovah wanted David to be king over Israel. Therefore, he helped David.—1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

7 There is also a way in which Satan tries to get in the way of us in order to put an end to the strife that is between us. Jehovah’s servants are different. We are different. We are different, and everything is different. Therefore, Satan wants us to look at these things so that we can see that we are not our own sibling. He wants us to be our own sibling so that our sibling can fuel our sibling. What can you do to prevent Satan from putting an end to the strife that is between you and your sibling? If there is a strife between you and your sibling, make sure that you keep yourselves apart so that you can put an end to the strife that is between you and your sibling. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Make sure that your love for your brothers and sisters grows. Know that Jehovah has a deep love for all of us, and that we all need to suffer just as the things of this world need to suffer. (1 Cor. 12:12) Our brothers and sisters have all fought against Satan and his demons.—1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 If a brother does something to you or gives you something to do, consider that you also do something to him or give him something to do to you. If we do not put ourselves to good use in the service of Jehovah with our brothers, it is likely that they will do something to us. (Phil. 7:20) If this happens, we should go to a book that teaches us how to do this.

7. What can we do so that Satan will not be able to cultivate strife between us? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. What should we do when a Christian brother or sister does or says something that hurts us?

(Col. 3:12-14) We want to have a close relationship with our brothers and sisters, because that’s what Jehovah and Jesus want us to do.—John 17:20, 21.

THE WORDS OF SATAN ARE THE WORDS OF THE WORLD

(2 Tim. 3:12) The way we are treated depends on the way we are treated. When we are treated badly, we should not lose sight of what we can do to make ourselves appreciated. If we do so, it will help us focus on the things that are most important to us, namely, the good news of the Kingdom that we will receive.—Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Consider the example of Abraham’s son Isaac. When Isaac became king of the Philistines, the Philistines called all the servants of Abraham to go and see him. (Genesis 26:12-18) Isaac and his family and all his servants were very hungry. Therefore, Isaac wanted a way to go to the Philistines, and he went to the mountain to eat. The Philistines also watched over the sheep. They did this because they were very angry with Isaac. Isaac thought that the Philistines were his enemies. (Genesis 26:19-25) When you hear the news of your father’s death, you may want to take a step back and look for a way to rejoice, as Isaac did. (Genesis 26:19-25) When you hear the news of your father’s death, you may want to take a step back and look for a way to rejoice, as Isaac did.

9. What does Satan do in order to deceive us?

10. When the Philistines came after Isaac, what did he do?

10 MONITORING MEETING

#WE WANT CHANGE

STOP

SERVE THE PEOPLE

Will you continue to love Jehovah and his Kingdom? (Read section 13.)

11 When Jesus, the Messiah, came to earth, people looked up to him. For example, when he left his ministry, some of his disciples said that he was dead. (Mark 3:21) At all times, the leaders of the people tried to take him away so that he might teach people about God. (Luke 11:15, 16) Some of his disciples showed him the way. (Matthew 26:14-16) The priests and elders tried to get him carried as a juggernaut. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) It is obvious that everyone loved Jesus until he went on to carry out the ministry that Jehovah had entrusted to him. (Luke 22:50, 51) In all these situations, Jesus did one thing to show that he wanted to be heard. He focused his attention on the work that was important for God to do for him. (Luke 22:50, 51) When he said that he was the Son of God, he did not say that he was the Son of God, but that he was the Son of God. (Luke 22:52) He did not say that he was the Son of God, but that he was the Son of God. (Luke 22:53) He did not say that he was the Son of God, but that he was the Son of God. (Luke 22:54) He did not say that he was the Son of God, but that he was the Son of God. (Luke 22:55) He did not say that he was the Son of God, but that he was the Son of God. (Luke 22:56) He did not say that he was the Son of God, but that he was the Son of God. (Luke 22:57) He did not say that he was the Son of God, but that he was the Son of God. (Luke 22:58) He did not say that he was the Son of God. (Luke 22:59) He did not say that he was the Son of God. (Luke 22:50, 51) In all these situations, Jesus did one thing to show that he wanted to be heard.

12 Just as Jesus did, we must avoid those who can’t help us. Satan tries to make us believe in the good news. Our friends and relatives can’t try to harm us or abuse us. Jesus taught us to love those who abuse us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) This means that we must hate those who abuse us or take advantage of us. Instead, we use Jesus’ family, and we try to share our joy and joyfulness with those who abuse us, so that we can be grateful to them.—1 Cor. 13:4.

13 And if we find that the elders have given us any law of the world, or of the Lord's pleasure, let us go up to the earth, and shew it unto them: for what is it?

11. How did Jesus deal with all the troubles he faced?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we behave toward those who have rejected us?

13. Why should we go to the earth and show our neighbors that they care about us? (Read the video.)

AUGUST 2026 | 11

If we love our brothers and sisters, we will be able to resist Satan and his demons. (Read section 16.)

Jehovah wants us to do that. (Rom. 13:1, 2) Let Satan take over all the laws so that he can take over the visions. If we see the visions take over one of his laws, and if we are willing to follow them, then Satan will be very pleased. Today, when we see the visions take over a law that people are pleased with, they tend to hurt them. How good Christians do not do that! (Proverbs 24:21, 22, 23; Revelation 8:2, 3) If we take over the visions, we will also take over God’s Kingdom and do what Satan loves.—John 15:19.

14 Some of those who are willing to be Jehovah’s Witnesses are now in the service of Jehovah. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) Therefore, if “people deceive [us] and deceive [us] and deceive [us] by saying different things about [us]”, we should be sure that they will not be able to change their minds and serve Jehovah forever. (Matt. 5:11) At all times, we should pray for those who deceive us so that they do not prevent us from serving Jehovah with joy. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) We should also pray for our parents, our co-workers, and those with whom we are in school. Pray that Jehovah will give you the wisdom to know what you can do to help you feel comfortable. Let us pray that you will feel comfortable! One woman who was forced to divorce her husband and become a member of Jehovah’s Witnesses said: “If we can’t change our beliefs, we need to feel comfortable, yes, we really need to feel comfortable.”

15 Jehovah knows all the things we do in the congregation, and he knows that we are making him sick. (Psalm 37:18) He also knows that we will not be able to take up all the damn things that are being taught us in Satan’s age.

14. What should we do when people are acting out against us?

15. Why should we think that we can’t do what we are told to do?

12 MONITORING

(1 John 3:8; Acts 21:5) Until the end of this age, we need to be steadfast in our hearts, show love in all things, and use ourselves and our strength to encourage all people to serve Jehovah. (2 Peter 3:13) We need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God. (2 Peter 3:13) We need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God, and we need to keep ourselves in touch with the spirit of God.

LET'S GET RID OF SATAN AND HIS DEMONS!

(James 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) Before we can do that, we need to have faith in Jehovah and Jesus. (Ephesians 6:16) Therefore, make sure that your faith in Jehovah and Jesus grows stronger. That faith will inspire you to love your fellow Christians, so that you will always be in harmony with them.

17 Satan will try to get us to take advantage of our weaknesses, or to turn us away from him, so that we may lose our faith. So it is very important that we stop Satan’s temptations. Jehovah and Jesus know that if we do what they tell us to do, we will be helped to follow Satan. Our brothers and sisters are also fighting against our great enemy, Satan. When others try to take advantage of our weaknesses, it is very important that we follow Jesus’ example and make sure that we are among those who are in the joy of God. (Luke 6:27, 28) Therefore, if you go with Satan’s opponents, you will surely end up in the pit with Satan and his demons.

16. What will help us to resist Satan and his demons? (Read the following paragraphs.)

17. What should we ask ourselves to do?

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THAT?

■ What does Satan do to increase the tension between us and our brothers and sisters?

■ What does Satan do to deceive us and cause us to lose faith?

■ Why do you know that you cannot defeat Satan and his demons?

LA 149

Kunimi Yemi La

OCTOBER 19-25, 2026

LA 106 Ndzi Ha Wa Ná Suɔmi

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

We will see how the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus had a joyful time in the church.

Se Womi Ko Na Woo Wuo He Wami Kaa Waa Di Tue Mi Joemi Se

“I have no love but the love of the Lord.”—FLM. 9.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) Although it is apparent that Jehovah gives us the opportunity to enjoy this joy, it is necessary that we all put ourselves out of the way to enjoy it. (Rom. 12:18) How should we behave with our brothers and sisters so that we can enjoy this joy? What can we do to maintain this joy when we offend a brother or sister, or when a brother or sister does something that upsets us? We will find answers to these questions in a book that encourages us to pursue the love of God. This book tells the story of three people: Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus.

THE WORDS OF PAUL TO PHILEMON

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. In the letter that Paul wrote to Philemon, he urged him that if his slave, Onesimus, returned, he would be happy to share his joy with him. Paul urged Philemon to do so because of his love for Jesus Christ and his fellow Christians. Philemon was a member of the church in Colosse, and the brothers in the community knew him as a man of faith and love for the brothers. Philemon had a slave named Onesimus, who had become a Christian. Onesimo fled with his slave to Rome. (Phil. 18; see the study note.) While Onesimo was in Rome, he became a friend of Paul, and Paul encouraged him to become a follower of Christ. (Col. 4:9) According to the Romans’ law, if a slave had left his master, he was allowed to return to his master. Paul therefore allowed him to return to Philemon.—Phil. 12, 13; 1 Cor.

1. What should we all do?

2. What happened between Philemon and Onesimus? (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

14

Look at the study note, “I am sending him back to you.”

3 When Onesimus returns home, what will Philemon do to him? Philemon has the right under the law to leave him alone. Would he not do so? Then, Paul would wonder how he would deal with the brothers in the church if he did? Could he not take my slavery between slaves and their slaves? Paul knew that he would not be able to take away the joy that was in the church. Therefore, he sent a letter to Tychicus and sent it to Philemon. (Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9; see the study note on Colossians 4:7.) Today, Paul also writes letters to the Colossians. Let’s look at what we can learn about Paul, Onesimus, and Philemon from these two letters.

WHAT YOU MUST KNOW ABOUT PAUL’S HISTORICAL PERSONALITY

4 What can we learn from Paul’s example? How Paul and his followers encouraged others to be happy in the church. Paul’s example will help us to see how we can be happy in the church.

5 Paul and Philemon did not like each other. (Phil. 17) Paul learned that he and Philemon could not talk as much as he wanted as his prisoner was Philemon. (2 Cor. 1:24) Paul saw Philemon as his brother with whom he had a relationship, and he called him his “heart.” This was a good example for Philemon of how he should have treated Onesimus, so that he would have become a Christian! And it is a good example for all of us, especially the leaders of the church. The leaders and the brothers know that the heart is the driving force behind the joy of the church. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) Moreover, they should be faithful to God’s commandments, trusting them, taking care of them, and supporting them in difficult situations. Like Paul, elders who have younger brothers and sisters in the congregation care that the elder is a good example for their brothers and sisters, and that he or she encourages peace and harmony in the congregation.

6 Paul wrote to Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5, 7) We all need to be happy. Why? For every time, we think that we are in trouble. Then we may think that we are in trouble, or that others are rude to us, or that a way of serving that we are pleased with will come to an end. There is a reason why we should be in trouble. These things may not make us feel weak, or we may feel weak. Then we may think that we are in good spirits, and it may not cause us to do things that show that we are in trouble. If this happens, the joy that we have with our brothers and sisters will decrease. (Proverbs 12:25) And it will make them feel that we care about them. Wouldn’t you want them to feel the same way? If so, take every opportunity you have to jeopardize others. If they do something good, take the time to do it. And if you see that there is a way for them to do something good, take the time to do it. If you see something good about someone, tell them.

7 Paul spoke good things about Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) What did Philemon think when Paul spoke good things about Onesimus to him?

3. What were some of the reasons why Paul did not allow Onesimus to return to his master? (Read the rest of the book.)

4-5. What can congregation leaders do to encourage joy in the congregation?

6. Why is it so important for us to be kind to others?

7. Why should we pay close attention to what we do to our brothers and sisters? (Philemon 10-12)

AUGUST 2026 15

Think of the good things about your brothers and sisters, and speak of them like Paul did (Read section 8)

Paul said that the story of Onesimus would make both Filemon and Onesimus feel happy when he spoke to them. In the same way, what we do for our brothers and sisters will make our brothers and sisters feel happy when we talk to them. If we speak good things about a brother or sister, we will make them feel happy. If we talk bad things about a brother or sister, we will make them feel happy. Before we can speak good things about our brothers and sisters, let us focus on what is good in them. What will help us to do this? Let us take a look at what Paul did.

(1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Paul knew the brothers’ sufferings, so he decided to focus his mind on their good desires. Therefore, he now focuses his mind on Jehovah’s desires for them. If you want to speak well of your brothers and sisters, let the following be in your mind: Concentrate your mind on the good desires of your brothers and sisters, praying for them at all times that Jehovah may uplift them. If you do this, it will make it easier for you to speak good things about your brothers and sisters.

9 Paul was very happy to write to Philemon when he was in the council. Didn’t you know that there were some people who were talking about you or about your friends who were going to get you somewhere? If we were going to the council, it would be a good idea to talk about something else. Consider how Paul was happy when he wrote to Philemon. For centuries before he wrote the letter, some people took him and hung him up, and when he was up, they took him down. Later, he was sent to Jerusalem and Caesarea. Then they took him on a ship to Rome, so that the ship would be slow on the way, and when he was about to send the letter to Philemon, they put him in his own boat in Rome. (Phil. 1) Didn’t Paul let those feelings that he had with his wife take hold of him, and did he talk to Philemon? For example, Paul was inspired by the joy that he felt when he sent the letter to Philemon. What can we learn from this story? If we are hurt or humiliated at a meeting, we should take the time to rejoice with our brothers and sisters who live there. If we do this, it will lead to greater love and harmony between us. If we do this, it will lead to greater love and harmony between us.

8. What will inspire us to have compassion for our brothers and sisters, and to speak good things about them? (Read the footnotes.)

9. What is the reason for the joy that Paul felt when he sent the letter to Philemon?

16 MONITORING MEETING

and let it be our duty to give them what they deserve.

WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THE ONENESITY OF GOD

10 But let the example of Onesimus, who does or does things that make us feel guilty, serve as an example of how we should behave toward our brothers and sisters when such things happen. If he did something, do not think that it is right, for it is something that is incumbent upon all of us to do. He put his mind to work, and did whatever he could to make peace with Philemon. Onesimus knew that under the Roman law he was entitled to return to his master. Therefore, he needed time to pay 900 talents to send them to Philemon. 11:13 And he said unto them, If ye have aught to say unto me concerning this thing, I will say unto you: If a man take his wife, and marry a stranger, and go into the land of his neighbour, he shall be a slave unto him. 11:14 And if a man take his wife, and marry a stranger, and go into the land of his neighbour, he shall be a slave unto him. 11:15 And if a man take his wife, and marry a stranger, and go into the land of his neighbour, he shall be a slave unto him. 11:16 And if a man take his wife, and marry a stranger, and go into the land of his neighbour, he shall be a slave unto him. 11:17 And if a man take his wife, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a stranger, and marry a

10. What can we learn from the example of Onesimus?

11 If you do something or do something that makes someone angry, you should go to him so that you can settle the matter between you. (Matt. 5:23-25) It’s important that you do so in order to build a strong bond between you and him. First of all, you should feel sorry for him. You should look at him with a smile and take the time to look at him. You should take care of him. You should go to him and tell him that you’re sorry for what you’ve done. If you do that, you’ll be able to settle the matter between you. It takes time before you can settle the matter. 12 If you do something or do something that makes someone angry, you should go to him so that you can settle the matter between you. (Matt. 5:23-25) It’s important that you do that in order to build a strong bond between you and him. First of all, you should feel sorry for him. You should look at him with a smile and take the time to look at him. It takes time before you can settle the matter. This is also a way to make it clear that you are not going to be able to continue with your relationship.

WHAT WE CAN LEAR FROM THE STORY OF PHILEMON

12 The example of Philemon shows us how we can be happy when someone is against us. Didn’t Philemon’s relationship with Onesimus make him feel guilty? The Bible tells us that Paul was confident that Philemon would do so. (Phil. 17, 21) Paul knew that Philemon had some concerns, and so he would be willing to talk to him about having a relationship with Onesimus. What were those concerns?

11. When we go against someone, what should we do to make our relationship with him or her better? (Read the following paragraphs.)

12. Why did Paul feel that Philemon and Onesimos were giving him a bad impression?

Let your heart be filled with self-respect, and let your heart be filled with joy, as Onesimus did. (Read section 11.)

Be a good example for others in the church by showing compassion for those who need it, as Philemon did. (Read section 15.)

13 Philemon loved his brothers and sisters very much. (Phil. 5) Philemon made good use of his name. Philemon’s first name was “Sophie.” Philemon was known to have a strong love for his brother, and that love was what motivated him to take the case of Onesimus to him. When Paul wrote to the congregation of Philemon in Colosse, he called love “the greatest affection in love.” (Read Colossians 3:14.) This suggests that only love is the only love that can sustain the joy and affection that exist between us. When we show our love for our brothers and sisters, we are encouraged to share with them what we have learned, so that we can share in their joy. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Let’s see how that love inspired Philemon to share with them what he had learned.

14 One of the things that made Philemon’s love for his brothers and sisters so strong was his willingness to help the congregation. (Phil. 2) Paul also told Philemon that he had left a place in his house for him, which indicated that he knew that Philemon was very willing to help. (Phil. 22) It seems that Philemon’s willingness to help encouraged the brothers and sisters to put their trust in him.—Phil. 7.

13. Why is love the key to joyful life? (Colossians 3:14)

14. Why can’t we say that Philemon is doing well?

15 If we treat our brothers and sisters like Philemon did, why should we show more love for them? If we do so, we’ll show them that we care about them. If we look at how we treat our brothers and sisters, and how we deal with those who are disappointed in us, we’ll see that there is a great deal of love among Jehovah’s servants, and that that helps the church grow. If we learn how they live, how they come to the truth, and how they go about life, we’ll grow in love for them, and we’ll be more willing to teach them what God wants them to know about his family. (John 6:44) If we show our kindness to our brothers and sisters, we’ll grow in love for them, and we’ll be more sure that they’ll be kind to us, and we’ll be more willing to listen to them.

16 Is it not due to you that you do some things to them? If we love our brothers and sisters, at times it is due to us to do some things to them. What do we learn from this? Think of the book that says,

15. Why is it necessary for us to love our brothers and sisters more when we show them kindness? (Read the footnotes.)

16. Then, how did Philemon apply Paul’s advice in Colossians 3:13?

18 MONITORING MEETING

Consider Paul’s visit to Philemon’s congregation in Colosse, which is described in Colossians 3:13. (Read.) What would Philemon think when the book was read in his own congregation? Who would influence his decision? If the elder read the book to Onesimus, he might now feel that he knew what he should do. He should go to the heart of Onesimus and take his piece of paper away from him. If you were encouraged to take your piece of paper away from him, how would Paul’s reading of the book help you?

17 What does Paul mean when he says, “Be careful to be kind to your neighbors”? Paul encourages us to be kind to our brothers and sisters, and to live in joy with them when they go against us or do something that is unpleasant to us. In the end of this chapter, Paul gives an example of what Jehovah does. Jehovah is keen to see that his servants behave like people who are worthy of love. He knows our shortcomings, so he focuses his attention on our good qualities. (Psalm 103:13, 14; 130:3) Therefore, Jehovah uses his love to show us how much he loves us, and how much he cares about us. (Proverbs 3:22, 23) If we try to treat our brothers and sisters the way Jehovah treats them, we’ll be more likely to show compassion for them when they do wrong to us. For example, if we see how one of our brothers or sisters feels hurt when he or she feels hurt, we’ll be more likely to show compassion for him or her when he or she feels hurt. Similarly, if we focus our attention on the good things our brothers and sisters do, we’ll be more likely to share those things with them, and we’ll be more likely to show them that we care about them.

18 Jehovah is aware of everything you do to promote joy in the church. At all times, look at what you can do to promote joy in your relationship with your brothers and sisters. Make sure you talk to your brothers and sisters in a joyful way, and speak good of them. If you do something wrong, be sorry, and do whatever you can to make it better between you and them. If you have love for your brothers and sisters, it will make it easier for you to share your thoughts with them. By doing these things, you show that you are committed to promoting joy in the church. Moreover, it will lead to the destruction of those who rejoice, to “the destruction of their souls” forever, and to the ‘eternal joy of great joy’!—Psalm 37:11.

17. What does it mean when we say that we should “be sorrowful in our hearts”?

18. What do you ask your father to do?

11:12-14) The story of Filemon, who is in the letter that Paul reads to him, and Onesimus, and Tychicus, and some others who are still in prison.

WHAT DOES THIS MEANS...

■ In the example of the Apostle Paul?

■ In the example of Onesimus?

■ In the example of Philemon?

LA 154 The Last Supper

OCTOBER 26-NOVEMBER 1, 2026

LA 62 La Ehe ɔ

THE OUTCOMES OF THE WORLD SECURITY CONFERENCE

This knowledge will help us to be more confident in our desires for Jehovah, in our ways of serving him, and in the religious service we will do.

You Didn’t Know That You Were Not Loving Jehovah

“He gave his life for us, so that we might be able to serve him in the light.”—LUKE 1:69, 74.

(Luke 1:57-66) Jehovah answered Zacharias’ question. Zacharias predicted that John would lead people to change their hearts, and that the Messiah would be taken away and be buried with them. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) Zacharias spoke only about what John was about to do.* As we will see in this story, Zacharias’ words are relevant to us today. According to Zechariah, we will learn three things that should inspire us to rejoice: (1) the strength we have, (2) the way we serve Jehovah, and (3) the way we carry out our religious service.

A MA NYƐ MA HE WA YI WAMI

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. Why did Jehovah choose not to look after his son? When did he go to look after his son? Zachariah said: “[Jehovah] will give us a power that is in his power.

* Look at the story of the son of Zechariah in the video Jesus’ Story of the Last Days Chapter 1, which is found in Luke 1:67.

1. What is the meaning of the story of Zechariah?

2. (a) As Luke 1:67-73 suggests, what did Jehovah do for his servant? (b) Who is the “powerful one who has power” mentioned in Luke 1:69?

20

(Luke 1:69; see also Matthew 22:42; Luke 1:69-70; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69-71; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1:69; Luke 1 (Luke 1:30-35) When Jesus was 30 years old, he was baptized. Today, Jehovah and the Holy Spirit have chosen him to be the Messiah. (Matt. 3:16, 17) That’s something we should be very proud of!

3 It is important to watch over the Jews who lived in the castles. When and how should the Jews be watched over? Zechariah said: “He will give us power to watch over us and over all those who are against us.” (Luke 1:71) Does this mean that Jesus would watch over the Jews and over the Romans who are against them? Yes, it is necessary to watch over the Jews from a powerful enemy. He is Satan. Satan is the one who causes things to happen. (Hebrews 2:14, 15) He is the one who causes all the people on whom the Jews rely to commit sin. (Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13) Therefore, it was very important for the Jews to know that Jehovah had given Zacharias the commandment to “give strength to him... and to forgive the sins that were committed against him.”—Luke 1:77.

4 Today, we also commit sins and die. Therefore, we need to be guarded so that we can live in sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) Likewise, Satan and his demons have created a way for us to be guarded. They have created a way for us to be guarded so that we may be prevented from serving Jehovah. They have created a way for “those who hate us” to escape from our company. Therefore, we need to be guarded.

5 Finally, let us consider the way Jesus went to save us from sin. When Jesus was on the cross, he showed his disciples the way to please Jehovah and gain his approval. In doing so, he used his power to bring about the miraculous event “that whosoever worships him shall not perish, but shall have eternal life.” (John 3:16; Matthew 20:28) We are determined to follow Jesus’ example of how to please Jehovah and gain his approval. When we suffer, we pray to God that he will take care of us whenever we face difficulties. Then, through Jesus’ atoning sacrifice, Jehovah takes our sins on himself, and he binds us to his body. (1 John 2:1, 2) Through these ways, Jesus takes us into the kingdom of heaven so that we may live forever.

6 What will Jesus do to save us from sin and evil, from the world of Satan and his demons, and from ‘those who oppose us’? In the year 1914, Jesus was in heaven on the “seat of David the king.” (Luke 1:32, 33) It was predicted that Jesus and the 144,000 and the apostles would take away all mankind who rebelled against God at Armageddon. In Revelation 21:1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54

3. Who, or what, is it that the Jews should be punished for?

4. Why is it important for us to be watched today?

5. How did Jesus go to save us from sin?

6. What will Jesus do now that he is reigning as King? (See also the footnote.)

AUGUST 2026 21

Jehovah Gives Us the Strength to Trust in Jesus Christ (Read Section 6)

(John 5:28; Revelation 22:1, 2) When the millennium comes to an end, the world will be destroyed. (1 Corinthians 15:26, 55-57) Satan and his demons, and all those who will be put to death, will be put to death in the end. (Revelation 20:7-10) Those who choose to be faithful to Jehovah will be able to serve him even though they have sinned, even though they have died, and even though there is nothing left for them! Because Jesus loved us forever, we will love Jehovah, and we will see him forever in ‘the way that he has made it possible for us to see him’.—2 Cor. 9:15.

HOW YOU CAN USE YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH GOD

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. By entering the Kingdom of Heaven, we will be able to “serve Jehovah in the right way,” as Zechariah said. How do we serve Jehovah in the “right way”? By praying, studying the Bible, and attending congregational meetings, ward meetings, and district meetings, we show that we are serving Jehovah in the right way. Similarly, by serving at Bethel, attending Kingdom and Peace Assembly meetings, or showing our love for them, we show that we are serving Jehovah in the right way.

8 What does it mean when we “go” to serve Jehovah in the wrong way? Simply put, it means that we are going to live forever. Because we know that we will live forever, we are going to do the things that we want to do with all our might, but we are going to serve Jehovah in our lifetime. If the wrongdoers make us think that we are going to live forever, we are not going to live forever.

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, in what way did Jehovah show his love?

8. What should we do?

22 MONITORING MEETING

(John 6:39, 40) However, even though we may be sinners, we must believe that God will take care of us. We cannot be sure that God loves us, that he cares about us, and that he will take care of us if we come to Jesus’ atoning sacrifice.—1 John 4:9, 10.

9 Some of our fellow Christians are not sure that Jehovah appreciates the service they do to him. Or, because something bad happens to them, they think that there is something wrong with them, and that Jehovah will never love them. Or, they have done something wrong that they feel guilty of, so they pray to Jehovah to take their sin away from them, and they ask their superiors for their faith and forgiveness. If that is the case in your life, what can you do?

10 Consider this thing: Let him go to the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor, and let him see the doctor.

11 In the same way, if you feel that Jehovah loves you because of a sin you have committed, let you find forgiveness in Jehovah. Jehovah loves you very much, and he took your sin on him by sending his Son Jesus to die for you. (John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Do the things that Jehovah tells you to do to make sure that he takes your sin away from you. These are: worship, Bible study, and attending church meetings. (Psalm 1:2; 1 Thessalonians 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Just as it’s hard to believe that your neighbor’s son will be happy, it’s hard to believe that God loves you. It’s hard to believe that whatever it is, God and your son will be happy with you. That’s why you should be happy. Go ahead and do things that will make you feel good about God. (Phil. 3:16) In addition, you should be happy about the power that God has given you to serve him. We all know that God and Jesus gave us the opportunity to serve God in the right way!

HE BLOO NƐ WA NÁ KAA WA MAA FIƐƐ

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. When Zacharias was speaking, he asked John: “You will follow the word of Jehovah, and you will make his paths straight.” What way did John the Baptist go to make this happen? When he went, he became a wise man. He told the Jews that they had changed their minds, and they were to be baptized, and they were to be prepared for the Messiah who was to come. When he baptized Jesus, he told those who were sitting in the street that Jesus was going to God. He said: “Behold, this is the Son of God, the one who has sinned against the world!” Then John urged his disciples to take Jesus away as the Messiah.—John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

9. What do some brothers and sisters think, and why?

10-11. What can we do if a sin we have committed in the past makes us feel that Jehovah loves us too? Do something to show it.

12. Which way did John the Baptist go to follow the ways of God? (Luke 1:76-79)

AUGUST 2026 23

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

If we know that Jehovah loves us and are confident in the way we serve him, we will be more willing to share the good news with others. (Read section 16.)

13 It is obvious that John made it clear to all people that Jesus was the Messiah, so that it was necessary for all people to believe in the Messiah. Why? Because Zacharias said that the coming of the Messiah would be ‘a thing that would strike us as a whirlwind.’ This indicates that the coming of Jesus would change the lives of all people! This is a good news that should be proclaimed to all, and John alone could not do so. Who would compel John to proclaim the good news?

14 Jesus was very interested in the good news. He sent Zacharias, who said: “He will give those who live in the depths of the earth a place in the midst of the wilderness.” Jesus was deeply moved by the good news, and he wanted to help those who were in need. Therefore, as Zacharias did, Jesus sent his disciples to show them the ‘goodness of Jehovah and his joy.’ (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21.) He told them: “Jehovah’s Kingdom has come to pass.” However, Jesus knew that it would be necessary for all people to follow the good news. Therefore, he trained his disciples to follow the good news.—Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 Today, as Christ’s followers, we are confident that we have the means to inspire others to do what they need to do to gain strength. Indeed, the promised sacrifice of Jesus and the good news of God’s Kingdom that we have to preach is what we need to do today. Why? Consider what will be on our minds. It is necessary that “man’s soul shall be like this from time to time.” (Matt. 24:21) In the present time, there will be a time when people will focus on the good news, and they will focus on Jehovah’s service, because God’s Kingdom will be like this from time to time.

13. In what way will the coming of the Messiah be ‘a blow to our hearts’?

14. What was the mission of Jesus and his disciples? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is it so important for us to focus on ourselves right now?

24 MONITORING

(Matt. 25:34; Eph. 16:16; 19:19) Therefore, it is very important that we listen to the good news right now! —Matt. 24:14; Mar. 13:10. Jesus will then take away the 144,000 and the apostles, who are all the people who are living under the rule of Jesus, and they will bring those who are loyal to Jehovah to life in the age to come. —Matt.

16 The words of Zechariah in Luke 1:68-79 point to three things that we should be concerned about: the strength that Jehovah will give us, the way in which we will be able to serve him, and the service that we will be able to do. Are you confident in the expiatory sacrifice of Christ, and have you committed yourself to serve Jehovah forever? Are you confident in the way in which you will be able to serve him?

16. What do you want to do? (Specifically, what do you want your children to do?)

If you do so, you will be able to “do Jehovah’s will forever.” Share the good news that God’s Kingdom is about to take over the world and establish a paradise on earth. Tell all those who love God to “serve him with devotion, to worship him, and to do things pleasing to him with all our hearts.”—Luke 1:74, 75.

24: The first one; two sisters in the middle of nowhere. The second one; a young man in the office of a man he works with. The third one; a young man who teaches at school. He has his students and his teacher dressed as if he were teaching, and he is being looked up at.

Luke 1:68-79 says,...

■ What will Jehovah do for us that will make us happy?

■ How does the testimony help us?

■ What work should we do?

LA 159 Love Jehovah’s Name

THE WORLD IS GOOD

Ye Bɔlɔ ɔ To Ye He Hê

STÉPHANE LANDEROIN NYA MI MUNYU

When I was a teenager, I felt like I wasn’t going well at school. That’s why, whenever I felt like I wasn’t going well at school, I went out of my way. I felt like I was being overlooked. That’s why, I wanted to do something about it. Yet, the Father took care of me. In fact, I looked forward to God’s taking care of me. Why?

When I was in France, my parents believed that everybody in the village believed in God. So, I believed in God. And then, I believed in things. This teaching was taught in school, and as it was in the public domain, I believed it was true. I believed in this teaching, so I wrote it down.

The musicians were very excited. They said, “If God exists, why do we have to believe what we hear?” Moreover, when I saw what people who believe in God are doing, it made me think that there is something wrong with believing that God exists. I hate people who believe that God exists.

But now I have come to know that there is one God, that he made all mankind, and that he thinks of him even when I think that no one else thinks of him. Why have I changed my mind so much that I am so happy now? Let me tell you.

When I was 19 years old, I was trained as a boarder to go to the boarders. Later, a friend took me to French Guiana in South America to go to the boarders. The boarders were very friendly and I knew that my life would change in the boarders.

When I was 20 years old, I returned to France and went to Paris. In the country, I was very busy playing hockey and going to Soha, and then, hockey and hockey, you know, you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the government and you were in the

I'm in Paris in France, and I'm with my musicians all over the place as God is with us.

26

MONITORING COMMITTEE

There are people who are sick, and there are people who are in need of help. There are good people in the world, and there are good people in everywhere. I found that all these things changed, and I didn’t know what to do about it. Therefore, I decided to go back to South America.

I WILL PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE

I returned to my home in French Guiana, and I went to work as a clerk. I thought that I would be very happy if I went back to the same places I had been to in Paris, and I went to my home in French Guiana, and I was drinking Marijuana. Soon after, I returned to my home, and I became very busy playing hockey and playing soccer, and then, hockey and soccer, you know, I was so busy that I couldn’t get enough sleep.

When I was in college, someone gave me the Bible. I read a chapter of it and thought that it would help me to find happiness in the end. I smiled when I realized what I was reading.

I was in a room where they wanted to know what people were doing. There was a copy of Unity (Kake Peemi) in the room. So, they told me that I was going to visit them in the room.

We do everything we want to do, and something tells us what we should do. We sit down when the wind blows, and we sit down when the wind blows, we eat, we drink, and we smoke Marijuana. We watch the sky as we suffer the things that we do. We take advantage of the situation, because we think we’re going to win. We obey the laws that the authorities make, and sometimes we obey a law because we think it’s going to make us feel better about ourselves.

We want our lives in the world to be like our lives in the copy. In the copy, it appears that although we are all different, we all feel like we are the same, and we go out and show ourselves. After a while, I come to realize that everything is in its own way, and we do things we don’t want to do. In general, we do the same things that people do in the world that make them feel good. Some people only go out for a few hundred meters in the copy, some people go for a hundred meters, and some people go for a hundred meters. At the end of the day, you’re in the world for two weeks.

When I was in the shelter in the cave, I saw how the zugbas were making a difference in how much we cared about the things that mattered to us. One day, I was like, “I’m going to read about the adiba’s or the sewu’s.” The sewu’s were moving and I was like, “I’m going to read about the adiba’s or the sewu’s.”

A. A file in a copy called Unity

B. When I was in the shelter

A-M_BAR_Portuguese (Brazil)

B

I’m not the one to read, so I’m not sure. I’m asking myself: ‘Why do the zugbas do things like this to us? It’s like someone is in love with someone else and he leaves me in the sky so that someone else can come to me.’ That makes me realize that these things happen because of someone else. If you ask me, does someone else do all these things for us? That makes me realize that there is a Lord. If I listen to him, he will do something for me.

I read the Bible. Until now, I’ve been reading the Bible to see what God wants me to do. I’ve been reading the Bible, and I’ve been looking at it, to see what it means. I’ve been wondering if the name of the one who made all these things is Yah. Because I’ve heard that name in some of the generations that we’ve been in the Bible.

BOY YOU PLAY AND BOY YOU ARE THE ONE THAT YOU ARE

When I thought about it, I realized that the Lord wanted me to learn more about him. One of the sisters who was in the classroom was a member of Jehovah’s Witnesses, and they gave her a book called You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth.* When I read that book, I was very excited about what I was reading. I was excited that I had learned that I could not live forever in a paradise. What I really wanted to do was to live forever in a paradise with those I love. I want to be the Lord who is in my heart, and who wants us to have this good wish in our hearts forever and ever.

I realized that it was necessary to make changes in my life, so that I could make those changes on my own, but in a positive way. Therefore, I asked a friend of mine, Michel, who is a good news teller, to do something with him so that he would be happy to see Michel.

The day I met Michel, he invited me to a meeting in Matoury, a town in the Cayenne Mountains. The place I was staying in was about 155 miles away, or three hours’ drive from Cayenne. The meeting was a big one, and I felt like I was going to die. I took a t-shirt with a collar on it and taped it to the tree. I felt like I was going to die, but the brothers encouraged me to go to the meeting, and I was given a chance to live. The joy and joyfulness that the Jehovah’s Witnesses showed me made me know that I was seeing the truth.

In addition, they reflected on 1 Timothy 5:8. This lesson showed that a good father watches over his children. I learned that Jehovah also sees him as our Father, and he will watch over us as his family members at all times. I learned that if I use Jehovah’s service to do a small thing in my life, he will watch over whatever I do. Michel’s example also showed me that Jehovah will watch over me at all times. Michel puts his mind at the service of Jehovah’s love

* Jehovah’s Witnesses have done, and still do, what they are called to do.

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDONIA

I learned the truth in French Guiana, was baptized in France, and now serve as a missionary in New Caledonia

Ligbi nɛ wa sɛ gba si himi mi

When I was speaking to a Chinese teacher in the middle of 2006

and he is not afraid of the things which he will do, but he is afraid of the things which he will do, and he is glad.

I studied the Bible and realized that I needed to make a change in my life. My father told me to stop smoking marijuana. So I started smoking marijuana, and I’m now a marihuana addict. As a result, I stopped smoking in the congregation. One day when I was going to the church, I told a brother to put his cigarette in his pocket, and he did the same with the Kingdom Works.

A few hundred years later, I lived in French Guiana and returned to France. I found a Kingdom Hall in the country where I studied the Bible. My parents saw that I had made a change. I started smoking marijuana, and I went to police stations to tell them about the laws in the country. My parents were thrilled that I had changed my life, that I was studying the Bible, and that my way of speaking to them about the truth had improved. Later on, I learned that I had to put my heart into what I was doing, and go out and show them that I was with them in Jehovah’s work.

I was baptized in 1996, and I prayed to Jehovah that he would inspire me to become a good evangelist like Michel. I knew that doing good evangelism was a way to get closer to Jehovah.

I HAD A GREAT TIME AND THERE WAS A GREAT HAPPINESS

There was a young woman in my congregation named Claudine. I noticed that she was a good-natured person. I also noticed that she loved Jehovah because of the things she did for the congregation. I was excited about her, and I wanted to get to know her more closely. In private, I asked Claudine if she was interested in helping me in the good news ministry. So, she was excited about helping me be a good-natured person! So, in April 2000, we went on a mission trip.

After a while, we decided that we would learn Mandarin to be able to teach Chinese in the church where we lived. We learned a lot from that day. I learned to think more like a Chinese, and to go out and teach the truth to others. In fact, I learned Mandarin a lot, but I didn’t go out and teach. The joy we felt when we worked with our Chinese brothers and sisters in the community service was immense. Jehovah has blessed us with all the good things during our time with the Chinese, and has given us the tasks that He will carry us through in the years to come.

I WISH I WAS THE ONE THAT WAS THE ONE THAT WAS THE ONE THAT WAS THE ONE THAT WAS THE ONE THAT WAS THE ONE THAT WAS THE ONE THAT WAS THE ONE THAT WAS THE ONE THAT WAS THE ONE THAT WAS THE ONE THAT

I’ve had some difficulties in the past. For example, I feel that I’m the one who can do a lot in Jehovah’s service, and I’m the one who can help my brothers as I want to. I want all the different assignments I’m doing to be successful. That’s why I’m putting all my energy into it. In the end, I’m uplifted because I’m happy with what I’m doing. (Proverbs 7:16) I’ve come to understand that I’m not alone.

AUGUST 2026 29

When we were in the observation service in New Caledonia a

That Jehovah is a loving God, and that while he allows us to be treated as wicked beings, he does take care of what we do with our hearts.

When I was in Paris, I was appointed as one of the watchmen. I thought that I was the right person to do this job, but I realized that Jehovah’s goodness couldn’t inspire us to devote ourselves to his service as much as we thought.

For example, when I was standing on the top of a hill and speaking to people in a church or a congregation, I was very angry. If I prayed to Jehovah to tell him that I was doing well, it would go away. Although this is a painful feeling, if I put my trust in Jehovah, it helps me to feel more confident, and it makes me feel better.

In 2011, Jehovah answered a prayer that was deeply rooted in our hearts. He inspired us to go and spread the good news in New Caledonia. New Caledonia is a beautiful island in the Pacific Ocean that is very similar to Paris. Let’s spend some time in New Caledonia. It will teach us about life, love, and patience. Because the weather is extremely cold and windy, we need to be prepared to stay there. In addition, we need to learn how to deal with the consequences of our actions. For example, at times, people who are in the same room as us are determined to talk more than they are willing to talk.

Whenever we choose to do a service, Jehovah encourages us to do it. When we served as good news preachers for a century, we were sent to serve at Bethel for hundreds of years. Later, we went to the Kingdom Ministry School, and now we are in the watchtower service. Throughout all of this service, we have learned that Jehovah uses his graceful hand to help us. Jehovah has shown me that in the difficulties I face, and in the way I deal with them, he will surely be able to work with me. That’s why I’m constantly praying that Jehovah will help me. It’s hard for me to speak in the face of others, but I try to encourage others in the congregation to serve Jehovah in a way that pleases him, because I know that God loves us and that he wants us to serve him in a way that pleases him.

Throughout the different years we spent in the watchtower, I found Claudine very helpful. She was passionate about helping me overcome all of my difficulties. She appreciated every aspect of our service to Jehovah, and she always showed her willingness to help others. I felt like I was doing a good job in the watchtower, and we were both working in the watchtower service until she talked to me about these things.

In the process, I learned that Jehovah is a powerful Lord who always looks after those who serve him. That led me to make Jehovah’s service a part of my life, and that made me feel greatly honored by Jehovah. Jehovah inspired me to think about the people in the congregation who were being treated inappropriately, and he inspired me to do what I felt was right. He also inspired me to focus on what I wanted to do, so that I could do what the Bible says I should do. Then, he gave me all the good spirits and a good way of doing things. I hope that Jehovah will give us eternal life, and that he will watch over all the good things we do.—Mark 10:29, 30.

30 | MONITORING

IS IT NOT?

What things were happening in the house of the sheep in ancient times?

In ancient times, people were very concerned about what was going on in the house because everybody lived in the house, and different things were happening in the house. The Bible describes many of the things that were going on in the house, and it also explains what was going on in the house.

The Hebrew word “agbo” refers to the sides of the ma-agbo, which are the places where people would go to sleep or where they would go to eat. In some places, the sides of the ma-agbo were the places where people would go to sleep or where they would go to eat. (Neh. 8:1) In other places, the sides of the ma-agbo were the places where people would go to sleep or where they would go to eat. (Neh.

In Jerusalem, some sheep were given names based on what they looked like, and they were called according to what they looked like. For example, one sheep was called the Lo Agbo, and another was called the Jījū Agbo.—Zeph. 1:10; Jn. 5:2.

(Genesis 23:10-15, 17, 18) In addition, Boaz, the keeper of the sheepfold, kept Ruth in the sheepfold, as the Israelites’ law ordered, when the owner of the sheepfold was not allowed to do so. (Ruth 4:1, 10) There were also people who used the sheepfolds as a place of worship, if there was something they could do about it. (Genesis 19:15-21) People also used the sheepfolds as a place where they could go to watch the fireworks.—2 Samuel 18:24, 25.

(Deuteronomy 21:18-20) Because he spoke from the top of the house, he made sure that his servants listened carefully to what he said. When the servants heard something, their masters took care of it. (Deuteronomy 25:2) He made sure that when he spoke from the top of the house, he made sure that the servants listened carefully to what he said, so that their sons could follow in his footsteps.—Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

(1 Sam. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu told the Israelites that it was because of Jehovah that he had decided to kill Ahab. (2 Sam. 10:8-10) Also, King Hezekiah encouraged his sons to turn to Jehovah by encouraging them to do the same. —2 Chron. 32:6-8 (NKJV) When the king of Judah, Jehoiakim, was killed by the Philistines in 707 B.C.E., the king of Judah, Jehoiakim, the son of Jehoiakim, the king of Judah, and Ahab, the king of Judah, were killed by the Philistines in 707 B.C.E., the king of Judah, and Ahab, the king of Judah, were killed by the Philistines in 707 B.C.E., the king of Judah.

(Proverbs 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, faithful men who were the guardians of the sheep kept people in good spirits and kept their sheep in good health. Today, we see Jehovah’s love in the Bible, and Jehovah’s servants around the world encourage people to read the Bible to get that love. (Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:22, 23; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs 1:20, 21; Proverbs

Ma'ag is a place where different things happened in the past.

AUGUST 2026 31

HOW DOES THE MONITORING OF GOD’S WORSHIP WORK?

August 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 8 DANGME

MUNYUHI NƐ NGƐ MI

Monthly Readings for October 5-11 | 2

Believe in Jehovah and Jesus, and He Will Defeat Satan

Monthly Readings for October 12-18 | 8

Don’t Let Satan and His Demon Be Your Enemy!

Monthly Readings for October 19-25 | 14

Se Womi Ko Na Woo Wuo He Wami Kaa Waa Di Tue Mi Joemi Se

Monthly Readings for October 26–November 1 | 20

You Didn’t Know That You Were Not Loving Jehovah

Healthy Living | 26

Ye Bɔlɔ ɔ To Ye He Hê

IS IT NOT? | 31

What things were happening in the house of the sheep in ancient times?

What the Bible Says About Love

Tso Nɛ Woɔ Mɔmɔ Mla Pe Tso Kpahi

The Bible talks about 30 different kinds of almonds. One of them is the almond tree. It depends on the type of almonds that are used to make almond milk. It produces almonds that turn pink or fuchsia when they are popped. The Israelites called the almond tree in the Hebrew language, “the one who turns his head.” Look, is there a difference between the almond tree and its Father? Yes, there is.

In the context of Jeremiah 7:25, Jehovah demonstrates that he keeps his law. The March 15, 2011 Bulletin said: “Just as the almond tree ‘hears the law’, so does Jehovah ‘keep the law’ in the way of oath-keeping... and he warns his servants about what will happen in the future... Moreover, Jehovah is on his guard, showing that he is willing to keep his word and do what he says.”—Jer. 1:11, 12.

In some cases, the Bible refers to the almond tree as the source of almond seed. (Deuteronomy 12:5) Because almond seeds are very delicate, when Bezalel was making the almond tree in the cave, he made the seeds in the same way as the almond trees were made.—Exodus 37:17-20.

We’re grateful for your support. It’s a great way to keep Bible education going, and people are eager to give something they love. If you’re interested in helping, we encourage you to visit donate.jw.org.

The chapters in the book are entitled The Great Book—Let’s Take a Closer Look. If we take a closer look and apply it to a particular topic, we’ll get a clearer picture.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org or scan this code

JW.ORG

w26.08-DG