AMERICA'S BROTHERS AND SISTERS IN THE WORLD

KPƆKPLƆYIƔEME

It was clearly recognized that the greatest interest of all human beings would be the basis for the peace, integrity, and prosperity of the human family in the world.

Whereas it has become clear that the disregard for the dignity of the individual human being has led to the deterioration of the human family, and that the public has become more concerned about such evil practices and has become more determined that, in the present world, it is necessary for human beings to live in dignity, to exercise their right to freedom of expression, to serve God, and to live free from oppression and poverty,

Asserting the necessity of the achievement of the goal of human liberty, that no one should be driven by power and wealth from the path of liberty,

Given the urgent need to promote international relations among all ethnic groups,

Having pledged in their Declaration of Principles that, in the pursuit of human liberty, the participation of every human being, male or female, is necessary, and seeing the possibility, thereby, of advancing a new social order, which respects the dignity of all human beings and promotes a better quality of life for all human beings,

Having committed themselves to ensure the universal observance of the Covenant and of the rights of all persons, as well as the observance of its provisions, in cooperation with the States Parties to the Covenant,

As it becomes clear that the concepts of participation and self-determination are essential to the achievement of this total commitment,

XEXEME DUKỌ BROTHERS &amp; SISTERS &apos; TALK WITH THE PRESIDENT:

The Goals of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) are a set of objectives for all people in the world. We hope that individuals and international organizations will now be aware of the MDGs. They will be made known and publicized throughout the world. This will help to increase awareness and acceptance of the MDGs, and to ensure that they are implemented in the States of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). The MDGs will also be implemented in the occupied CIS countries to ensure their success.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉO̰O 1

They recognize that all human beings are equal in dignity and dignity of dignity, and that each of them has the right and responsibility to live in complete unity.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 2-LIA

Participation in all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration shall be open to everyone, without distinction of any kind, such as race, color, gender, language, religion, political or other beliefs, disability, age or place of residence.

Generally speaking, no one should be discriminated against because of his or her nationality or his or her country's relations with other nations, and no one should be discriminated against because of his or her country's nationality, whether it is a rich country or a poor country.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 3-LIA

All people should live in a state of prosperity and prosperity.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 4-LIA

They did not hire anyone to work for them or to do the work for them, and they used their craftsmanship and creativity in a variety of ways.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 5-LIA

They do not hurt anyone, they are kind to him, they do not harm him, they leave him and go away.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 6-LIA

They will be different from everyone else in that they will be as human as possible.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 7-LIA

People are all involved in the organization and will all have a share in the organization's success in different ways.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉO̰O 8-LIA

Everyone had access to the courts of the state for the resolution of their civil rights issues as they had in the courts of the family.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 9-LIA

No one was arbitrarily imprisoned, sent to prison, or expelled from the country.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 10-LIA

It is a great privilege for a person who has been accused and brought to the court of the nation, where the judges who have not appeared in person, will be able to speak to him about his conviction, his offences, and any warnings that may be given to him.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 11-LIA

No person shall be punished for a wrongful act under the laws of his or her own country or other countries unless such laws are applicable to his or her case.

No person shall be held liable for any offence under the laws of any country or state in which the offence occurred, nor shall any person be held liable for any offence other than that which is in accordance with his or her rights under the laws of that country or state.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉO̰O 12-LIA

No one is entitled to interfere with another person's privacy, family, or family life. No one is entitled to inquire into a person's relationships with others. No one is entitled to name or accuse another person. The law allows a person who is sentenced to such punishment to commit suicide.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉO̰O 13-LIA

A person can travel from one country to another, depending on the country he or she visits, but he or she must not be familiar with the customs of the country he or she travels from.

There is a possibility for any person to leave his or her country and return to his or her country.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 14-LIA

There is an opportunity for anyone who has fought in a foreign country to obtain asylum.

This exemption would mean that they would not be allowed to pursue political interests that were not in accordance with the rules of the Sixteenth Amendment.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉO̰O 15-LIA

Everyone has the right to participate in the community.

Citizenship was not acquired arbitrarily by any person, and was not granted to anyone who wished to return to a foreign country.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉO̰O 16-LIA

There is an opportunity for a man and a woman who are not well able to choose a spouse to leave the one who is close to them, to form a family. No matter whether they are in love, in adultery or in worship, there is a great opportunity for them to leave each other.

Marriage is not recognized by anybody. It must be the choice of both spouses.

In nature, family is the foundation of human society, but it is the responsibility of each nation to ensure the well-being of each family.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 17-LIA

There is a possibility that the responsibility may be shared by one person and the responsibility may be shared by other people in the community.

They do not take any responsibility for anyone else's actions.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 18-LIA

A person may choose to live in the world, do his or her work as he or she likes, and worship in the way he or she likes. This means that a person may live apart from his or her faith and worship another religion of his or her choice. This means that he or she may find a way of isolating himself or herself from others in religions. He or she may disclose what he or she worships in an anonymous or confidential manner to the rest of the world.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉO̰O 19-LIA

People have found a way to express themselves and their thoughts to the world. The opportunity to reflect on oneself on the web means that there is no one to blame in this process. They have found a way to communicate with other people and how to influence others rather than the thoughts that come from various forms of communication. In these processes, even new ideas are welcome.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 20-LIA

The opportunity for peaceful gatherings and dialogue is open to everyone.

No one is known to belong to an organization.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉO̰O 21-LIA

Each member of parliament is represented in the government of his or her country. They may be themselves or be appointed to replace them in the absence.

There was an opportunity for a large number of citizens to participate in the receipt of assistance provided by the government to all citizens.

Each nation's flag is worn by its citizens. This flag is displayed on a special banner at a public parade. In this parade, all citizens who participate in the parade are placed in a box on a banner or on another flag that is used in the parade.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 22-LIA

Each citizen has the right to participate in the life and activities of society. Each citizen should be aware of this right through the understanding of the unity of his country and its sovereignty. He should also be aware of the assistance that his country receives from other nations in the fields of social welfare and justice, as well as of the special and vital concerns of other peoples.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 23-LIA

Everyone has the right to work. Everyone has the right to choose the job he or she wants to do. Everyone has the right to enjoy his or her work and to be motivated to work.

Receiving the same pay for the same type of work in the public sector is possible for everyone, at the same time.

There is an opportunity for everyone to get a better salary. This will allow the worker to look after himself, his spouse and children with the same dignity that is expected of a human being to live a satisfying life. And if necessary, he will be supported as a member of the community.

The American people have sought to join these or any of the previously established organizations because of their desire for freedom of expression and cultural diversity.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 24-LIA

It is possible for a public official to take a leave of absence under certain circumstances, but he or she will not receive any compensation from his or her spouse because of the circumstances in which he or she did not work.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 25-LIA

The right to live in dignity means that everyone has the right to provide for himself, his spouse and children with food, clothing, shelter, care, and other socially necessary assistance. If someone is unemployed, they have the right to receive assistance in the event of unemployment or incapacity, the death or injury of their spouse or child, or in the event of a serious illness that makes them incapable of doing anything for themselves.

Special attention should be paid to the needs of the elderly and the children, and the differences between children whose parents have made arrangements for them and those whose parents have not made arrangements for them should be clearly distinguished.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 26-LIA

Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be publicly available. Participation should be publicly known. Participation should be accessible to all. Participation should be accessible to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to all. Participation should be open to

The objective of the Organization shall be to promote the full realization of the human dignity of every human being, and to advance, on the basis of this principle, the well-being and prosperity of the human family, through the promotion of understanding, friendship and harmony among nations, languages and religions, and to promote world peace through the activities of the Organization.

Parents have a significant influence on what kind of education their children should receive.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 27-LIA

Open access means that everybody has the opportunity to participate in the development of science and technology.

There is a possibility that a person's locality will be involved in the work. This work could be a sketch, a story, or any other kind of advice about the work that the person is involved in.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 28-LIA

Everyone is encouraged to participate in national or local organizations where the rights of individuals and the principles of equality addressed in these Goals are fully respected.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 29-LIA

The ability to make progress in a country becomes apparent to every citizen where his or her freedom and full humanity are at ease.

Everyone should, in his or her own opportunities and activities of liberty, be responsible for making arrangements for the knowledge and respect of the participation and liberty of others that will lead to a better life, peace and dignity, in which the interests of the larger community are well represented.

Opportunity and independence should be treated in ways different from the goals and values of the Sixth Estate.

KPEƔODZINYA ƉOƔO 30-LIA

Nothing in these Goals should be understood as belonging exclusively to a single nation. No individual or group should be understood as having the right to take any action or take any action that violates the rights and obligations set forth in these Goals.