FREEDOM AND JUSTICE

REPUBLIC OF GHANA

ASante TWI

2022 Citizen budget

2022 Launch of the Citizens' Financial System A Briefly and Flexible

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

How Citizens can request information about it

2022 National Fiscal Policy Statements and Citizenship Finances are profiled in the following indigenous news site: www.mofep.gov.gh

The majority of these books, please contact the ministry of Finance for dealing with the public. Their suburbs are:

Public Relations Office New Building Ground Floor Room 001 or 003 P. O. Box MB 40 Accra – Ghana Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

translated by:

Bureau of Ghana Languages

2 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

Content

Schedules: 3

Numbering tables: 3

The Minister's Choice 5

NATION7

How the National Monetary Fund was created in 2021 8

COURTSHIP IN THE BEGINING COURTSHIP IN DAGBANE OF 2021

The 2022 budget and the 2023 budget of the country's economy.

Proposed Monetary Fund Development Goals of the 2022 budget. 17

COVID-19 BREAST COURTIFICATION OF COVID-19 BREAST COURTIFICATION OF THE FISCELLANE 19

HOW WEARING HATS BEGAN IN THE SYMPTOMS AND HOW WEARING AREE 23

END 39

The Dictionary (Financial Policy Statements) 40

Tables:

Schedule 1: 1D1F number of Provinces ........................... 25

Schedule 2: COVID-19 vaccination scores .................................36

Different types of scoring tables:

Schedule 1: Summary of Investments in State Funds from January to 2021..........................................................

Schedule 2: Role of Investing from January to September 2021.........................................................

Schedule 3: Cost of the State (in Ghana's Million Settlement) ..................... 13

Schedule 4: Summary of the amount of money A Good Looking Available in 2022 (in Ghana's Million Investments..........................................

Schedule 5: Roles to Invest and How to Divide in 2022 (in Ghana's Million Series.............................................

3 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

“The Berekse has collapsed, but we will put on a stone cut again; the orange trees have been cut down, but we will put in four strips of paint.

(Isiah 9:10)

4 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

The Minister's Choice

The negative effects of COVID-19 pandemic have affected the economy of every country in the world including Ghana. The deaths, hardships and hardships experienced by Ghanaians are not something that the government has completely forgotten. I am proud to say that the steps taken by this country towards the outbreak are bold and decisive decisions made by all countries of the world. Government reorganization sensitization of private sector projects in order for the people to resume their practices.

The next one is that, in order to cope with the challenges and obstacles posed by the Constituent Assembly through its successful President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo-CEO, the Ghana Covid-19 Incident and Private Services (Ghana CARES) “Good Steward” Programme (Ghana COVID-19 Alleviation and Revivalization of Enterprises programme, (the Ghana CARES “Good Steward” programme) with a net worth of one hundred billion cedis (GH¢100 billion). This has brought a good rest for our people and it is also encouraging them to visit the country.

We are relieved that you have faith in the Government as we continue to do all necessary steps to prevent the spread of measles. By what happened to us at that time, we have already seen how quick we are as a nation that can stand for disaster.

The Bible gives us instructions on whenever we take such times in the books of the book of the book of the book of the true 9, verse 10, which reads, "The Bereksese has fallen, but we will throw stones and throw them again; the orange trees have been cut down but we will put strips in four." Similarly, the government has decided to fulfil all its promises and, therefore, will continue to plan and implement strategies that will ensure the success of all our losses and thus the well-being of the people.

One of the main goals of the 2022 Economic Programme and then in the next three years is to build on the country in which the Private Sectors shall be published and provide us with the economy in full, and thus all will play a crucial role in ensuring business continuity and, in particular, achieving well-being among the youth. For this reason, taking action by the Government will be of great benefit to the youth, thereby recognizing the talent they have and helping to give to everyone the opportunity to use it to help make wealth available to everyone.

To encourage and provide young people with the spirit of openness to open their own projects hence, in 2022, the Government will launch a project named YouStart Plan which will allow young people to get loans to begin to open their projects and be able to stand or expand their projects.

In the 2022 budget, there are plans to continue to be taken into account the challenges we are facing in the country now and to enable us to stand our feet again after this serious disease. The government aims at developing successful strategies and working hand in hand with different stakeholders to equip youth with vocational training and ensure the well-being of individual projects among the youth. While we are still working on the President's vision for Ghana to reach the immediate Ghana cedi we will need, I will plead with you.

5 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

All Ghanaians, especially the youth, must realize that they have a part in this country, that they are not thinking positively and that they are not engaging in the development of private enterprises and that they are not completing the level playing field.

I encourage all of us to help and strengthen the Ghanaian unity we all need.

God bless us!! !

Ken Ofori-Atta Minister for Finance

6 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

BARBER/CIRCUM

1. The 2022 Citizen's Finance Programme is a continuation of the Government's role in 2021 and the expected amount of funding the Government envisages to take action on its policies and activities in 2022 and in the near future.

2. In order to further align the steps we are taking for social and economic development and to achieve national development goals, the 2022 budget is aimed at building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published and projects will continue to generate income for the citizenry.

7 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

How the National Monetary Fund was created in 2021

As the basis for the economic development of the country was correct

3. The following is a narration report in which we have received an overview of how the country economy was stable in 2021:

• The first six months of March 2021 saw a national gross commodity growth of three per cent and three per cent (Overall real GDP averaged 3.5%) during the same time period in 2020, commodity growth peaked at one hundred per cent and seven per post (0.7% growth);

• Product revenue excluding Oil (Non-Oil real GDP) went up to 4 percent and 8.8% behind (4.8%) in the first six months of 2021, and at the same time in 2020, this funding went up to only one percent further and one percent later (1.1%);

• The price of goods at the end of September was up to ten per cent and six pesos (10.6 %), and at the same time in 2020, the price of goods was up to ten per cent and four per cent (10.4%);

• The amount of money left we needed to spend on all of our budget funds (Overall budget deficit -cash) in the first six months of 2021 was seven per cent and seven per cent (6.7% of GDP), and at the same time in 2020, the target was seven per cent and four per cent (6.4% of GDP);

• The amount of money we will need to pay for service expenses (Primary balance) is two per cent and two per second (2.0% of GDP), and at the same time in 2020, it was one per cent and seven per second (1.7. %);

• The national cost of bringing to the percentage of total merchandise of GDP) was seventy-seven per cent and seven per cent (77.7%) at the end of September 2021, at the end of January of 2020, it was seventy-six per cent and one per barrel (67.1 %);

• Foreign Investments of the Nation (Gross International Reserves) also reached eleven billion United States currencies and forty-four million (US$11.44 billion) by the end of August 2021, which can be ordered for five months and five days and compared to the end of January 2020, was an American net worth of eight billion and sixty-two million (US$8.62 billion) which could only be ordered for four months and one day; then then

8 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

• The National currency strength of major foreign currencies represented a milestone in 2021. By the end of September 2021, Ghana's revenue growth had increased by approximately one percent and seven percent (1.7% against the US dollar) and compared to the same time period in 2020, the country's income ratio in the United States was lower than that of 2.5% and 9% later (2.9%).

9 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

COURTSHIP IN THE FACE OF THE NATIONAL CRIME AND TERMS OF 2021

Funding of the National Fund

4. The total revenue collected by the Government was allocated from January to September 2021 to forty-six billion and eighty-five billion (GH¢46.85 billion) which accounted for up to seven percent of total domestic commodities (10.7% of GDP), and revised the terms of service, and the target amount of income was one hundred and thirty-one billion (GH¢51.31 billion) which accounted for eleven percent of total domestic commodities and seven sevenths (1.7% of GDP). The amount of money in the national fund is as follows: Non-money laundering (Non-oil Tax Revenue) of seventy-four (74%), non-money of non-money of coal and non-tax (Non-oil-non-tax Revenue) of nine (9%), non-money derivatives of coal and gas (Oil and Gas Receipts) of nine per cent (9%), other money (other Revenue) of 6 per cent (6%) and non-money sharing of the country (Grants) of two per cent (2%) as expressed in Schedule 1.

5. The 2021 Revenue Tax (Corporate Income Tax), Personal Income Tax (Personal Income Tax), Income Tax, Domestic Excise Duty (Dometic) and Subscription Services (Communications Service Tax) were all reduced.

10 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

Schedule 1: Summary of the Income of the National Fund from January to September 2021

6%

2%

9%

9%

74%

It sells non-fueled cash

Petroleum and gas money

Non-float gold

Other currencies

Gift of money

A Role We Moneyd

6. By the end of the month 2021, the amount of money used by the Government (including the amount we have paid) had reached an amount of 878 billion Ghana cedis and seventy-one billion (GH¢80.71 billion) which is 18% of the country's commodity and 4.4% of GDP (18.4% of GDP) relative to the implementation changes, and we should have used the Ghana cedi of 803 billion (GH¢83.89 billion) which is nineteen percent of the country's commodity and one-third (19.1% of GDP). Executive compensation and bursaries were two of the most costly things the government had ever created.

11 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

Schedule 2: Role A We Moneyd from January to September 2021

Executive compensation

Product and Product currencies

Secess-payment

Funding for Government projects

Development funding

Other activities fund

10%

29%

4%

32%

14%

11%

Investment Plans Steps and Project Funds

7. The amount used by the Government to increase the cost of thirty-three billion and eighty-six million (GH¢33.86 billion) which was seven per cent of this country's commodity and seven per cent (7.7% of GDP) which was supposed to be thirty-two billion and fifty-eight million (GH¢32.58 billion) which was seven per cent and four per cent of this country's commodity (7.4% of GDP). The government solicited money for this extra debt from both the country and abroad. The amount of funds received by the Government in this country reached twenty-and-nine billion (GH¢20.39 billion) of sixty-and-two percent of the country's gross merchandise (60.2% of GDP) and the amount of funds received by Government abroad also reached thirteen billion and forty-seven million (GH¢13.47 billion) of the country's 39% of gross merchandise (39.8% of GDP).

Costs of State in 2021

8. The current report is that, by the end of the month of 2021, the estimated Ghana’s total worth of forty-one billion (GH¢341.76 billion) and seventy-six billion (US$58.348 billion) dollars were worth fifty-eight billion (US$58.348 billion). This represents 77.8% of the total commodity output in this country (77.8% of GDP). The total cost of the country is GH¢163.65 billion Ghana’s foreign debt debt, which is one hundred and sixty-five billion (GH¢163.65 billion) which you owe to the United States.

12 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

It costs $27 billion and 78 billion (US$27.88 billion) of the country's 70% and 47.9% of GDP, and then the country's debt, which is also Ghana's 78.8 billion Ghana cedis and eleven million (GH¢178.11 billion), is a sum of $30.35 billion (US$50.50 billion) of the country's 50% and a half (52.1% % of GDP).

Table 3: Cost of the State (in Ghana's Million currencies)

External Debt Domestic Debt Total Debt/GDP Total Debt/GDP (without bailout) Total Debt

76.1% 77.8% 72.0% 61.2% 341.8 56.1% 69.7% 54.2% 291.6 56.2% 53.0% 163.7 218.2 141.8 173.1 112.7 142.6 86.2 178.1 75.8 149.8 105.5 86.9 66.8

2017 2018 2019 Sept. 2021 Prov.

Source of this report from: Financial Services Authority (MOF)

13 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

2022 budget and National Financial Standards

Sources of the Nation's financial stability with respect to 2022

9. The following national economic foundations are as follows:

• A five percent and eight percent of total merchandise in this country (Real GDP growth of 5.8 %);

• Nine-fifths of the country's gold-free commodities (Non-Oil Real GDP growth of 5.9 %);

• Eight percent of retirement-high-values (End-December inflation of 8 %);

• exceeding what we have - seven percent and four-quarters of money (Fiscal deficiency of 7.4% of GDP);

• The maximum amount of money we'll raise - a percentage of nothing and a certain amount of back (primary surplus of 0.1 % of GDP); then

• The amount of Foreign money we need to get to order for about four months.

How to solicit money in 2022

10. Government is expected to increase its revenue by 2022 to GH¢100.52 billion (GH¢100.52 billion) which accounts for 20 per cent of the country's gross commodity output (¢20.0% of GDP). The estimated amount of money we are going to receive in this country is ninety-nine billion (GH¢99.55 billion). The revenue generated in this country is seventy-six per cent (77.5%) of Ghana’s total income is seventy-six per cent (GH¢77,136 million). Government is optimistic that the amount we charge will depend on tax integrity, budget changes and tax policies.

14 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

Schedule 4: The Golden Rule of 2022 (in Ghana's billions of currencies)

Silver prize 1.0

Other 5.5 currencies

6.6 Golden Gold

Non-fueled incomes and not 10.3

It covers 75.2 non-fuels

It sells 78.2 cedis

Revenue in this country 97.6

The amount of money received by the Government and 98.6 gifts

0.0 20.0 40.0 60.0 80.0 100.0 120.0

How to allocate funds in 2022

11. The government plans to increase the amount of money it will spend on Ghana’s transport fares by GH¢137.53 billion (GH¢137.53 billion) which accounts for 24 per cent of the country’s gross merchandise output by 24 per cent (27.4% of GDP). The factors that will play a vital role in Government's governance are the developmental sector, Government's key functions, executive compensation and credit-winning.

15 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

Schedule 5: Roles to Invest Money and How We Divide it in 2022 (in Ghana's billions of currencies)

Cost of 1.5

Other activities fund 11.5

Funding for 26.5 government projects

Insurance-fee 37.5

Augmentation 16.2

Product and product 9.2

Staff compensation 36.0

Project capitalization 138.3

0.0 20.0 40.0 60.0 80.0 100.0 120.0 140.0 160.0

12. Looking at what we are aiming at and what we are going to spend on and what we are going to spend on in 2022, the budget is higher than the one recorded in the Financial Services Programme (GH¢39.01 billion) which accounts for seven per cent and four per cent of the country's commodity output (7.4% of GDP).

13. The amount of money we are looking forward to coming from abroad to spend on our money is around nine billion cedis and one billion cedis (GH¢9.1 billion) of one and eight per cent of the country's commodity output (1.8% of GDP). The amount we are hoping to get in this country is also about twenty-seven billion cedis and nine million cedis (GH¢27.9 billion) of the country's five- and six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-s

16 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

MISCAL SYMPTOMS IN THE 2022 FINAzine

National Money Systems

14. The government has put in place strategies that will spur the development of more efficient products in the country and abroad. As a result, there has been a need for the following structural changes:

• To clarify the benefits of industrialization and to be able to expand their role, the Government will spend a period of two years on the amount of time it allocated to the textile industries to pay the commercial tax (Vat Relief) that it started in 2019;

• Two years later, with the implementation of the foreign trade policy on imports, we granted a measure of stability to foreign merchants. There will be changes in this framework for it to be successful and to help the specific foreign marketers that this framework should help them;

• We will reduce the tax on small-scale mining projects that sell gold without paying for machinery from three per cent to one per cent and a half (withholding tax rate reduction from 3 % to 1.5 %);

• As of early January 2022, the Ghana Revenue Authority (Ghana Revenue Authority) will support the Municipal, Municipal and Municipal Assembly (MMDAs) to find a common platform to help them move on with the tax collection so that they can be well received and calculate it well;

• Government will reform the types of funds collected by various Government Enterprises (MDAs) for their implementation and will enter into force from the first day of January of 2022. The amount of revenue collected by Government Enterprises will be based on the annual inflation rate;

• Legislators accept this Finance Policy as soon as possible the end of the strike;

• We shall introduce an Electronic Transaction Levy (“Electronic Levy” or “E- Levy”) in order to increase tax collection and also increase the number of unregistered users in Government publications among the people who pay taxes in this country. This tax will affect the economy, the banking economy, the ‘fow’ economy and the economy of foreign origin, and the tax which remains one and seven per cent and a half (1.75%) of the individual who is making money is going to pay, unless the foreign currency is coming and the one who will receive the money will pay this tax. This tax will start on February 1, 2022. The amount of money that will last for a day which is up to one hundred cedis (GH¢100) or less, does not increase.

17 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

Program of Practice Finance

15. In order to capitalise on the economy, we will take action on various project budgets in 2022 and in the near future:

a. The Government will continue to protect the executive pay system and in this regard, we will ensure that only the best-equipped civil servants will be enrolled in the Government compensation manual;

b. In 2022 and in the near future, we will conduct a review of the basis of Government employee services through which to identify the number of employees that they will need in various Government sectors in order to achieve the correct number of Government employees and to fulfill their roles;

c. Any other development projects described in the 2022 Economic Plan to do, and all steps taken by Government Services (MDAs), Municipal, Municipal and Municipal Assembly (MMDAs) and Government Enterprises (SOEs) in the face-to-face development plan (Media-Term Development Plans) regardless of the source of the project funding, shall be adopted by law (L.I. 2411) the road is designed to free the economy and help the development of the country’s developmental services for the benefit of the people.

16. The following economic steps will be taken to ensure that we do not offend within the next few days in the form of financial repression:

• Only the Materials Certified by Government Enterprises in their Product Plans (Procurement Plans) that have appeared on the marketplace in the Government Product Approval Working Group (PPA)'s traditional news site (website) will be addressed;

• The Product request made by each Government agency annually must be those that are deducted in that same year's Financial System. Apart from this, we need to know where the price of these products is coming from and what the amount of money is there for these products;

• No head of government has the right to sign any Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to bind the Government of Ghana financially in the absence of approval from the Minister of Finance.

18 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

COVID-19 BREAST COVID-19 BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC

The Ghana Covid-19 Missile and Private Sector Inspiration Support (Ghanacares) Programme

17. In order to achieve our goals, we would like to reach Ghana as soon as we do not need help, and then again stand our feet after the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government of Ghana started to take action on the Ghana Covid-19 Incident and Private Sector Inspiration (Ghana CARES) “Good mother” Project, which is one hundred billioncedis (GH¢100 billion) of cedis. The goal of this is to improve the economy of the country through the development and contribution of private sector policy and to stimulate and improve the lives of the people.

18. The following are the various successes of the project that came out in 2021 and then the various steps we have taken to improve it in 2022.

The Indigenous Peoples' Approach to Peanuts and Peanuts

19. At the end of October 2021, we had recorded a total of five hundred and seventy-nine thousand people, sixty-two (579,662 individuals) names, one hundred and twenty-six (547,126 farmers) and another thirty-six(32,536) of them are the types of people who work in agriculture (32,536 value chain actors) and this will help us to follow their work closely, identify everyone who is doing the work so that the Government's support for the farming will be fulfilled and will be very clear to everyone.

20. Governments met with various stakeholders, potatoes, soybean and tomatoes, and through this conference saw the problems in their operations and this led the Government to make arrangements to provide land-responsible loans to the various agricultural sectors in order to solve their problems with their services. In this system, 50 percent of the unsecured loan (50% subsidy on interest) will be transferred to the respective agri-business companies for the purchase of the consumer equipment needed to expand their weight as well.

21. In order to bolster this modernization of agriculture, we will take the following steps in 2022:

• we are going to open the Ghana Agricultural Land Information Bank-GhLIB (Ghana Agricultural Land Information Bank-GhLIB) to help those who want to farm sales produce;

19 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

• Through social networks and message channels (social media) for educating and engaging youth about the various opportunities in agriculture; and then

• We will research the agricultural trade process through which we learn about the plans and tools that will help us with this agricultural trade so that we can equip the youth with the tools and support they need.

Tourism, Arts and Cultural Development

22. The role of the Government through the CARES system to enhance Tourism, Arts and Culture has improved the economy thus, the Government tried to complete the process of putting National Tourism in a single indigenous news centre, thus bringing in three hundred (300 operators) of the tourism industry in order to employ and fulfill their roles through indigenous peoples.

23. In 2022, the Government will construct some areas such as the Artificial Development Center, electricity plants, damaged organs centers, and clear access to tourism facilities and then provide facilities such as electricity, water and communication equipment such as electricity, water and heat and communication equipment for tourism.

Product and Product Transfer in Foreign Development

24. In order to align our role with the Government's Enterprise Goals Edu (Government’s 10-Point Industries Agenda), we have decided to focus on Ghana’s Small Enterprises expansion so that they can develop value-added products in the international market, enhance agricultural activities, develop more export-driven products and thus improve service delivery for the citizenry. In 2021, the Government launched an Addiction Center similar to that located all over the world in Noguchi to help in the practice of medical companies in the country. In 2022, we will take the following steps:

• Corporate strategy changes will be faster and modern approach will star in the Chief Corporate Papers (Registrar General Department);

• Government will launch programs to establish County Industrial Places to compete with Industrial Universities (Technical Universities); then then

• We will expand the medicine we buy from the pharmaceutical companies of this country and work with them to develop successful drugs.

20 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

“As we are talking about the distance we have from the world’s societies to the expertise of the people, we have accelerated the process of connecting people.

25. The government is continuing to promote positive development in our modern communication systems. To bring this measure to an end, the Government has given more than fifteen million Ghanaian citizens (over 15 million Ghanaians) access to their personal identification cards and has also laid down seven hundred million and five hundred thousand cedis (7.5 million) in the country's foreign policy that help us know the exact location of each of these types of plants.

26. The Bank of Ghana (Bank of Ghana) through the introduction of new digital currencies (e-cedi currency) into the market has strengthened our modernization of knowledge. We have already revealed the ways in which we use technology in the Government, and the ways in which we allow government agencies to fulfill their duties to the public and bring value to the social media centre called 'Ghana.gov'.

Steps of life security and Successive Health Care

27. The government is embarking on a step towards the establishment of a Ghanaian vaccine to combat tuberculosis (Ghana Vaccine Manufacturing Centre). We are going to complete the National Plan for the Prohibition of Immunities immediately following the introduction of the National Drug Administration (National Vaccine Institute) which is to be followed by a list of the vaccines that we are going to use for. The government through the one hundred and eleven hospitals (Agenda 111 Programme) to be established in the districts is the National Health Insurance Scheme (National Health Insurance Scheme) to provide health equipment to the health sector and provide the health facilities with the necessary funds to implement them in order to ensure the integrity of the health we are looking for in 2030.

Employment and labour challenges are not resolved by youth

28. To prevent youth unemployment and manual labour problems, Government through various activities such as the open access to jobs for young people and small businesses (SMEs) by NEIP, NABCO, the National timber industry and NBSSI (now known as GEA).

29. The number of partnerships between the Government and the various sectors including youth and education sectors has increased, and in 2022, the Government will, on the basis of Ghana’s COVID-19 Missile and Private Sector Revival Support Programme (GACARES), begin rolling out plans under the name of the NewStart, using a total of one billion worth of cement (Ghc 1.0 billion) to open up a total of one million projects over the years

21 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

intersperse. This YouStart service will help those who then start their own businesses to make money, acquire skills, get craft training and incentive to start their own businesses to grow.

Climate change action is the best way to mitigate the negative impact of climate.

30. The late COVID-19 funding reform program has allowed us to re-suscitate the potential for better road and energy planting trees. As a result, the Government has implemented various climate change measures to help mitigate the movement, economic development, employment and apartheid.

31. The country of Ghana is planning on implementing measures to clamp down on the four forest cuts in the forest reserves. For this reason, the government is taking steps to repair the damaged lands, to ensure the safety of our forests and their natural resources, mosquito nets and activities that will benefit us.

32. In order to overcome the impact of deforestation and deforestation, the President led the people to plant more than seven thousand trees in April 2021. This beats five thousand trees that were meant to grow on the plan called Green Ghana.

22 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

HOW WEARING HATS BEGAN IN THE SYMPTOMS AND HOW WEARING HATS BEGAN IN DAGBON

33. The 2022-2025 Preamble to the National Development Plan (Medium-Term National Development Policy Framework (MTNDPF) was the architect of the plan known as the Ghanaian development aims (2018-2021) (Ghana’s Medium-Term National Development Policy Framework -2018-2021). The following types of development programs are the basis of these new frameworks: the Ghanaian Development Goals (Long-Term National Development Framework - Ghana@100), the Economic and Social Development Framework ( coordinates Programme of Economic and Social Development Policies (2017-2024), the Non-Fedation of Ghana, (Ghana Beyond Aid) and the support of the Ghana COVID-19 pandemic and private sector incentives (GhanaCarES). Another of the objectives of this framework is to achieve achievability with the United Nations Coalition agenda titled “Agenda 2030” (SDGs) and the African Union Goals titled “Africa Union Agenda 2063”.

34. This section reflects the role of the Government in the 2021 institutions and its role in 2022.

Workarounds

35. In order to create jobs for the people, the government has implemented a number of policies and practices such as the Ghana Productive Safety Net Project (GPSNP). In this exercise, the Government:

i. provided jobs to the people in the Municipalities, Municipalities, and District, eighty-eight (80 MMDAs) of the most poor and thirty-three hundred and fifty-two (33,952 extreme poor persons) and total compensation served a total of fifty-three million and forty-three thousand (GH¢53.43 million total ware payout);

iii. allocated a total of five and eighty-two thousand GH¢5.82 to nine hundred and forty-four (9,244) of plants in one hundred and twenty-eight different regions (128 communities) of the Municipalities, Municipalities and Districts (41 MMDAs) of five Northern Regions to start or expand their operations.

36. Government plans to engage young people in various activities, thereby reducing the size of urban migration (viral-urban), and improving their liverihoods, thus, by cutting down the affected countries of the country's forests and by cutting down the affected cocoa farmlands and by putting in place hundreds and thirty thousand jobs (13,000 jobs were created).

23 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

solo 425

Cocoa plantation

37. The National Afforestation Management Programme (National Afforestation Programme -NAP) provided employment opportunities for seventy-two thousand people (72,000 people). The population was above sixty,000 (600,000) people, and we are expected to employ them to help with the planting of the tree. Based on the Youth Forest Management Programme (Youth in Afforestation Programme), we took a total of thirty-five thousand people (35,000) and based on what has been dubbed the Modified Taungya System (MTS) took a total of 77,000 people ( 17,000) and then based on the recruitment program (2,000 people). Private projects also took eighteen thousand people (18,000,000)

38. The Youth Employment Task Force (Youth Employment Agency (YEA) employed its branches to recruit an 88,000, eight hundred and sixty-nine (82,869 beneficiaries). The site “The Job Centre”, an intermediary for job seekers and companies, helped employ a total of one thousand, one hundred and eighty-five (1,185 people).

39. Despite the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, we are still growing in terms of One District One Factory (IDIF). Since 2017 till now, the One District One Factory (1D1F) has been working on seventy-eight (288 1D1F) drugs for various purposes. One hundred and six of them are still in use now (106 in operation), we are building one hundred and forty-eight (148 construction), and twenty-four are now going to launch (24 pipeline projects). So far the industry has employed an estimated number of hundreds of thousands of people, including 377,782 people, and the number is seventy-one,one hundred and fifty (17,451 people) who were employed in 2021.

24 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

1D1F Tomato technology at Domphete in Berekum West

40. The project “Enable Youth 1D1F, 75,8 of the fifty-eight (58 projects) projects are owned by the Government-in-chief youth groups and have been backed up to financially support the opening of their own most successful technology projects. Each of these companies has a population of about forty to forty-eight who have invested in the projects.

41. The one- District Planture (1D1F) of seventy-eight (288 1D1F) in the various districts is as follows:

Schedule 1: 1D1F rate in the Provinces

County 1D1F Level

Ahafo Prefecture 5

Ashanti Region 54

Bono East Region 10

Bono County 19

Central Region 19

Eastern Province 37

Greater Accra Region 76

North East Region 3

Northern Region 6

Oti County 3

Savanna County (Comedy) 4

North East Region 7

North West Region 6

Firaw County 13

Western Province

Upper West region 5

25 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

42. Based on the Inter-Ministerial Committee on Illegal Mining (Free Zones Enterprises), the Free Zones industry employed a total of 30,189 people (30,189) in the trading sector (manufacturing sector).

Akuapem North District footwear plant

Sefwi Kontombra

43. There is hope that, if we can complete the various 1D1F projects, it will lead us to open the number of projects, eight hundred and seventeen in one hundred and thirty-four districts across the country. In 2022, the Youth Employment Task Force (YEA) will have a partnership with the one hundred and six thousand beneficiaries in 1D1F.

Shipping Industry

44. The Vehicle Acquisition-setting and Automotive Industry (Vehicle Assembly and Automotive Industry) a component of the Ghana Shipping Technology Development project helped the Toyota Tsusho Planting, opened the Board of Inquiry-founding in April 2021 through which Toyota and Suzuki began developing Toizuki vessels – Hilux Pickup and Suzuki Swift – in Ghana. Volkswagen started numbering in August 2020 in Ghana and was continued in 2021. The Kantanka Airline company also improved the quality of its vehicles here in Ghana.

45. In 2022, it is foreseeable that the four Boards of Vehicles, including Nissan, KIA, Hyundai and Renault, will also begin trading the number of vessels.

Ghana Cemetery / Aerial Reform

46. Due to the President's vision of state-of-the-art trees, the Department of Prama and Gardens planted a total of two hundred and nine trees.

26 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

(10,209 trees) across all parts of the country to mark the World Residency Day celebrations.

47. In the National Forest Reserve, we set out to plant trees on 80,000 hectares of land, but we are able to plant the trees on seventy-five-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-s Again, we planted a total of three and seven million trees including the Ofran, Emire, Wawa, Kokrodua, Tek, Cedrela, GMela, Cassia, Eucalyptus and Mahogany.

> Bessom Pixels

48. The project, which is called "Galamstop", has led to the emergence of some major rivers such as the Twifo Praso River, the Pra River in Daboase, the River Ankobra in Bonsaso, the Tano River in Elabo, the Osino River Birim in Bunso.

MINISTRY OF LANDS AND NATIONAL

MLNR

49. We started the site of residential protection in some communities in the Firaw lakes (Black and White Volta), Tano, Offin and Densu.

27 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

There were fifty-two (252 nursery attendees) in seven regions, and then we planted sixteen thousand trees, nine hundred and thirty-seven (16,937 seedlings). The aim of all of this is to help control the environment that is flooded with water and to reduce the impact of human activities on the water bodies.

50. We led the public to stop mining in the Kpone (Nkran region) and Oti (Ashanti region) and continued to implement reforms to local and local governments.

51. In 2022, the Pramma and Garden Company (Parks and Gardens Department) will drop 400,000 seedlings for sale, and plant hundreds of thousands of trees (10,000 trees) in all parts of the country based on the anti-air exchange advertising program.

Everyone Will Got a Water Project

52. Because of the Government project, which has called “water for All”, we have already started water projects that address specific water issues. These are as follows:

• The first North Eastern Province water projects section (for benefits to people in Navrongo, Bolgatanga, Paga, Bongo and its communities) – has been implemented to ninety-eight percent (98% completed) and will be rolled out in the month of January 2021;

• The Tamale Water Project – we have completed the ongoing conservation process;

• The Damango Water Project – an upcoming launch of all of its programs and programs;

• Wenchi Water Project – we have completed all of its plans for the project to begin;

• Keta water Project – we have completed all of its plans for the project to continue. ; mother

• Sekondi-Takoradi water Project – all of which have been completed to automate its coverage.

28 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

Novrondo repository

Aboriginal Licensing System

53. As of February 30, 2021, the Ghanaian population was recorded fifteen, sixty-six hundred and sixty (15,656,160 Ghanaians) in the Official Identity Register (NIR), and the Ghana National Identity Card (Ghana Cards) number one million, forty-eight thousand and ninety-one (11,648,391 Ghanaians) who were more than fifteen years old. Again, we wrote a list of sixty-three thousand foreigners and ninety-five 163,695 foreigners. I gave them the identity cards (Non-Citizen Identity Cards).

54. The National SIM card registration system was launched in October of the first month of 2021 on all of the networks, to help prevent the theft of SIM cards and the illegal use of “mobael” phones, and this service would end in late January of 2022.

Roads

55. By the end of September 2021, there was an increase in the number of roads connecting the cities to twenty-one, six and five (21,165 km), which leads to the site of the source of seedlings.

29 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

six, sixty-five (6,265 km) and two thousand kilometers of roads, nine hundred and thirty-seven km (2,937 km).

56. On the 9th of May 2021, we launched the Pokuasi road construction project, which includes the bridge bridge, a twelve-mile road project, road construction, public transit area, congestion, congestion, and various forms of transport.

Pokusee square entrance

57. In 2022, we will set up a roadmap which will include road construction, road construction, road construction, road construction, road construction, road construction, road construction, including twenty-five kilometers (25,000 km) of road construction, which leads to six-thousand-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon

58. Again, we will do periodic maintenance activities in some damaged areas (spot improvement), road boreholes (re-gravelling), road wetlands (resealing), subtropical (asphaltic overlay), some repairs (partial reconstruction), bridges (bridges) and large water-borne metal or "centered" drones (culverts) have twenty-three km (23km) routes, routes leading to the source of plants from eight hundred miles (800km) and 300 km of native roads (300 km). Then we will finish all the way to seventy-five kilometers (75km), which leads to a total of one hundred and fifty kilometers (150 km) of vegetation and thirty-three kilometers of native roads.

59. We are still carrying out the following key tasks and will continue in 2022:

• The second part of the Obezebi Lamptey bridge;

• The third strip of the second strip of Tema Motorway's first strip of the third strip;

• La coastal processing of the road (first and second - Lots 1&2) Accra-Plament of the road; and

30 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

• Kumasi Tade Road and Lunarisation Management.

Food Protection

60. The program they are looking forward to enhance agriculture throughout the year, therefore, we are aiming to mine sixty-five (560 targeted dams) and we are able to mine five and seven (507 dug out Dams), and we are also based on the “One Country Individual Commandment Plan” to complete a total of eighty other (80 completed dams).

61. Based on the Agricultural process, the IPEP phase completed all fifty rural markets and the Mankasim market's first section, which includes eighty-eight metres of cutlass.

62. Due to the role of empowering the healthy population (Ghana Productive Safety Net - GPSNP), the Government, on the basis of its “Agricultural Crops for the exportation and Rural Development Programme (Planting for Export and Rural Development (PERD) Programme) distributed a total of seven million small-scale fertilizers and nine hundred thousand (7.9 million cash crop seedlings) to farmers.

TECNO CAMON

PERD small crop trees for Kintampo farmers in Bono East Region

63. Based on the project “Agricultural Crops for the Sale of Foreign and Rural Development”, the government distributed tea, coffee, coconut, palm, mango, and small rubber trees to publish a total of one hundred and sixty-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-s

31 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

64. The government passed the ban on the number one we were aiming to build as many as eleven dams as possible in 10 different parts of the country. The government then distributed seven million, seven hundred thousand and five hundred drugs under mosquito nets.

65. The government continued implementation of the following types of farm-land-based mining activities which, after all, will bring water to six hundred and sixty-six hectares of land, seven hundred and sixty-six (6,766ha), to the extent of the year: the Kpong farm-so-supplies which will bring water to two thousand hectares of land, seventy-six (2,176ha), the Tono farm-supplies which will bring water to ninety-two hundred and ninety-two hectares of land (2,499ha) and the Kpong Tadee River Left (Kpong Left Bank) the water bodies which will bring water to two thousand hectares and a hundred hectares of land. Other types of farm-land-related projects also include those in the Tamne area of the North East Region and Mpurem in the Central Region, which, when completed, will lead to a flood of vegetation-related resources which will bring water to seventy-five hectares of land to heap rice and vegetables on rice farms.

Tono field-based mining activities in Navorong

66. By the end of 2021, we have already completed 30 warehouses (warehouses) on the basis of the arrangement of “One Constituent Assembly”). We will finish the seven numbers by the end of 2021. This project will provide a repository of approximately 30,000 mts to help preserve the fertility rate that is expected to be due to the PFJ program.

32 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

The Ghanaian Abe trading center in Wenchi

67. In the year 2020/21 agriculture boom, the number of cocoa we heard increased above all that we have ever cut to a million tons, along with forty thousand and five hundred (1,045,500 tons) We increased the government's cost of selling cocoa to up to 28 per cent (GH¢10,560) per litre in the 2019/20 agricultural period and the price remained the same even in the 2021/22 agricultural period even during the period when there was a drop in cocoa in the world market.

68. The Animal Research Center for Cancer (RIBRO) (A Animal Research Institute Broiler) was introduced, when it was the first time the CSIR has rolled out the viral and eyebrows in the market. The number ofects that were up to one thousand and three hundred and the number of palm weevil larvae who were up to three hundred and seventeen. Again, they looked at the sixty million and twenty-three hundred thousand small palm weevil larvae (6,023,930 oil palm germinated seedlings) to be planted in the “Agricultural produce to sell its rural development activities (PERD) and to sell the fifty-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-s

33 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

69. In 2022, the government will continue to support wildlife farmers through the implementation of programs such as livestock and 44,000 hectares, eight thousand pigs, five million yen and twenty thousand elderly people to increase agricultural production.

70. The CSIR company will continue to support the exportation of agricultural produce to the market for its rural Development (PERD) and then enhance the overall Food and Jobs (PFJ) sector and, in this case, provide small-scale agricultural production to farmers. Based on the project titled ARIBRO, we will allocate some of the cooked chicken to the livestock farmers.

Fire Force

71. In order to increase the energy loss we experience when driving power to places needed and shared and all of its provisions are going forward, steps are taking on all of the following roles as appropriate:

Kumasi-Kintampo's firepower (330KV) debut book service alongside the 330KV Kumasi-Bolgatanga book service has made it available;

Volta-Achimota's firepower (161KV) first phase of the electricity book service alongside Volta-Achimota-Mallam's electricity service has been completed by eighty-three percent and by the Achimota-Mallam section also by fifty-five percent;

We have already completed the implementation of the Pokuasi Energy Machine (Bulk Supply Point) and have put in place its cover to ensure that it is also in use; then

The service of the Kasoa Energy Machine (Bulk Supply Point) through which GRIDCO’s 161KV Winneba is being re-engineered to the Mallam section book service is now reaching eighty-five percent of its educational services and by the end of 2021 all of which have been completed.

72. In order to reduce the power supply in all parts of the country by 2024, we reduced the number of sixty-two communities to the national energy catalogue, thus increasing the power supply in the country from 85 to 17 percent in 2020 to 88-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six The plan to put out a list of the five and a dozen communities on firestones is underway and each one has a specific specific impact.

34 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

Education

73. The government and its associated stakeholders in the education sector took the lead in developing a strategic plan to open schools in 2021. We provided all schools with a “temometer” to check up on the students and teachers. We gave students the "nose mask" mask that they could wash back to wear and also sprayed it with dangerous chemicals in public and private schools. This step contributed to the prevention of the COVID-19 pandemic, thus protecting the students, both teachers and the general public and this contributed to the return of students in all cases to school in 2020/2021.

HUAWei nwai AI QuaD CAMERA

74. The government education system, “Fa-me-wave High School,” saw an increase in the number of additional students from twenty-five to sixty-one (425,061 first-year students) to one hundred and sixty-five (261,495 students). Not only did we give the other students the following scholastic materials because of the "fa-me-kwa" High School program thus:

• The catalogue of small books containing a total of forty-five, five hundred and eighty-four (4,135,284 exercise books;

• One million large catalogues, seventy-seven hundred and forty-seven thousand books (1,777,547 notebooks);

• Thirty-five hundred and fifty-one (395,571 physical education kits);

• The number of students studying magnetology is one hundred and thirty-eight thousand (1,734,800 cartridge art paper for visual arts students);

• Academics with thirty thousand and sixty-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-s

• The Children's Graphic Charter “Drawing Board” number twenty-seven hundred and ninety-one (27,391 technical drawing boards); and

35 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

• Twenty-seven hundred and ninety-one craft crafts (27,391 sets of technical instruments).

75. Again, we played one hundred and eighteen other high school roles, finishing all with classrooms, where the students sleep (dormitories), where they do homework (administration blocks), book reading and where they eat well. This has led to a total of sixty-seven of the roles played in the construction of secondary schools.

Health

76. The table below shows details of COVID-19 which have taken place as of the 5th of November 2021.

Schedule 2: COVID-19 vaccination statistics

Specific functions include blood test for those who have recovered; those who have recovered; those who have died and those who have died.

Time after time 446,782 49,609 125,320 1,203 1,274

Follower ankle 876,906 78,092

Foreign Traveller (KIA) 585,781 2,907 2,811

Population 1,909,489 130,608 128,131 1,203 1,274

77. At the end of the general campaign on COVID-19 (COVID-19), the vaccine also came to the fore in the past.

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

79. Due to the steps we are taking to widen the scope of small-scale aviation (drone services) in the health sector that need to be rolled out to all parts of the country, the government and the company Zipline have united to build two other pilot sites in the Eastern Region and Abujuro in the Oti region. These two small-flight centers will operate at a hospital of sixty-six and are now carrying on a journey of fifty-four (54%) percent (54%) of the hospital's size and are a bit difficult for these small-scale aircraft to carry with health equipment.

80. The government will accelerate the achievement of Target 111 (Agenda 111 Project), which will build one hundred and one district hospitals (101 district hospitals), seven district hospitals (7 regional hospitals) and three psychiatric hospitals (3 psychiatric hospitals). Currently, ninety-one district hospitals and housing centers (91 district hospital Cadastral plans) are already in production.

81. In 2022, we will begin with the 11th. The number of hospitals in which forty beds will enter (40-bed hospitals) is 1 day. The number of hospitals with thirty beds (30-bed hospitals) in Asante, Bono, Accra and Eastern Provinces. The services of the Tema General Hospital (Tema General Hospital) and the main Medical Store (Central Stores) will also begin and at the same time, the services of the La, Nkoranza and Shama hospitals in construction will also continue to be equally available.

Census

82. We ended the operation of the census on August 8, 2021. There was an increase in the number of Ghana’s total number of Ghana’s population in September 2021, according to the GH¢30,77,28,682,608. Out of this, the female population is made up of fifteen, six hundred and ten, one hundred and forty-nine (15,610,149 million) women, fifty-seven (50.7%) and the male population.

37 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

It is made up of fifteen, one hundred and eighty-two thousand, one hundred and fifty-nine (15,182,459 million males) of forty-nine and three-thirds (49.3%).

2021 Characters and Advances

83. In 2022, we will set up an Analysis of Corporate Diversity (Integrated Business Establishment Survey-IBES) that will help us have a credible corporate scoring report when it is due and needed, will enable us to plan and find ways to improve the overall landscape of this country.

38 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

Conclusion

84. The 2022 budget is very important in the process of moving back to our old ways without any backlash, and we have had the positive changes that will give us hope that Ghana will not need the support we need (Ghana Beyond Aid). It is vital that we take care of our needs, our wants and our desires into account as one nation and people.

85. These steps will need to be adopted to ensure the availability and development of private sector in the country. There have been a lot of efforts and contributions towards the development of better communication and communication that will help us to progress with the activities we have made in this financial system. Let's work together!

86. God bless our country Ghana!

39 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

Glossary of Terminology (Financial System terminology)

One District One Factory (D1F): This is a set of technologies to open up in the district and thus enhance infrastructure in Ghana. This is to ensure that businesses in the country get jobs done by all Ghanaians in the country.

Statistics (Accountability): This represents the Government's accountability of citizens for its activities and also the reports of various steps it has taken. This includes finance and various government-run properties for the general public.

Fund allocation (Allocation): This is the process of splitting public funds for the various departments and agencies of the Government for use to the public.

Problem-nosing (alleviation): This is a way of mitigating the effects of a problem.

Financial Systems (Budget): Financial systems represent a Government-designed strategy for making money and for making that money. For example, a family can make a budget using it to determine the amount of money they have and the number of things the money needs to be spent in order. It can be rent, water and electricity bills and food bills. If you need enough money, it will be necessary for the family to seek extra or even borrow some of the money.

There is A Golden Rule in the Financial System (Budget defit): This happens when the Government's use of money goes further than what the Government has actually received.

The Fund for Development (Capital Expenditure): This is a type of funds used for development projects such as construction of roads, schools, hospital constructions, bridges, roads, water bodies and so on.

Executive compensation (Compensation of Employees): This is the monthly salary of employees, various currencies, social security funds, transport funds etc. that are paid to Government employees.

Development Sponsors (Development Partners): This represents States or agencies that support States which are now in the process of developing their development objectives. This can include a number of categories such as the Universal Fund Fund- IMF (International Monetary Fund),The World Bank (World Bank), the African Development Fund (African Development Bank) etc. You can also be a number of individual countries such as Germany, the Greater Accra, the United States, and many more.

The End of Year Prices (End Year Inflation): This is an average price of goods up to in the month of a specified year.

40 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

We have overdrafts (Expenditure Overrun): This happens when the various types of funds we have invested above what we have allocated in the budgets passed by parliament.

The “fa-me-kwa” High School (FREE SHS): The Fa-me-kwa High School is a new Government initiative proposed by the government of Prime Minister Nana Akuffo-Addo in September 2017 that every JHS student who does well in exams will have access at High School to study for free.

Funding for Government (Grants): These are a variety of fund grants that Development Assistants will fund Government-sponsored non-profits.

Payments made to various Government Enterprises (Grants to other Government Units): This stands for money, is regulated by law to be paid to the District Legislative Fund’s “DACF”, the Lorry Fund’s “Road Fund”, the Education Fund’s “GETFUND” and the Fire Service Fund’s “Petroleum Related Fund”.

The value of All Federal Product (Gross Domestic Product (GDP): This denotes the value of all products produced in this country over a given period of time.

Foreign currencies A Nation has (Gross International Reserves):This is a measure to determine how a country's financial strengths to be able to purchase goods from abroad are at a given time. This helps us to compare a country's finance with one another's.

Price inflation (Inflation): This represents the increase in the number of activities and commodity prices over a given period of time.

Movement A To eradicate Poverty - IPEP (Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme): Movement A to eradicate Poverty is one of the most dominant activities in NPP Government programs with the goal of driving development to rural areas, especially in poor communities and thereby helping alleviate poverty and social welfare disparities between rural and rural areas.

Factors that contribute to national financial stability (Macroeconomic targets): These are the measurement basis for determining a country's financial performance. An example of this is economic development, increase in inflation, occupational development trends, national and international trade efforts, according to the government's financial statements or irregularities and how the decisions made by the Bank of Ghana will affect inflation in the country.

41 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

Small Enterprise Development Project - MSME (Micro And Small Business Development Programme): Small Business is a private sector that is able to recruit a small number of people with less than a specific amount of money on which the project is based.

The National Archaeological Authorities- NABCO (Nation Builders Corps): This is a very new concept in which the Government of Ghana announced a marketplace for young people who have graduated from the university to work in private or Government sectors and to help with their skills and knowledge in the face of various challenges in life, and this has helped them acquire experience that will contribute to the economic development of the country.

The National Task Force for Small Scale Industry- (National Board for Small Scale Industries- NBSSI): The National Task Force for Small Enterprises is a non-profit public company and was rather a subordinate body under the Ministry of Trade and Industry, which is governed by law to ensure the effectiveness of Small Enterprises and Housing (Micro and Small Enterprises (MSSes).

The value of the country's commodities, which do not include the Golden Rule (Non-Oil Real GDP): This is the value of all the commodities in this country that do not include some of the money from various oil projects, which have been based on inflation.

Non-exempt income (Non Tax Revenue): This is Government income free of charge. Some of the pre-licensed payments a person has made are the fees we pay for other things such that they may not be worth a penny.

Debts by Government (Outstanding Requirements): Debts by Government is a sum that the Financial Services Authority must pay for various Government Enterprises and then, outstanding debts as of 2016 which are regulated by law that Government must pay in various Bills.

The amount A is allocated We shall need to use it (primary balance): This is the amount outstanding after the Government's interest in all those interested in obtaining it, without borrowing any money, (that is, the outstanding loan that the Government will pay out). The method we use to calculate this was to replace it at a percentage of the value of all Federal commodities.

Target economic development (Projected Growth Rate): This is how the Ghana economy is expected to improve in a given year.

Revenue A Government (Revenge): This is how much money the Government gets from its various activities in this country and abroad.

The Food and Jobs A Food and Jobs Initiative - RFJ (Rearing For Food and Jobs): This is a new government development project that will implement the mining project and provide income in order to increase the number of crops for the people to eat and reduce the number of livestock growing in the country, thus increasing the number of crops growing in the country and thus increasing the number of crops growing in the country, and increasing the number of crops growing in the country.

42 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

“We are building a Nation in which Private Enterprises will be published from the Financial Reporting and Infrastructure Framework”

It will also provide an opportunity for the lives of all stakeholders to improve.

Social Aid Funds (Social Benefits): This is a form of government-funded compensation for water, oil and electricity companies to Ghanaians.

Golden Rule (Subsidy): This is a form of financial support from the Government to relieve citizens from a little burden to calm them down.

Activity tracking (Surveillance): This is a way to follow something and watch it happen.

This is not (Transparency): This is to allow the Government to inform citizens about what is going on and hear all reports from time to time.

Product and Service currencies (Use of Goods and Services): This is how much money the Government pays for its role and its role in society.

Product tax (Value Added Tax (VAT): This is a tax imposed on various types of commodities in any case.

43 Government of Ghana - 2022 Citizenship Finance System

CC 2021. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance