FREEDOM ANDJustICE REPUBLIC OF GHANA

ASante TWI

2023 Citizen budget

2023 Launch of the Citizens' Financial System A Briefed and Flexible

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

2 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

How Citizens can request information about it

2023 Statements of the National Financial Systems and Citizenship Finance are contained in the following table of modern reports:

www.mofep.gov.gh

The majority of these books, please contact the ministry of Finance for dealing with the public. Their suburbs are:

Public Relations Office

New Building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or 003

P. O. Box MB 40

Accra – Ghana

Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

translated by: Bureau of Ghana Languages

3 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

4 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Content

The Minister's Choice ............................................................... 7

NATION..................................................................... 9

FINAL CRIME AND TERMS TERMS FOR 2022....................................................................................................

The year 2023 NATIONAL TERMS FOR ARA EVALUATION..................................................................................18

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS IN AND HOW WEARING?...............................................................................................................3

END...........................................................................42

MISCELLANE (FINSTYPE OF FISCELL..............................43

Tables:

Schedule 1: Funded income from January-Tax 2022

Schedule 2: Role of money from January-Treaties in 2022 .........15

Schedule 3: By state cost (2018 – September, 2022) .........16

Schedule 4: 2023 currencies (in GH¢ Million) .....................21

Schedule 5: Fund allocation in 2023 (in GH¢ Million) ........................22

5 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Now because of the unstable prices of petroleum products and our financial resources, the prices of petroleum products and the rising prices of petroleum products are high in the general market, we are in a very difficult situation. These have significantly reduced the cost of our financial service and have contributed to economic hardships in the public domain.” After all we have eaten, we will not come.

6 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

The Minister's Choice

This year will surely be the most economic year in our history. As it happened in different countries of the world, we were affected by the pandemic COVID-19 in the first half of 2020, which led to the economic collapse of the country’s economy and the pollution we were not aware of.

As we began to take action for Good Change Policy and think that now, we are trying to get rid of the effects of this pandemic and that other problems have made all the factors that make the economy more stable compared to that of 2017 to 2019. The first time we had a war in Russia and Ukraine, the next time we lost access to the 2022 budget, it made it known to the public that we don't deserve our loan. Then, about a decade ago, once universal Credit Marketers don't want to let us borrow, the domestic credit issues of this country also became increasingly prevalent and thus the cost of borrowing has increased, increasing the cost of our money and increasing.

This means that, as foreign revenue from the public loan market and the amount from export commodity is declining, and now because of our desire for foreign goods, the demand for foreign goods is increasing, and the direct increase in foreign direct investments was increasing, and the downward trend in foreign direct investments was reducing. This has made life difficult for both the Government and individuals. There is an increase in the price of petroleum products, which has reduced the price of cement in the month of October 2022, inflation by 40.4% in October 2022.

We have gone through very difficult exams and the government is aware of the danger posed by this situation. Government gives deep dreams to people.

7 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Political leaders including the following: Members of Parliament, employers Akuhodoɔ, Business Akuhodoɔ, Social Welfare Akuhoɔ, Religious Akuhoɔ, Ghana Engineering Akuhoɔ, Ghana Business Akuhoɔ, Ghana Trade Akuhoɔ, Educational Akuhoɔ, Program Professors and people with faith in us are still looking forward to these problems every day.

On behalf of President Nana Addo Danquah Akuffo-Addo, I assure all Ghanaians that the Government is working on implementing innovative measures to improve the financial stability of the country and ensure financial stability of the country, to ensure financial stability of the country, to implement measures for the implementation of government reforms, to clamp down on technological and technological advancements, to reduce the unnecessary imports in the country, to develop agro-Processing economy, to enhance the exportation of goods and services in the country, to protect the vulnerable and the vulnerable.

The experience from the past has seen the need to reform the economy of this country and it is able to stand forever. We'll stand by our feet. God will join us and give us the strength to move on.

God bless us!

Ken Ofori-Atta

Minister of Finance

8 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

BARBER/CIRCUM

1. The 2023 Citizen's Finance Programme is a continuation of the Government's role in 2022 and the expected amount of funding the Government envisages to take action on its policies and activities in 2023. The theme of this Citizen's Finance Policy is "We are working hand in hand to revitalize Development and Productivity in the country's Economy and to strengthen it".

2. Over the years, it has been like, if we are to develop a new economic plan, we would begin to look at what is going on. Not only has this situation brought about financial difficulties but it has made the country still paying for development costs which have greatly increased the cost of development because the costs that we should have made for the construction of the day are also high.

3. In 2023, the Government will execute new policies and implementations, but we will ensure that all the ongoing developmental projects are complete.

9 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

How the National Monetary Fund was created in 2022

As the basis for the economic development of the country was correct

4. The 2022 Economic Structural Reform, which was held in the middle of the year (Mid-Year Fiscal Policy Review), was aimed by the Government to achieve the following national economic development bases in 2022:

i. Three percent and seven percent of gross merchandise in this country (Overall Real GDP growth of 3.7%);

iii. One percent of the country's non-Planetic output is three-quarters later (Non-Oil Real GDP Growth rate of to 4.3%);

iii. A year-end inflation of 28.5% is up to 28% (End-paired inflation);

iv. Over-the-six percent and six-out-of-the-six percent of the total income (Overall fiscal deficit of 6.6% of GDP);

v. The amount of money to be included in our fund - a percentage of nothing and four-out-of-the-art (primary surplus of 0.4 percent of GDP); then

vi. The amount of foreign money we need to get for a period of about three and a half months.

5. The 2022 report on national economic standardization shows that the effects of poverty in the world and this country are still affecting society. The source of the situation is the ongoing financial downturn, inflation, debt building up of this country, economic instability and poor foreign investment. All these have caused problems for us despite our government's policies. The report on the country's financial standard from January to September 2022 was as follows:

i. The total merchandise size of this country fell to one hundred and four-out-of-the-art in 2022 in the first six months compared to the year 2021 for the same period which was three-thirds and nine-out-of-the-kind;

10 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

iii. Product-prices range from 37.2 percent and 9% later in the month of August (33.4 percent in August) and 37% and 2% later in September (37.2 percent in September) to 40% and 40% later in the month of November (40.4 percent in October) in 2022 with increased prices of its source and food and other resources;

iii. The amount of money we will need to raise our funds by seven per cent and four per cent (Overall budget deficit on cash basis was 7.4 per cent of GDP) with the target being six per cent and two per cent behind (target of 6.2 per cent of GDP), and then the overestimated amount (primary budget was 2.0 per cent of GDP) with the target also being one per cent (ignest a target of a deficiency of 1 per cent of GDP). What made us overdraft was that we paid for the many outstanding debts from 2021 as well as the many years we have been in debt and the difficulties we have now.

iv. The country's total cost of goods is seventy-five per cent and nine per cent in September 2022, which was seventy-six per cent and seven per cent in January 2021, and this is the cause and effect of the depreciation of our income;

V. Foreign Investments, which the country has reached the American net worth of fifty-one million dollars and two after September 2022 can be ordered for two months and nine days in 2022 and consisting of a total of sixty-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six

vi. Ghana's income balance was reduced by fifty-four percent and two-thirds, which was only reduced by one-quarter in late January 2021. Similarly, Ghana's income stood by 48 percent in English currency.

11 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

It was only one-third of the five that were left in late January of 2021.

12 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

COURTSHIP IN THE BEGINING COURTSHIP IN THE BEARER OF 2022

6. Six months later, in 2022, we passed the Financial System Reform into the financial system because the financial system of the world and the economy of this country were in a recession.

7. The 2022 report on the Government's financial footprints shows that revenue in government funds has been very low but that the role we play in the financial sector is ongoing at the same time.

BEARER COURTSHIP IN THE NATIONAL FACE

8. The amount of money in government funds was allocated to the country by sixty-five, three hundred and ninety-nine percent of total domestic commodities (GH¢65,399 million - 11.0 percent of GDP), with a target of sixty-seven million alcoholic drinks, one hundred and seven percent of total domestic commodities and four-out-of-the-art (GH¢67,307 - 11.4 percent of GDP) at the same time in 2021, we received forty-nine million, one hundred and eight percent of total domestic commodities up to seven-and-a-back (GH¢49,108 million (10.7 percent of GDP).

9. If we compare the actual amount of money in the fund to what we set out to achieve, it was likely that the amount was reduced by one million, nine hundred and nine percent and eight percent respectively (GH¢1,909 million or 2.8%) and thirty-three percent of the budget and two-thirds (33.2%). The lack of funds allocated to us comes from a variety of sources of funding that have to happen in the various branches of the country which have failed to come to fruition.

10. The increase in income from January to September of 2022 was recorded in the percentage on 1 January 2021.

13 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Schedule 1: Loans from January-Tax 2022

Non-Oil Non-Tax Revenue 10%

Other revenue, 7%

Oil and Gas

Silver gift, 1%

Non-Oil Tax Revenue, 68%

CLEANLINESS OF CIFICATION

11. The amount of money used by the Government including the cost of previous and other funding also reached a total of one hundred and nine hundred and twenty-one per cent of total domestic commodities by 18 per cent (GH¢109,421 -18.5 per cent of GDP), and this exceeded one hundred and ninety-two (GH¢103,992 million) per cent of total domestic commodities by 17.6 per cent of GDP by five per cent and two per cent behind the target amount. The source and source of the little over-the-counter operating fees are the Sales and Payments We pay to Government Agencies.

14 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

12. The role we played with money and explained it on the 2nd floor.

Schedule 2: Role of money from January-Treaties 2022

Palm weevil larvae gives 10% of the salary arrears.

Funding for Government Services 16%

29% increase

Other activities fund 7%

9% of the total cost

0% of the total amount of money

Compensation of Employees 25%

Product and product revenue 4%

MISCELLANEOUS

13. Government financial services in the area we are talking about are until we have overdrafted what we have set our target. The maximum revenue was forty-four million and twenty-two percent (GH¢44,022 million - 7.4% of GDP) with the target of GDP being 386 million, six hundred and eighty-two percent of total domestic commodities and two-thirds behind (GH¢36,684 million - 6.2% of GDP). We received the money we needed to save most of our money from this country. The foreign debt we also paid up to six, five hundred and thirty-one percent of all the gross domestic product and one million dollars (GH¢6,531 million - 1.1% of GDP).

Cost of the Nation in 2022

14. The current report shows that at the end of September 2022, the total country's total cost of sixty-seven hundred and seventy-one (GH¢467,371.32 million) was up to forty-eight million, eight hundred and seventy-four ((US$48,871.34 million) of total domestic commodities.

15 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Out of seventy five and nine (75.9 percent of GDP). The country's debt is the country's debt and foreign debt. The national cost of this country is one hundred and ninety-five, six hundred and fifty-one (GH¢195,657.61 million) which is one-thirty-eight percent (31.8% of GDP) and the foreign cost of this country is also one hundred and seventy-one million, seven hundred and thirteen and seventy-one (GH¢271,713.71 million) which is forty-four percent and one-first percent (44.1 percent of GDP).

15. The reason for the increasing cost of this country was that the increase in loan prices, and the specific source of foreign debt, were the decrease in the country's income.

Schedule 3: By country's cost (2018 – September, 2022)

External Debt Domestic Debt Total Public Debt Rate of Debt Accumulation Total Debt/GDP 700.0 74.4% 76.7% 75.9% 56.1% 61.1% 36.0% 32.0% 32.0% 21.7% 20.7% 20.7% 49.0 352.1195.7 291.6 Stock of Debt (in billions of GH¢) 300.0 218.8 173.8 173.1 173.8 20.0 105.5 271.7 86.0 170.3 141.8 112.7 86.2 - 2018 2020 2021 Sept. 2022

Source of this report from: Financial Services Authority (MOF)

16 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Targets for National financial stability with a view to 2023

16. The Framework Financial Action Goals Directive is therefore intended by the Government to achieve the following Financial Development Principles in the short-term preamble (2023-2026):

i. A quarter and three-quarters of gross merchandise in this country;

iii. 24 per cent of the country's non-Foot gold products;

iii. Eight percent of end-of-year inflation can rise or decrease by two percent;

iv. At least one percent of the total amount of money we need to invest in is 1% and 3% of total domestic commodities in the pre-2023-2026 period; then

v. The amount of Foreign money we need to get to order for about four months.

17. Due to the economic development base objectives and the objectives of the very animian economic policy objectives, we aim to achieve the following national economic stability goals:

i. Two percent and eight percent of gross merchandise in this country;

iii. A third of the country's products, including coal, are not covered by oil;

iii. A fifteen percent and a nine-thirty-high-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon-tendon

iv. At least one percent of the total amount of money we need to invest in is seven percent of all the domestic commodities; then

v. Foreign Investments payable to order goods for a period of over three months and three days.

17 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

The 2023 NATIONal AND ARA EVALUATION OF ARA Monetary Framework

Funding Plan

18. To alleviate the financial situation, the Government will implement a budget that is worth one hundred and fifty-six per cent of all of the country's commodities (1.35 per cent of GDP) to the Parliament for consideration. Some of the programs are as follows:

• Changing the tax on cigarettes and tobacco products to the same ECOWAS tax compliance, and increasing the tax on alcohol for each of the various types of beer.

• To increase the tax on merchandise (VAT) from 12 per cent to fifteen per cent and increase the cost of the products we accept from VAT, we have to rescind various steps on the non-receiving of commodity products (VATs).

• The National Fiscal Stabilisation Levy, NFSL) shall adapt the National Fiscal Stabilisation Levy to the Growth and Sustainable Responsibility Levy,GSL to address all of the various factors.

• To reduce the cost of digital money laundering (Electronic Transfer Levy) from one hundred to five (1.5) to one (1) percent and remove the money fraud.

• The following are also other Schedules:

′′ shall sell the so-called 5G Electromagnetic Spectrum;

′′ Ensure migration tax;

′′ Step around the coal mine (“Jubile Field”) thereby acquiring additional coal access (Additional Oil Entitlement) (AEO); and then

18 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

If we change the amount of money that comes into the public domain so that the money that has not yet been received, and we have heard about it, we have made sure the person has received it.

How to Use Money

19. After the budget, the Government will step up the implementation of the following budgets to support economic development:

• The cost of living support for poverty (LEAP) has been reduced from one hundred and fifty-five cedis (Ghs45) per month to ninety Ghana cedis (Ghs90), and the number of people we pay for has increased from forty-five, one hundred and eighty-five (344,185). These changes will increase the 2022 subsidies against Poverty (LEAP) from Ghana’s ninety-five millioncedis (Ghs197.5) to Ghana’s ninety-five millioncedis (Ghs395 million);

• Repeal fees for those who cook food for those who cook food for those to add to it thus reaching Ghana’s 388 million cedis (Ghs138 million),

• Continue training of Presidents, Vice Presidents, Ministers, Deputy Ministers, Municipal, Municipal, and Minorities Ministers, among others with special Government roles, including officials of specific public companies (State Owned Enterprises);

• We will bring the amount of money tax we reduce from the one hundred and fifty-five which we now live to the one hundred and seventy-five;

• Until the end of 2023, we will withdraw all the funds we have allocated for some use on the Indigenous Investments and Customs Administration (GIFMIS) and ensure the passage of the Indigenous Investments and Customs Administration (GIFMIS) through the Indigenous Investments Management and Customs Administration (GIFMIS)

19 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

It has affected both the financial sector and the efficiency of the financial services sector.

• An annual scheme shall not exceed the wage fulfillment policies of the so-called “Single Spine” pay policies of specific public companies (State owned companies SOEs);

2023 Fundraising

20. In 2023, the amount of money that is meant to be collected by the Government in the form of budgets and bursaries is worth one hundred and forty-six hundred and fifty-six Ghana cedis GH¢143,956 million (a total of 18.0% of GDP) and this is the total amount of money that will be used for the first time in the country - and the total worth of the domestic product will be one hundred and thirty-five (1.35%)% (1.35%) of GDP. ).

21. The sum of money and the amount of money we will receive will be worth more than forty-one hundred and fifty-two (GH¢141,552) Ghana (GH¢141,552), and this shows a total of forty-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-s The development sponsors' contribution to Ghana worth two hundred and three hundred and three (GH¢2,403) cedis (GH¢2,403 million) (a net worth of all the country's goods fell by five per cent (0.5% of GDP).

20 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Schedule 4: 2023 budgets (in GH¢ Million)

Gift of money GH¢2,404

Other currencies GH¢6,151

Petroleum money GH¢23,455

Non-cash or non-cash money GH¢12,308

Non-fueled tax GH¢99,639

Income in this country ¢141,553

The amount of money we receive is ¢143,956

Source of this report from: Financial Services Authority (MOF)

How to Divide Money In 2023

22. It is foreseeable that the amount of money we will spend (including some to pay) is about two hundred and fifty-one Ghana cedis (GHC205,431) which is a total worth of twenty-six per cent of all the goods in this country. In comparison to what was expected to be achieved in 2022, this figure shows that the total worth of the money used (primary ependiture) in the country was reduced by three per cent (responsible) and this reflects the Government's commitment to improve the economy of the country. The 2023 budget has been budgeted and budgeted in the 5 budget.

21 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Schedule 5: Fund allocation in 2023 (in GH¢ Million)

Cost to pay GH¢14,435

Other activities GH¢27,636

Funding for government projects GH¢30,079

Debt-response GH¢52,550

Growth funds GH¢27,694

Product and manufacturing currencies GH¢8,048

Executive compensation GH¢44,990

Project budget GH¢205,432

Source of this report from: Financial Services Authority (MOF)

Financial Policy Principles and Financial Services 2023

23. If we value the amount of money we will receive and the amount we will give us, the total amount we pay will be up to sixty-one hundred and seventy-five (GH¢61,475 million), which is a total of seven hundred and seven-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-s

24. Through various means including Overseas and other forms of the country, we will need the money left to save what we have. Other sources of income from the International (multilateral) and the diplomatic (bilital) of a Nation will range from the impact of the negotiations with the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

22 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

HOW WEARING HATS BEGAN IN THE SYMPTOMS AND HOW WEARING HATS BEGAN IN DAGBON

25. This section reflects the Government's efforts with regard to special activities (governance flagship projects) that started in 2022 in various institutions and the planned development projects (planned activities) to take place in 2023.

26. All of these activities and steps are based on the Government's immediate National Development Action Plan (Government's Medium-Term National Development Policy Framework, 2022-2026). The objectives of these activities are to help the Government achieve the goals of 19 Ghana COVID and Private Sector incentives (Ghanacares) and the steps taken in the framework of the UN Development Programme (UN Agenda 2030, SDG’s) and the African Union Agenda 2023 (African Union Agenda 2063).

27. This section reflects Government efforts in various parts of the country and the institutions of 2022 and its role in 2023.

Food Protection

28. The government aims at increasing the benefits of tree growing (tree crops) thus, he gave farmers the right to cut down on the number of small trees of two million and seven hundred (2.7 million) in 2022 during the agricultural period.

29. Based on the Food and Jobs Plan (Rearing for Food and Jobs module), the government bought a total of one hundred and twenty-20,000 henhouses for the 1000 female chicken farmers in the Municipal, Municipal and Municipalities (9 MMDAs) with (Savelu, Sagnarigu, Wa Municipal, Nandom, Sissala East, Krachi East, Nkwanta South, Techiman North and Nkoranza). The government gave back to each of the farmers a list of cancerous tumors.

23 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

implementation (120-capitaly polltry bag) of the chickens.

30. In addition, we bought three hundred and fifty-three smallpox (small ruminants) to share with some forty-five (45) farmers to help them reduce the problems they faced with farming thereby helping them fulfill their various responsibilities.

31. In 2023, the Government will ensure cultivation, and distribution of wheat (cashew), sesame (shea), coconut(coconut), palm (oil palm), mamgoo (mango), and rubber (rubber) a total of five and sixty-five (5.65million) hectares to increase the number of seventy-five thousand farmers (175,000).

32. In 2022, on the basis of the One District One Warehouse (“One District Warehouse” program) Government completed sixty-five garden stores (65 warehouses) by adding eighty-eight thousand metric tons of rice to the national energy reserves, in order to eliminate deforestation, for farmers to benefit from their work.

33. In 2023, Government will complete the third phase of the Tamne field-so-situation operation, mining in Sunyeri, Tousal/Jeyiri, Tasundo and Gilang and mining in other possible areas of Vunania and Gilang.

Non-moving seismic activism

34. Due to the recent spike in taxonomy (inorganic fertilizer) and the rising prices of its products due to the ongoing global crisis, the Government has appreciated the participation of non-exhaustive marketers (Organian fertilizers) in order to prevent the need for more films. These steps have helped to boost agriculture, eliminate famine.

24 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

35. In 2023, the Government will accept grants from the EXIM fund (EXIM bank) thereby replacing some of the unincorporated, re-extension machines.

36. In 2022, on the basis of the activities of the Ministry of Food and Jobs (Aquacture for Food and Jobs, AFJ), the Government set up a total of one hundred and twenty-four fish preservation facilities - one hundred and eight fish and six water bodies (108 pounds and 16 cases), giving the number of fish bages, sixty-six (17,460), and also fishling the number of groups and projects and twenty-five hectares. Again, we provided twenty-four people with training on agriculture, and forty-eight fish farmers were trained on how to make fish farming in this country.

37. In 2023, the Government will issue a total of three hundred hectares of fertilizer and three hundred hectares of fertilizer (300earthen pounds), forty-40 cases (40 cases) bagkin tank fifty-two (52 tarpaulin tanks) and provide them with another 305,000 fish bag (35,000), cocobi (tilapia) and trimillion (catfish).

Cocoa Initiative

38. In the practice of cocoa, we enabled the youth to play various roles such as rehabilitation, reprocessing of cocoa, planting of cocoa (replanting), planting of cocoa (mass spraying), cropping of dry soil (fertilizer application), and cutting of the number of cocoa trees (mass prunning) to ensure a youth population of forty-seven (477,000) to work in the rural areas.

25 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

39. In 2023, the Government will continue to monitor these activities, thereby creating jobs, emphasizing the existing ones, thereby reducing government liability for absenteeism.

Fire

40. To curb the loss of power supply while driving power to the areas in need of electricity in the long term and all of its infrastructure will go forward, we end up, the Firewall County-Achimota electricity service (161kV Volta-Achimota-Mallam Transmission Line Upgrade).

41. In order to reduce the electricity supply in all parts of the country, as of 2022, we crossed a total of one hundred and fifty-six (157) communities on the National Energy Registry by increasing the electricity supply in the country from 2021 to 87.03% (88.54%) of the total population.

42. The goal of the government to provide electricity to the surrounding areas (the island) and therefore, we have started construction of three main plants in Azizkpe, Aflive and Aorokpem in the Ada East District of the Greater Accra Region.

43. In 2023, the government will implement measures to end the development of the Nkran-Kumasi electricity and Western electricity reconnaissance activities, and support for them.

26 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

the program, which is titled “The Government Starts the Solar Science Program”.

44. Based on the policies titled “sheP-4”, “sheP-5” and “Turkey operations,” government will draw electricity to some other four hundred (400) cities in 2023. Some towns in Ahafo, Asante, Bono, North and North Eastern Provinces will be affected. Government will begin distributing modern trucks' solar lights (all-in-one solar streetlighting) to the various cities, towns, and counties.

27 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Workflow

45. As of October 2022, the Youth Employment Task Force (Youth Employment Agency) had taken 80,735 people based on its branches.

46. In 2022, Government adopted the National Employment Strategy (National Alternative Employment and Livelihood Programme (NAELP); taking the following steps:

• Clean destroyed lands, again planted trees on forty-five hectares of land thereby giving employment chances of twenty-three thousand. ; and then

• The twenty million tree seedlings (20 million) contributed to the Agricultural Development Programme (plantation development program) thus giving 70,000 (80,071) youth in Akotom, Adinkra, Techire, Akwatiakwaso, Fufuo and Hohoe access to the annual and current projects (permanent and casual jobs).

47. In 2023, the Government will also continue to be the following:

• Plant a tree through which a thousand hectares of land have been cleared (1000) destroyed in a number of specific regions, it has published revenueable timbers such as coconuts, palms, sitros ( oranges) and million mangoes to contribute to the development of agriculture (plantation development) further to establish a four-described number of trees;

• Open up to ten facilities through which small trees are published to provide hundreds of thousands of jobs; and then

• We will provide the current galamsey and some 220,000 beneficiaries with a total of two hundred small scale mining projects (200 small-scale mining companies) training on mineral health (mine health), safety measures (safety standard) and road

28 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Another and a positive approach to mining activities.

29 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Your-start-Up Project (YouStart)

48. It is government's vision that in 2022-2025 he will take over the “you-owned-start-starting service” for unlimited youth loans, to open up a total of one million jobs (one million jobs).

YOU START

The chances of a youth-led start-up business getting support are low.

It's time to make a difference with YouStart initiative

THE WORLD BANK NEIP

49. The three-year-old project has contributed to projects under the leadership of youth (those under the age of 40 (40 years) and Small Enterprises and Housing (Small Medium Enterprises ,SMEs) to provide assistance in the face of financial difficulties (capitaly building), merchant opportunities (access to markets), business law-abiding and commodity integrity. The amount allocated in this project is one million Ghana cedis, ninety-eight thousand Ghana cedis (GH¢1.98 million).

50. The Government and the National Bank of Ghana together with the Ghana Association of Banks (GAB) and the Eleventh Chamber of Commerce (11) commercial banks have signed an understanding agreement on your-tenant-launch (Youustart) activities. As a result of this, a total of eleven banks, one billion Ghana cedis, sixty-nine (GH¢1.169 billion) represented by the total funds allocated to the project by 30 per cent.

30 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

The Ghana Cocoa Literacy Programme (GAML) will solve climate change problems

51. In 2022, on the basis of the project titled “Gane Trees Day”, we distributed twenty-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-s Again, we distributed a total of 12 million trees including the corn, emire, yaw, teak, cedrela, gmelina, cassia, eucalyptus and mahogany to plant.

Ghana Cemetery Day (Green Ghana Day)

52. Based on the National Plantation Programme, we planted a total of eleven and ninety-two hectares (11,692ha) of trees that we hoped would have been planted at the time.

53. In 2023, we will plant twenty million smaller trees on that day.

54. Due to the negative effects of the "hot anger" (Global warming) on health, food and the various countries that have already suffered from that kind of hot weather as a result of the economic development of Ghana, there has been significant problems with the world's economy. A recent report entitled V20 Losses and Spents Report

31 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

(V20 Loss and Damage Report) points out that from 2000 to 2019, as a result of climate change, Ghana alone lost $15 billion, two hundred and one million, ninety-five ($15,200,001,695).

55. Government will continue to take action on the kinds of crops that are able to stand for drought, thereby contributing to the prevention of drought, and investing in the development of irrigation (IRrigation) in all parts of the country, and encouraging the participation of many people in illegal mining in order to improve their economic base and reduce the effects of climate change on agriculture as a result.

Water and Sanitation

56. In 2022, we ran the Five Districts Water Project (Five Districts Water Supply Scheme) in the Firaw District (3rd), also known as the STRABAG NSUADIE (StRAMBAG Water Project) which carries papal water to the Anyidge; Agotime-Ziope; Central Tongu; Of West and Northern Tongu districts up to 90 per cent. At the end of all the project, there will be 24 per cent of the total community (424) and 32 per cent of the total population) will benefit from it.

57. The government continued to deal with the Coast Security Activities (Coastal Protection Works) to protect the neighboring areas of the sea from major waves, thereby removing the population from the risk of waves, further boosting livelihoods, protecting property. The trend towards coastal security in the following regions has reached the percentage milestone. Dansoman (ninety-seven percent) (97%), Komenda (ninety-five percent) (95%), Elmina (third-ninety-two percent) (92%), Cape Coast -eight-eight percent) (80%) and Anomabu-seven fifth percent (75%), Dixcove-40% (40%) Aboadze -second-century

32 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Forty-five (45%) and Ningo-Prampram -50 percent (50%).

58. In 2023, the Government will continue the various roles it has started, and then begin other Coast Security Activities in Blekusu (Second Phase), Treaty, Axim (Second Phase), La and Teshie, Dansoman (Second Phase), Shama, Ningo-Prampram (Project 2), Tema New Town, Anloga, Takoradi and Maritime University Coastal Defense Program (Martime University Coastal Protection Projects).

Roads

59. In 2022, we are still working on the La Beach including the Nkran Tema Coast road construction and the Nungua Barrier road construction network.

La Beach Road Completion Project

60. The government's vision of making trucks available for road safety is therefore beginning with the implementation of the two-city roads (tronk roads): Tema – Aflao, Tema – Akosombo roads; preparing the Assin Fosu – Assin Praso roads that will be made available to Assin Fosu’s native road number two-thirds (1.2km) of the road network, the railway lines are the Assin Fosu and the Assin Praso public stores.

33 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

61. We break the head of the Inter-Ministerial Committee on Illegal Mining (GAML), and the second section of its resolution. Again, as we have just finished the first phase of Tema Motorway's first phase, the second phase of the project and the interface project will begin.

Obie Lamptey road second stage

62. Each of the regional and regional road projects launched in 2019 has had a high impact. The following are the achievements that we have achieved:

Sn. Program name County Long (km)

1 Osei-Begoro road repairs- group 5 Eastern 24.8

2 Golokwati-Wli road expansion (km10-km27) Firaw, 17.0

3 Nsuta – Beposo, constipation 3 Ashanti 7.0

4 Nkonya Wrumpong – Kwakumrom renovation Oti 21.0

5 Bawjiase - Adeiso operating vehicle central 15.0

6 Tamale - Salaga Road - Road band 1 North 25.4

34 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

63. The types of trucks whose services have improved include:

Sn. Function name County Long (km) Impensive)

1 Navrongo - Naga road exchange (1.7 km - 42.2) - Lot 1 North East 39.5 45

2 Wa-Bulenga-Yaala route (km 6.0- km 37.0) - group 1 North West 31.0 52

3 Salaga - Ekumdipe - Kpandai road exchange (km 26.7 - km 45.3) and Kpandai - Nkanchina road (10.8km) - group 2 North 29.4 69

4 Yagaba - Mankarigu road construction (km 12.0 - km 24.0) and Mankarigu-Nawuni road construction (km 0.0 – km 17.5) - group 4 North East 29.5 76

5 Daboya - Mankarigu road exchange (km 30.0 - km 63.1) - group 5 Savanna 33.1 52

6 Atebu – Kwame Danso roads don't repair Bono East 35.0 30

7 Annwant – Owasi road construction Ashanti 30.0 90

8 Nalerigu – Gbintri road repairs (km 6.0 – km 46.0) - group 2 North East 40.0 70

9 New Aburem – Ofoasekuma Road (km 0.0 - km 33.2) - group 2 Eastern 33.2 99

10 Bogoso – Insu Siding-Huni Valley road exchange - group 4 West 26.0 83

11 Sefwi Wiwso - Akontombra road exchange (km 0.0 - km 15.0) - group 2 North West 15.0 75

12 Akrodie - Sayereso style repair (km 0.0 - km 20.0) - Lot 1 Ahafo 20.0 85

13 Menji – Bui road repairs (km 0.0 – km 30.0) - group 1 Bono 30.0 98.4

14 Specific approaches in the Greater Accra Region are not prepared in the Accra 25.0 78

35 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Education

64. Government aims to increase the number of resources needed for their implementation by both schools and the Ministry of Education, therefore, the Government purchased 77-five 66 satire buses (66-seater Buses), seventy-one Pick-Up ships (71 Pick-Ups) and two tractors (2 Tractors) for Senior High Schools (Senior High Schools) and vocational and Training Schools (Technical and Vocational Education and Training Institutes (of the State).

65. In 2022, the Government through twenty-nine Community Development and Vocational Technical Institutes trained seven hundred and twenty-four men (3,724) and three hundred and fifteen (3,715) women in crafts to acquire jobs or to open their own projects to alleviate poverty.

66. Again, we trained forty-eight percent of community teachers in community development and social security skills at the Kwaso Community development college to equip the community with skills.

67. In 2023, the Government will train five hundred Community Educators on Social Security and Community Development (500 Community Educators in Social Protection and Community Development) to reorganize completely new training on open-source skills other than agriculture, whether soapmaking, or Kentenweno and wool

36 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

performance (leader works) to help improve communities for income.

Health

68. Malaria is one of the most deadly diseases in Ghana. For this reason, in order to eradicate malaria, the government has implemented a device called the “LSM Implementation app” which can identify where mosquito growth can occur in various districts. The Training Hospital (Ho Teaching Hospital) has also introduced a device called CT-Scan and an “endoscopy” that can scan the whole body, return a mobile jet to treat (mobile clinic van) to travel to facilities for medical support.

69. In 2022, the Government completed the following activities: Community hospitals with (CHPS components) Debiso, Rivers, and Tiawia; District hospital in Konongo; Teaching and hosting centers (treaty and retention centers) in Aflao, Elabo, Keta, Southern Kumasi, and Sewua; and various Centers (Fevers Unit) and COVID-19 in charge center (Isolation Centre) in Korle Bu.

70. In 2023, the government will continue to strategically coordinate the transport of health workers abroad to complete the Memorandum of Understanding with the Irish Government (United Kingdom).

71. The government will continue its work through the National Vaccine Agency (National Vaccine Institute) and the Ghana Working Group (National Vaccine Institute and Ghana) to monitor the introduction of vaccination drugs to reduce the death rate in this country.

Protection of Persons

72. In 2022, the government recruited 55,000 people in the Ghana Police Department to set out its goals.

37 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Security officers have come up to help in the legal and the peace-making process.

73. The Police Task Force heard what we call A's stronger Section" (Cold Cases Unit) in the Office of the Investigations (Criminal Investigations Department) (CID), for police officers who were able to combat gunpowder (Anti-Armed Robbery Taskforce) (AATF), to hear a section in which police officers took motorcycles to rot in specific cities, (Motorbike Patrol Unit), a portion of the project was initiated to rot (Police Mounted Square and a Canine (K-9). The law that established the police service allows all of these good policies to be carried out for security purposes.

74. The government continued the security operation of the third phase of the security complex through which twenty hundred police personnel will be stationed at the Ghana National Police Training School, Tesano.

75. Government through the National Disaster Management Organisation (NADMO) helped a total of fifteen and seventy-two (15,772) illegal miners.

76. In 2023, the Police Task Force will play the following role:

• To hear some of what we call the “Formed Police Unit” (FPUs) are available in the sixteen police regions through which to clarify laws and procedures for mitigating mass violence;

• To shout again, back to police deterrence (Crime Combat) and to those who take the steps of a special operation (Action Units) the necessary tool to help combat murder if there is still an armed robbery;

38 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

• Will police carry a total of five hundred (1,500) kilometers of vehicles across various regions and on the road to prevent the on-going theft; and then

• To open up some of the departments responsible for driving recklessly across all eighteen police districts thereby helping reduce the cost of driving to keep everything safe on the roads, as well as removing the number of accidents.

77. The government will continue the National Educational Programme on how to mitigate the disaster, the wife announcement project on earthquakes, and the process of early reporting on flooding in some districts and districts, in order to prevent early detection of the disaster.

78. The fourth phase of the Security Staff Construction Program (Phase IV of the Security Services Housing Programme) will commence for the Ghana Prison Service (Ghana Prisons Service.) It was in 2023.

Tour

79. The government will implement the Ghana Tourism Authority (GTA), on the basis of the known Ghana (See Ghana), eating Ghanaian food (Eat Ghana), wearing Ghanaian (Wear Ghanaian) shirts and having feelings for Ghanaian (Feel Ghana's) policies and promoting adverts on the need to buy Ghanaian goods.

80. Government and hotel owners will work hand in hand with food and drinks to sell in the country, equip the public with the necessary equipment, furniture and equipment used by organizations in order to hear orders from abroad during their work.

81. Due to the government's policies on enrollment and privatization of tourism sites

39 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

More specifically, the Ghana Tourism Company and the Ghana Investment Promotion Centre (GIPC) will partner to develop a strategic plan to drive the country and foreign investors into the tourism sector.

Export to Foreign Affairs Step

82. In recent times, the increasing number of foreign products in the country have reduced the cost of Ghana cedi to budget for the development of foreign trade based standards.

83. The second phase (Phase 2 of Ghana's CARES) of the Ghana Covid 19 Disaster and Private Sector Incentive Assistance Programme (PHase 2 of Ghana), the Government will support private businesses in specific areas to develop products that can fit into the procurement process, enhance logistics and export, and provide infrastructure to enable businesses to develop those products. For this reason, the Government will work hand in hand with the existing and outgoing industries and will begin to work hand in hand with expanding the scope of the projects, rectifying them, recycle the equipment that will be the specific commodities that we have set out to use.

Women and Men, Children and Social Protection

84. In 2022, the government, through the Ghana School Feeding Programme (GSFP), gave a total of three billion children, sixty-eight hundred and sixty-eight (3,620,468 pupils) with up to eighty-two thousand government schools (10,832 public basic schools)

40 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Good foodstuff is packed with nutrients for a day-to-day period. This led to an increase in the number of children going to school with (juvenile school) KG, Primary (Primary) and Adantam (JHS) standards in the 2020/21 school year. Children's schools increased by one hundred and eighteenth, By the beginning up to forty percent (40%) and by the Class School up to seventy-two percent (72%).

85. Government hired cooks (caterers) and cooks (cooks) to provide support to thirty-two hundred and ninety-six (32,496 caterers and cooks) in order to support their families. The government also opened irrigation opportunities for farmers to create a solid foundation for their economy.

86. In order to provide food to the individual with nutrients, the government paid a five-fold Social Insurance Against Poverty (LEAP) for forty-four thousand cedis, 804 (344,389).

87. In 2023, the government will continue to provide better food for students with nutrients for schools every day.

88. The government's Most Official Trafficking Task Force (Trafficking (HT) and Poverty Management (Trauma-Informed Care Center) provided treatment to twenty-four children, forty-six women and twenty-seven men who had been sold and into the poverty situation.

89. The government will continue to provide adequate care of poverty for the survivors of the People's Republic, to plan to combat human trafficking, community trade and reorganize activities through which anti-crowding companies will focus on the problem of human trafficking.

41 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Conclusion

90. In 2023, the Government will continue to support the Ministry of Social Resources to enhance development, agriculture, industrial and industrial sectors. For this reason, we urge that all citizens take part in the nationalist reconstruction process as we take this step in order to alleviate the burden we all need.

91. God bless National Ghana! !

42 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

TERMS OF TERMS (FUNDIFICATION OF TERMS)

One District One Factory (D1F): This is a set of technologies to open up in the district and thus enhance infrastructure in Ghana. This is to ensure that businesses in the country get jobs done by all Ghanaians in the country.

The Individual Trade in African countries (African Continental Free Trade Area – AFCFTA): This is a large market organised for African Trade companies to help trade their products to African countries without paying any trade taxes and benefiting the largest market here in Africa.

Problem-nosing (alleviation): This is a way of mitigating the effects of a problem.

Fund allocation (Allocation): This is the process of splitting public funds for the various departments and agencies of the Government for use to the public.

Nature (Ancillary): This is an aid or aid to the success of a situation.

Affair (Apparel): sale of a particular product or apparel in the store.

The Foreign Trade Standard (Balance of Payments): This is a trade between a country and other countries of the world for a specific period of time whether, quarterly for the year or even throughout the year.

Financial Systems (Budget): Financial systems represent a Government-designed strategy for making money and for making that money. For example, a family can make a budget using it to determine the amount of money they have and the number of things the money needs to be spent in order. It can include rent, water and electricity bills and food bills. If you need enough money, it will be necessary for the family to seek extra or even borrow some of the money.

43 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

There is A Golden Rule in the Financial System (Budget defit): This happens when the Government's use of money goes further than what the Government has actually received.

Like a Cat (Canine): What it pertains to a dog or to a dog.

The Fund for Development (Capital Expenditure): This is a form of funding for development projects such that may include road construction, schooling, hospital construction, bridge-holding, transport, water, major appliances etc.

Outbound Road (Carriageway): It is part of the road that can be accessed by ships.

Executive compensation (Compensation of Employees): This is the monthly salary of employees, various currencies, social security funds, transport funds etc. that are paid to Government employees.

Anthropology (Endoscopy): This is a type of test in the body.

The Costs and Gross Domestic Product Comparison (Debt-to-GDP ratio): This is a reflection of the financial stability when comparing a country's debt to the value of all domestic commodities and determining how the country's position is.

The value of something-justice (Deprecation): This is how the value of an asset is reduced over a specified period of time or if the weight of a state is lower compared to that of other countries.

Development Sponsors (Development Partners): This represents States or agencies that support States which are now in the process of developing their development objectives. This can include a number of categories such as the Universal Fund Fund- IMF (International Monetary Fund),The World Bank (World Bank), the African Development Fund (African Development Bank) etc. You can also be a number of individual countries such as Germany, the Greater Accra, the United States, and many more.

44 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

The End of Year Prices (End Year Inflation): This is an average price of goods up to in the month of a specified year.

We have overdrafts (Expenditure Overrun): This happens when the various types of funds we have invested above what we have allocated in the budgets passed by parliament.

The Bank of Foreign Trade (EXIM - Export-Import) Bank: The Ghana Foreign Trade Bank (Egypt-Import Bank - GEXIM) is a bank that was opened in 2016 by the ninth and eleventh laws (the Ghana Export-Import Bank Act 2016 - Act 911) in this country to assist the government in the export trade of goods.

The exportation of A merchandise to Foreign Trade Institutions (Extract Trade Houses - ETH): These are some of the trades that help companies in need and knowledge in foreign trade to get some commodity from abroad or export some commodity.

Financial Swindle (Fiscal Defitt): This is a check-in basis before a country finds a way to borrow a loan to make good use including credit fiduciary payments.

Different Financial Practices (Financial Operations): These are financial audits and reports, credit scores, debit processing, payments, salary details, assets, operations-management and payments.

The Financial Regulator (Fiscal Policy): This is a form of federal financial use and tax regulation that helps to understand the economic development basis or factors that make public financial stability possible.

45 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Financial Poverty (Financial stress): This is a situation or measure to determine the impact a failure has had on the financial difficulties or difficulties that the State needs to provide special assistance to prevent the same district from doing what it wants.

The Fa-me-kwa High School (FREE SHS): The Fa-me-kwa High School is a new Government initiative proposed by the government of President Nana Akuffo-Addo in September 2017 that any JHS student who performs in the exams will have access at High School to study for free.

Ghana's Cares Program (Ghana Cares): The project has two general plans for the first phase of the government's campaign against the coronavirus Consequences Program

Funding for Government (Grants): These are a variety of fund grants that Development Assistants will fund Government-sponsored non-profits.

Payments made to various Government Enterprises (Grants to other Government Units): This stands for money, is regulated by law to be paid to the District Legislative Fund’s “DACF”, the Lorry Road Fund’s “Road Fund”, the Education Fund’s “GETFUND”, the Petroleum Related Fund’s” and the National Health Fund’s “National Health Fund”.

The value of All Federal Product (Gross Domestic Product (GDP): This denotes the value of all products produced in this country over a given period of time.

Foreign currencies A Nation has (Gross International Reserves):This is a measure to determine how a country's financial strengths to be able to purchase goods from abroad are at a given time. This helps us to compare a country's finance with one another's.

46 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

Edua-so-price-price (Headline Inflation): This is a product-price report from the Consumer Design of Prices posted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (Bureau of Labor Statistics) on a monthly basis.

Nationality Trade (Import substitution): This is the process of making merchandise available in this country to promote a variety of goods imported from abroad rather than exportation and, through this same country's trade, improve the country's industrialization.

Price inflation (Inflation): This represents the increase in the number of activities and commodity prices over a given period of time.

The Debt Cost (Interest cost): This is the amount of borrowing interest a debtor has to pay for a borrowed loan or something he or she owes after not paying the interest itself has not completed.

Insurance-payments (Interest payments): This is a type of loan or property that a debtor or a derivative of the property pays.

Movement A To eradicate Poverty - IPEP (Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme): Movement A to eradicate Poverty is one of the most dominant activities in NPP Government programs with the goal of driving development to rural areas, especially in poor communities and thereby helping alleviate poverty and social welfare disparities between rural and rural areas.

National Economic Development Principles or Factors that contribute to national financial stability (Macroeconomic targets): These are a measure based on which a country's financial performance is determined. An example of this is economic development, increase in inflation, employment opportunities, national and international trade efforts, just like the government's budget or other factors and how the decisions made by the Bank of Ghana will affect prices at the national level.

47 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

The Memorandum of Understanding - MoU): It is a paper ratification of a decision-making step adopted by two parties or persons above to be implemented.

Section/Section (Module): It is something that we can combine to make up the size of the item.

The Financial Action Plan (Monetary policy): It is a policy by which the two public financial firms limit credit to a short period of time or how to unveil market, total amounts of money in order to help stabilize prices.

Small Enterprise Development Project - MSME (Micro And Small Business Development Programme): Small Business is a private sector that is able to recruit a small number of people with less than a specific amount of money on which the project is based.

The National Affiliate-NABCO (NATION Builders Corps): This is a very new concept in Ghana’s Government’s position to create a market for young people who graduate from the university to work in private or Government sectors and to help them with their skills and skills to face challenges in life, and this has helped them with experience to boost the economic development of the country.

The National Task Force for Small Scale Industry- (National Board for Small Scale Industries- NBSSI): The National Task Force for Small Enterprises is a non-profit public company and was rather a subordinate body under the Ministry of Trade and Industry, which is governed by law to ensure the effectiveness of Small Enterprises and Housing (Micro and Small Enterprises (MSSes).

The National Afforestation Program (National Afforestation Programme-NAP): It is a representative of the deforestation we have fallen in order to restore the forest quality we have lost and thus improve the lives of various communities living near forests, especially the poor.

48 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

National Disaster Management Task Force (National Disaster Management Organisation - NADMO): This is a national agency responsible for the management of disaster and sudden disasters in Ghana.

The value of the country's commodities, which do not include the Golden Rule (Non-Oil Real GDP): This is the value of all the commodities in this country that do not include some of the money from various oil projects, which have been based on inflation.

The high commodity prices of this country that do not include Oil currencies (Non-Oil Real GDP Growth): It is the basis we see for national economic growth in any sector of the country that does not include coal currencies.

Non-exempt income (Non Tax Revenue): This is Government income free of charge. Some of the pre-licensed payments a person has made are the fees we pay for other things such that they may not be worth a penny.

Debts by Government (Outstanding Requirements): Debts by Government is a sum that the Financial Services Authority must pay for various Government Enterprises and then, outstanding debts as of 2016 which are regulated by law that Government must pay in various Bills.

Effect (Outturn): This is what happens outside of a situation or outside of certain circumstances.

The amount A is allocated We shall need to use it (primary balance): This is the amount outstanding after the Government's interest in all those interested in obtaining it, without borrowing any money, (that is, the outstanding loan that the Government will pay out). The method we use to calculate this was to replace it at a percentage of the value of all Federal commodities.

Overdrafts (primary surplus - defit): This refers to the financial constraints that represent the excess income we have overdrawn from taxes, the outstanding debt we have paid for the debt that the country does not owe.

Target economic development (Projected Growth Rate): This is how the Ghana economy is expected to improve in a given year.

49 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

All Federal Product itself (Real GDP): This is a measure used to identify the value of all domestic commodities comparable to those of the product-value-upload.

Revenue A Government (Revenge): This is how much money the Government gets from its various activities in this country and abroad.

The Food and Jobs Coalition A Food and Jobs -RFJ (Rearing For Food and Jobs): This is a new Government of Ghana development initiative that will implement and fund mining to ensure that the food and clothing provided to the public is eaten and reduced the cost of raw materials imported into the country, thus increasing the prevalence of jobs that the public will get for the benefit of all stakeholders.

The teaching that leads to change (Sensitization): This is a doctrine or advertisement that aims to promote awareness and change of mind through which to bring positive change to a state that does not exist.

Small Businesses and Housing (Small and Medium-Sizinged Enterprises - SMEs): These are unofficial private businesses that can be used by a small number of people.

Social Aid Funds (Social Benefits): This is a form of government-funded compensation for water, oil and electricity companies to Ghanaians.

Squadron: This is a group of aeronautics that have a role in aeronautics which, or more, are the soldiers to drive the aircraft.

Golden Rule (Subsidy): This is a form of financial support from the Government to relieve citizens from a little burden to calm them down.

Activity tracking (Surveillance): This is a way to follow something and watch it happen.

The biggest wave (Tidal wave): It is the largest ocean waves that occur during the rainy season or in the rock season.

This is not (Transparency): This is to allow the Government to inform citizens about what is going on and hear all reports from time to time.

Journey (Trunk Road): This is the main lbre route usually includes two or more towns, harbours, airports

50 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizenship Investment System

“We are working hand in hand with our development and commodity recovery to bring stability to the country’s Economy and we are starting to put it first.”

and other places together, and is usually the tallest road to take things away.

Product and Service currencies (Use of Goods and Services): This is how much money the Government pays for its role and its role in society.

Product tax (Value Added Tax (VAT): This is a tax imposed on various types of commodities in any case.

Twenty-two (V20 - Vulnerable Twenty): These are some countries that think the harsh effects of climate change affect them very much.

The national branch (Subsector) – It represents one of the national institutions where different functions continue to exist.

You-Based-Based (YouStart): It is a way for the Government to help young people between the ages of 18 and 40 on finance and technology to start their businesses or as young businesses and thus enable them to start and expand their own businesses.

The Youth Employment Task Force (Young Employment Agency - YEA): The Youth Employment Task Force was opened by the Eighth and Eighth Act of the Youth Employment Act of 2015 (Young Employment Act 2015 - Act 887) to regulate, regulate, and assist youth employment and related matters in Ghana.

51 Government of Ghana – 2023 Citizens' Finance System

CC 2022. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance