FREEDOM ANDJustICE REPUBLIC OF GHANA

ASante TWI

2021 Citizen's Finance System

2021 Manifestion of the Citizens' Financial System A Briefly and Flexible

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

How Citizens can request information about it

2021 National Fiscal Policy Statement and Citizenship Finance profile in the following indigenous news site: www.mofep.gov.gh

If you would like some more, please contact the contact office of the Ministry of Finance. Their suburbs are:

Public Relations Office New Building Ground Floor Room 001 or 003 P. O. Box MB 40 Accra – Ghana Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

translated by:

Bureau of Ghana Languages

1 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Content

Tables:...................................................................................................3

Number tables:.......................................................................................3

The Minister's Choice.............................................................................................

NATION..................................................................................................."

TERMS OF THE NATIONal Monetary Fund..................................................................6

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS IN THE Institutions AND ARE AS THE FACE . 14

END..........................................................................................

The Dictionary (Financial Policy Statements) ..........................................29

2 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Tables:

Schedule 1: Government Health Services Workers

Schedule 2: Terminations

Table 3: Emerging roles

Different types of scoring tables:

Table 1: Summary of the Fund of the National Fund from January to December 2020 (Ghana in Million)

Schedule 2: Role A We funded from January to December 2020 (Ghana Investment in Million)

Table 3: How much money A Looking About How to Get in 2021 (Ghana Money in Million)

Agenda 4: Roles to Invest in and How to Invest in 2021 (Ghana Investment in Million)

3 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Now it was time for each of us, regardless of political affiliation, to hold our hand and unite our strength to work hard and to increase the country’s transport capacity as a country,” he added.

President

Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo

(January 2021 - National Status Statement)

4 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

The Minister's Choice

In January 2020, Ghanaians voted for President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo to continue his work of doing good and to do more good in addition to what he is doing. It is very unlikely that we will ever get the assurance that Ghanaians have acquired this government.

The 2021 budget is a very different economic plan because it will better protect the economy and help the community, stimulate and then equip us with the work you are in need of, and help us to put our resources in place to improve Ghana’s recovery and progress after the collapse of the COVID-19 pandemic. This Financial System is based on our vision that we want to change this country and that it is an independent country in the economy.

In the first four years, we have strategic plans for this country to step back financially. These plans are to improve businesses, increase revenue in public funds, improve efficiency steps, private sector support and social development assistance to the disabled. In late 2019, Ghana was on the verge of economic development with all the factors that contribute to business and economic development, and it has also been recognized by the general public that we are a developing country, in which the COVID-19 pandemic continued to affect us. All countries in the world, including Ghana, have had some of the negative effects of these constipation.

The Covid-19 pandemic has brought about some challenges for our work and anti-illegal conduct. Government has realised how these constipation have affected people, and therefore, government has made arrangements to help businesses in order to rehabilitate them. There is hope because we have seen other ways we can use them will lead to many opportunities. The government has set little to ensure public health, and for this reason, it plans for any Ghanaian who does not have a vaccine against this shortcoming in order to ensure that we all work well in order to improve the quality of Ghanaian vaccine we all need.

We have worked with you through all the difficulties in our progress, and we have been bold to take all the necessary steps so that we can put the economy back in the direction of the country. Currently, about one and two hundred million Ghanaians (1.2 million) have had access to secondary schools to change their lives, we have restructured all the conditions that were not in the banking sector and most people have access to all the savings accounts they had lost. Again, we have built a company that organizes ships in our country and has seen earlier ships produced by this company in various markets and in our corridors.

The truth is, we recognize challenges faced by people as we continue our efforts to achieve our goals. Government is working hard in order to solve these problems in the middle of the day in order to bring stability to companies. For example, in May 2020, we funded the Ghana cedi of seven hundred and fifty million (GH¢750 million) with the support of small, medium and medium-sized companies and others in the program, which is called the CAP-BusS.

Now, it is more important than when it comes to the same time that we are sitting together and continuing to take the steps of courage and self-esteem. At least we have promised in the National Conference to work on Ghana with all our might and heart.

God bless us all.

life of Ghana!

Ken Ofori-Atta Minister for Finance

5 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

BARBER/CIRCUM

1. The 2021 Citizen's Finance Program is a continuation of the role played by the Government and the amount of money the Government has set out to develop its plans and activities in 2021. The main objective of this Financial Services Programme is to “Develop the role for the deaf and the rest of the country’s economy.” The Financial System covers this topic because of the amount of time it has been in the past, and the annual budget has many other activities that Government plans to take action, while there are many ongoing activities that are not complete. If that happens, it doesn’t only our financial resources, but there will be a lot of debt on us that even some do not have enough to pay back to the accountants who have done their work. This increases the cost of various activities because we pay too much for every activity that we have to pay for which we have set the time.

2. In 2021, the government decided to repeal a new regime. This is another way that the Government aims to end a culture that we are supposed to have abandoned to include poetry, and therefore, the Government is set to complete all the activities that we have not yet completed.

How the National Monetary Fund was created in 2020

As the national economic development proposal was correct

3. The following is how public finances were correct in 2020:

• For the first nine months, the growth of the country's total merchandise continued to grow about one hundred and even more (0.2 percent.) However, the year does not end and must reach a percentage and nine-fold (0.9 percent);

• Factors for non-Foot oil funding also advanced in the first nine months to a low percentage and a higher fourth(0.4 percent), and must reach a single percent and six previous rounds (1.6 percent) by the end of the year;

1 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

• The price of goods at the end of January was ten per cent and four per cent (10.4%) which had previously stood at eleven per cent and very low (11.0 per cent);

• The amount of money left we needed to spend on all of our budgets is eleven per cent and seven per cent (11.7 per cent of GDP) which was previously eleven per cent and four per cent (61.4 per cent of GDP);

• The functional cost to be paid was five per cent and three per cent (6.3 per cent of GDP) but four per cent and six per cent (6.6 per cent of GDP) were targeted; then

• The amount of Foreign Revenue by the State also reached eight billion US$8.6 billion (US$8.6 billion) worth of orders for about four months and a day.

Diplomatic Funding and Role of the Nation in 2020

Funding of the National Fund

4. In 2020, the Government rolled out plans for a revenue stream, including a national revenue sharing platform. Government had projected revenue to reach 35 billion Ghana cedis and seven billion GH¢53.7 billion, and this would spur action on various projects and projects. At the end of January 2020, we had 50 billion Ghana cedis and one billion (GH¢55.1 billion) worth more than we had hoped to get one billion and five million (GH¢1.5 billion). This was possible because of our efforts in the fight against Foreign Trade through the steps of the Integrated Customs Management System - ICUMS. The 1st Schedule shows how stable our economy was in various funded areas in 2020.

2 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Schedule 1: Funding of the National Fund as of January – December of 2020 (Ghana in Million currency)

60.0 53.7 55.1 50.0 40.7 42.6 40.0 30.0 20.0 10.0 4.5 5.0 3.8 3.6 3.4 2.8 1.2 1.2 0.0

The amount of money collected by the Government and the amount of money given

It sells cash without coming out of coal.

It sells cash without coming out of coal.

Petroleum and gas Money

Other currencies (ESLA and SSNIT records to NHIL

Gift of money

Bankruptcy Money

A Role We Moneyd

5. At the end of January 2020, the Government had implemented a total of one hundred and one billion Ghana cedis (GH¢100.1 billion) including the existing pre-government debt, at the time, targeting Ghana cedi ninety-seven billion and seven million Ghana cedis (GH¢97.7 billion). The borrowing interest rate and the other charges we paid didn't overtake us. All the money we paid for other activities was more than what we had been planning to pay, according to 2 schedules. The reason for the increase in paid income in some of the activities is as follows:

• The number of health workers recruited at work, the amount we paid to health workers who were “noma” sick

3 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

ɛm” Then: the treatment of akontokurowi, then the total number of soldiers who went for a break in the terms of an Employee Rewards; • the COVID-19 pandemic costs some other related commodities and Activities; and • the COVID-19 pandemic prevention exercise that we mentioned in the development costs. 6. We also need to note that, the Government borrowed an amount of forty-four billion Ghana cedis and nine billion (GH¢44.9 billion) in return for the amount of the government's revenue and the amount allocated to us by the Ghana cedi of fifty-five billion (GH¢55.1 billion) in 2020. Schedule 2: Role A We Moneyd from January to December of 2020 Summary (Ghana Money in the Million) Then the chart: In Excel charts embed in Office/PDF, the text order in the PDF stream is typically: Y-Axis labels: Investment in Non-Corruption Inventory Payments for Government Services Credits-payments of Product and arms. The amount of money Workers' salaries (and expenses... Then data labels: 2.21 0 1.44 1.44 12.44 12.08 12.08 14.08 14.08 9.08 11.88 11.81 26.6 26.39 7.74 28.27.97.74 X-Axis labels: 0 40 60 80 100 120 Legend: Prov Outturn Revised Budget Wait! Look at the order in Excel charts: In Excel, horizontal bar charts store categories in order (either top-down or bottom-up), then

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

last-quarter (76.1 percent of GDP). This is how much money the Government wanted to pay for the costs of banks and Private Energy (Independent Power Purchase-IPPs). Apart from the cost of banks, the cost of 2020 for all domestic commodities was seventy-one percent and five-fifths (71.5 percent of GDP). The national debt is categorised as follows:

• Foreign debt: Foreign debt is one hundred and forty-one billion (GH¢141.7 billion) plus US$34 billion (US$24.7 billion), this is the total cost of forty-eight percent and six sixths (48.6 percent); then

• The cost of this country: The cost of holding in this country is forty-nine billion and eight million (GH¢149.8 billion) which is $22.6 billion and one million (US$26.1 billion), this is the total cost of fifty-one percent and four-quarters (51.4%).

2021 budget and the country's Finances

Targets for National financial stability with a view to 2021

8. Government financial management and various forms of governance (tax and liquidity decisions) have a profound impact on how we finance in the past. The 2021 Financial System is based on the factors that give a National financial standing with a view to achieving or following bases:

• Five percent of total merchandise in and out of this country (Real GDP growth of 5.0%);

• Six percent and seven percent of the country's non-Planet-free merchandise (Non-Oil Real GDP growth of 6.7%);

• Eight percent (8.0%) of prime primes;

• Money over what we have - nine percent and five fifths (9.5 % of GDP);

• The amount of money we will need to prove what we have taken - one-hundred and three-thirty (1.3 % of GDP); then

• The amount of Foreign money we need to get to order for about four months.

5 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

crude

7.1

Non-fueled Excise

53.6

It's Money

55.8

The amount of money received by the government and the amount of money given

72.5 Wait! Let's also consider: what if it's:

Gift of money

Other currencies (ESLA and SSNIT records to NHIL

Petroleum Fund

Non-fueled Excise

Non-fueled Excise

It's Money

The amount of money received by the government and the amount of money given

1.5

4.9

5.4

7.1

53.6

55.8

72.5 Wait! Look at the rule again: "- Follow the natural reading order (respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)." Look at the parenthetical: "(respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)" Wait! Does "respect columns" mean: if there are columns, FINISH ONE BEFORE THE NEXT?! READ THETHATE CAREFFULLY! "respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next" WHY did the author write "respect columns... finish one before the next"? Because if there are columns, you MUST NOT read across them row-by-row (interleaved)! You MUST FINISH WAIT! Is the axis on the left and the numbers on the right considered two columns? Wait! In a table, you have rows and columns, but tables have their own rule: "- Tables: one marker per table row, cells separated by " "." So tables are read row-by-row with ` `! Why do tables have a special rule? Because tables have columns, but shouldn't be read column-by-column! Now look at charts: Does a chart have a rule saying "one marker per chart row"? NO! And the rule says: "- Follow the natural reading order (respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)." Wait, but is a bar chart considered to have columns? Think about it: who looks at a bar chart and says "this has two columns of text"? Wait! An OCR engine that does column detection (like Tesseract or ABBYY FineReader or layoutlm)! When you feed a document image into ABBYY FineReader or Tesseract or Google Document AI

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

The Sanitation and Defection Levy-SPPL (Sanitation and Pollution Levy-SPL) which consists of ten (10 pesesawas) per petrol/Dessell subject to the Fire-Founding Act (Energy Sector Levies Act - ESLA), and through this tariff we will compare sanitation issues for it to be successful, there will be a change in life and we will hear the number of people who are sick or died as a result;

The Energy-Sector Recovery-Delta Fund (Energy Sector Recovery-Delta Fund) which consists of twenty pesos per lita/desell, and this underpins the ESLA program to help fund the cost of fire-power from the Fire-Effection Accords that took place during the time the devices included in that Agreement were not valid;

Fund Infrastructure maintenance accounts for up to five per cent of the savings account before deducting the tax (5% on benefits-before-tax) and using this income to pay the outstanding amount of public funds in the banking sector. We will adapt this to in 2024;

The Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will work hand in hand with the agencies involved in this exercise to establish strategies for income generation in the area of procurement; then,

We are going to make changes to the increase in transport fee and the current prices as per the Bankruptcy Statement (Fees and Charges -Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 2018 (Act 983), which allows for the regulation of the road tax on the same road, and thus provide for a proper annual income reform with an increase in the annual prices of the Ghana Statistical Service (Ghana Statistical Service) to be placed on the market.

How to allocate funds in 2021

11. The government has announced that in 2021, it will implement GH₵113.8 billion of Ghana’s revenue increment as defined in Annex 4 to the table below. The rest of the money that the Government needs to give to the recipient will come from foreign and foreign credit.

7 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Agenda 4: Roles to Invest in and How to Invest in 2021 (Ghana Investment in Million)

Cost to pay

3.7

Other venture capitalization projects

8.4

Funding for government projects

18.1

Secess-payment

35.9

Augmentation cost

11.4

Product and manufacturing currencies

6.0

Executive compensation

30.3

113.8

How much money will be spent?

COVID-19 SYMPTOMS OF THE COVID-19 DESTITION OF THE SYMPTOMS OF THE SYMPTOMS OF THE SYMPTOMS OF THE SYMPTOMS OF THE SYMPTOMS OF THE SYMPTOMS

12. This section reflects the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the world and mainly in Ghana. It also interprets policies through which the government will address these effects and mitigate these effects.

Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic Kontinkurowi

13. The COVID-19 pandemic that fell on the world in the period just before the end of 2019 had effects on every plant, company and even the economy of all countries of the world. Various forms of financial services were compromised, people were sacked from businesses, the public was deprived of funds and various activities that would have contributed money to the public purse. In addition, over 2.6 million people in the world have died as a result of this.

8 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

14. In Ghana, there were eleven cases of the disease each week, which increased to seven hundred and eighty-one in the last months of 2020, and increased to one hundred and four in the last week of 2020. In 2021, the new version of the disease re-imagined its head with ninety-nine cases in January, which increased to eighty-eight on the fifth day of February 2021.

15. In his quest to fight the virus, the government imposed a ban on public housing, which had a negative impact on most of the main sectors of the country's institutions, especially hospitality, agriculture, health, transport, commodity, construction, banking and education industries.

16. The officials of the passports, the motorists and the "tro-tro" industry and the private sector workers who do not have a Government manual and who do not have any social resources were successfully arrested in the wake of the Government's attack on society. Although he was going to do it to slow down the life of the virus, he made good on the different commodities and lifestyles that the community needs in order to preserve their lives.

17. In comparison to the Western African countries, the Government of Ghana bravely took the right steps to control the life of the virus and thus universally praised the Government for its steps towards the disease and this encouraged the Government to do something about it.

18. The other steps taken by the Government in this regard are through the assistance of the World Bank

Some of the viral infection services

9 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

The National COVID-19 Emergency Relief and Response Estimate (National COVID-19 Emergency Preparatory and Response Plan- EPRP) with the most common goal of strengthening the country's knowledge and capacity to eradicate the disease, research and disease according to our three steps - to conduct blood tests, to find those who have recovered and to treat them.

19. The government reimbursed the various factors that calm the public down as follows:

• Government supported private businesses to prevent their employees from being released and arrested by their relatives during the pandemic outbreak;

• Government paid electricity bills to the public from March to December of 2020, providing food to the disabled during the period of conveyance;

• Government gave one million, eight hundred and twenty-one (1,827,581) in Accra and nine hundred and seventeen (917,142) in Kumasi without enough;

• Some Government and Service Akuhos joined forces to deliver food to four hundred and seventy-four different types of plants during the lockdown;

•The Government, through Ghana Water Company Limited, supplied water to ten hundred and twenty-five Ghanaian people, six hundred and twenty-six (10,125,620) at the same time;

10 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Government through the 'Environment of Homes' 'Operation Return Home' program helped Ghanaians who had been forced on transport and transport by the time of the COVID-19 pandemic to return home by road;

The government took steps to launch a fund named Coronavirus Destruction Plan for Industry Support (Coronavirus Alleviation Programme Business Support Scheme -CAP-BusS) to fund Ghana's 50-millioncedis (GH¢750 million) funding target to help Small-scale, Small-scale and Medium-Sized Enterprises-MSMEs (Micro, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises) to cope with the impact of the pandemic, and in this regard, a total of 277,511 jobs received a total of four hundred and eighty-eight million grants (GH¢412.88 million); then,

The government created the National COVID-19 Fund (COVID-19 National Trust Fund), which wanted Ghana’s total revenue of fifty-seven millioncedis (GH¢57.13 million), which reached 31 January 2020, and we have implemented forty-five and twenty-two million (GH¢45.22 million) including the disease control equipment (PPEs) which we purchased and the medical equipment that we sent to COVID-19 hospitals, the food that we provided to the elderly, the poor and the poor and those that we bought for the various COVID-19 treatment centers (COVID-19 Treatment Centres) and other steps.

20. Support for COVID-19 in 2021: Government will begin implementing the following policies in this year to help certain populations, especially those affected by the measles of the measles, provide a measure of relief:

Tax cuts: Government will reduce the profit by 30 per cent (30% tax rebate) for companies with hospitality and food sales, education, arts and entertainment, travel and tourism activities in 2021 in the second, third and fourth months;

11 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Product tax: The government will remove taxes imposed on small businesses on their merchandise sales in the second, third and fourth months of the year to calm them down;

There is an increase in transport profits: Government quarterly tax paid by the owners of tro-tro and taxis in the second, third and fourth months of the year in order to reduce traffic for a while; then

The liquidation period is used to provide incentives to merchants and to pay unpaid taxes: Government has abolished fines payments and fines for companies and individuals who pay taxes as of January 2020. This is a program that will help companies and individuals to pay their own benefits this year in September. These plans are in place for the best performers of their cards in Ghana's Fire Service (GRA) office and have been paid their taxes in the first quarter of this year.

The Ghana COVID-19 ASETOR AND

21. The Government of Ghana unveiled a project titled the Ghana COVID-19 Missile and Private Sector incentives (Ghana COVID-19 Alleviation and Revivalization of Enterprises Support-Ghana CARES) on 20th November 2020. The project aims at mitigating the effects of constipation and helping businesses to implement better policies to be able to stand their legs more quickly and thus improve the economy of the country. The truth is, this is a brave way to transform the economy of Ghana into a better place, bring about industrialization, the prosperity and the well-being of the country as a whole to respond to the good needs of all Ghanaians.

22. The Ghana COVID-19 Pandemic and Private Sector Incentive Support (Ghana CARES) project is prioritized by the efforts of companies to accelerate the development of the market.

12 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

The country will reimburse itself and get what we have lost, thus increasing the number of businesses that have made it possible for the public to get some. The government has faith and emphasized that, through Ghana's COVID-19 Missile and Private Sector Incentive Support (Ghana CARES) project, it will provide economic incentives and progress as a result of trade and this will lead to other successful and rewarding activities as well, especially in the areas of private sector.

23. The activities that will take the lead in the development of the railways in the Ghana COVID-19 Disaster and Private Sector Incentive Assistance (Ghana CARES) activities are as follows:

• to contribute to the expansion and attractiveness of agriculture and thus to the interest of young people who have learned literature to engage in agriculture;

• to open industrial and commercial small-scale industries in Ghana;

• to help improve technological skills and communication services in this State;

• ensuring that the ways of modern communication are quickly entrenched and implemented in our lives;

• improving the Infrastructure of the Houses and Construction of Ghana;

• The Ghanaian community shall be made the most progressive area in Western Africa;

• We will reform or inspire the steps of the Executive Branch; then then

• We shall open the Bank of Ghana Development (Development Bank of Ghana) with a view to implementing measures towards the development of development in the Ghana COVID-19 Disaster and Private Sector Incentive Assistance (Ghana CARES) sector.

13 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS IN THE Institutions AND

24. This section talks about efforts by some institutions in 2020, re-expressing strategic roles and policies for them in 2021. The Ghanaian Premier Development Goals (Medium-Term National Development Agenda 2018-2021) are the Ghanaian non-nomination agenda (Ghana Beyond Aid Agenda) and the activities and plans of the institutions are in place. Their activities and plans are also aimed at ending the program titled 'Ghana COVID-19 Events and Individual Enterprise incentives (Ghana CARES) program' (Government’s CARES), and then reasserting the focus on National and International Cooperation in the United Nations Community Vision 2030 (UN Agenda 2030) (SDGs) and the African Community Vision 2063 (African Union Agenda 2063).

Organisation for Food and Agriculture

Commercial women selling produce

25. The Food and Agriculture Institute continued to implement the National Agrarian Development Strategy for Food and Jobs Abuse (National Agricultural Investment Plan-Investing for Food and Jobs (IFJ, 2018-2021) to alleviate poverty, back through Finance Census programs for successful businesses. Year

14 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

2020 saw the following roles by the Government:

A total of one hundred and sixty-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six (7,736,510) farmers received reduced-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-s

The government bought a total of seven hundred and fifty-six (7,500) livestock for farmers in the Upper West, North, and Oti Provinces, and distributed 300,000 (30,000) to the three-thousand (3,000) farmers in the Upper West, East, Asante, North and Nkran provinces.

Government gave farmers a total of one hundred and fifty thousand yen and one hundred (531,100), and began to build a total of fifteen (11) hemorrhoids, seven hemorrhoids, seven hemorrhoids, and seven hemorrhoids.

He continued each of the field-so-suspending programs as soon as possible,: the first phase of the Tamne Project (Phase I) was ninety percent (90%) and the second phase (Phase 2) was also fifty percent (50%); and then the second phase of Mprimem (Phase II)— ninety-five percent (95%), he prepared the following, to take aboriginal plans, back into some limits: Those were:Tono's operations—ninety-five percent (95%), Kpong's farm-so-suspend plans — one hundred

field-level

15 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Sixty-one percent (61%) and Kpong's left-wing scoring service — seventy-two percent (72%);

• He completed ten (10) narrow catches in the Northwest, Northwest, Northern and Savannah Provinces as water bodies would be vulnerable to water for household use, he had also received them for annual farming;

• Based on the “One District One warehouse” (“One District One Warehouse”) program, He completed twenty-one Crofts (21);

• He maintained the value of cocoa-selling for seven thousand cedis, six hundred (GH¢7,600) in 2017/2018, and in 2018/2019 he sold it at an eight-percent rate of forty-two (8.4%) for the price up to eight thousand cedis, two hundred and forty-four (GH¢8,240). The goal of this program was to keep cocoa farmers on their feet even as foreign prices fell; then,

• Through various cocoa processing programs, he opened a total of one hundred and ten thousand jobs (110,000) to limit the number of people from urban areas to urban areas, making them more efficient to the general public.

26. In 2021, the Government will be the following:

• He will continue to provide seedlings and farmlands (fertilizers) to some farmers through which he will help to grow maize, potatoes, soybeans, maize, 'cowpea', and many yams and peanuts, to ensure that Ghanaman is stable in agriculture, able to export some of the fields for sale;

• he will distribute the animals they grow in as to whether the number of pigs and pigs is five hundred, one hundred (531,100) he bought in 2020 to farmers; he will open three cocoa bags(3); he will purchase five thousand brilches less than one day (5000) and twenty-one percent (50%) of what they call the nativery;

16 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

He will buy agricultural machinery and equipment at a cost of $30 million (US$30 million) to enhance the farming process; he will buy fertilizers and kill seventy-six-one-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-s

He will train sixty-four (64) young people to develop skills and knowledge of new kinds of crops and crops (greenhouse technology) in Akumandan and Bawjiase.

Organisation for EDWADIEDIAL AND TERMS

27. In 2020, Government overhauled technology reform programs, aiming to help the country become a commercial foundation in all Western African States and even in all African countries. The Government in 2020 played the following role:

Based on the One District Factory One Factory (“1D1F) plan, each had a specific specific impact of 202 projects. Currently, the steps of seventy-six (76) of them have come to an end for effective use, and a hundred and seven-107 of them are also implemented;

Some of them were funded with funds from projects that had access to the One District Factory Factory (D1F), borrowed some of them, some of them for tax freedom grants, others for development projects, and other projects to improve the availability of roads, water and electricity in their centers. ;

The agreed for 'One District One Factory' (1D1F) Companies (37) did not pay a total of six hundred and three million (GH¢603 million) orders;

Based on four different Regional One Factory Factory (1D1F) and partner investment firms, they received two billion and three hundred million (GH¢2.3 billion) loans. Government represented four of the One District Plants (1D1F) companies.

17 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

It invested two hundred and thirteen million yen (GH¢213) into the banking sector as if some of the loans were for training purposes.

He built Business Opening Training Center (Business Resource Centres) (BRCs) 37 (37) in various Districts in 2020, for all their staff, equipment and other equipment needed to start using. The operation of the Business Resource Centre (Business Centres) (37) expanded to include forty-six (146) counties. We are starting construction of the Enterprise Training Center (Business Resource Centres) by 30 (30), with a total capacity of up to sixty-seven (67);

He supported hundreds and a dozen domestic cloth companies through which those Companies were able to boost their number of fabric formations, thus giving them a mask (nose mask) that helps prevent COVID 19; then,

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Support for COVID-19 for Small, Short and Large Enterprises (MSMEs) led to revival in their implementations

8 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH

9 INDUSTRY, INNOVAATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE

18 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

28. In 2021, the Government will continue the construction of one hundred and seventeen 1D1F projects (107) and begin construction of a completely new 40 (49).

Organisation for the Protection of Blood-Difference

29. As the Government can provide the public with fire-based energy, in 2020 it did the following:

• He completed 90 per cent of the 200MW Mandi electricity service (98%), and has now been implemented to include a small fraction of which we will soon unveil;

• He incorporated 88 (888) of the five hundred and sixty-six-six-six-six-six (560) communities into the national fire-power publication, improving the access to electricity from 85-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-s

• On the basis of local gas policy implementations (LPG), he distributed a 'competitor' of five hundred thousand tons of gas ( 1,500).

30. In 2021, the Government will continue to monitor the following uses for them to be fulfilled:

• completing the first phase of the 1B (1B of the Early Power Project), electricity boosts to 202MW;

• to continue the process of the Energy hygienic database (PPA Renegotiations);

• to ensure the performance of the Pwallugu ladder supporting various activities (the Pwallugu Multipurpose dam);

• to repair or modify the T3 gas disconnection (T3 Gas turbines);

• completing (Kumasi-Kintampo) the first phase (Lot1) of the Kumasi-Bolgatanga power library.

19 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

he will upgrade the Volta-Achimota-Mallam 161kV library service (Volta-Achimota-Mallam 161kV Transmission); and then

he/she will complete the project (330kV A4BSP Pokuase Bulk Supply Point)

Organisation for Physical Health

Ghana COVID-19 PRIVATE SECTOR FUND

REPUBLIC OF GHANA

1 NO PAVERTY

8 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH

Ghana Cessation Service, Accra

31. With the Government's vision of success for health issues for the general public, to free themselves from the COVID 19 crisis, he did the following in 2020:

zipline

Based on the Government's Health Promotion Action plan for the one named Agenda 111 Programme (Agenda 111 Programme); it began to take steps to build one hundred and one district hospitals (101), seven district hospitals (7), and two psychiatric hospitals (2), and to repair the Effia-Nkwanta hospital.

20 G

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

In support of HIV patients called 'Antiretroviral Therapy(ART)' (eTracker) some of the 84 (488) red spots in order to support HIV/AIDS treatment there, the handwashing machines (TBs) are also red spots, and he purchased 'frigye' in which a total of two hundred and forty-three thousand vaccines are placed (2,343) all over this country to help strengthen vaccination operations;

He coined the list of smallpox 'drone' including: GH1 Omenako, GH2 Mpanya, GH3 Vobsi, and GH4 Sefwi; to help people understand how to deal with health issues, thereby removing time-consuming chemicals, and eliminating cold chemicals (cold chain breaksages), and then making medical steps faster

He took a total of fifty-eight million people, nine hundred and 58,191 in health projects.

Schedule 1: Government health services professionals

The number of employees recruited until the retirement rate in 2020

1. Doctors 822

2. Medical absoluts (endorsed constipation) 8

3. Doctors aides 637

4. Negroes (certificates, Diploma & Degree) 43.057

5. Health workers (Manigya, cooks, other workers etc.) 2,000

6. Breast (Pharmacists) 150

7. Paedophile doctors 150

8. Other health workers (eye patients, performers, blood testers) 4,146

Their total population is 50,970

The Inter-Ministerial Committee on Illegal Mining (IMCIM)

1 Other doctors 1,030

2 Negroes who are traded 6,016

3 Doctors of Children 175

21 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

for" -> wait! Is it "ama"? Yes, "ama". - "regulated" - "a" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to be called" - "to" - "Serious" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to go" - "to" - "government" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - " Agenda 111" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" "to" - "to" - "to continue" - "to continue" - "to" - "to follow" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" "to" - "to" "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" - "to" "to"" "to" - "be" - "to" - "to" - "follow" - "to" - "to" - "to""Sub-bullets under Bullet 3: 1. "Coforidua County Hospital" (no Punctuation at end) 2. "Shama County Hospital;" (semiclolon at end) 3. "La Hospital;" (semiclolon at end) 4. "Tema County Hospital;" (semiclolon at end) 5. "Rehabilitation of this country's medical center;" (semicolon at end) 6. "Nkoranza Municipal Hospital; and" (semicolon after Hospital, then "and") Now let's check the picture:

22 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens' Financial System Wait, let's look at the picture: Is it: "22 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens' Financial System"? Let's zoom into the picture: "22 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizens' Finance System" Wait! "22 " (bold 22, then vertical bar ) "Government of Ghana" (bold) " - 2021 " (hyphen/dash) "Privacy Finance System" (italicized) Is there anything printed inside the flag graphic at the bottom right? The flag graphic has a black star on

The theme: "End operations for the bottom line and continue with the rest of the country's economy"

′′ Dormaa accident and Emergency Hospital.

He will continue to take all the medications that have been given to us and to those we have purchased from sources such that the source of the COVID-19 disease may have been used to slow down the effects of it.

Directorate of Roads and Highway Approaches

FOTO:SOC # 2021

Pokuasi bus bus bridge (Village of the town of Accra)

9 INDUSTRY, INNOVAATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE

11 SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND COMMUNITIES

35. The government adopted the following, maintaining the time-consuming nature of repair and small-scale trucks and controlling the role of the freedom of people to trade goods wherever they wanted in the area of peace:

He prepared a road connecting big cities - 25,048 km (kilometres), routes to areas with vegetation from the bauxite (kilometres)11,061 km), and the native road - 5,535 km (kilometres)

He made it a time-consuming catch-up or repair of the two-city bridge 62 km/kilometres, roads leading to the source of seedlings.

23 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Investment System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

There are 120 kilometres of road (kilometres), and 1,570 km of road (kilometres),

• He completed the mathematics function which was in progress on the 648 road (kilometres) road, and contains details and is organized on the 2 tables below.

Schedule 2: Endorsements

MANGOMB

Accra Ashongman, Lapaz (Petroleum), Airport Residential Area, Trinity Seminary, Ga Central, Kwashiman-Ofankor, Chapel Street/Link, Dzorwulu, Tema East, Dansoman, East Legon, Tantra Hill, Ga West Roads, Tema, Baatsona, Shishiie, Burma Camp, Roman Ridge, Ofankor.

Eastern Kyebi, Koforidua, Oda, Suhum, Nana Asafo Adjei –male 50, Akyim Oda

North East in County Hospital road, Bolga

Western Chapel Hill, Kwesitinim Sawmill, Assakane, New Takoradi, GPHA Quarters

Ashanti Tech nnwant – Anloga nnwanta, Tafo, Sume, Moshie Zongo, Buokrom, Kwadaso, Bantama, Manhyia, Mampon, abose, Subin

Middle Simpa (Anglican church – Copa junction. road), Simpa-Oda road, Bawjiase road, Swedish SHS road

Bono Sunyani, Berekum

Firaw Hohoe's native roads, Kpeme road

36. The Government of 2021 will be the following:

• He will continue to repair the roads of this country to protect the amount of money we have invested in the concession and not free, and we will take advantage of modern technology to recover the truck truck, thereby earning money in the trucks, to further repair the trucks;

• He will programmatically determine the exact weight of vehicles that can pass through certain trucks so that they do not damage them and reduce the amount of maintenance money on the trucks; and

• He will start the papal water-dorbed project organized on this table 3.

24 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Table 3: The roles

The Project is at thelargest Phase of the Project

Dufor Addome – Asumu nnwant (39.2km) Asuare – Aveyime (23.9)eway, Dufor Adiome and Asumu antwant 63.1km and an external bridge

The bridge we are going to put on the Volivo river in the Firaw region is 1nd.

Tamale-Zabzugu-Yendi-Tamale road renovation 165.8km

Zabzugu – Nakpali – Bimbila style renovation 73.6km

Dome – Kitase style renovation 19.5km

The reconstruction of Buipe, Yapei and Daboya will take place in 3No.

Be Tema – The first half of the Aflao road is 17km

About Tema Akosombo Road 64.7km

Assin Praso – Assin Foso repair -way (N8) – Phase 2 60km

About the second half of the Tema Motorway first season (Phase 2) 1

It will provide the needed resources, through which, a total of fifty bridges will be constructed.

Kumasi's native roads and roads will be fixed at 100km.

The town roads of Accra and Tema will be closed in 100km.

Some roads in Tamale and Yendi (Northern Region), Nalerigu, Walewale & Gambaga (North East Region) and Damango (Savannah Region) will be constructed. 100km

25 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Institute of Ethical Research

4 QUALITY EDUCATION

5 GENDER EQUELITY

8 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH

High school students who are compliance with the COVID-19 policy

37. As a result of the government's guarantee that everyone will be able to access quality education, the Government in 2020 did the following:

• He continued to oversee the successful high school and adantian education education education education program beginning in 2017 and continuing to operate. He gave this country the Kindergarten (KG) to the number of 153,000 teachers trained and the number of the school assistants 290 to be able to assess the quality of the Kindagaten to the quality of the standard 6 course;

• Superintendent accepted the 956 textbooks based entirely on new curriculum. The second stage of the curriculum for secondary education was also closed by the House of Commons council (cabinet);

• He built twenty (20) libraries throughout the country thereby giving the national library capacity to ninety (90), renovation of a Government owned library to reach (10), and thirty-three (33) secondary school libraries to further read and study;

• Government allocated resources to hundreds of thousands of teachers in all parts of the country, back to trained teachers, county and county trainers

26 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: "End operations for the bottom line and continue with the rest of the country's economy"

Four and eighty-six (4,086) of all parts of the country, were reassigned to hundreds and fifty-two (152,000) teachers for training on the new curriculum. ;

Government bought eight hundred and forty-eight pickup trucks and a total of three hundred and fifty buses (350) for educational workers. Then, government also bought 2,000 motorcycles for educational supervisors (circuit supervisors) to help improve their performance;

Government oversight led to the increase in the number of high school enrollment rates from eight hundred and thirteen, four hundred and forty-eight (813,448) in the academic year 2016/2017 to one million, two hundred and eighty-eight (200,580) in the academic year 2019/2020; then

The government invested in the necessary curriculum for education in the Faculty of Famekwa High Schools in order to accommodate all the affected people:

Government completed a total of one thousand, one hundred and nineteen secondary schools that had started in 2017; then

Based on the program called the Safe Schools Educational Development Program (Secondary Education Improvement Programme - SEIP), the government finalized the twenty eight (28) number of non-existent local High Schools (Day School E-Blocks).

38. In 2021, the Government will be the following:

He will train eleven, nine hundred and ninety-seven (11,997) instructors with 6 KG-standards for the new curriculum (Standard-Based Curriculum) and then provide ninety-five thousand (95,000) teachers in the curriculum for the Common Core Programme-CCP).

He/she will ensure that every National Examination A Undergraduate (National Standard Assessment Test- NSAT) is the first for two standards (Primary 2) and four standards (Primary 4) students;

27 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

He will continue to monitor the construction of nine Vice Arts Training Center (TVET) and ensure compliance with the Fakekwa High School (Free SHS program); and then

He will continue to build a physics, Engineering, Engineering, Social Science and Mathematics Academy (STEM Centres) (20) in all over the country to help complete the study of the government's vision of physics (Science), Engineering (Technology), Engineering (Engineering), Social Science (Arts) and Mathematics (Mathematics).

Conclusion

39. In 2021, the Government will continue to support projects, ensuring continuity of developmental projects, agriculture, industrialization, and private sector projects. For this reason, we are asking all citizens to take part in the national reconstruction step as we continue to work hard for the country to move forward, so that we can benefit from our efforts.

40. God bless Adeheyeman Ghana

28 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Glossary of Terminology (Financial System terminology)

One District One Factory (D1F): This is a set of technologies to open up in the district and thus enhance infrastructure in Ghana. This is to ensure that businesses in the country get jobs done by all Ghanaians in the country.

Statistics (Accountability): This represents the Government's accountability of citizens for its activities and also the reports of various steps it has taken. This includes finance and various government-run properties for the general public.

Fund allocation (Allocation): This is the process of splitting public funds for the various departments and agencies of the Government for use to the public.

Problem-nosing (alleviation): This is a way of mitigating the effects of a problem.

Natural philosophy, Indigenous Communication skills, Technology and Mathematics- BSTEM (Basic Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics): This is a set of expressions used to represent these types of subjects. We use these words when designing a system in education and developing a curriculum that helps to improve education in this regard.

Financial Systems (Budget): Financial systems represent a Government-designed strategy for making money and for making that money. For example, a family can make a budget using it to determine the amount of money they have and the number of things the money needs to be spent in order. It can include rent, water and electricity bills and food bills. If you need enough money, it will be necessary for the family to seek extra or even borrow some of the money.

29 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

There is A Golden Rule in the Financial System (Budget defit): This happens when the Government's use of money goes further than what the Government has actually received.

The Fund for Development (Capital Expenditure): This is a form of funding for development projects such that may include road construction, schooling, hospital construction, bridge-holding, transport, water, major appliances etc.

Executive compensation (Compensation of Employees): This is the monthly salary of employees, various currencies, social security funds, transport funds etc. that are paid to Government employees.

Development Sponsors (Development Partners): This represents States or agencies that support States which are now in the process of developing their development objectives. This could include a number of categories such as the Universal Fund Fund- IMF, the World Bank (World Bank), the African Development Fund (African Development Bank) etc. It can also be a number of private countries such as Germany, Nigeria, the United States, and its affiliates.

The Rate of End Year inflation (End Year Inflation): This is an average price of goods up in the month of December in a specific year.

We have overdrafts (Expenditure Overrun): This happens when the various types of funds we have invested above what we have allocated in the budgets passed by parliament.

Fire-Founding Act - ESLA: (Energy Sector Levies Act).

Quarantine (Evacation): This is the process of transferring masses from one place to another.

30 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Fakekwa High School (FREE SHS): Fakekwa High School is another Government initiative proposed by the government of Prime Minister Nana Akuffo-Addo in September 2017 that any JHS student who performs in probation will have an entrance in High School to study for free.

The Financial Decision Resolutions Act (Fiscal Responsibility Act): This is a set of rules that fall under the auspices of the Government and define how money arising from taxes should be used.

Funding for Government (Grants): These are a variety of fund grants that Development Assistants will fund Government-sponsored non-profits.

Payments made to various Government Enterprises (Grants to other Government Units): This stands for money, is regulated by law to be paid to the District Legislative Fund’s “DACF”, the Lorry Fund’s “Road Fund”, the Education Fund’s “GETFUND” and the Fire Service Fund’s “Petroleum Related Fund”.

The value of All Federal Product (Gross Domestic Product (GDP): This denotes the value of all products produced in this country over a given period of time.

Foreign currencies A Nation has (Gross International Reserves):This is a measure to determine how a country's financial strengths to be able to purchase goods from abroad are at a given time. This helps us to compare a country's finance with one another's.

inflation (Inflation): This represents the increase in the number of activities and commodity prices over a given period of time.

Movement A To eradicate Poverty - IPEP (Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Program): Movement A to eradicate Poverty

31 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizen Financial System

The theme: "End operations for the bottom line and continue with the rest of the country's economy"

The project is one of the dominant activities in NPP Government programs with the most common goals of developing development into rural areas, especially the poor regions and thus the social welfare gap between rural and rural areas has changed.

Loan-Tax (Loan Repayment): This is a loan from different countries and banks for reimbursement purposes. These may be those in this country or abroad.

Factors that contribute to national financial stability (Macroeconomic targets): These are the basis for measuring a country's financial effectiveness. An example of this is economic development, increase in inflation, employment opportunities, national and international trade efforts, just like the government's budget or other factors and how the decisions made by the Bank of Ghana will affect prices at the national level.

Small Enterprise Development Project - MSME (Micro And Small Business Development Programme): Small Business is a private sector that is able to recruit a small number of people with less than a specific amount of money on which the project is based.

The Diversity of Information Systems (Miscellaneous Provision): This is a section of each agreement or concert that deals with the types of information that can happen and the process to be taken during the course of the agreement/content movement.

Problem-nosing Systems (Mitigating Measures): This is a set of systems used when a problem has occurred and they want to alleviate the effects.

The National Affiliate-NABCO (Nation Builders Corps): This is a very new idea that the Ghanaian Government has announced that it will allow young people who graduate from the university to work in private or in government projects to help improve their skills.

32 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Liverihood challenges have occurred in the past few days, and this has helped them find ways to manage the finances of the country.

The National Task Force for Small Scale Industry- (National Board for Small Scale Industries- NBSSI): The National Task Force for Small Enterprises is a non-profit public company and was rather a subordinate body under the Ministry of Trade and Industry, which is governed by law to ensure the effectiveness of Small Enterprises and Housing (Micro and Small Enterprises (MSSes).

The value of the country's commodities, which do not include the Golden Rule (Non-Oil Real GDP): This is the value of all the commodities in this country that do not include some of the money from various oil projects, which have been based on inflation.

Non-exempt income (Non Tax Revenue): This is Government income free of charge. Some of the pre-licensed payments a person has made are the fees we pay for other things such that they may not be worth a penny.

Debts by Government (Outstanding Requirements): Debts by Government is a sum that the Financial Services Authority must pay for various Government Enterprises and then, outstanding debts as of 2016 which are regulated by law that Government must pay to various Law Funds.

The amount A is allocated We shall need to use it (primary balance): This is the amount outstanding after the Government's interest in all those interested in obtaining it to implement it, without borrowing any money, (that is, the outstanding loan that the Government will pay out). The method we use to calculate this was to replace it at a percentage of the value of all Federal commodities.

33 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

The National Financial Stability Reform Program - PFMRD (Public Financial Management Reforms Project): The goal of this financial management reform is to improve the quality of financial management, develop financial stability in the area of financial development and ensure fair management of Government of Ghana's funds at the right time. These budgets, through the implementation of policies and the training of specific financial services providers, help to improve the financial management system, and also help us to make financial use of the necessary financial resources and then, help us to make better use of our services for the benefit of the people.

Target economic development (Projected Growth Rate): This is how the Ghana economy is expected to improve in a given year.

Individual Enterprise Financial Support

(PFI): Private Finance Initiative.-

Revenue A Government (Revenge): This is how much money the Government gets from its various activities in this country and abroad.

Animal A Caused Services - RFJ (Rearing For Jobs): This is a new Government of Ghana development initiative that will implement the mining project and provide income in order to increase the number of small scale mining products for the people to eat and reduce the number of small scale mining activities in the country, thus increasing the prevalence of jobs that will be made available to the public for the benefit of all stakeholders.

Social Aid Funds (Social Benefits): This is a form of government-funded compensation for water, oil and electricity companies to Ghanaians.

Golden Rule (Subsidy): This is a form of financial support from the Government to relieve citizens from a little burden to calm them down.

34 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

The theme: “End operations to be steady and continue with the rest of the country’s economy.”

Activity tracking (Surveillance): This is a way to follow something and watch it happen.

This is not (Transparency): This is to allow the Government to inform citizens about what is going on and hear all reports from time to time.

Teaching and Learning Resources -TM (Teaching And Learning Materials): These are organic and non-living resources or as a set of people or other creatures used by a teacher in teaching and learning in order to help bring the teaching and learning goals to an end.

Product and Service currencies (Use of Goods and Services): This is how much money the Government pays for its role and role it does to the public.

Product tax (Value Added Tax (VAT): This is a tax imposed on various types of commodities in any case.

35 Government of Ghana - 2021 Citizenship Finance System

CC 2021. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance