SEDIE OKOTO'BENYA

A woman gave birth to her child; she sent it and said "I am not going to die". Osei, “Stay with your pan’in.” The day after the she sent him she said, "I am not going to tell you." And yet he says, "Way water for me." Osei, “I don’t agree.” And when his old age is over, he says, “Stay away from it and you will see it.” The soldier said, "I'm going to go and see 'I'm dancing'." And he got 'on his way, and he went home heirlood! heirlood! Then, when he got to a town, he saw an old woman sitting there. Seeing him, she pushed him back. The old woman says, "My grandmother let me come back and see you." and then he got dressed; the old woman said, "What is it that you have not bathed, if it is all right?" He said, “That’s what I am sitting with him, that’s how I am, that’s how you’re going to see me, that’s how I feel, that’s how I feel.” And the old woman said, "Here I am." He said, “Go and pluck a yam at the beginning; at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, he will say, ‘Move me, move me,’ and at the same time, he will say, ‘Move me,’ and then he will say, ‘Move me.’ Osei, “Ho!” True to his word, some of the people of the town say, "You must love me, You must love me, You must love me" and others say, "You must not beat me, You must not beat me." Asamoah insulted me. And she brought it; and Abewa said to him, "There is a raise on fire." She was carrying it on her head, and some of it, it was finished, and it was lying on her face. And he said, "Go and stand on top of the wall, and then, pick on it and it'll be yours." And the soldier took a baobab and put it on the yao tree. She ended up fighting in front of Aberua. The old woman said, "You done it?" He said, "Nana, ae." He said, "You will burn the fufu." The old woman has gone mad; she said, "I'm going to buy some apples and you're going to have to buy them." Akoda said, "Here-be! If people are blind, is it you are blind; if this is sick?" This is not based on memory. She has gone and fought and done; she has had a small child. The old woman said, "If you are strong, do not be strong, you are clean." And it happened, pass! pin! pin! and he finished and fell on it, 'to fight against the old woman. The old woman said, "My grandfather, give my name to me and eat." Osei, "Your Old Nana." He said, "Eye! I didn't see it." Asamoah didn't eat it. He does it in eight days. And one day the soldier went to fetch water. When he saw her, he said "Amen! someone's son, and your phone is good?" He said, "A elderly man who I listen to, I cook food for him, I say, 'Give my name and be eaten; I say, give thanks to Attawa,' he says, 'Well! he didn't see it,' and he ate it, so I'm having my phone." Anda Okoto said, "With old woman Mosono." The soldier said, "Ho." He carried his arms. "You are the same, don't forget." he said. And the battle broke out, one stood by and said, "The old woman is called Mosono, Mosono, Mosono." When he got to the outskirts, he forgot, and he suffocated and ran away, and went home. The old woman said, "Where are the strawberries?" He said, "My child, I was lost in the pit." He said, "Add it." He took a cockroache; and she said to him, "Now you come?" And he said, "The name you told me, I was going to get lost, and my child will ask." She said to him, "Adena Mosono." And he said, "Ho." He didn't stop at home and he said, until he got home and took a bath. The old woman said, "War galamsey has burned down. He made another sacrifice, and he brought food to the woman's face and she said, "Regist my name and eat it." He said, "You are old-fashioned." He said, "I say good name." He said, "Your good name?" The old woman said "No!" He said, "You're Asamoah's Mosono." Grandpa Abewa said, "Let's eat." Asamoah took a nap, and Aberawa took a walk, saying, "I only go to the same person who told you I owe Mosono." And when he went to fetch water, he went to Obonto Ya, and said, " Wo, Bono, your Bono, and you told my grandfather that I owe Mosono to Mosono?" He said, "You don't trust me." The old woman looked shy and said about her, "Did you care 'no, 'no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, so, 'so, so you told my grandfather that I owe Mosono?" He said, "You don't trust me." She complained that Okoto was living there. He said, " Wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo He said to himself, "No! I am the one who told him, and why have you made someone cry like that?” She was angry and reserved for the corpse, raised it, and threw a stone at Okoto. It's that he went far enough. The previous message was out after Okoto. And he went on to say good-bye and he threw a stone at Aberwaa's bedroom. This is how old people are. If this is the case with me, believe in him, and do not accept me.