We don’t say, she shouldn’t say

OBA 'KASE NATION'

A man has four children, and they have four children. The breadwinner is silent about something. He doesn’t know anything about it, and the brothers said, “We can’t stay with him, so he doesn’t leave our house.” Asamoah used to tie a seatbelt. Her town is far from home. He was dancing, playing about it. Oba'an'in is living with his other children. He got up one day, went to the farm, and looked for some room to live in. She said, “Hwana?” The soldier didn't respond. The child went for a walk; she lifted her armpit and said, "Let's go home." The soldier went on his way home. The child said to his children, “You never laugh at my beauty, and you give me a knife to keep me from releasing it.” The child does not know how to fight animals, so he is crazy. And he took the knife and took it and sat it down. If a palm tree is eaten by a farmer, it says that it does not eat, and we ask him "What?" He said, “if you don’t like me, don’t put my hair on me.” The son went to the movies with his children and we were able to sit on the skins and pay the bills with his hair. He was bitten by a cat, and it fell down. “You must not give me a haircut,” he said. Adesa says, “You don’t give me a haircut.” Now that our phones are small And one day, the foolish woman said that she will hate him; she will come to him with her brothers and serve him She said, “Who did you call?” Someone told her the same story that we had told her, her children, "Don't tell her, 'What stupid person does she know?' He said, "I say." She told him, "O! help us to go to my homeland.” He and his brothers took the animals and the hair of his head, they put it in a 'stupid town'. When we got to his hometown, one of the animals said to him, "Come sit down and sit down and play a little." He went to sit on it, and sang to it, saying:

“My mother gave birth to my 'Giant' child, Hurotom.

My father gave birth to my 'Giant' child, Hurotom.

This is my fiancé, Hurotom. This is my fiancé, Hurotom.

This is the birth of my 'Giant' child, Hurotom.

This is my babysitter, Hurotom."

Foxes have played in the past, and 'stupid' child told him, "Let's go and collect your hair." He reached home with her; she said, "Just put my hair on me." 'There's a fool's child who says, "You are on my ear that you are listening', covers it before I shave your head at the payroll." There was an increase in poaching; if he were to cover it, he would again oppose it. Then don't hide from the animals. He said, "Father, I don't like you so much, so take me over, for me alone." Asamoah said, "Kore, by the way, I've taken it." Then, someone struck a porcupine and said, "I thank you, I thank you, I thank you, and I'm 'stupid'. So when you say to your children, Pay attention to us so well, and you don’t know why they need to have a baby.

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.