We don't say, don't say

AKOKOA KWASI GYNAMOA

AKOAKOA Kwasi Gyanyanifoa has eight cousins, we have no husband, and we are all so far as to go somewhere to marry. Baby Kwasi's cat said, "I'll go with you." We're saying, "We're yours." The presiding officer said, "Your children are ours, and if we 'reach' and when news of it comes to us, he has left it for us." Yɛsiim and Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa's funeral. We’ve got to some point, and it takes a lot of money; it takes a lot of money; it takes a lot of money; and it takes a lot of money. Ye're saying, "E! How are we going to be able to cross these waters?" Babies Kwasi Gyinamoa used a bucket of honey to make two cups of water for drinking water, and we went on drying. We've got to a certain town; the town is relatively small. Baby Kwasi's cat said, "The town is quiet, people don't know?" Then a bird said, "human beings are yours, and you are yours." One, the old woman is sitting on her feet, and the red one is 'eaten'. He saw Akokoa Kwasi's cat, and raised his head up, to put it on; he said, "My ancestors, why doesn't anyone come here to meet you?" Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "My brother doesn't have eight children, and we don't get married, and we're saying, we're going to want a husband to marry." Asamoah said "O! well done, I also have eight children. Old Nana Aberwa sent her grandmother to call her children. Yes, they said, "This is my husband," and said, "This is my husband". After we got married, pregnant women took a drug called "dark", and compared it with her children's. They went to bed with him in the middle of the night. Akolego Kwasi Gyinamoa was also the dream of an old woman. By night, the old woman threw her teeth at him to death. Baby Kwasi's cat said, "E! e! e!!" The old woman said, "Aden?" Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "If I have a town, don’t touch me on this day without my teeth, and that cuts the yam to put on my fire, and he has gone on a journey to fetch water for my mouth." Nana Aberawa simpaed into the water, and Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoah took the disease from the old woman's children and brought it to the fore in order to raise the siblings. The old woman got out of the water-level and said, "I don't want to drink the water." The baby Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "War has gone through thick and thin. How long do you stay away from me? The old woman smiled and ran out of water; it was very clean. he bales and took off the yam and gave it to Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa to eat, and he drank the water on it. Now, she lay down and sleeps. Nana Aberwa yawn; she said "I am o!" He killed his father-in-law and made him own grave, and he squeezed the hen and the hen and the hen and the hen and the young and the young and the young and the young and the young and the girl and the young and the girl and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man and the young man She danced and killed him eight days ago. He doesn't know that he owns his children and kills us. In the early hours of the day, Nana Aberwa went skiing to farm. Baby Kwasi's cat told our siblings about our lives. Nana Aberwa came from a very small field. Baby Kwasi's cat said, "Nana Aberwae! Old Nana! if you are not a fool, have your children killed? I am the same as my siblings." Nana Aberawa said, "Don't do something, don't know your dog." Okoye, and Nana Aberawa turned it into a girl, and took a vow to Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa's town. He said, "The person who can bring a funeral to perform the funeral is married to me." People in our town are not strong; we cannot. Baby Kwasi Mmabila's mother-in-law. He said, "I married you." Baby Kwasi's cat said, "I'm married to you." He was married to his uncle. He has a fight with her in bed, and he chases her away with a smile. The girl said, "Boy Kwasi's cat, you take two eyes and I'll drive it back." Baby Kwasi's cat said, "Go and eat your dog." Adeekyeɛɛ, ye're saying, "Young man, enjoy your life." He said, "I'm okay." We're 'noisy, we're sick, and we're sued'. Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa knew that Nana Aberawa's grandfather was missing, so he took a goat and broke his farm, and went to the town of Nana Aberawa. He reached the limits of his poverty. Asamoah said "Aden?" He said, "My husband and I are the son of E', when he got to the mountain, he began smashing his eyes and throwing them away." "Good morning, Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa," said Nana Abrewa, "they take a left eye and this is the right eye, this is the one. At the same time, you say, 'I'm serious, I'm serious' Baby Kwasi's mother-in-law read, she said, "Nana Aberwaa, my brother-in-law is my father-in-law and I owe him one. Asamoah said to Abena, "Don't believe in yourself." Baby Kwasi's cat came to 'home' and set his eyes on the other side of the house. He said, "I'm serious, I'm serious," and he was positive. Autumn, kɔda do not stand in the rain. Baby Kwasi's cat said, "I'm not married." We're saying, "Are you nervous?" We said it, and it was angry, and wet. she poured out the drink of the water, Nana Aberawa! He said, "I've got you," and took him to his hometown. and Nana Aberawa fought and took kente and put it on fire. He said, "I'm going to quit my country; I'm going to go swimming, and I'm going to kill Baby Kwasi's cat." She has put on pomade, and the cock has reddened and pounded fufu! poo! Old Nana said, "What did you finish?" Osei, "Towndown." He said, "Let me have a drink." He said, "They'll open me." He said, "You will fight." He said, "No, I don't bite." He opened her and she came from Bawye; Abena's grandfather is also father-in-law. Infant Kwasi Gyinamoa took a hatchet and hit Nana Aberawa's grandfather, killing him. Nana Aberawa's grandfather was born with a son, and she was brought up by him. Nana Aberwa came; she said, "What are you from here?" He said, "Boo Kwasi Ginini bird I killed him; I've put him on fire." Nana Aberwa is the one that is good, and he made it plain that:

"Young man, you've killed Akofo Kwasi Gyinamoa, No, you'll get one."

Have you finished eating the food; we are not eating. Old Nana! those soups are dirty! humour! Baby Kwasi's cat said, "Your grandfather's hair is yours." Old Nana Agrada said, "What do you say?" He said, "I say the salt of these channels doesn't know." Asamoah said, "Part of the fight has come." A quarrel broke out. After dinner, Nana Aberawa said, "Then bite me and kill Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, my grandfather is coming." He ran and took money to make himself comfortable. Then Nana Aberawa smiled at him. He said, "A! This child is going ahead of you as a babysitter. The soldier said, "Why do you know that Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoah is going to kill eight of my brothers? Why do you hurt me? Grandpa Abewa said, "Open your mouth." Then the soldier went to the house. Ononna's clean. He said, "Let me have a little sleep." Akolego Kwasi Gyinamoa picked up a shovel. When he got to school, he raised an old man's flag and taught him how to play the piano. Then he said, “Nana Aberwaa! Old Nana! I am with him, Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, I'll kill your grandfather again, and then I'll take your money.” Nana Abrewa said, "I remember your face as a babysitter, we eat, we eat you one, I am going to be the same with you." And two of us went to sleep, Kwaku! kitten! kitten! When Babo Kwasi Gyinamoah got to his hometown, he gave the money to his family, set out and fought on his way, and Nana Aberawa continued. And if you walk in the right direction, you will be able to “push!” And Nana Aberawa is the one who sent Baby Kwasi Gyinamoa.

What I have said is that, if it is not for him, you can’t forgive him, and you can’t blame him.