We don’t say,’just like him.

SEDIE KONKUSA BASIC

It is good that a hot-tempered person goes into the bush'; he will be jealous of some people's nations and 'People, Osei, Osei, Osei, and Kusei'. The crooked people saw the flames, they said, "The Father's anger will catch me." They said, "The Father will pick me up." The anger said, “My children, if you don’t come with me, you will get me,” he said. They said, "Here is mine." They said, "Here is mine." “I wish you all,” he said. Indeed he took off the staff and went home. One day, there is anger, and Osebɔ has caused many problems. He said, "Father, this is my thanks to you that has pleased me, I thank the Appiahs." He used twelve metres to cook the yam. He was angry and heart-to-heart-to-heart-to-heart. "There is no anger with you and there is no hunger. He said, "Father, do you want money?" Angryly, "Ho! adentariate, as 'the time of the person's time." Autumn came to save the money that God had given him. He dug a hole in the room, went around the house, took God's money and stuffed it, and brought a Mallam. She was angry and said "I thank you Aku." Asamoah was the same. One day there is, she will say, "Ago!" "Amen!" Man is better; he said, "I am angry with my father." He said "Your brother o!" He said, "Here is the wine I will give you." Father is angry, saying "I don't want, and a human being likes me, if I don't give birth, look at what Osebɔ has brought me, look what Kusie has brought me. A man took hold of his hand and went to meet God and said to him, "Your missing money, if it is Kusie who will take it to fight for the Blood." God said "No?" He said, "Nana horooro." God took out anger and started angry with the angry man. We've got fun of him! Then, when he got to the road, he said to his boss, "Young men, I am laughing at you guys and picks me up." The anger said, "No, the cowardly person will run away." He said, "O! if I don't go away, and if you want to, turn my ear around and bite me alone." The anger is listened to, and it is corrected. When it was stretched, she made good on her own, and Aboatua fruited. He said, " take my friend and run, and take your hand and stand in the sun,' and say to him, "I am going to kill you, the Kings' mako says 'come to wife'; if I say this, you will see people standing in a church, and they are shouting, 'I give you my medicine,' and if you are to become a soldier, it will become difficult for him." The anger said, "I thank you Aku." The palm wine tapped and the palm wine tapped and the palm wine tapped before God and Ko'tire, and Akowam', and Adonten, and Gyase, and Kyidom'. He said to himself, Okyemɛɛ the ruler that you have replied well, we will live among the children, and, shame! push! We said, "Aden?" We said, "God bless our wife and she has given birth." People don't depend on it. Now, when he got angry, he said "A! If I am not a prisoner, don't come with me." A slave is good, and a slave is bad, saying, "You should not give the slave in accordance with the law." This is messed up. Asamoah said, "If you punish my son for something, and he doesn't die, I'll catch you with your head." The anger said, "I have heard a rumour." The anger said, "Naa, the thing I mean, if you get it, it's up to me to kiss him." We said, "What food do you eat?" He said, "Konkonsani blood is what we donate to it." We said, "Consulate blood that we get from?" A wise man of Okyama said, "and a slave who says to God that anger has come to steal the money of God, where do you come?" We said, "Your help, your help." We fought for the rights of the child. The anger said, "Don't put your hand on her and give her to me to donate blood." Now it's broken. The angry man took the blood and poured it on the Queen's son. He is on his way now. We said, "You don't approve of Constipation." We said, "OK!" God said, "I hold you with my head and don't kill you, and don't cut your meat and break your bone." We killed him, cut him short, and threw him into an open pit. That is, there is a lot of gossip about people.

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.