We don’t say, she shouldn’t say

A BASUM IS BASOM. BAA'home

THE elephant is a creature of habit and we sit on four. We need it, and we need it to fight it. If anger goes into the bush, let it go! A child who has been fighting in the rain of the rain, has been mentally unstable for a long time. And be kind to yourself and his wife asked him, “I believe that if you kill meat that you build, and you sell it, then if you don’t go to the bush and you don’t bring meat, I’m going to my town.” It is the anger that went into the bush. He walked barefoot; he saw nothing but a cat. He said, “E! I have not suffered.” Then he says he will regret that he is walking along the line. He said, "This watch has eaten me and killed you." He was followed by anger, avoid it! quell! quell! He pulled back and fell to the bottom of a tree. He said, "Nana Tano, I have to wait for you, and I am angry." She was angry and said, “I don’t know what my name is Tano, and I’ll give you all for my wife.” Tano took off, and he heard his voice and said, "Wretched out and pick me up at home, and I am the only one who will benefit you." He became furious and scared. He had her bear on her. He brought her up, and she came to meet death. He said, "Wretched, where do you take me? He was angry and said, "I have had a good time. I want meat to go and eat ', I have gone to see Otu, and when I killed him, he continued to eat; I say I don't know anything. This show asked me to take it home and there is a lot of value to him." Death asked Tano, "You go to the house, and you know that everyone is bad and I bring my first girlfriend to him, and he will not blame anyone for it, so you go to the house, don't tell me about her; if someone is sick and I don't take her, I have told you and you have taken my vengeance, and I don't want the reconciliation, only blood, and you have a good meat." He said to his father-in-law, "But I have heard that you are in charge of me." He was angry with Tano and brought home. It is from God that he sang and adopted a song. If she is suffering from asthma, we will bring her to the Tano. He said, "You will die." Indeed he is dead. He said, "Don't you work, and bring this and this." You gave a hoe, she said, "I'm going to laugh for you." And because of the things we need to do for Tano, you are strong indeed. This is to ensure that gods are good; to plant and to plant and to plant again his children.

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.