We don’t say,’just like him.

THE LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA COURTSHIP IN DAGBON

It has to do with a very dry heart, and Kwaku Ananse says he likes to eat meat and some fruit and some fruit. He came to fetch water, he pounded people; as for the people who attacked us, we are in bloom. And Ananse went to the brewery and we stopped at the tears. Kwaku Ananse said, “Have you drunk some of my rules?” The mangoes said, "Come on." Ananse went, went to see if we were to keep our heads clean and we were to clean. The gossiper said to Ananse, “Have you seen what we have done to make fun of you, why have you done something?” Ananse said, “I can’t bear it, and you give it to me.” This tuberculosis does give it a lot of money. Kwaku Ananse and the twins were in a hurry. And the harps were beautiful and the harps gave it to the song:

“Discharges are dirty water, we are used to wet the head and wet the water, we are dirty the water.”

Ananse said, “I don’t like this song, do I?” The mangoes said, "There's a hole in it." And this is what happens to:

“Discharges are dirty water, we are used to wet the head and wet the water, we are dirty the water.

What does a male child need to do to be able to drink water?

Palm wine is also good for drinking water. I have no equal in the mouth of the water with my head.

it is wet with water."

Ananse ends, and the palm wine tappers tell her, "We've got meat, we've got some kente for you, we've got to go, we've got to go, we've saved your head and we've gone; and we've told you that as soon as you sing this song, you've got a seatbelt and you've got a seatbelt." Ananse said, "With the many gifts you have given me, with my will, and with my song, what is it?" The mangoes said, "Well, excuse me." Ananse simmelon is cooked. The constitution has been drawn up and we are in agreement. So when the tuberculosis arrived, we had to:

"Discharges are dirty water, we are used to wet the head and wet the water; we are dirty the water."

And Ananse heard the song and gave it to him:

"The male monkey bought something for her to drink water?

it is wet with water."

He's just closed, and he's kept his head closed. Ananse gave him a price. Osei,

"Foreign e! agitate e! My head is smarter than you! And when the telephone rang, we said, "For the first time, what we have said to him, he didn't listen to us and he called us, let us stand alone and listen to what he has to say." Ananse soon learned how to ride a horse and bring it. He said, "Puo! Father, my head aches, so please, I have done nothing to greet you except me, I have made you happy, and you must continue with me." The wine tapped, and we continued with it. We told him, "When you sing this song again and again, when you call us, we will not answer, so go." The tuberculosis are very red. We used to sing the same song. Then spider rescinded his head and he smelled the t.z., abscess! and he has raised it up. He said, "Foot e! agitate e! calm down! Call a call, and be quiet!" Then what Ananse did that was wrong, he made it known to them that he was guilty of murder, murder, and that he was guilty of theft, murder, and murder. He said, "I can take it, and when it happens to me, I'll give it to you." This is to see Ananse and she has a slight headache; it is because of disobedience.

If this is the case with me, if it is not the case with me, just take one and give it to me.