We don’t say,’just like him.

A SE'YOYE A LIVING ARE THE BEARER OF THE LIVING AREA

KACO ANSE went to God's place to protect him from the typhoon. God said, " Can you cast a spell on us?" Ananse said “Here! I am God said, "The Measles will be like the Kokofu, Bekwai, Asumengya fruit, we won't be able to fight, and will you be the Kwafwiaban? Ananse said, “What are you doing for me?” God said, “Let us not beat children except, Aboa One, Osebɔ, Mmoa, Measles.” Ananse said, “I am going to bring some things, I am going to pick up my old lady, Six, and I am going to pick it up.” God said, "Let there be war in you." Ananse gave birth, saying to her, "Thank you, I want you to pay me, and God says I don't give Asamoah, Osebɔ, M Mmoatia, M Mmɛmuro law, and I say, I owe you to God." And Ananse asked his daughter, “Who are you going to see?” Asamoah told him, "You go and cut the tongue and cut it in with you and bring it." And Ananse gave it. Asamoah said, "Go into the water". And with the letter Ananse, he said, "It is better, it is better; they help, it is better." Ananse said, "That's the man." Someone said, "Aden?" Ananse said, "It is not all right that he argues with me, that this bongo is taller than you are, and I say it's helpful." Someone said, "Come on, come and think about me." He put the ton on Tonic. He said, "Get in." Someone pulled him in, and spider hit him on the bone,wine! yell! yell! and it happened to me. Ananse said, "Wretched, I'm your battle for Anyancons. " Ananse gave him a fight for the God. God said, "I have received it, I have said it." Ananse returned to her mother's arms saying, "It is too bad." His wife said, " fetch a water pot, fetch water', and fetch it out." Ananse went to the villages looking for the Mites more, and she poured some of the water and poured it on the Mites. Ananse poured the rest of the waste on himself and cut the blode-hane to cover his head. Then he said to the children, " And the others said, "We thank you Aku, we thank you Aku." The potatoes don't carry a gun to drink; you are not allowed to drink. Father Ananse paid. He said, " communally I have seen you, I have taken over your fight for Anyankons. " He handed over war to God. God said, "I have received it, I have said it." Ananse came again, they told his wife, "Ama says Oseibo." Asamoah said, "War galamsey has erupted." Ananse said, "Stop and see." This Ananse went to meet Osei Kwene and moved a tower, covered it, and came home. In the morning, Ananse says war, one, the elephant is sleeping and the other is sleeping. Ananse said, "Agyawa's child! Anawa 'bao! If I have told you not to drink wine, I have made you really go and drink wine, so your teeth are set on edge'; if I have to shout and you have to see me again, if I have to, then you have to go and catch him." He says, "O! my teeth." Ananse fought and cut two trees, put a bauxite here, and put a bauxite here He said, " put your hand around here and put your hand over here." It was a cloudy day. He says to the other person Ananse has given him a knife, and he will give it to his gods, and his head is dirty! Oseibo pleaded guilty to his murder! Ananse took the ladder up to fight against Oseiboo. When war broke out on Oseibon, he said, "Thank you for your fighting, except Anyankonsom." He lifts an axe, fight for the God. God said, "I have received it, I have said it." Ananse gave birth to Akua's child, and she gave birth to Aku's child; she was angry, gave some to the Aku's son', and got angry with him for a long time; she sent Akua's child away, and she took him until he fell down to where the animals would play. There were alligators in the sewers. He said, "Akua, I don't have anything like this?" and Ananse pulled the rope, and the child of Akua got stuck in the head alone. The cat said to its brother-in-law, “He says I don’t have one.” He said, " Eat some of it." After he had eaten the food, he thanked him. He is silent. The Mt.E. said to his brother, “Thank you,” he did not respond. The cat's brother told him "The stone is dark." And he did,hip! His arm dangled uselessly. He said to his brother, “I have received my hand.” He said, "Recover the balance, and turn it back." And she hit him on the head! and remove it. Asamoah told his brother, “I’ve got my two hands on it.” He said, " Take your anger away from me." He hung it in the dark, and it covered his anger. and spider came to hold and bound him; he said, "Violently I have found you, I have taken your battle with you except Anyanconsom." And he went home. And Ananse said to him, "Yes, let us go, I will not give you any more trouble than Anyancons. " He raised us up, went to God. He said, "Here is my beloved child. Here is the old woman I have spoken with." God called Ko'tire and Akwam', and Adonten, and Gyase, and Oyoko, and Ankobea, and Kyidom. And he added to himself, "The great kings of the king have come, we cannot put up with the insults of Anyankonsom, Kwaku Ananse who has been victorious; I have taken it to Beefo; I have taken it for granted; I have taken it for granted; I have taken it for granted; I have taken it for granted; he has thrown it away; things do not stop and fall apart." He said, “You don’t agree with him.” We said, "Open!" "Kwaku Ananse, from the same voice, I greet you with an Anyankonsex!" shout! shout! we no longer call him Ananɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔn What I have said is that, if it is not for him, you can’t forgive him, and you can’t blame him.