We're not saying, 'sin' is not like him.

BARBER/CIRCUMCISER

AbaBAWA is called Kwaboaso by many people. when we gave him to everyone, he said, "I don't like him." Do this to cause anger,” he said. "Learn! He is useless, I don't like him." One day, the child went to the farm to cut bread. He stabbed me in the head with a knife' to death! If the animals were to live on the brothel; this is to say to Kwaboasom'; "If you were to give it to everyone, you would cry! sprout! And the animals drink ', say:

"You are not our daughter.

We're campaigning,we're campaigning for Kwaboaso.

You don't belong to our daughter.

We're pressing on."

and the burning anger that Kwaboaso gave him, that is, if he has heard of Kwaboaso's voice, he says,

"I fight and do not pay back evil." One, Kwaboaso and the others are campaigning for her. And the anger ostracized the animals, one after another. The game's headteacher said, "You've drunk wine and put it on before." He became angry again, and one after another. The chief of the animals said, "The hen has drunk, put it on." The angry man killed the young man for no reason, but only for the elderly man. The old man called out in anger, "Come on." She was angry and said "My kids." The cat's "pan'in" says, "O! come and I won't accept you anything." Angry eagles. The cat's 'pan'in said, "Retaliate my clan' in seeing your gun and stone that you have standing, take your thing, and add Kwaboaso, before you go around the quail and drive it, you sit down, dance and if the cat wakes up, and if you are going to catch it, before we take this tase kwadu baka, baka, and you go for a day, a day, a day, a day." And really cut the banana, and took Kwaboaso along, and when he got here on his way, he would throw a bauxite. Sarah was the first one to reach the house. And it will be a little bit late for her family, and she will ensure that there will be no livestock. And he threw the rest of the kenkey into the garden, and the animals went free and went back to the kenkey. Kwaboaso fought for his family. She got angry with her house. Then the one who is angry will look at him and say, "Amanie?" She said to him, "It is a taboo for him to continue with his/her fear that now he/she will marry you." She was angry and said, “I thank you, but the other person didn’t blame me for trying to get married, and I don’t worship him.”

So the old saying goes, "If we give you to everybody, you don’t know what you need to get birth."

What I have said is that, if it is not for him, you can’t forgive him, and you can’t blame him.