We don't say, don't say

SE YOYE A ANSE BEYE 'HIANI

KAKU ANDSE went to Nyankopɔn and said, "Let me have a little bit of fun and let me go through town once in a while." The Nyankonkonkonkon said, "You Can't Control It." Ananse said, "If I can't stand it, I'll say to you "Six, yes, I'm in my head and I'll remove it." The Nyankonkonkonkon said, "Save and fight." Ananse sim went to the town of Bakokwa. He reported in a statement, "God has sent me to take a piece of rice and take it to some place, and when my child, my child, my child, and my child, and my mother-in-law and my father-in-law." He answered with a shout, "E! and if the chicken and the rice ever become ripe, will it be good?" Ananse said, "Your diet is for you and our days." He answered with a dragon, "Wretch." In the morning, Ananse ate the o'clock and was free of rice. Ananse said, "There is a hole in the nyankonkont and the porcupine has gone out." He bravely said, "This doesn't fit my arteries so that I can fight with the chicken." Ananse fought and took a little chicken and gave it to the town to sell to sieve. When he got there, he said to himself, "My God sent me, and I will lie here, and the chicken he calls me, is the one that sleeps in the roads." He terrified, "Stretch him." In the night, Ananse went to the 'dangerous' to kill the chicken. He took a chicken and an elephant's region of the region and some great hunters and men's. In the morning, he said to his father-in-law, "Give me the chicken." If we take a deep breath for him, he has died of a chicken. Ananse said, "E! He has been killed by a single goose. He terrify, "I don't know about it, so go ahead with it." Ananse simmed the sheep. War reached the town. He went on a journey home. He said in fear, "Amanee?" Ananse said, "This is the God who sent me and the sheep he called me, and the cows he slept with." She screamed, “Ho!! give it its only days and days.” Ananse said, "No, Nyankopɔn is the only way; his cows are the ones that lie down." He said to his friend, “Please put it on.” spider gave him a fight. In the evening, Ananse went to kill the sheep with her blood and put it on the head of the cow'. In the morning of the next day, Ananse said, "He showed me how to do it." We went together; he has died. Ananse said, "He is afraid, God bless the house of the house and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house, and the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the He was afraid and said, “I don’t have any authority over it, and as for the young man who killed him, let him go.” Ananse took the cattle and sat down to reach the town. He takes the cattle to the county for a day and a day. At night he fell asleep, and we began to be afraid some of his knees were dead. He shouted, "Don't throw it away, I don't have a box." Ananse said, “I’m eating like a pig, and God told me that if I’m going to find a dead body, I’m not going to go to that place.” The people said, "No." Ananse said, “You don’t give me, and if you go and sell the cow, you’ll get a knife, and you’ll throw it into the ground.” The Muslim Scholars said, "Your support is in vain." We were having fun. Ananse gave the corpse to a local chief. When he got to the point, he said to his hero, “Let this slave of mys go to the funeral, and let it rest, and let it rest at night, so when he arrives, let the slave of the people help him.” The three recently deceased person. The day has broken with him. Then we heard something say. We said, "The child is the one who has been bitten by the sword and we will beat it." We've thrown it away, printed it! print! print! In the morning, Ananse fought his army. One, the other, is dead. Ananse said, "There is no fear in God's anger with me, and your knees are dead." She terrifies me, "I can't talk about it, and go to bed with it." Ananse said, "Unless you have this courage, then his town should not stand in the presence of God, let alone you." He terrify, "You must not stand in line with God and obey us." Ananse took the lead; the people didn't stop following him. Ananse went into the city, angered God to say that he had brought the child God to the market and he lived. And Ananse kɔkɔkɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔn open! I fight chicken with corn. Ananse is open! open! I take my chicken to collect the soup.

My den'wan battled for 'nanny, I den'n'n for 'winter', I den'winter foreclosed town!

People didn't say, " listen to Ananse's song she sang." Ananse gave it back:

"Ancese opens! open! I am armed with a corn war.

Ananse is open! open! I took my chicken and picked it up, I picked it up and picked it up, I picked it up, I picked it up, I picked it up, I picked it up in town!

Ananse went to meet God, and Nyankonkonkon asked him what his name was. Ananse said, "The hole I believed I would bring is in; it is in town that I stand." God said, "You don't agree with him." "E!! e! e!!" "What shall I give you thanks," he said. Ananse said, "I don't like anything, and I like 'padeem'." The Nyankonkonkont said, "O! o! This child is poor, and you will die, and your fighting will come out many things, you will be like a snake." That's because Ananse really needs it.

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, pick it up and pick it up and pick it up.