We don’t say, she shouldn’t say

SEY IS A’KRAMAN, COURTSHIP IN DA

OKRAMAN has it, and she is not getting married to him because of his theft. And take a red cord on a town and get a goat and get married. He's with his wife, and his 'sister' came to his town. Her husband's soul is then on her side. And his son took a gun and killed a bush-grape tree, and buried it behind the dog’s back. It took about three days, the dog went to the farm, and he ate, and the meat fell on the fire in peace. He goes to bed at night with his wife. A dog says that it is a skin rash, but it forgot to use it to carry fat in the mouth. A dog went back to sleep in the middle of the night to smell the meat The chief of the meat then took it and it won't be eaten if he takes it. O! and you got up and went to the meat, went and sat it down, and slept again. In the morning, his wife says that he's going to go to bed, and he'll have to wait for the meat to even get some sleep. His wife said, “That’s him! that's him! the meat doesn’t stop and someone else has eaten it.” A dog heard it, was ashamed, and covered its head with a cloth, and lay quiet. So he got up early in the morning, and, having come to his town, he announced that he had lived there and had died; so he should go and eat some of the medicine he had given him. The people of the town said, "Adanko is the one who has a strong hand." A poor person got to the town of Adanko in a hurry and got to the town of Adanko. He said, "Father, I challenge you; I have thrown out my sword and I have thrown it away, and we say to you that you are the one who has his weapon, so I am laughing at you for me, and I will pay you back every cost." Adanko said, "No, I don't have one, and just go and pluck some meat." A dog went to a town and, rather, got a baobab pod and brought it. The rabbits scratched, cut, and hatched three hundred eggs, salt, and salt, and put them on the fire. The meat catches fire; it is with you that you have heard it, burnt it, and burned it! The dog was smelling here. And Adanko said, “O baŋa, I’m only a one, and I’m the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the other.” Dogs run fast. Adukɔ sleeps in bed. Asamoah didn't say a word to the chief of the house. Now she has heard him again. Osei, "A Father's Addanko". Adanko said “Well!” He said, " Get out of your city, and don't keep it, so I will stop taking the meat, and stay with me." Adanko said, “Move over! I have eaten my room if I have caught my hand, and I have made a drug for you.” Dogs were fighting. Then Dog sleeps. Osei, "A Father's Addanko". He said, “Well!” He said, "The towns will loot, so I must put my trust in them." Adanko said, “I believe in the future that I will give birth to this.” A dog sleeps again; it doesn’t bite if he takes it. He said, " O father, do not put the man under this control, so I have taken the meat and put it on for the future." Adanko said, “Here we are! My room is like a future and I have made a solution for her. A dog took the knife and sat it down. He had a little water around his eyes and he was flabbergasted. He said, “E! Father Adanko is this meat, don’t put it past me, come to my head, so I owe it.” Adanko said, “Open! My room is to come in future and I have to make a solution for you.” Then it opens his mouth and he is walking around; his god is the one who calls on the tree. free! free! He said, "This meat that has been sold by Father Adanko to me is not mine." Adantiko said, “It’s your money, isn’t it?” The dog said, "I say, if the man doesn't eat, it doesn't matter to me." Adanko said no! concoct O! then the dog has given it fight. Then he fell asleep. “The dog takes the meat in the morning,” Adanko said. The dog said, “Ho! Father Adanko's father, is it possible for me to say something to you, please, let him pay me? Adanko said, “So you’re smart?” The dog said, “E! I have eaten, I have eaten.” Adukɔ said, "Your dog, it's a theft that's lying on you."

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.