We don't say, don't say

THE LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

We're Kwaku Ananse and Asamoah. One day there will be a fight on the farm; soon there will be a fire. Ananse asked for a raise. He said, "You don’t take anything and you’re lying down and you’re not going to sleep." Ananse said, "Aso, good morning." Aso gave his hand to his head, it is cold. out! out! Ananse gave her a chance to make her happy. Adeekyeɛ, Ananse went to laugh Odwan, Okra, Okraman, Akoko and Aberakie said, "Here is what I have seen, so I am laughing at you, let's go and leave me alone." The crops don't bear fruit on the crops. Ananse came to her house to build a goldsmith and put on a blouse. Yaoada Soye, fight and call the fuel that is boiling and let's stand in peace. Ye're using bridges, guns, and handles. Ananse arrived at her village in the middle of the town; the bullet has thrown away! to spoil; to spoil We'll take the game back to 'house to live' at the funeral. She handed a fight for the housefly. He finished, a battle was held in six fronts, six fronts, agod, two bridges, a stone, a broken rope, a club and a handle. what Ananse kept under her. Please turn off the alarm and turn off the alarm. Autumn, people don't eat, and we'll tell Ananse not to eat. He said, "I, Kwaku, have been dead; I haven't eaten in eight days. I don't eat, and you don't want something for my friends who I don't have and who I don't want." Asamoah wanted something to eat when the men were eating. We were good and affected Ananse. If you are by yourself, then what happened four days ago, and he takes care of himself, it won't happen. 'She is sitting at the house', and she has a scar on her head. Ananse flogs, peels, and digs the crown, disentangles some of the beans and throws them away, and then grows them again. Then Asamoah came back. He said, "Ah, I remember now, Father's town that we have not yet celebrated, so I am going now." Asamoah said, "So, this is so hard that you don't tell me; then, when you came home, you have dinner; and I am laughing at you tomorrow." Ananse said, "You don't know why you say this." Ada'a went and called a Muslim for some time to tell Ananse and she got one. The crops are ripe. Ananse saw us personally and said 'yell out':

"Now father's town is not very long.

Sworawa, You're occupied.

Saworawa, E! we're not long, we're not long.

Saworawa."

The beans have very roots in their roots. Ananse said, "I've never heard, I'm going." Ananse set out on his way and the deer followed him. He said, "You don't have to:

Now father's town is not very far. Sworawa, You're occupied.

Saworawa, E! we're not long, we're not long.

Saworawa."

Kwame, the container for the item has made him understood. If he accepts that he is in the wrong, he is not. He bought candles and beans. He was knocked down by the head and the tortoise. The spider is punctuating, soar! He said, "I thank you when you accept my apologies." And Road said, "I heard." The smell of the soup didn't give it a cure. That is to see Ananse and avoid her hair; and it started with a heart-to-heart-heart-to-heart-heart-to-heart-heart-to-heart.

What I have said is that, if it is true, do not believe it, and accept it, please don’t believe me.