THE LIVING AREA OF OPETE IN DA

OPETE and Angere are you, and Angyere say, "Let's go and cut a bridge and don't pick it up." We went to the villages in search of rain, and we went to catch a hippopotamus. “I’m the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the one who’s the other.” Agyenɛ says, "I've heard that." Agyem's father-in-law, she will strangle the kenkey and it will stand there again, and it will continue to dry. We're not far away from town.

He wants to cast a spell, which is:

Futuru! Futuru! I've got it right away!

'Peet Kwakye! I've got it right away!

Aane lay flat on his deem', which is:

Aane Kwame! Kwa! Aane Kwame! Kwa!

We are playing, play, play, and 'Nyame is right, and he sent Akroma bawye, saying, 'Ago!' We are saying, “Amen!” He said, "Thank you for sitting here playing a game and you must listen to him with rules and rules," the animals slid off into 'Foot's face, and we will play 'gong', play 'gong' and 'Nyame says, "I heard that, two games' are good, so I accept you." God bless you with two boxes, cassava coffee, some for each stone, the other for the other to be hated, the one for the other, the one for the other, the one for the other, the one for the other. 'Nyanye says, "I'm not going to pick up the two of you." She screamed, “I am the boss, and let me have a cup of coffee. When he got up, he took off what was clean, Angye took off what was ugly. We made it for you, and we went for town. Whatever we do, it is decided that he/she will punish her/her, that is, let's not beat her/him! Aane said he didn’t care, so he didn’t pay! A angry man said to him, "You must be ashamed of yourself and be ashamed of yourself and then, "You must be ashamed of yourself and be ashamed of yourself and be ashamed of yourself and be ashamed of yourself and be ashamed of yourself and be ashamed of yourself and be ashamed of yourself and be ashamed of yourself and be ashamed of yourself and be ashamed of yourself." He said, “I don’t want to go to bed yet and I don’t want to go to bed yet.” She knelt down with the towel, went to the funeral. He has gone skiing, has gone skiing, has gone skiing, has gone skiing, has gone skiing. Osei! Aanere has lost something, and how much do I have to go home?” She got drunk and wanted.

This is to say, you will ever see a 'peste', and he will swoop down and hit the ground', and he will like the dry season.

Therefore, pregnant women said that they shouldn't get pregnant.

If this is the case with me, believe in him, and do not accept me.