We don't say, don't say

SEDIE ANSE

KACO DANSE was the one who fought and told the dog, "I want you to go and make a living with you." The dog said, "I'd like that." Ananse said, "When it comes to Sundays, Monday goes for a break, I'll go for a fight for a fight. So, I take a bottle of water, and if you are on your side, you are on your side, and some that are on your side are on your side, and some that are on your side are waterless." Ananse dried some of that water; the dog was put on a stick'. We're very, we've arrived on time. Ananse said, "Let's drink some of the water." The dog said, "Save my die." Ananse added; she said "E! and this is because, where?" The dog said, "I'm sorry." Ananse said, "Well!" We don't feel like having fun, Ananse says, "Let's play with dogs." The dog said, "What game?" Ananse said,

"It's tied-up; it's tied me earlier, and I've tied you too, and you look like me' say 'Wui!' and stop." The dog said, "No, you tie me up before." Ananse said, "Think, he's telling you something and you're answering it?" "The dog said, "It doesn't bite." Ananse said, "It will comfort me." 'The dog picked a hook and placed it on Ananse's arm and tied it. She took him for allegedly to sell him. Ananse heard it, and made it cry out:

"Asamoah, I didn't get a good help for him to fire me;

This lazy dog is going to sell me.

Who's my favorite celebrity?

Pass me!

Ananse is very naïve. The dog brought him to a river. If Odenkyem has heard of the character of Ananse She gave him a dog and asked him for a dog. Asamoah shot Ananse and ran away, and Odenkyem pulled back. And Ananse said, "What about my father-in-law and I don't sleep with you?" He insisted, "We don't want anything." Ananse said, "If you have children, tomorrow I will come and leave our farms for you." He insisted, "I heard it." Ananse came to the house; she said, "There is an ear to death and a nose to death, and tomorrow I will kill Odenkyem and make it possible for us to eat the soup." A bad rain occurred, and Ananse cut her knife and was angry, so she took it and took it to water. He said, "Father, I am going to praise you!" And he took the gun and put it on drinking water. He came on time, and he said to his father-in-law, and spider picked up the cutlass and leave! and it was; and it was old. Ananse came back home. Asamoah asked him, "Where is the cat?" Ananse said, "Think; 'human beings have come to an end, you don't take his breath and you'll ask him/her for his." Assa said, "I see, you didn't get it." Ananse didn't shed a tear. In the morning, it is ready to go to the water One, the other, lies on the red, and the elephants-pocket is the one. Asamoah came back home to tell his husband. Ananse said, "If you have seen a drug I have had; if you have killed meat, I have caught it, and if you have caught it, you are going to find it!" Ananse cut seed and went to the water to catch game with Odenkyem. He introduced it and said, "Thank you for your death? Will he kill you? and he turned it back. Asamoah wasn't silent. And Ananse says that he drinks with his hand', Adankyem Paediyɛ Anansɛmɛmɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛɛ aɛ aɛɛɛɛɛnɛ aɛnɛ a Ananse, peacock! sprinkle! and he got a good chance. Asamoah was afraid that Asamoah might come to catch it again.

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.