We don't say, don't say

WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN DAGBON

we're the father of a man, and she has given birth to a daughter. She gave birth to him; if we give him to everyone, he says he is not married. Never say when a blind person is treated like a blind person, he says "No." A hen has a place in the bush, a little bit of wood. One day he has a problem, he will seem to be angry, and we talk about the girl when we give her to everyone, she says she doesn't like her. One day, he said, "I am a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a master and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a young man and a child, Indeed, he has turned himself into a young man; he is hated. He went and entered the town. O'clock and you're going to eat. When she got to the outskirts of town, she gave the child a bad name, and she smiled. One pounded a calabash, and fought against the Omaha's son-in-law. She said to him, "Why have you put tears in my eyes!" Someone said, "You are right, Amu." He said, "I'm four, 'Amu'." He said, "You're mistaken about Eson." He said, "I haven't seen 'Eson'." He said, "You are right, my wife." He said, "Be married to me." She 'birth and Death' went to 'home. Now the Queen's child has gone to someone, she says, "E! e! e! I have seen it and I like it." Osaka said "Go! Where is my bottom?" He said, "Here I am, grandchild." She knelt down to him, and he told him "Don't stay with you." He is gentle, war and his wife dreaming. Sa'a Week. Then he ate, saying, "My wife, I am going to my town' and I have come." His wife said, "Then I will go with you." Someone said no. Someone will say, said Osemaa. Stealing with husband is not easy. We're 'koro'a, and He'll suffer in the bush'. She said to him "Aden, how?" Someone said, "You're eating your mouth and you're following me." He has gone mad with her, and she has gone mad. Rainfall 'come out of the woods'. Now He has turned himself into a contributor; and she told Ohema 'baby, if I have lived a long time, and I turned and married you, and if you hear your 'nurse' and 'squeesses', you say 'Something-there is no place'; I kill you; especially my head' and it is hard for me; if you haven't got any, your food is eating." She has always wanted the best for her child. Then we’re okay, she’ll come and see that the battle is over. She knelt down to tell him "The Father has fought," and the Warrior gave her a kiss. Ado picked up his gun and loaded it. Someone said, "Short me in mind'." She said to him "You are going to kill me, my feet, you are going to kill me." Someone wants to stretch his head to show the child, and the fight has caused the 'woe' to cry, kiss! Warthog went to 'price nom' to pick up the child with the child and the child to inform the child that it was better to see the child with the child and the child, and said that the stone that killed the child was the one who killed the child. She has 'embling' upon his report. Asamoah said, "Who am I that I should sleep with you?" Ako said, "Nana, I don't really enjoy myself, and I'm eating, and I'm going to pick it up." A quarrel broke out. He said, "Thank you for remembering my name and for being a witness." If the palm tree is growing, it will produce fruit. What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.