We don't say, don't say

SE YOYE

BARBER/CIRCUMCISER, there is a large amount of water in it, and he insists that he should eat food when it is cold, Father Ananse. Osei went to a town; fight against Nana Aberawa. "My grandfather, what isn't that someone else here, and you're here?" The Tukumua said, "There is a lot of water here, and I'd like something to eat in my war." Grandpa Abrewa said, "Go to my farm', and the yam that will say, 'Move me, move me,' and the yam that will say, 'Move me, move me,' is the one that will bring him up. The weed has grown. Someone said "Move over, move over" and another said, "Move over, move over." And Ntuma turned out to be the one who said, "You must not beat me, You must not beat me". She brought him home; he smelled. And Nana Aberawa said, "Go and pluck the good food, and put it on the kapok tree's fire." The weaver hangs over the fire and he hangs on the fire. It is good, he ate and finished, and his legs have turned into good food. The Ntuma said, "I'm done, and let me walk by myself." Nana Aberawa said, "Go and tell the old people who are sitting on the tree, 'Nana Agrada says you don't stand under the tree'." The old saying goes, "If it isn't for Nana Aberwa, we will beat you."

Asamoah said, "My diet isn't my problem, and your law doesn't care about it." The animals landed to get the revenge. Nana Aberawa said, "My knife is cutting my head with the middle of the knife." The animals had been cut short by the ground. The hunter changed the feathers of a bird, and he killed an antelope, and brought fish to his town. Father Ananse found the face of the Ntoma and said, "'Piesie' kwaba." He said, "They'll catch up with me." It rained for a week. And Ananse went to take a bath; she said, "This is forbidden to me, I have eaten." "Odomankoma," he said. "Have you seen a man of noble birth?" Ananse and her wife and her children ate the yam well and went to meet Agya Ananse. Adeekye, Ananse said, "I'm a bartender." And when she sat in the house, she took the yam and gave it to him to eat. The Tukumua said, "I'm going again." Ananse said, "I'll go with you." The Tukumua said, "I am with you." If Ntukum has gone to bed, and Ananse has gone to fetch palm weevil larvae, and also palm oil and has put on the fabric of Ntukum. Autumn, early in the morning, and early in the afternoon. Leprosy, Ananse likes Ntuma, he doesn't see, he also likes fighting, he gets lost, and he goes on. One, the Ntukumua is living with Nana Aberawa. Nana Aberawa said, "Badman, did you report? Ananse said, “I am thirsty, and let me have something to eat.” "Something has happened to me," said Nana Abewa. Ananse said, "I am the one you judge, even my child's child has come to me, and you have given him some." Grandpa Abewa said, "Go to the farm', the yam that will say 'Move me, move me,' and the other one will say 'Don't move me, move me,' she's the one who drives him. Ananse said, “A! fool, and you tell me, if he loves you, do you think that I hate him, haven’t I heard from him?” And Ananse went to the farm. When he got there, one of the bees said, "You shot me, you shot me," another of them said, "You didn't hit me, you didn't hit me." And he cried out saying, ‘Must me, Help me, Help me,’ and brought it home. He has gone mad; Nana Aberawa said, "Go and pluck the good food and put some of it on the kukum's fire." Ananse said, “A! Did you tell me what kind of genius Odomankoma did, what kind of food do we have to buy, what kind of food should we take? Ananse took the good food, put it on the fire, and put the statue on it. The food's taste is good, it is bitter and its roots have become stoned, and the baobab that is put on it has turned into good food. Father Ananse said, “E! If a child has to go to this farm, it will not help Ananse fought and traded the statue, setting it on fire. The food is good, he ate and turned into a tasty soup! He said, "This old lady has eaten to me by the meat." "Go and pluck the tree, some Farms are on it, you are on your own, you are on your own." Ananse said “This is the child!” I don't have a problem with this Farm, and what is my struggle with it? “I’m the only one who’s in trouble”, said Nana Abrewa. Ananse simmelon is better. He said, "The one on the tree-branches, the one on the tree-branches, the one who has the seed is the one who has the seedlings and the one who has the seedlings that is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the The cat said, "If it isn't for Nana Abena's head, we'll hit you." Asamoah said to Abena, "That's your legal battles." Ananse said, "The old lady is not good." The animals attacked him, we'll beat up Ananse. The old woman said, "My knife 'Fashiones' cut us." Press it! The old woman said "You're a trophy!" Ananse didn't hear. Ananse changed the meat into a house, and Aberwa pulled away a moment ago. Ananse had his toe knife tied to his shoulder ' and had brought a knife to his home'. When he got to his hometown, he said, "Good morning, knife and I got it, so let's let's go to the villages'." we were 'sim' and we went to see Kkotweet. Ananse said, "Let us go and eat our harvest." Ntukuma koryeree said, "Don't scratch your teeth out." Kwaku said, "If it isn't Kwaku Ananse and his son and you, we'll come and meet you." Kwaku Ananse said, "You guys don't like that anymore, and they're not playful." Asamoah said to his father-in-law, Kwaku Ananse said, "Young lady Sekan 'Family, cut me in the head'." O! and the knife fell, and cut the animal's head off. And then it cut down trees. Kwaku Ananse said "No! What are you, I am going to cut these animals, you're done with them, and then what about these?" There was a tree that looked nice; she said "Adolescence!" Kwaku Ananse didn't hear, and the knife came to the ground, and the Ananse got up. Return it to the house. Abeekye Kwaku Ananse says we go to God. The Tukumua said, "This father's knife is very sharp." Ananse said, "Go with me'ho'ra!" The Ntukumua said, "Kor'e." Ananse sim me to God, go and tell him, "Nana, if anyone says to you, 'I am the only one who, Kwaku Ananse, I am going to cut our heads off one after the other'. God said, "This is acceptable and holy, and there is no such thing as ‘galamsey’, and there is no such thing as ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’, ‘galamsey’’, ‘galamsey, and ‘galamsey’’, ‘galamsey, and ‘galamsey’’’’’, ‘galsmsmsmsms. Ananse said, "You don't walk with your hands and pant." Now we've come. Ananse built the house on the road; Ananse asked the man, "You are the one who says you are going to go to war with God?" Ye're saying, "E! Did you eat this? The Nyankonkonkonkonkonkonkonkon 'dom' stands behind Ananse. Kwaku Ananse had told Adowa Sekan ''Halfinam's head cut to me'. What a cut of knife! hate! done. Ananse said, "It's done and done well." The knife was God's 'dom name' and it's crossed. Ananse said, "E! This is the end of the 'doms', and it ends. Ananse said, "You're mad at him." O! The 'dom' doesn't stop there! The Sekan then passes through 'air'; it's with Kwaku Ananse. He said, "Way o! Don't you hate me? Don't you have me? I'm Kwaku Ananse who came to pick you up. O! Now Kwaku's Ananse head, hate! The knife was sharp; and a hundred yen which we call “It’s right” to walk, to walk, to walk.

What I have said is that, if it is not for him, you can’t forgive him, and you can’t blame him.