We don't say, don't say

SE 'YOYE A BASUM BASIC

A woman gave birth to her baby; she has given birth to eleven children; and when she got up and had food, the baby would not bequeath. We're not getting it. And when she came here, she went to the farm and said to her father-in-law, "I will send my children one hundred and fifteen yen to your mother-in-law and bring them here to me; and if we come, give you one hundred yen to kill my children." He stood up and said, "I heard you, and I felt you." The mother cat went into the house; she told her children, "Go to the farm', sit down; call yourself, ancient laws." The weed is sinking in one piece. We've got to the Ocean. 'Dukɔ says, "Way is standing; That's standing; Esa stands; Four is standing; Six is standing; Seven is standing; Eight is standing; Nine is standing; 'Worming is standing; I'm 'Dukɔ standing." "The ink told us that, "If you don't know the same thing, then what shall we do to live on the horse?" The brothers said, "No." He said, "She has told the people of Oyina that, indeed, he will not drive us away; so stand up, don't cut your children, and put some of your blood on us." We cut down the trees, and then we threw a stone at Osei's drink, ping! pin! push! pin! He denied that the doll had come. He took out eleven of his population and put them on the ground. The child said to the porcupine, "When you see we are in a fix, the soul will not kill us." We're going to separate the horse for us. She has gone mad, o! the dolls are out now. We're saying, "E! This word comes out, I can't worship you, so I will give these stools to God." Adeekyeɛ, a fight broke out with Nyankopɔn, saying, "One day when I gave birth to us, I want to eat, I don't have one; he is hungry and it is killing me; so laughs at you, the knees are us going to fight for us, and kill us, if I have something to eat." Asamoah said "No?" The child said, "I have white brains and am red." God took out of anger, and we took some fresh pits and threw them into the ground; we took some fresh pits and buried them in the ground; we ate, drank and drank, and were covered with them. And then the anger subsided the monasteries. We've reached the pit on the other end of the road, 'Don't stand; It's stand; It's stand; It's stand; Four stands; Four stands; Seven stands; Eight stands; Nine stands; 'You stand; I'm the child's standing; you don't belong here. The brothers said, "What is the purpose of a trip to the field and let's go through the woods?" And we are also not alone, and the flowers do not deceive us. The man said, "You don't joke with your children" but didn't shut up on this road. We've shot it, and it's broken the gums! The donkey said, "When you see, we're talking about it, don't deceive you and you're talking about it. We're not going to die." The people of Nkrofu took the road, going to Nyankonkon. God has given us seeds to plant and plant these things, and when we sit on them, we will plant these things and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them, and then we will plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them, and then we will plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them, and then we will plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them, and we will plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them and plant them. The battle reached God's face. The Nyankonkonkonkonkongo said, "When it comes to stools, you stay on it." And 'Dukɔ says, 'We are the ones who can't sit on stools like this, so, Nana, we're sitting around here' Then God gave the battle cry; he said, "This day I will send you the town of death'." Adeekye called the monastery; he said, "You are the only one who survives death, and the treasurer's house, and the treasurer's house, and the treasurer's house, and the money 'send'." The man said, "We're yours, wherever you send us, we'll go." The Nyankonkonkonkon said, "You guys are idiots." The market rallied to death in the town'. We arrived; he said to death, "Why doesn't anyone come here and you come here?" We're saying, "Let's walk and come here." "Good morning!" Death also affects ten children; everyone adds up to one thousand. Autumn, when the day of death catches the weak buttocks for his children, he is going to go to bed very day. Autumn, and death is the end of his journey to "Dukɔ". "Death, my dreams." "What day will you be sleeping?" he said at death. "The old man says, 'If you give me a piece of gold, don't tell me to sleep." Asamoah had gone to bed hungry. He almost died trying to save himself from death. "Death, my dreams." "What day will you be sleeping?" he said at death. The man said, "If your fight for money brings me a lot of gold, don't make me sleep." He was crushed to death. It happened a little later, and he died to tell a lie. "Dukɔ said, "My dreams." "What day will you be sleeping?" he said at death.

The ink said, "If your friend has taken a gold tree, bring it to me for a drink, don't make me sleep."

He was crushed to death. It was a little dark, and he died as a result of a war. 'Dukɔ said, 'Nana, my dreams' "What day do you have?" he said at death. The man said, "Naa, when you go and pick me up some strawberries, don't call me up and lie down." There was a sudden death. Then he did a little more, and he died again. The man said, "Ew, Nana I am saying my dreams." "What day will you be sleeping?" he said at death. "The ink said, "If you go to fetch water with it and cook food for me to eat, don't bring me to sleep." Death made the elephant go astray'. When she fetch the water, it rained. And he said to his brothers, "You must not resort to violence." We used to go for a walk; 'Dwaku went and cut bread' and threw it into the ground and the brothers slept, and he covered himself with cloth. and death is in the water'; and water is water. And death is called "Death" He said, "We're Restless." He said, "What are you'yo?"

He said "Open! I haven't had a baby yet; when I say "ho to greet", she says, "My dreams come true"; she has believed me and she has not stopped, then she has told me to turn my drinking-water." Death's Man says "A! you study, and how long have you been trained to drink beer, and when you put that water in it, did not your soul get better?" Death "Baby says, "O, really." He raised hundreds of water bodies. The man said, "Death, now and then what do you come from? Noah's food." The food was cooked by death, he said that he would kill his siblings to the point where he would prepare food. He ate, didn't vomit, and neither his ten children didn't stop and he killed us. In the morning of the next morning, the church of death felt like a fire. "Nana," he said, "Her, 'hurried and stuffed your breasts." "Give this empty knife to me," he said with death. 'Dukɔ said, "Esa! If you live here, you were anxious, and the money was lying there, and you didn't come to me to pick up the soup." Death said, "Royal-law-law-law-meaning-law-meaning-meaning-meaning-meaning-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed-themed 'Go skiing for free. He didn't kill him with a treaty. ‘Dukɔ said, “A!! yes, I will sleep this summer, I will sleep with him." 'Dwaku has fought the 'dangerous' sword and the bowel movements of his belongings. He said, "Nana, Death, unless I bring you a 'harried I'll throw a stone'." 'Shelter up, flyer, flyer! He reached the guinea fowl and said, "Nana Death e! So,if you are not careful, will my soul take over your things; my brothers, my father and I, how can you, your father, kill your ten children? I'm the one who's in charge." "Here is your baby, wherever you go, I am going to sleep with you!" 'There was a hole in the hole, a tree-branch! heirlood! heirlood! and he died and was banished. 'Drunk e'kwa'a, and fought the brothers, and we 'harp the road'. We’re out of control. 'Do you understand?' he said. Your children are dead, so we don’t want any place to take it.” Now we are out of death. 'Duck took medicine with his brothers, and we went on foot. Death has come to an end. He said, “Here is where I met a lot of people, and where have we gone?” 'There is a hole in the sky'; he told his brothers, "I've thrown it away. Our brothers said, "E, she wants us to be bound, so that we may sit here and eat, and you say, 'I've thrown it away'? 'Dukɔ hears, and he snorts at death. “Well! for you, you have suffered!” "The sword that you have in the east, you 'teach-he-she-he-she', 'teach-he-she'" says he/she. The 'sceptre' of 'sceptre' had been quarried; 'he-she-she-she-he-she' had two 'sceptre' had been quarried. Then go to the car'Dukɔ. "Akoda," he said with a voice, "You've heard 'he-she-no'," and 'Dukɔ has jumped down 'Kurm', krim'. And death went on to the snake. The donkey said, "You're a little early, you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the other." And death is over, away! she has cast a spell. 'There was an increase in alcohol consumption in siblings, and we were all so angry. 'Think that he'll catch the medicine and some will get punish for Death, and some won't get up. He said, “You have killed me, but you have deceived me; come and eat with me.” Let's stop and run, Kwaku! kitten! kitten! He has spoilt us. We’re one, a little flooded. The weight of Adukɔ and the siblings is high, we know how to swim, and we stop driving. 'Only a fox, he doesn't know about merchandise. The water stood upright; we cried, cry, cry; our lips were inquisition. 'The hole turned into a stone. Death reached the river. He said, “when you stand these stools, I have a stone to put on you with which I have put my spirit.” He has died like a fowl, but he will mention something about it; he caused it to fall; he pounded and ran away, saying, "A wind, bring me up to the water." It rained. 'Dukɔ says, "I hate you." " E, by the sword, by the hand!" I have nothing to say to you, and I have told you to go to sit in a house and worship, and if anyone comes, you will tell me; and if I want, I will stop taking you; and if I do, you have given me the right thing.” It is that Agod will come to 'peoples' and come from a child's mother-in-law. If this is the case with me, do not believe me or not.