We don't say, don't say

BARBER/CIRCUMCISER

The ANANSE said to Aso, "Let's go and farm. Assa said, "I'm not alone." The spider has hatched eggs. Okay, she said to him, "No matter what you are?" Ado said, "The child is smarter." Ananse said, "next day let's go and burn the farm." "The child is burning," Assah said, "and am I the only one who doesn't burn me? Ananse has just arrived. Adeekye said, "Ah, I'm begging you, let's leave me alone and let's go and plant things." He said, “I have spoilt my sibling.” Ananse said, “I’ve suffered.” War planting didn't stop there. Now we are free, and the food is coming. One day Asamoah went to the farm. And he will say to Ananse, "There is a tree growing in the garden, and what day shall we go out there? Ananse said, “Ho! 'Some foxes have told me, I don't understand myself at all Asamoah said, "Aden, tell me to listen." Ananse said, "I've come." Ananse went to, about the fields, and stood by, she said, "I, Kwaku Ananse, do you care, I will stay and someone else will look down on me?" Ananse took a knife and a chicken and tripped a few pits. He took some of the food from the farm and went back home. He said, "The time has come for me to inform you." attentiveness. He said, "A! An old man asked me if I was hungry; she said, I am dead, so the farm is clean, you are not talking, and I am not ashamed when I die. I have a little pito, and you have buried me.” Week is hard; Ananse wolves are dead. The people of the town settled in the Ananse area and buried it on their farmlands. Come back for a walk. It is getting dark today. Eight days, we’ve eaten, Aso said, “A! I don’t curse my husband’s farm” An ear one; here is the field, the market! "E!!" a farm that my husband has built and I am hoping that, indeed, there will be no doubt in my mind that, indeed, there will be no doubt in my mind that, there will be no doubt in my mind that, indeed, there will be no doubt in my mind that, there will be no doubt about it.” And he cried out and said to his father-in-law, ‘Kwaku Ananse’ Saman, your farm products do not sit down and leave me alone, and the crops have dried up. Kwaku Ananse has issued:

“Stop O! I've done my thing!

Stop O! The ears are closed.

Stop O! I've done my thing!

Stop O! Borders are submerged. Stop O! I've done my thing!

Stop O! Adoŋo hates growing a tree.

Stop O! I am eating my yam!"

Asamoah was right, afraid. He went to 'home to call Adanko' to ask for permission to pay attention to a case in husband's farm. Adanko is the same one. The ears of an eagle went up to the farm, and saw the rain coming down again:

My husband is Kwaku Ananse, and she has buried my father's farm

The tortoises have been submerged in food.

Kwaku Ananse 'sand me to smile, Kill us for me.

Kwaku Ananse has issued:

"Stop O! I've done my part!

Stop O! Ado well done, off, off! I've done my part!

Stop O! At the end of the morning, At the end of the evening, at the beginning of the day, at the beginning of the day, at the end of the morning, at the beginning of the morning, at the beginning of the finale, at the beginning of the finale, at the beginning of the finale, at the end of the finale, at the end of the finale. I've done my part!

Stop O! Adoŋo hates growing a tree.

Stop O! I've done my part! stop him!

Odonkoma, have you seen someone who doesn't help your husband?

Stop O! I've eaten my thing, O! stop o!

Adanko said, "I'm done listening, and let's go home and tell you." One of Asamoah's relatives went to the house. Adanko said, "Football, she told you 'Let's go to bed'; you say alone; 'Let's go to bed'; you say good-bye; 'Let's go to the tree'; you waste your time alone; so stop crying and act on her, and, Odomankoma , a woman who does not help her husband; so stop crying and then stop doing her things." So, we would say, "everyone who does something and is laughing at you, it helps him."

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.