We don't say, don't say

If you go for a walk at Damba in the night, you won't be able to sleep

We came from Kuntumoku and Kuntenamoa to clean the floor. We're saying, "Land, your father-in-law." "Why do you say I cry?" We said, "You don't mean to be famous." The earth said to "Pear, "Your mouth is dirty." He said, "Why do you eat my steam?" "I have made a revelation, and you don't understand it," he said. Paree told Abena, "You, go and hide." Abena said "Why do you hate me?" "Pare said, "I have eaten." Abena shouted to Sumina, "OK, by the way." "Why do you hate me?" He said, "I have honored you, and you have not understood me, give up." So-and-so, tell Abe, "You're the master of the farm." Abe said, "Why do you hate me?" "I have eaten, and if you don't understand, stop," said Sumina. Abe said to the old woman, "You have black ears." The old man said, "Why do you hate me? Abe said, "I have ruled you and you don't understand, give up." ancient marriage to Esono, went to his feet; and became King of Esono. He said that his feet were swollen, and he was sitting under Tamiriwa's eyes, and Tamiriwa's eyes were filled with tears, and he ran away. Nana Aberawa's favourite food is Tamiriwa's. 'Crab e' passed away' and called 'Crab and sent 'blood' to him. 'The dog is one, it is two goat-kids' that fought against the Okagya valley. Asamoah hit Owina on the head with the leg. He is on the verge of anger. She tried to get him to play with a weapon and got rid of his weapon and killed him. When the battle is fought, God bless 'come. Then, immediately, he caught sight of Owena, taking him to God's place. We asked him, "Mensey?" He stood up and said, "I have placed my somewhere, Okagya, a sword like it, let it slip and hit me, and on me, let it go 'over' me, Okagya, and I have hit him, and if you 'ba'? God said, "You must not give him up, and you must not call him Okaga the law." Okayɛ baŋa; he said, "Nana, you know my supporters will come, and the fox will catch up with me, and I will catch up with you, and I will catch up with you,” he said. God said, "You just don't put it down, and you don't call it 'Crab law." We're fighting for the dog. A dog said, "Nana, I walk somewhere, you've made fun of me. I'm right, and Nana Aberawa has 'bedged' me; and Okagya, Nana Aberawa has loved her farm where she has eaten' and where she has been drinking', and I am who Aberwa has 'bedged me'; that's why I happened to lie on her knees." God said, "You must not put it down, and you must not call it the law of Nana Aberwa." Old Nana Aberwa dance. He said, "E! I, my ancestors, don't kiss my mouth, my tears drink meat, my stomach ache, my stomach ache; I bathed Bosompra; I greet Tamiriwa; only the dog he knows, and he told Tamiriwa to make her drink of water. That's why I sent him fire. God said "O! put it on the drumming, and you just bring it to the law of the Tamrivawa." The tsunami is coming. He said, "Give me a place to lie down, take a look, Esono a little bit and let me have a little sleep, and let me have a little sleep. And if I knew him God said, "You must not stone him, and then fight about the law of Esono." We've gone through Esono's funeral. Esono said, "I have lived for a long time, and I have forgotten to be king; when I go far away, see, 'This lazy man has gone mad' that he wants meat to chew and make cheese; and I say 'suck up my feet, and fight against Tamiriwa." God said, "You must not stone him and then fight for the law of the past." In the olden days, he said, "Nana, Abe is better than this, if it were dark; and if I, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old, the old. Today, I'm free, Abe told me that I have black ears, and I'm younger, and I'm on my way to Esono, and I'm on my way to make it known that I'm a virgin." God said, "You must not stone him, and you must not call him Abe's son. Abe hasn't come; she said, "Give me my word: I'm right, I'm right, if the master is rich at the time, and if he can't, I have taken a part in my heart'; then he insulted me as if I were dry. That's why I got jealous and I tried to be late. God said, "You must not cast it off, and you must not mention the name of Suma." Sumina came back; she said, "Nana, Abena is the owner of the house, we give it to him, and he is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the I haven't accepted anything, she said 'Summina, you accept-to-save'; I said 'a', and Abe is better than you and I sent her away." God said, "put it on the drum" and just call Abena. Abena gave birth; she said, "Nana, 'Plaes are open and they don't come to me if they don't come, and if they don't come, the owner will come again; never give me a taste of it, she said, 'You're guilty'. That's why I got jealous and I ran into Sumina. God said to him, "You must not put it down" and then "You must not mention it as a curse." 'Good morning', he said, "Nana, when the ground has stretched out; and when I have gone on my way, I have not expressed my anger, and I have become ashamed; and the ground has told me, 'Good morning, and I am angry, and I am going to revenge Abena." God said, "You must not cast it off, and you must invite the people of the land to come to him." A bad earth, he said, "Naa, I'm sleepy; we're against me; I don't say anything; we're not doing things on my own, I'm not. Then, a few days more, Kukutsuorunku and Kuntunamoa will tease me, and I'll say, "O! what?' we're saying, 'You don't come to our aid','and we are doing a great job. Because of this, I was on the verge of eating 'Planetian medicine'. God said, "You must not stone him, and then fight about the law of Kuntuko and Kuntunamoa." Kunkurunku and Kuntunamoa bauxite. We're going to say, "Nana, we're playing on our feet, and we're going to get out of the ground and we're wearing it, so we're judging the Earth, as if it were ancient." God said, "Early, these words don't really make sense to us, so let's just dig around and think, and we'll not answer." And we went to the market to compare the price of the produce to the price of the produce. This is because, when you go to sleep at night, it becomes dark. and God was with him in his old age and we are going to make a decision about it.

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.