We don't say, don't say

" DO WHAT THE WEARING IN DAGBON"

A woman came with him and sat with him. When she sent him she said, "I am not going to tell you." His cat said, "Stay around and you'll see." The day after she sent him she said, "I don't agree." And someone told him, "Stay around and you will see." One day the soldier said, "Let that be told me, 'Stay around and you will see'; indeed, I am about to see'. And be careful. O'Kokore, and Pea's ear is small. The Pope asked him, "Why don't you come here? The soldier said, "I was sitting with him; he said, 'Stay around and you will see,' and I said 'bee' i have seen' and have smiled." The Pea' said, "One is with me, but his socks are in front of me." The battle is fierce again. O'Kori, I will make it known to you that the firemen have met her. A fireman asked him, "Why doesn't someone carry 'this road' and take it?" The soldier said, "Day, mother said, 'I see', and I said 'I will see' and laugh." A firefighter said, "Someone is with me, but go ahead." The soldier kept quiet. One, the humble person is above the millet, and comes to meet him "Why doesn't anyone come here?" he said with a smile. The soldier said, "I'm going to see 'I can see' and I'd like 'I can see' to make fun of it." "One is with me, but go ahead," he said. The battle broke out again. Okoye and I went to the gymnasium. And he added, "This will get someone's blood to put on this building." And when the battle reached, we said, "What hasn't someone here, and you've come here?" He said, "That's what I have to do with you; he said, 'Stay around and you'll see,' and I said 'I'll see 'I see' and laugh." And the wound fell on his head and we 'slipped his head, and put his blood on the stomach'; we put some on the flat roof. And when the child was born, the child lay on a long tree, and his father-in-law took his father-in-law's blood and his father-in-law died. The palm weevil larvae is not meant to make a difference. And one day alone a week ago, he came to dinner. And the battle broke out. And he asked the Warrior, "My son and I are sitting with him, he is tall like something. And when I grow up, I will see it, Sebe, and 'the fool has gone to bed' and 'I'll see it'. Here are eight days and now, my nose and I'm laughing at you, if you see her, take her with me." Ako said, "O! a woman was 'nurse', and we were on our side to kill her. This is a blood transfusion for me. So say to your deaf and dumb person that everyone tells someone "Don't stay and you'll see it' and you'll plant it. "

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.