We don’t say, she shouldn’t say

SEDIE OF SEDIE GOVERN, KETESO ASEM WENNKA

Ye'See' God Kwame planted a little farms and planted maize, ginger, beans, millet, cotton and efer. The farm is hot, and its fruit is bitter. 'Nyamemɛmɛmɛmɛnɛnɛnɛnɛn'afraɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛnɛɛnɛnɛnɛɛ If he accepts that he is in the wrong, and we fear him, and he goes away and we fear him; people do not stop fighting; we are not able. Kwaku Ananse then said, "I'm the one who can't find it." But 'the farm of God's worhip is on the road, and in the path cloves go to market every Friday. And Ananse, for her knew, except every Friday and war. And if he loves, and the 'passer' says, "Father Ananse, work! ”, she said, " Y'aku o!" We will say, "Wayless farms, where do you love this?" Ananse said, “E! That's why I'm so busy. It’s as if it were this way. He was calm; he was calmer when he did so. Someone goes through again and gives it to him,”” he added. and he has put his hand where it was'. When she smiled, she said, "Something here," we would say to her, "I am going to say this." She has eaten it, and it is ready. And then he went on to inform God that he had grown the farm. God asked the angry man, "Amen, am I done?" “E!” said the anger. 'Serious' asked him, 'Supety?' He said, "No, I didn't mean to." 'Nyame gave Abena Nkroma a wedding for Ananse. One night, Ananse and the bride go to bed together, and the bride asked him "How hard is it that you have a good father-in-law, then everyone is going back to the farm, and are you some that you are able to love?” And Ananse says, "You believe I'm stupid? I loved it when someone crossed over” and asked me if I was going to ask him, ‘Why, where do you love this garden?’ What matters to me was that my hand was the one with the other, and the head with the head of my head was the one I told the other person that, indeed, you are laughing as if you were joking, you were having a good time, you were drinking, you were drinking, you were bleeding. The sweet cedi that I have in my body is lying there.” and Abena Nkroma said, "Then I will tell my father that you are special." Ananse told him, "No, this is the story of the old man." Abena Nkroma said, “I don’t know anything about Ketsos and I’m talking about it.” Abena Nkroma took off her bike and went to the other side of the building. Ananse was blind, and fought for her sedipurama, beating her:

Abena Nkroma, this is not a matter.

Let’s take it seriously.

He said, 'No.'

Someone else has come, and someone has come by 'way'."

Ananse's departure was a dream. Ananse lay awake during the burial. Osei, "Abena Nkromo". Down! Ananse said, "I've got you." He ran to fetch water, and it came to rest on Abena's breast. Ananse went to bed very early. When he sleeps, he says "Way! What's Abena's Muslim religion? Your old mindset; anger, if you don’t fully understand it; sometimes, I tell people not to stop. No, that is why everyone goes to the farm and says, ‘A lazy child!’ I’m an elephant’s farm.” And Abena said to him, “I am crying out to you, don’t leave me.” Ananse said, “I’m not stop, and I’m the one who came first; you’re to tell me; I’m to stop; you’re not to say no. So I don’t stop.” Abena Nkroma said, “I’ll stop what I said, and I’ll be ashamed of you if you don’t stop what I said.” And Ananse said, “I’m thinking, if you want us to take it seriously, it’s going to rain.” The old saying goes, "Let's not talk ill of others". If this is the case with me, do not believe me or not.