We don’t say, she shouldn’t say

ANSE SEE O’KO’KEE’KEASE, but

He lives by himself, and he has broken his loose leg. He walked, strolled, peddled, didn't get one. And war met Osansa. He said, "Let's go and build a fence." He also said, "You are eating my meat." And later on, when he got to meet Aeni, he said, “Let’s go and build a boat.” Aane said, "I've heard that." And this is what Osans said to Akans, "The shoes you've gone to and the Ananse have buried, and the Ananse says, ''the fool has gone mad', and the scissors have gone ahead of him. "Your food is finished, and I am the one who will accept the money," Aane said. Aane and Ananse went to the bush to cut the good lands. Anane told Ananse, “ give me a knife and I won’t cut it, so take it some time.” Ananse said, “I was you, was I? give me a cutlass, and take time for it.” Ananse e'cut and Angere lives and agrees. He cut it short, and we were tied. Agyena said, “Let me have a taste of it, and take some time.” Ananse said, “Is that me, or is that you?” She was carrying a parcel. Aane followed and agreed. We came home, Angene said, "Give me a beer, and take your time." Ananse said, "No day give me a drink, and take time." Awinɛ fought all the time and was in agreement. Ananse said, "Wretched, you are intelligent, and you're dead." After the bath, Anane said, "Let me have a bath, i'm just a little water' and you take it out of time." Ananse said, "No, I didn't go, and you took it for granted." We went to fetch water; Agyen said, "A father, spider's animal has a water pot; let me take five of these sacks', and if the animal touches me, you have taken his/her death." Ananse said, "A! you consider me a genius, I, I am a thorn and he says to me, you have taken her to death." Ananse took the sack off, and we came to the house. Adwene, we went and cut the sod last night, and decided on two different ideas. Agye said, "Well, by the time you came back, you will have to come and pick up your house and pick it up and pick it up, and I'll pick it up." Ananse said, "A! This servant, do you think I am too foolish; you are the second, and I am the fourth." Angyefare. Adeɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ. Agye said, "You pick up these four, and you pick it up and pick it up and pick it up and pick it up, and I pick it up." Ananse said, "You look stupid, you take your time, and I'll be by my side eight." Abeekyeɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ a bicycle a bicycle a bicycle a bicycle a bicycle a bicycle. Agyena said, "I'm gaining weight at my sixteenth place." Ananse said, "I'm the one you think of as stupid, you take eight, and he comes to my sixteenth part." Then at the bottom of the sack, Anye said to Ananse, "When you buy a pair of shoes, and you sell them, a bafua, two dresses, so take this idea and give it to me by the hand of your father Ananse." Ananse said, "No, you go and sell the idea, and I'll sell it to you as a slave." We went to the market. Abeɛ doesn't often go to bed right now. He got a lot of money. And I am left with Ananse. Agye told her, " take this shovel away, and we'll throw it away." Ananse gave it; she said "I'm selling the groundnuts! He was brave and said, "From where does this slave come from, that you should invite him to the law?" Ananse is OK. He bravely said, "You believe we, who are here in town, are stupid; and your friend would sell this idea, you didn't see, and your father-in-law's dead are for us?" He cried out in fear, "Your help is in vain." And we've drawn him. Agye said, "Well, you've seen it, you're ashamed; you want to work with it, you've known that you're stupid."

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.