We don’t say, she shouldn’t say

THE LIVING AREA COURTSHIP IN THE LIVING AREA

THE man is called Kwasi Gyaba, his wife and we went to sit on four, and we did. If Kwasi Gyaba has gone to the bush, don't bring meat. Never give me meat. And one day, his wife asked him, “I believe that if you kill meat, you will eat it and then you will build it, so don’t go to the bush’ and if you don’t bring meat, I’ll go with you,” he said. Infuriate Kwasi Gyaba went into the woods. He'll refuse to 'pass'. He said, "Here Adowa, I am going to sleep with you." Adowa went and stood under a tree. He shot him in the head! From where does he come from, from where has he fallen and has fallen down; and there is a curse on it. He was silent about it. He said, “E! I have suffered.” He said to himself, "The Father is walking on the field, and a certain chapter is coming out, so the anger is coming on us, not on our own, but on our part, and we will not catch the fruit we are eating, and we will not catch you up with you." He took his gun, followed us closely. We've got caught the meat. He said to someone, “I am angry with you and with you, so stay here and give you a drug; and when you hear the sound of the mouth and the nose and the animals don’t talk. So when you go to sleep tonight, relax.” He chases crazyly; he paid for a breath. He will take medicine for his religion. Abeekyer heard things that were bad and didn't speak well. Osei came to his town. And when he comes, he will humble himself before his son. His lower right eye was a stone. There was an angry room in the room. He was appalled by his mother-in-law and his mother-in-law. Down with anger! and there are two hills; one of them will ask, “Where do you eat your corn, and I am eating your breast, and you have given it to me?” “Aha, don’t you take her right eyebrows and pick her up and pick her up and pick her up with the tortoise,” she said. Kwasi Gyaba is right; he turned his back on her, pulled! pull! pull! His father-in-law said, "Ah, my mother-in-law, why are you laughing at me like that? Kwasi Gyaba lay down, laughed and laughed. It was immediately she said to God that Kwasi Gyaba should go and show him the jokes in front of God's face. God bless you and bless you Kwasi Gyaba. He reached khotia and sang:

And I will mention my death, Kwasi Gyaba!

And when I am about to die, yes, fetch water for me.

Kwasi Mpuruko Gyaba, and the other, Ay’a, give me water.” God's ancient people said, "You should listen to the prayer person's song's song." We brought Kwasi Gyaba before God. She stood up and said, “Kwasi Gyaba, do you understand that you are laughing at him and really, and that he is helping me?” Kwasi Gyaba said, "I have a drug, but when I understand it, I die." God said, "I am angry with you so don't let you die." His father-in-law said, "Nana helps; she laughed at me except to tell me about it." “Have you heard Kwasi Gyaba?” he said. Kwasi Gyaba said, "Then, my smile came out, and when I die, we have come to my aid." His mouth is full, Akokoni and Akobedee are full; and Akobani said to Akobetee, "Stand up and let me come up to you." Akokobee said, "Aden, where do people come from?" Akokokoini said, "When you don't stop, I swear to you." This is Kwasi Gyaba's father-in-law. He himself said, " O my God, let us stop the pit, and I am talking about it." God said "Let it go!" Kwasi Gyaba said, "I swear that my mother didn't come with him." The elders do not say, "The truth, the truth, the truth doesn't come out." Right away, God commanded, “You must not kill your partner,” and “You must not allow the two of you to get married.” So it is meant that there will be a divorce for people. It was Akokoni that we taught him.

What I have said is that, if it is not for him, you can’t forgive him, and you can’t blame him.