We don't say, don't say

WEARING HEADGEARING HEADGEARS

DONE is the father of the child, and he says he wants someone to play chess with him. Animals are unreliable. Kwaku Ananse is with you and she said, "I'm eating, and I've told you that if you are going to kill me, you're going to hide from me'." Eson' said, "I have heard, and I have come to greet you for seven days, and you have still beaten me for seven days." Kwaku Ananse fought for the yam, put it on fire, and fought for the rights. If Ananse's father-in-law had taken the yam and had gone skiing, he would have gone skiing instead of Yenye. Adowa will look like he's gone. But speaking and blinking is the result of a deep breath. O'Kwame' and Ananse has shot the yam to the ground'. Adowa is taking over now. He said, "Father Ananse, what kind of water do you have, and how do you come with it?" Ananse said, "The food isn't enough for me to keep my house clean." Adowa said, "I'm going to go pick you up." Ananse and she arrived at 'home'; she told Adowa, "There's a man who eats dinner with me at night; so go to sleep with me', and if someone says 'Singer' and you respond, 'I'm taking my head off. And if you say so, he will put some of the food on it and take it away." Adowa said, "Thank you very much, Aku; Father Ananse didn't bite me yesterday." Adowa fought all the time. Soon Esono arrived. Osei, "Sieve." Adowa said, "I have a headache," and Esono has added, pan! Adowa was dead. It smells bad. In the morning, Adowa was hired by Ananse to provide her with soup. Ananse went to Esono to fight for her for a long time. Elephants said, "You look good?" Ananse said, "I'm fine." Ananse sim came to his 'home'. He picked up some of the yam, and it continued to rise again. He will beckon to pull it past and throw away the yam. He shouted, "E! Father Ananse, what kind of famine has happened, and what about your son? Ananse said, "If you want some, let's go to my house alone for you." He caught a fight with Ananse. Ananse said, "Thursday there, and tonight my child will bring food, and when he gets here, he says, 'Sanikoto,' you say, 'I have a headache'." He said, "I hope Aku, you are the one who will do it." He fights all the time. Esono arrives late at night. Osei, "Sieve." He shouted, "I have a headache." And he added, Get up and sleep, kill! Elephants were cute. In the morning, spider picked up the rag and, among others, went to Esono 'to fight for her later. "Young man, how are you?" Asamoah said "Here it's done!" And we had a little chat, and spider smiled at him at home. Ananse used Oyus and 'Wansan, Kokɔtee Asamoah, and Otromo, as well as Oko. Then spider was wearing a gold wristwatch. Warthog had a very high quantity; and he also pounded iron-bena-bena-knack along with it. In the night, he went to Esono's house. Ananse said, “Thank you!” Esono said, "I have a headache." Ananse put the tigers on her shoulders and hit them with the head-in-law! pan! and amen. Ananse came to his house. In the morning, when Asamoah said to his father-in-law, “My head aches,” he said. “I don’t feel shame in this,” he said. “Thank you,” he said. He had a smile on his face; he got to Ananse. Ananse said, “Kantinka, do you feel better?” Elephants said, “O!! I am okay.” Ananse said, "Osempa." Ananse fights against the tigers again. God bless you and increase your property. Osei, Asikato Esono said, "I have a headache." Ananse put the key on it, and she put the metal on it, pan! pan! Ananse has come to his house. Now he is around, and he is angry, 'No, Nana Esonos my rules don't tell you that, when your friend Esono has slept, he hasn't gone out; so when his time has passed 'send' his time.' Ananse said, "No, we didn't do it. We said, "She will die and be buried alive." The angry man broke the news of Esono's family. We said, "You should take it seriously." The anger came about Ananse, saying, "Let's take some time now." Ananse said, “You don’t wait for me.” Ananse went to the bush to cut a tree, and she turned it into a tree-man; and she pointed a gun at him, and gave it to Aso, "First come and put my gun on the stone, and then stand on it, and when my child comes, you will call me." Ado kept it going. The ducklings snorts its yam with the angry one. Ananse reached the Eboneans' front, we 'sounds', 'smocks' and 'smocks'. We’re saying, “Thank you.” And we took Ananse to a few stone pieces. We said, "Let weeds grow and fill the soil and make yam mounds there." spider went away, wanted! even! even! Ananse says to himself, "Open e!!" He said, “Obviously, you have heard that someone called me.” Some people said, "Of course, you are free." Ananse said “I’ve heard that,” and went for his job, yes!” even! even! And he answered, "Open e!" He said, "Someone called me." The Muslim Scholars said, "We give you ours." Take it, take it, seven times. And then he said, " listen and now, if you don’t want to, we'll get you." Ananse went to the farm where the crops were. Then Ananse ran, kiri! kitten! kitten! Some people said, "Avoke?" He said, “E! only you, if there is any anger, and he says to me, Don’t keep away from me, so don’t let him shoot at you. That’s why she has called me to stay away from me.” And as for us, we will look on the bush, we will see that someone is really standing, and we will leave. Ananse said, "A father's anger killed us for me." These sunglasses are red; and they are red. And we will leave Esono to die, and Ananse takes him to the funeral. This is how the elephants come to 'serem', and the previous message has the same name as the others.

What I have said is that, if it is true, do not believe it, and accept it, please don’t believe me.