SEDIE EYOYE

A woman gave birth to him, and he went to ask for a shrine. And the servant said to him, “If this fellow comes to see you, he will die, but I try to do it for you, and the thing I tell you is that, when you have it, you don’t have it, and if you have it, you have it, and if you have it, you have it, and if you have it, you have it, and if you have it, you have it, and if you have it, you have it, and if you have it, you have it, you have it.” Indeed she gave birth. Antenatal 'come to wake up with old age. The warrior is called Akosua Denta. The god said to the snake, the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, and the snake, One day when he had nothing to drink, he said to his colleague, “I am going to farm’, and I am cooking something to make Akosua Denta unavailable.” And the one went ahead. And when the soul finished growing on the bread, he said, "come, Akosua Denta, I am going to make this fufu with you, Asamoah." Osei, “My kids.” Don’t say, “Come on, it’s your idea.” Akosua Denta was lucky; she gave birth to her children. He finished, and the battle broke out, and he covered his head with cloth. soul koye, sing "Denta"; song! Obebie is the head-pad; Akosua Denta is the one who has died; he also carries the cloth on him. He soon learned how to swim. When she gave birth, she refused to give it to him, and he went to her to prepare food thoroughly. Then he would say, "Knock, where are you?" He said, "Naa, even his food that I cooked is good for him. " He said, "I have heard." This is the one who went into the market, bringing the sheaf of the sheaf of the sheaf of the sheaf. A palm wine tapped, cooked and mixed with bambara-beans. She has put on a cloth and it is her father-in-law Akosua Denta who is believed to be the father of the deceased. He says, "No, if you say Danta go outside, what if she dies?" The soul says, “Thank you, my God.” This child is in a bad mood and puts his child behind him, and he brings him out from the street and cries; and he grows a baby, and he says, "Let's go and hide from her." The child says:

“I used to go fishing with my son Akosua Denta, and my mother-in-law, I gave him some water to drink, that is, a child.

I have got one to say to the house of Ohama 'ba Siankwa, son of Adamowa'ba, my son is not hiding it here."

And he built it, and when he got to a certain town, he said to himself, "Be reconciled with me, I am not going to hide from him, and we are following him." The child said:

“And I, my son Akosua Denta, and my mother-in-law, I put my coat on a consulate, I say, Ohemaa’ba got a ba’, Ako says Oma’ba, Siankwa, Adamowa’ba, I’m not really going to hide it here.”

And it happened again. he ate meat, meat, a kind of bushy vegetables, then, when he got tired of the combat, he pulled him out and pulled him back to the house. Asamoah asked him "Where are you?" He said, “Let the palm trees pear down.” And he said, "Wayyer, if you don’t send him here, the soul will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the," That’s why the elders says, “When your child dies, think, and let it happen to you.” The mother cat ran after her baby for free. Then the proverb said, "Let him be put on a stick" and put it on me. What a waste of taxpayers! push! push! and we got together with him! together! together! Also, drive a blind man into the fallen millet stalks. if we put it on, it has dried; and a baobab is tired. That was to plant a baobab tree at the foot of the sea, and the baobab of the baobab tree was to remove it; and the baobab of the baobab was to remove the baobab tree from the baobab tree; and the corn of the baobab was to remove the baobab tree from the baobab tree! trom!

If this is the case with me, if it is the case, don't believe me, and don't agree with me.