We don't say, don't say

THE WEARING HEADGEARS BEGAN 'PADEM'

ANSE O! and he married God 'six children, and he said to God, "The day that you have six, you will die, you will praise me." And three days ago we will say to him that "Six gods are dead". The Ananse's tribe was the 'Beraku, Kwaku, and Odwan. And Ananse told us, "We have come to my funeral, so let's go and leave me." And Ananse made us go to Nyankopɔn to church. God created the male goat and the female goat as well as the mother-in-law. And Ananse said, "I am coming in the evening." Ananse broke a stone and put on 'Serves, Kwakus, and Odwan', he sewed a tie, and he embroidered his cloth. And he said to the animals, "When I reach God, you are given water." And when he got to the sight of God, 'There was a time for:

"Kurukusu, cut! kill! kill!

Turkey, off! kill! kill! this."

And Kwakuo has:

"Slaughter!"

And Odwan has:

"I!"

Kwaku Ananse's brother. People do not say, "You've done it; 'human beings are three attributes'." He finished, God bless 'houses give him life'. Adeɛkye Nyankopɔn cooked a meal for Ananse Kwaku Ananse, who saw the food, said, "I don't give up, I don't give up on Kwaku, I don't give up on Odwan and I'm the one who has already done something to my brother-in-law." Ananse didn't eat, she didn't give up on her family. And when he heard us, the Nyankonkonkonɔn said, "We're going to eat eight days." And Odwan said, "I'm thirsty, I'm alone." Kwaku is the owner of the team. And God went to sit down, and he made us fight and told Ananse that, indeed, the day after she had done it, she would not give him a gift and sit down with his superiors. Ananse said, "I'm sick." God of old said to Ananse, "You've humiliated me." Asamoah, Kwame, and Odwan said, "We've made you kind of lovely, so we're your 'panda family'." Kwaku went into the woods with 'Seriousness', and Adwan stayed at 'home'; Ananse was quickly going to fetch padeem', and was embarrassed.

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.