We don’t say, she shouldn’t say

HOW WEARING HEADGEARS BEGAN IN DAGBON

We live in Osebɔ and Osebowa and Adanko and Adankowa. It was very cold. Asamoah said he was going to swim. Okoye, Adankowa is very sad. Oseiboowa said, “E! So, where did you get it from?” Adankowa said, “My husband, it was a nice way to get used to fighting because of snakebite, so they went and buried it.” He said, "Thank you Aku." Oseibowa went to the house, to the house, to the house. And when her husband arrived, she asked him, "Adankowa gave me, saying, ‘Adankowa is the one who speaks with a nasal inflection, and her husband speaks with her, and she is the one who shoots.’ "The next morning, when I woke up," said Oseiboo. And he went home limping. One, the other, is full of rice. And he took some of the cutlass and cut them in exchange for a cotton-bowl. Adukɔ sat down in his house and saw that Oseibo had gone to the farm to drink. He has got thin and slimy. He reached the milestone and turned traitor. Half of it is rotten; part of it is rotten. He was face to face and turned pale. Half of it is rotten; part of it is rotten. He had gone ahead and turned 'Tromo. Half of it is rotten; part of it is rotten. He was face to face and turned into a club. Nee and nee 'mono. then I will give his corn and snore 'Sebo is his. Obaye will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who "There will be no cure for famine and death," said Oseifua. And he turned back, and struck 'Tromoh; and he turned back, he shot Oyu; he turned back, and he did. She said, “E! if these animals are enough, then I am fighting and I am fighting.” He bought maize and a cow and put it on the ground, and confirmed that he would take the animals we have in advance. One, we're not. Then he will come, without rice. He went into the house in silence. Oseifowa asked him "Where is the well?" He said, “I went to get some, and I didn’t.” And Oseiboo went to the river, and the battle broke out in Adankowa. Oseifowa said, “I am eating tomorrow my husband says he didn’t get some of the rice.” Adankowa said, “I am sorry, I have lost my husband and he The elephant snorts at home. She told her husband, “You people! you! you! They say you went to get some of the rice, and if Adanko is too much, you get it.” Oseiboo said, "Who are you, tomorrow I am going to fight with?" Adanko heard his name and had lived in his house. He told his wife, “I am going to meet him tomorrow at Oseibo here before I go, so you may be afraid.” Adeɛkye Adanko sim'. He arrived at the outskirts of town, and he turned into Adowa, and he was bright, food, and blood. He was face to face, turned around, and laughed. He stood face to face and turned into a club. He/She has convulsion. Adowa said, "I have no idea what my father is going through, and I have died." Oseiboo said, “Aden?” Adowa said, “Adanko and I went to meet him and he has beaten me, and I have died.” Oseiboo said, “Let me have a taste of it.” He was mad. He had gone to Wansa. He also said, "I'm disappointed that Adanko doesn't have the courage to talk to her about it." Oseiboo said, “Aden?” He also said, "I am going to be struck and killed, not because I am dead." Oseiboo said, “Give me a raise.” Okoye, and the battle broke out. The group said, "I have no idea what my father is going through, and I have died." Oseiboo said, “Aden?” The group said, "Adanko, my friend ate the rice and he has hit me and I have died." It rained for a week. He said, “E! I'm going to go out with him again, and if he slaps me, I'll hit him! And Osebɔ fly, biri kiri kiri! That's where Adukɔ swam. She dumped him, and Oseiboo drumd, “Sebowa! depart o!” Osebɔ arrived at his 'home to go to his room', and he blew his head on the room, and, indeed, he came, and Adanko carried two of his satons. Asamoah said "Father Adanko left me." Adanko said, “I haven’t got you, and I'll help you.” "Please, don't help me, and let me drink as much as you can,” he said. If you take another road, you'll find that the Oseibo puzzle has been sustained by Adanko.

What I have said is that, if it is not for him, you can’t forgive him, and you can’t blame him.