We don't say, don't say

COCOBOCISER (OPETE) COURTSHIP IN THE LIVING OF THE LIVING AREE ' OF THE LIVING AREA OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING AREN'

'GOVERN' was born, and we said to him that his old age is dead. 'Bonegyers' swishes, swishes, swishes, and sympathisers laughed at Kokosakyi, Akoko, Odwan, Okra and 'Kraman's saying that we don't go to the funeral. The animals do not stop sim '; we went with her. We're going heavy, and after the funeral, we're going to bed. We're going to go and tell Bongkers, "We're going to get married to each other." 'I, my elder daughter, sleep in the ground', never get married to me in my forty days. His friends say, "What languages do we see?" When we go to bed, our sun was shining, and 'Bonegyers play hard, self-containing. One day, Kokosakyi said "A! "The heretics, I know him; put on his body and went to church." In the evening, Kokosakyi threw a stone at a tall tree, at the top of the mountain, he would look 'Bonekyer is the one who dug it. knock it down! And it came out, and fought over the dead body-moving house, and surprise! shock! and he has taken out his body and fought for it, O'we. Revenge. He said, "Waymen, you! thank you very much." "I laugh at you, don't eat; whatever you say to me, I understand it very well." Opemetic moves took place in the house. It didn't mean that 'Bongyeree came. Oppet said to his friends, "Today if you want to build a house, we'll go and eat; then we'll go to town'." The cat said, "No?" Opemee said, "You don't blame me." He insisted, "Let's not fight." We're going to 'Bonekyers' homes'. He said, " listen to my voice, listen to my voice, eat your food, and eat your food, and then 'let us go to the edge of the town', and what will you say?" "I agree, I will eat for you a meal," said a Bonechtcher. So far 'Bongyerefare has gone to catch up with three ways to catch up with his friends and make some known to them. His friends went to town yesterday. And if we were to speak in the name of God, it would mean, "Kokosakyi means 'Bonekyer, he lives by himself'."

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.