We don't say, don't say

THE LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA FOR LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING HUMILITY

Akokoko and Aturuku are from the 'sie ko' from the 'nini ko'. This is what Akoko said to Aturukuku, "Go to Serem', I'll go to the bush, and if you have food, then your legs will tell me." We 'were eating 'and drinking'. Aturukuku didn't see his brother three times. She told her husband, "Let's go and leave me alone with my brother." And the man said, "You are telling lies, Give me something to leave you alone." And he went skiing with her to meet the bush. We saw a house, and that was where he met his brother. Akoko asked Aturukuku, "Did you go to the laugh, did you get food?" He said, "You go after me for a long time; and if my neighbour doesn't like six, and if we want to eat me and we blame me, then he has thrown an 'flame', apocalypse! Kill my children, and if I don't know how to do that, message will kill me." And he said good-bye, and akokoɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔ aɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔ a neɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔ a neɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔ a ne a neaɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔ a neɔɔɔ a neɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔ a ne a ne a ne a ne a nea nea nea nea nea nea nea nea nea nea nea muaaaaaaaaaaaaa mu a place a place a place a place. Aturukɔ asked him, "You've got a 'precord', tell me his bottom." And Akokoɔ says, "My 'harp' translates ''I'm sorry'; ''and I'm sorry, and I'm sorry', and when my husband says that he eats meat with it's wrong, I just like it; whatever food my boss eats, some of this is mine, and when I eat it, my boss can't blame me for it. This is why I say that I am a royal prince. The Akoko said, "Be faithful to your mother-in-law. Please, on Monday, bring your children and your husband, let's stay home." Aturukuku said, "I heard, I'm going, and I didn't come on Monday." A farmer came to the town of Akofo, about three days ago. We asked him, "Nana, Aden?" He said, "Then, two years ago, if you have given me water, let me say to the king not to give you any more than twelve eggs." This is what the king took four hills, took twelve eggs and threw them into the Dente coffee and cut them into four hills and placed them on them, and weave them with his robe, and with his feet, and with his feet, and with his feet, and with his feet, and with the floor of the house; and he put them on the floor. This is how the day-after-tomorrow Adukɔ says he has met his brother. One, the Dental Coffee, he will be jealous of his brother's skirt, his head, his own legs, his shoulders, his liver, and his kidneys. Aturukɔ said, "This doesn't surprise me anymore." Aturukuku waged a fight on his behalf saying:

"I'm crying for my brother O!

How unfortunate!

How bad do you feel? How do you have a babysitter?

How deep is your breast?

When was the last time you ate chicken?

What's your breast cancer? "What's your seven?"

Aturukɔ said, "My days don't go to the bush again and the bush won't accept them." So Aturukuku said to Serem', and Akoko said 'home'.

What I have said is that, if it is true, do not believe it, and accept it, please don’t believe me.