We don't say, don't say

SEDIE EYOYE A COURTSHIP IN THE LIVING AREA

BARBER/CIRCUMCISER , we called it Akwasi Ninkunfuo, and his wife is Aso, and he doesn't want to see Aso, or be talking about it. So war bound the man and the deaf. No one is to blame. That Akwasi Ninkufo is old. So he knows that if he lives in town with her, one day someone will take her. Nyankonkonkont told the young men, "Akwasi Ninkunfoɔ is married to Asamoah on the same day; he is not cold to her, so the one who can fight with her is pregnant, not hired." The boys didn't stop trying to touch him, but no one was able to. Kwaku Ananse himself said, "I can heal the wounds in Akwasi Ninkufo's town". "No", he said. "No, you can?" Ananse said, "You're going to give me that." "Nyame said, "Deeben?" He said, "Bloods and stones." And Nyame gave it to him And Ananse took the gun and the stone and went to the village saying, "God says I don't give you the gun and the stone, don't let you kill meat, and on the day that I come here, rescue pepper." He used the gun and stone to make many lakes for him to dance. The tortoise didn't stop to get some of the meat. One day Ananse will go and buy it. The length of the day will be very high. Ananse went to the village where she had given us gunpowder and stone fighting to save the meat we had killed. Father Ananse took the meat and the ketten and placed it in the Akwasi Ninkufo village. When he got to Akwasi he was drinking water, and he scraped some of the meat. Ananse attempted to take him to the Akwasi Ninkufo Ninkufo's funeral. Asamoah saw it. He said, "Way it, come and pick up something that comes up 'this house, and what's it?" Ananse said, "I was sent by God, I was tired, I was going to sleep here." Akwasi Ninkufuo said, "I heard, my lord's slave." Ansɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔ aɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔ a 'ɔɔɔɔ a 'ɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔ a 'ɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔ a ne a neaɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔɔ a ne a ne a no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no. Ananse said, "Oh, if you have a dog, don't let it bite." Asamoah went to fight for his husband. And Ananse said, "Then, put food on me." Some ears are on it, and Ananse says, "That's how hot your stomach is, or what about yours?" Assa said, "Foot." Ananse said, "That's cool; go and pick some kukuo kesi." Asamoah fought for his father-in-law, and Ananse said, "Come and collect meat." Then there are forty big animals. He said, "Go empty-handed', and if you have a sore throat, I would give you a toothache for you." After they had finished preparing the food, they laid it on the table and set a table to drinking water. Asamoah took his way to 'the fireplace' and the men went sitting at the table. We talked after each other. we're eating; we're eating, we're eating

Kwaku Ananse said, "There is no salt in this field." Akwasi said to his father-in-law, “Come on with me.” And Ananse said, "No, come and eat, you are on the way to salt, and you are on the way to life." Akwasi rose up, and Ananse kissed his opponent and took a dress and put on a blouse. Kwame said to Akwasi, “Come and let me have a little salt.” When Akwasi came back, Ananse said, "O, I'm not mean anymore, my mother." Akwasi doesn’t know, he’s not know; he’s eaten and he’s eaten. We have finished eating, and Akwasi said, “Friends, and we are sitting here with you, and we don’t know your name.” Ananse said, "My name is, 'Sore-ko-di-Aso." Akwasi said, "I heard, so, did you hear the name of this man?" Asamoah said, "I've heard that." Akwasi's style of transport settled very well.

He said, "Obviously-to-do-so, this is your enemy, go and sleep." Ananse said, "The soul of God is mine, I have a stomachache; because that is my father's birth, I have never been 'dampons'." Akwasi said, “Where will you go to sleep?” He said, “I’m going to sleep with you”, but if it’s so, you’re in agreement with your Nyome, and I’m going to sleep with you, and I’m not going to be with you, so I’m going to sleep with you.” The man freed the cat from the trap. Akwasi goes to bed with his wife, and Ananse insists on it. Ananse lay face to face. Ananse sleeps and takes his sepirave:

“Akufoa Ananse, voice will be the voice of something.

God's voice, The voice of the voice of the voice of the voice of the voice of the voice of the voice, the voice of the voice of the voice of the voice of the voice of the voice.

God's 'pocket' Anose, I'll see something."

He then stopped smoking, and he lay down and sleeped. When he sleeps, he heard the sound of the Akwasi Ninkufo, "The man of the Father". Down! "Father's" Man Down! Akwasi Ninkufo died; the medicine has also called "Father" Down! Then he said, "Sore-ko-di-Aso." He said, “M! M! M!” He said, “Give me a raise.” Ananse is anxious, and Akwasi went somewhere. Ananse went up to the 'room'. He said, "Ah, did you hear what your husband says? She said, “How bad?” He said, "I will not eat you." "Your help," Assa said. She did it for him, and he has rested. In the night, Akwasi stood up nine times; Ananse went up to Aso nine times. In the morning, spider sinked into the ground. It will be two full hours before the teeth become reddened. Akwasi asked her, "Why are you so angry, sleep sick, and I am with you, don't come in." Asamoah said, "Forget the man from the woman who said, 'The mountain-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-the-to-me.” The Akwasi Ninkufo said, “I am angry with you.” We have gone to the town of Yɛnkopɔn'. There was an increase in road traffic. When we arrived in the town of God, we reported to the chief, "Your son who was sent by you to my house, and he has gone through with her." Asamoah said, "My servants don't depend on his answers, and he goes to tell the same person." We're good, and Ananse lives in big trouble. Assa said, "O'nie." Ananse has lived in the middle of the afternoon. Asamoah has said, "O'nie." Then the one where Ananse came from above will lean down on the ground'. On the day, it's Friday. Ananse said, "I'm bathy and you've shown your arms to me, and I've started skiing to get myself dressed." Awinɛ has now married Akwasi Ninkufofoɔ, and has gone through a journey. when Akwasi Ninkufo had finished harvesting, he said to God, "Here is the child, don't pick it up." Ananse took Aso, and his body was cut short by the one we killed. That is how greed will come to people's children.

What I have said is that, if it is not for him, you can’t forgive him, and you can’t blame him.