We don’t say, she shouldn’t say

IF WEARING HEADGEARS AND ADWA E'BEFA'NYONKO

BARBER/CIRCUMCISER Animals can't stand anyone. Adowa looked at herself; she said, "Father, I am eating with you and you are going to do what? Oseiboo said, "Let me have a taste of it." We're tired. The tigers harvested palm weevil larvae. Adowa got drunk and got drunk; he couldn't get up, and he was sleeping under the rope. In the evening, Oseifo says he's going to enjoy his appearance. One, the Adowa is drinking wine and the other is getting over it. “Well, this is what you are going to say with me,” he said. Even hippopotamus can't bite and you can't bear it.” The elephant went to fetch time, and she threw stones at him, and he took a Adowa' and carried him. O'ba'a, Adowa arrived on time and was reduced in sight. He will soon catch up with the tigers. Adowa looked up and there was a book about it. Adowa pearned, Farmed! Talk to her, and Adowa will soon drink it. The elephant is carefree; and it reached home. He said to the man, 'The old woman's father-in-law, she says she will deal with me, and I have brought her; put a stick on fire. Oseiboo said to his son, “The roads have come to an end, and take time to eat them and I don’t kill them.” It is incumbent that he/she will have a drink ', take! He's gone to war. Oseiboo said, That's fight, and it is far apart; let's take a trip. We 'send' to finish the food, and we sat around. The old woman smiled with a sigh of relief. He said, “E! here is Kwadwo, his thing, and his meat; what is better than clothing, so who sleeps, picks it up when he is sick? Asamoah swam to his feet. One is Adowa and it never happens again. Oseiboo said, “O! If the lights are the same as mine, then I've come home to pick up the box." Oseifo went to the house to untie his cloth and put it on; and he took the box and the key and brought it to the palm tree. He took a toad and threw a toad overboard, and he took hold of it and carried it back. When he got home, he said, "That is what I have done; stand up for me to pick it up." Old age is hard, and he adopted her. And Oseiboo said to him, "I have gone to Serem 'to war, and I have come, and I have come with salt, and swaa, and we have made bread with Adowa." The elephant is in a hurry. Atɛkyɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛɛ aɛɛɛɛɛ a Adowa said, "Nana Abewa, you have me, and if a message comes out to me, I wouldn’t give birth to you." The old woman said, "You are going to run away. Adowa said, Aserampon, and Ta'mas, and Song, and Apeya, and Konkroma, and Ta'Kranko, and Krakye Dente, don't tell me if you understand me, I'm not going to leave. If you want to be a good person, just keep your doors open. The old woman said, “I’ve heard it.” He shut the doors and shook Adowa. Adowa's son will give birth to his two sons. The old woman says that she has gone to bed and Adowa won't let her tie her tie, please! and she is dead. Adowa took his books and put them on, and cut them off and put them on fire. Kwadwo has just arrived. Adowa said, "What do you mean, 'I've killed Adowa's father-in-law's son's father-in-law's father-in-law's father-in-law's father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, father-law, father, father-in-law, father, father-in-law, father-law, father-in-law, father, father-law, father, father, father-in-in-law, father-in-law, father, father, father, father, father, father, father-in-in-law, father, father, father, father, father, father-in-law, father, father, father, father and father-in-law, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father, father Oseiboo said, “You people!” He took the things he had made and put them into drinking water. We have finished feeding the food; we went to sit around where we were eating, Osebɔ took a bone. If O’clock, by the same time, by the same time! push! Adowa said in her words, "You have a bone and you have it together." "What do you feel?" he said. Adowa said, "I say, this Adowa is old; he speaks for her." Oseiboo said, "No, I save my father" The Oseibo dances for a long time, farewell! farewell! Adowa said “E! You have hair on your head and you have it on your head." "What do you feel?" he said. Adowa said, “I reckon that’s not funny, but what’s his name, if you’ve seen him?” Oseiboo said, "Move over, move over, move over." Then eat and eat at all. Adowa swaggered around the house; she said to Oseifo that, "I’m going to go and hide in the sun." Oseiboo said, "OK, what about my father?" Adowa arrived at midnight. He said, “Thank you! 'Reck e! You stupid, you are not a animal, am I going to kill you to make you appear?” Oseiboo said, “May I lie with you?” Adowa said, "You'll sit with me." Oseibo ran for the train! heirlood! and Adowa fly, panda! humour! humour! Adowa arrived at his 'home' and fought his behalf. She wears 'no style', except the way she wears 'no style'. Adowa’s master has spoken out, O baŋts! Asamoah didn't see the same way as Adowa's feet. When the tigers call out to help them, they say, "Let us go and show them to Adwowa to me, and the fool who has defrauded me, unless you allow me to inform you." There was no support for Adowa's room. Adowa heard that the animals came to her and that they had built her, and she took the soup, salt, and salt and poured it. Now the animals are standing firm. You looked beautiful in the eyes. Then 'Kusie said, 'Hunny is the one whose tail is long, and your children are the same', and we are not going to talk about his tree alone in the house'. Kwakuo has added to the room, no, no! soul! soul! and be ashamed'. While he was sitting in the room, he saw his time to punish Adowa, and Adowa took the combat he had gone through, put it in his mouth'; and went off to Kwakuo's eye. Kwakuo was sitting in the nude. The cat will smell something on her face. One driver has a bicycle. He said, “Well! you are not in your law, the thing Kwaku has gone through.” The animals didn't stop working. Ye'tafereye, tafereye, tafereye. That's why Kwaku is so interested in it. Then we will say, "Rise up, move over, move over." that you may go home.” Adowa heard it, and he ran away as if he were a knife, meat. Kotee, ŋtun, ŋtun! and his mouth is out of the house. Adowa stabbed Kotee with the knife and cut it off. Kotee said, "Kotee Asamoah, he broke my lips." The animals are in the backyard, we'll say, "You people didn't like it when you saw it." He will feel pain in his head; and his mouth blood. The animals saw Asamoah's face cut off, away from us, and away! This is to make the heart of Kotokosi na, takosi. Now the animals have gone away, Oseibo hasn't eaten anything he didn't eat. He said, "Here I am not going anywhere; here I am sleeping and I am dying unless I kill Adowa." Adowa heard this and took his books and carried them on himself, and the church building came to an end. Then she gave birth to Osei. He said, "O! Kwadwo, what do you call it Adowa? Let's go home alone to help us come. We're going home. Adowa said to Oseifo, "Give me your property and I'll hide it from you." "Your help!" And he took off his socks and gave them to Adowa. Adowa said he was OK, and he kept it somewhere. He said "Thank you!" He said, "We've planted e!" He said, "If you are not a fool, be a bird, I have killed you and made you known my ways. So am I going to buy you guys for your property?" "I rely on you," he said. Adowa said, "You'll sit with me." And Osebɔ fly, kiri! kitten! kitten! and Adowa flew. He bought his 'home' and he picked it up. Fire! Now the elephant is standing, and it is angry; and the hawk is the tree, call it! free! free! He doesn't know anything to say. Then he said to Adowa, "I say to Yaoada, come let's go and pick up our team. Adowa said, "My kids if you want to, unless you give us a drink." Asamoah said, "I agree, and I can't blame you." Adowa came closer to Osebɔ for religious purposes. Adowa told her, "Never touch me; if you fall and get rid of me, turn away from me." Oseiboo said, "I heard." The tiger said, "Even the way you are going, I will stretch my hand to show you that, I don't have anything to say with you." Asamoah didn't mean to tell Adowa. Kwame has gone back to his old car now.

What I have said is that, if it is true, don’t give it away, take it away, and take it away.