JULY 2026

GATECTYPE IN THE KINGDOM OF YEHOWA

Articles FOR: SEPTEMBERS 7–OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13,

HADZIDZI 88

Make Your Roads Unaware

TERRITORY

In this article, we will consider the examples the people of Gibeon set and how Jehovah dealt with them.

Learn the Tribe Model

“The Gibeons have made peace with Israel, and they are between them.” —YOS. 10:1.

Imagine this incident. 1473 Before Jesus (D.Y.) in. The nation of Israel is going to hold the promise of the land. Jehovah helped the people of Israel to conquer the cities of Jericho and Ai. However, something unexpected happened. Some settlers have come to the fore as a result of a long occupation. The import issue is that they want to make peace with the children of Israel.

2 The foreigners were the people of Gibeon. That was the first time that the Bible mentioned them, but that would not be the last time. Biblical records show that the people of Gibeon and Israel had settled together for centuries. We can learn a lot from the people of Gibenon, and recognize Jehovah's qualities in the way he dealt with them.

FURTHER FACE AND RELEASE IN THE Faith

3 The people of Gibeon lived in their fortified town in Gibeon when the children of Israel began taking possession of the land of Canaan. Canaan had “seven nations” and its inhabitants were “overreached” by Israelis. One such country is the Hivi people, and one of their cities is the Gibeon. (5 Deuteronomy 7:1) The Gibeons are the nobility. (Yos. 10:2) The other Canaanite nations intended to come with the children of Israel, but the people of Gibbons realized that they would not be divided. Because they were engaged

1-2. Why is it important to learn about the people of Gibeon?

3. (a) Who are the people of Gibeon? (b) Why do they want to make peace with Israel?

2

The people of Gibeon lured Joshua to keep peace with them (See paragraph 4)

recognize that Jehovah was going to deal with the people of Israel and promised to give them the land. (2 Exodus 34:11; Josh. 9:24) Therefore, after the people of Israel defeated Jericho and Ai, the people of Gibeon sent messengers to Joshua in Gilgal to make peace with him.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The people of Gibeon misled Joshua that they were the source of a very long piece of land. They said they learned that their God, Jehovah, had come and given them victory over the kings of Egypt and the Amori Kings of Saxon and Og. The people of Gibeon were so discreet that they did not comment on what had happened to Jericho and Ai, as this would have made Joshua realize that they were not responsible for any “land grabbings”. Joshua and the elders believed and made peace with the people of Israel, without consulting the High Court. (Yos. 9:14, 15) The elders of Israel soon found out that they had been deceived by the people of Gibenons, but because they had already been sworn in the name of the God of Israel, they had complied with the treaty. (Yos. 9:16-19) The people of Gibeon were made to be "a patrons and watergivers for the congregation and for the altar of the Lord."—Jos. 9:27.

5 The five kings of the Amori alliance together to invite them to meet with Gibeon after they learn that the Gibeons have come to make peace with Israel. The people of Gibeon come up with a plea to Joshua for them. (Yos. 10:3-7) Joshua led the warriors of Israel to take the lead

* The couriers are likely from Gibeon and other Hivi cities of Kefira, Beerot and Kiriat-Yearim.—Yos. 9:17.

4. (a) As found at Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Tribes deceive the Israelite elders into consecrating peace with them? (See also photo.) (b) What happened after Joshua became aware of them being misled?

5. How did the people of Gibeon demonstrate faith in Jehovah?

JULY 2026 3

The Gibeons and Jehovah helped them defeat the enemies. Jehovah caused great droughts from the heart over the Amorian armies and caused the sun to sink wonderfully into one place until the Israeli defeat of the enemy was completely defeated. (Yos. 10:9-14) The people of Gibenons proved to believe in the Lord when they became bound with Israel. And they expressed confidence in the Lord to accept them and fulfill his promise to his people.

6 What does this incident teach us about Jehovah? It tells us that Jehovah is humble and compassionate. He told the people of Israel in advance that 'all inhabitants of the land shall be taken down,' which means they shall also be taken down. (4 Exodus 33, 52) However, as the people of Israel fell into quarreling with the people of Gibenons, the people of Gibena were shown mercy by Jehovah and allowed them to survive. The people of Israel did this despite the fact that the people of Israel did not ask him before connecting with the people of Mount Lebanon. Also, Jehovah helped the people of Israel to follow the covenant with the people of Israel and accept them.—Jos. 9:26; 11:19.

7 In what ways can we imitate the people of Gibeon? We must take full advantage of the law of Jehovah. As we become more aware of Jehovah above the people of Gibenons, there are several reasons why we should be more confident about him. (Ps. 40:4, 5) Also as the people of Gibenons, we must be willing to work hard in the service of the Lord. (Yos. 9:23, 27) The young brother Luke working at Bethel recalled that one day an elderly brother in Bethel offered himself a small job. Although the older brother is in many responsibilities at Bethel and is used in a number of ways, he willingly contributed money at night as they construct a Kingdom Hall in their localities. Luke states: “I learned from my brother that submission is not just an emotion. Rather, it is a characteristic that appears in our actions.” Like the people of Gibeon, let us rely on Jehovah daily to help us in our tribulations and humbly do whatever is necessary in the organization of the Lord. By doing so, we show that we believe in Jehovah.

CONSTITUTION OF THE YEHOWA

8 The Bible also mentions the people of Gibeon after centuries during the reign of King Saul. It turned out that 'Saul has been mad at the people of Israel and Judah' and has accused the people of destroying them. * This led to the murder of many Gibeonists. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) What injustice! Saul broke the covenant of peace between the people of Israel and the people of Gibenon for a long time.

9 The people who committed evil deeds against the people of Gibenon were not punished by the Lord immediately. However, when David became king of Israel, the matter was sought by the Lord to be resolved by the Lord, so he did not concern himself with the land for three years, which had given him rest. David wanted to know the cause of this and consults Jehovah. Jehovah informed him that he had been furious with Saul and his household, for years had passed since some of the Gibenons had been killed, leaving them in tears.—2 Sam. 21:1.

* The Bible does not specify the reason for Saul's act of treachery. Some scholars claim that Saul may have been a victim of domestic violence and did not want to settle in Israel.

6. What do we learn from how Jehovah dealt with the people of Gibena?

7. How can we imitate the submissiveness and faith of the people of Gibeon? (See also photo.)

8. What bad deeds did King Saul commit against the people of Gibenon?

9. When did Jehovah reveal the ethnicity of the people of Gibeon?

4 GATEPA

Humble yourself as the people of Gibeon and willingly carry out this task within the congregation (See paragraph 7)

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. King David asked the people of Gibenon what they wanted to do to fight for the injustice that Saul had committed against them. Will the people of Gibeon take advantage of this opportunity to demand that David pay them a large sum of money? No, but it was answered to him that 'it was not a matter of silver or gold,' because under God's Law, no compensation shall be paid for the murderer worthy of death. (4 Exodus 30:30, 31) The people of Gibenons also knew that the Act did not authorize execution, unless the King granted permission. David therefore accepted the request by the Gibers for the murder of seven descendants of Saul who were likely to contribute to that evil act. Over time, Jehovah provided water for the land and food for Israel. This made it clear that the way in which the case was resolved was satisfactory to the Lord.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

In another country or some races are not well treated, but not so for the sake of the Lord. He wants us to treat all people with kindness. In Jehovah's due time, he will rectify the injustices committed against his people. This incident tells us that just as Jehovah wanted the people of Israel to keep the covenant of peace with the people of Gibenons, so he wants us to keep our promises.— Compare Amos 1:9.

12 In what ways can we imitate the people of Gibeon? Even if a sibling treats us unfairly, it is good to be sure that we will take care of Jehovah’s mercy to resolve the matter. If we do so, it will show that we are confident that Jehovah will correct things in time. Consider what happened to Sister Laura French. She became serving at Canada Bethel in 1926. About ten years later, he was unjustly treated. It happened that some of the brothers working at Bethel became known for their lack of faith. Unfortunately, however, Sister French is also known, as they mistakenly think that she has also become

11 What does this incident teach us about Jehovah? He proved that Jehovah is always a God of justice. (Ps. 3728) People are often less likely to respond to people from

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, how do the Gibeons show respect for God’s Law?

11. What do we learn about Jehovah from this incident?

12. How can we imitate the people of Gibeon when they treat us unfairly?

JULY 2026

5

apostate. What did he do? Despite his severe growth, he did not speak badly of the brothers who were taking the lead or the organization. Instead, he actively acted on the four terms of office. In 1940, Sister French was invited back to serve at Be-tel. This is very interesting. He continued serving faithfully for 50 years until he completed his earthly service. Like Sister French, if it happens that we have been wronged, it is good to continue to do what is right and to endure in Jehovah’s eyes trying to send things at the right time.—Yes. 26:3, 4.

WALKING IN THE WISE OF THE WISE

13 500 years after the reign of King David, the name of the people of Gibeon was revived in Biblia. 70 years of exile in Babylon ended in 537 BC (D.Y.) in. Two Jewish groups from exile in Babylon came Jerusalem-salem. The first class followed Governor Cerubabel. (Sale 2:1, 2, 58) Post-season period in 468 BC. in the second generation follows the reenactmenter Ezra. (Essale 7:1-7) “Netinim” was between both parties. (See footnotes at Ezra 2:58 and 7:7.) Who are Netinimos? “They are non-Israeli temple-born,” and many are probably the southern children of the population of the Gibeon.—See Unique Words Translation, “Netinim.”

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 with footnote. Significantly, “the temple servants” were also among the earliest groups of Israelis from exile. The reason is that not all Jews were willing to return from exile. Many Jews were likely to have worked money and built quality houses in Babylon, so some did not want to-leave the satisfaction they had found in Babylon to help with work in Jerusalem. However, some descendants of the Gbeneans and loyal Jews wanted to return to rebuild the temple to Jehovah in Jerusalem, and died back suddenly though this was not easy for them. The land belongs to the Jews in Israel, but this is not the case with the people of Gibenons. Nevertheless, they voluntarily returned to practice service to the Lord at the temple and also helped to form the Jerusalem fences.—Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this incident teach us about Ye-howa? It tells us that Jehovah deeply loves and cares for his faithful servants. From the time of the acquisition by the Yebeon and Israel received the Prosecure of the Territory until the end of Israel's exile in Babylon some 1,000 years. However, Jehovah continued to accept them. The descendants of the Gabonese survived the destruction of Judah and Jerusalem in 607 BC. in. Later, when they returned from exile, they continued to help the pure worship with the children of Lewis at the temple. Some of them may have brought a house to the temple. (Sale 2:70; Neh. 11:21) And because they worked in the temple, the Persian king ordered them not to pay taxes.—He sold 7:24.

16 In what ways can we imitate the Gabonese? We also want to do our best to promote true worship.

13. Who are the “Netinims," and what task has been taken since they got out of exile in Babylon?

14. How did the people of Gibeon continue to serve Jehovah loyally and loyally? (1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote)

15. What does this Gabeon story tell us about Ye-howa?

16. How can we imitate the people of Gibeon in worshipping Jehovah?

6 GBETATAKRY

We love Jehovah and want his will done, so we are happy to offer it to him--if ever we are worshipping him. This thing built- up brother Alwin of the Philippines. She was working at a large oil retailer as well as the prize. However, he wanted to do more in Jehovah's service. Therefore, every time the district minister visits their congregation, Alwin demands permission to work so that he can do more in the field of evangelism. Brother Al-win made several phone calls about the situation, and over time he decided to resign from that task and find another job that would allow him to find time-to-do the day-to-day access. He knew that if he were to give up that job, he would not be financially disappointed. But he saw the job that led him to start the road project. His wife has also begun the pioneering project and the two have helped 21 people to acquire the truth. There is no doubt that Jehovah deeply appreciates this couple. We too can be sure that Jehovah will be grateful for whatever we offer him in his service and that he will continue to provide for our needs.—Mat. 6:33.

17 The way in which Jehovah dealt with the people of Gibeon led us to learn more about his good qualities. We come to recognize that Jehovah is abundant-self-sufficient, compassionate, just, and faithful. She always rewards her faithful ministers. We have also learned a number of important lessons from the people of Gibeon. Some are to keep our faith strong, and we will be certain that Jehovah will help us in times of distress as he helped the people of Gibenon. Faith will help us to willingly carry out this assigned task in the Ye-howa community. We learned that we should be patient and confident that he will rectify any injustice in the right way at the right time. Also, we will continue to take a loyal and active stand against worshipping Jehovah. Come on, let's keep an eye on the people of Gi-beons and learn their lesson.

17. What have you learned from the Biblical history of the Gibenons?

WHAT CAN YOU DO?

₹ How can we show ourselves humbly and with faith like the people of Gibenon?

₹ How can we imitate the people of Gibeon when they treat us unfairly?

₹ How can we continue to serve Jehovah faithfully as the Gbenons?

HADZIDZI 148 Yeswa, Affiliate

SEPTEMBER 14-20,

HADZID 41 Oh God, The Law Is a Prayer

If we are discouraged or discouraged, meditation on the contents of Isaiah’s book can comfort us.

The Text of Isaiah’s Book can Poeze You

“Here is what Jehovah says: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 'If a mother voted freely for her child, that is how I would vote for you.' ”—IES. 66:12, 13.

Be aware that a child is sad and is crying for training. Maybe their family is moving to another area and is deeply saddened by the departure from their friends. Or the child may have committed some serious wrong. During that time, what would a mother who loves her son do? Be kind to her, asking her what is disturbing her, and hugging her and hugging her for love.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah likens himself to a loving mother who humbly pleads for her son. “If a mother voted freely for her child, that’s how I would vote for you,” said Jehovah. (Yes. 66:13) Jehovah-wa loves us more than our parents love us. (Yes. 1949:15) Therefore, Jehovah through his Word of the Bible empowers us to comfort us whenever we are discouraged or discouraged.—Rom. 15:4.

3 Jehovah has made several statements in the book of Isaiah to comfort us. (Yes. 40:1) Our Father of love gave his holy spirit to Isaiah writing this book encouraging the nation of Judah upon the establishment of a difficult circumstance. Because we are living in 'hard times', we also need a lot of comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let us consider some summaries of the book of Isaiah; we can be consoled and empowered in the following situations: (1) when things have changed urgently in our lives, (2) when we are deeply guilty of a bad thing

1-2. When we are discouraged or discouraged, how does Jehovah help us?

3. What will we consider in this article?

8

we have committed, or (3) when we are saddened by the death of a key person.

When Things change for the worse in our lives

4 Unexpected things can happen to us in life. (Title. 9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) We can get into urgent situations, financial hardship, or calamity in our country. It is also possible for the organization to assign extra services to a full-time minister. These changes can cause anxiety or confusion. We may ask ourselves: 'What will I do now?' A brother named Joseph, who served at Bethel for 17 years, was later replaced to become a daily pioneer, said: “I lost control. Because I had been at Bethel for years, it was very awkward for me to start life elsewhere. I didn’t know how things would work out for me.” If things have changed for us in our lives, what assurances does Jehovah give through Isaiah that will strengthen us?

5 Read Isaiah 42.16. Jehovah has promised to take the blindfolded people symbolically through an unidentified tribe and make them a beacon of obscurity. The terms used in this verse, “blind eyes,” “unknown ear,” “cognizant ear,”“ sweet,” and “gray place” describe how we can feel when things change for us in life. It can make us feel like we are going through a fight and we do not know exactly where we will arrive. But Jehovah guarantees us that in all circumstances he will guide us and will never abandon us. He will give us his hand

4. How may we feel when things change for the worse in our lives?

5. What guarantee did Jehovah make at Isaiah 42:16? (See also photo.)

Even if things have changed in your life, Jehovah will not abandon you (See paragraph 5)

'I wouldn't leave you in a room you didn't know'

He will keep our arms in the dark, clarifying our road and making it smooth places for justice. How does Jehovah do this? Through his Word and his organization, he gives us good advice. (Ps. 07/105; Yes. 30:21) Also, it through our fellow believers and others help us. Even if we do not know how things will affect us in the future, we can be sure that Jehovah will always help us because he loves us and knows how we feel.—Yes. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 Joseph's brother, whom we have discussed in the past, recounted how he and his wife were cared for by Jehovah in a loving manner when they left Bethel. She said: “We have seen how much Jehovah has helped us with changing our assignments. Through our brotherly love he has deeply helped us. He has provided for our physical needs for us after we are awakened and he continues to do it now." If things have changed for the better in your life, be assured that Jehovah will also strengthen you and guide you. (Yes. 1954:10; 58:11) Joseph went on to say: "One of our compositions correctly says, 'I will not worry about tomorrow. I will rely on my great God. ‘* Indeed, while things will not go as we expected, we know that Jehovah will help us.”

When we are discouraged about something we have done, let us take our stand for what is right.

7 If we commit a serious wrong and confess to the elders, they help us

* The songs are derived from the poem titled “I Know I Am With Him”

6. If things have changed for us in our lives, on what can we be sure?

7. How do some people feel about what they have done in the past?

is loving and tries not to repeat that evil. (Lod. 18:13; Yak. 5:14-16; 1 John. 1:9) However, even if Jehovah forgives us for our bad deeds, it is possible that we will still be guilty of them. We may be wondering, 'Is it really granted by Jehovah?' (2 Cor. 2:7) It can be difficult to forget what you have done in the past and it will be a long time for you. King David said: “I have been miserable for my evil deeds. My heart is broken, and my back is dry." (Ps. 38:3, 8) If you feel the same way about a bad thing you have done in the past, don't worry, you can be consoled by Isaiah's book.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah used an analogy to describe how he completely forgives our sins. He said that even if we play bad things “beverously” it will make them “groom like snow.” What is ugly and elusive is not easy. Through these words, Jehovah assures us that if he forgives us, he never remembers them.

9 Consider King David's example. Despite his adultery and murder, Jehovah pardoned him and later described him as walking before him in pure conscience. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 King. 9:4, 5) Jehovah remembers David's faithfulness, not his mistakes. Similarly, if we repent, we are forgiven by his love and help us to continue serving him with a pure conscience. But if we are still guilty of self-incrimination, what other guarantee is contained in the book of Isaiah for us?

10 Read Isaiah 38:17 with footnote.

8-9. As shown at Isaiah 1:18, how much does Jehovah offer?

10. What comfort is given us by Isaiah 38:17?

10 GББЕТАРА

“You put all my evil things behind you”

Jehovah does not treat us with kindness based on what we have done in the past (See paragraph 11)

The words “you have thrown all my evil things behind your back” can be further translated “you have taken away my evil things from your eyes.” This verse describes Jehovah as throwing down evils on the back of a repentant villain, where His eyes will no longer see him or look at him. A reference translates this to: "You [my evil things] as if they had not happened at all." So if Jehovah forgives our sins, it is only as though we have not committed them at all. Jehovah will not blame or punish us for the wrong that he has committed against us. It just seems like he has completely erased it. He himself promised: “I will not remember your evil deeds.” (Yes. 1943:25) This statement is very open to us! If Jehovah, the Supreme Judge of the universe, no longer remembers our evil deeds, we too must turn our attention away from them and stop blaming ourselves.

Do not let past wrongdoing destroy your good fortune

11 Whenever our heart continues to condemn us for something we have done in the past, we need to remember the comfort of Jehovah. Jehovah is totally responsible for the sacrifice. He does not hold back from us because of the evil we have done in the past, and he is not like imperfect humans who hold office. (Yes. 57:16) It is not what we have done in the past that matters to the Lord, but what we are doing now as well as what kind of person we are trying to be to him. (Yes. 55:7) It is clear that Jehovah loves us so much and truly cares! Therefore, we should never allow past wrongdoing to destroy our joy now or

11. Regardless of what evil we have done in the past, what does it matter to Jehovah? (See also photo.)

JULY 2026 11

“Your Dead Will Live”

The hope of our loved ones coming to their rescue will certainly be fulfilled (See paragraph 14)

Let us not give up in the pursuit of the blessings of the future.

When we are talking about the death of a child or a child

12 When a loved one dies, our grief ends and the pain lasts for a long time. Sometimes we ask ourselves, 'Why does Jehovah allow our loved one to die?' A brother Michael whose parents died after leaving their house said: “I was so devastated, and I was disappointed with Jehovah for allowing my parents to die. I know it wasn't him that caused death, but I also didn't prevent it." Maybe you feel the same way. What comfort does Jehovah give us in the event of such a birth?

12. How do we sometimes feel when a loved one dies?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah promised that he would 'kill forever.' Think about when death will be no longer! Never will it be possible to suffer the death of a loved one. (Yes. 35.10) It will never be possible to see a loved one's grave and feel pain. Instead, you can expect your loved one to live with you and be healthy. This is not a dream, but a promise that will come, because the promise is made only by God, who can make it come true.—Smart. 21:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Not only will God die, but he will also restore our dead loved ones to life. Coverage of the deaths

13. What good promise did Jehovah give us at Isaiah 25:8?

14. How do you feel when you consider the prospect of resurrection? (Jesaya 26:19) (See also photo.)

12 GETEP

the one said: “My corpses will stand upright.” This means that the dead are considered by the Lord to be his. They remain in the mind of Jehovah. And on his time, he stood by them. Just as a lifeblood gives birth to seeds, Jehovah, the source of life, will give life to our loved ones who have fallen asleep in death. It would be great joy to walk it for those of our loved ones!— Compare Mark 5:42.

15 God's promise to heal the bodies should not completely remove our grief now, but it makes us realize that Jehovah has not forgotten our dead loved ones. This is very clear to us. This hope is also comforting to the aforementioned brother Michael. She said: “The words of Isaiah 26:19 helped me to understand that Jehovah deeply loves my parents. They remain in his mind, and he will continue to remember them until his time in their death. This is free to vote for me and strengthen me.” It is not until then that we too will focus on when we and our loved ones will be reunited. This will make us happy.

16 We have examined some passages of the book of Isaiah that can comfort us if things have changed urgently in our lives, if we are deeply guilty of something wrong we have done, or if we are saddened by the death of a loved one of our loved ones. We are very happy that Jehovah gives his Word freely to us! (Ps. 94:19) Do you have a particular scripture freely voted for when experiencing crises? Keep it in mind if possible, or write it open to the eye. Please note that Jehovah, our loving Father in heaven, will continue to comfort you.

15. When a loved one dies, how does the resurrection hope help us?

16. What scriptures do you want to be open to when you are facing trouble?

WHAT IS MEANING IN THE FOTO Page 9: A couple leaving Bethel go to meet in their new congregation and are being taken by their siblings. Page 11: A brother distracts himself from the wrongdoings he has committed in the past and enjoys serving the Pioneer Service School.

HOW CAN THE FUNTERS teach YOU . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Isaiah 1942:16?

₹ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

Article 3 You Are Our Strength and Our Hope

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

HADDI 12 Great God Jehovah

In this article, we will note what it means to know Jehovah, why we should strive to become better aware of him, and how we can do so.

Something That Will Help You Get to Know Jehovah Better

“Listen to the God of your father, and serve him with a complete heart.” —1 KRON. 28.9.

Have you considered the depth of Jehovah’s expertise and the number of incidents he has committed? Reflecting on our Creator leads to our loss of expression. You may-you may feel as the apostle Paul, when he said: "Oh, God's wealth and wisdom and depth of knowledge! How is there no detailed fire-fighting of his dues, and his ways are not known!”—Rom. 11:33, 34.

2 We cannot know anything about Jehovah, but we can find out something about the kind of Person he is. King David told his son Solomon: “The God of your father is the God, and you shall serve him with all your heart. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . If you would, then you will find it." (1 Crown. 28.9) After the first century, the apostle John reminded his Christian brothers that they had the ability to 'identify what is true'. (1 John. 5:20) Jesus himself also said that he would help people 'to know the Father well'—Mat. 11:27.

3 We all dedicated to the Lord learn a lot about him. However, we are still learning more about it all the time so that we can 'be aware' better. (Yoh. 17:3.) For example, we will continue to learn about the effects of

1. How do you feel when you ponder on the wonders of Jehovah’s creations and the wisdom he has?

2. Why can we be sure that we can better know the true God?

3. What will we consider in this article?

14

happen to him and how we will fully trust him. Regardless of how long we are serving Jehovah, the answers to the following three questions will benefit all of us: What does it mean to know Jehovah? Why should we be concerned about Jehovah? And how can we make sure that we know Jehovah better?

WHAT DO THE FACTS SHOW?

4 Jehovah promised the Jews who would escape exile in Babylon: “I will give them my favor, if they are to emerge to me that I am the LORD.” This promise gives us insight into what it means to know Jehovah. (Jeer. 24:7) There is no doubt that those Jews already knew much about the Lord. To know the true God, however, it is important for their conscience to be involved. This includes their thoughts and feelings. One reference work states: “There is a great distinction between knowing about God and knowledge of God, or real knowledge of God. For example, when a person reads a love story in a book, it does not mean that he knows what a love is really, unless someone has gotten fond of it." He knows that God exists and his name is the only one whose name is Jehovah. We need to know who he is.

5 When we come to know what is pleasing to the Lord, we come to know what is pleasing to him and what is not. For example, think of King Josiah. The Bible tells of him: “In the eighth year of his reign, only when he was still a son, he signed the search for the God of his grandfather, David." (2 Kron. 34:3) Josiah not only learned about Jehovah but also applied what he learned. Through the prophet Jeremiah, Jehovah said, Josiah ‘cheap down on his head and act fairly' and vilified the oppressed and the poor. And Jehovah added: “Is that not my knowledge?”—Jere. 22:15, 16.

6 Read Ps 9:10. The more we come to know Jehovah, the more we will trust him. This was the case with the apostle Paul. When he was in jail for the last time before he was killed, he said: “I am sorry. I know who I believe.” (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul's learning about Jehovah and his experiences in life gave him complete confidence in God. The White language learning Bible explains in this verse: “Paulo guarantees that Jehovah will remember his faithful work, and will resurrect him."

Why should we be concerned about the progress of Jehovah’s organization?

7 When we began serving Jehovah, we suddenly learned a lot about him. But as time goes on, it is possible for the fire in our hands to go down. For what? As we read the Bible on our own or at the meetings, we will often focus on how the teachings will benefit us or how we will use it to benefit others. This is not bad, because the Scriptures encourage us to do so. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) But there is also something more important, which we must do. (Ps. 25:8-10) That is, let us focus on our Creator, the author of the Bible. Therefore, when reading the Bible, it is important to keep asking ourselves,

4. What does it mean to know Jehovah?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah about knowledge of Jehovah?

6. As shown at Ps 9:10, what benefit will it offer us if we come to know Jehovah?

7. What can happen when we are serving Jehovah long ago?

JULY 2026 15

'What does this mean about the God of Jehovah? '*

8 When we come to know the true God, we will become closer to him. For example, how do you feel about Jehovah when you read the Bible, when you see a program of our media outlet, or attend a convention? We are usually given more than what Jehovah gave us. For what? The reason is that we have learned a lot about it. And this brings us to praise and thank him. We feel like the poet Asaph. Reflecting on how much Jehovah cares for him, he said: “God will be my rock for me, and my share forever.” (Read Ps 73:24-28.) Any effort we make to deepen our knowledge of Jehovah will further deepen our appreciation for his friendship with us.

9 The Bible cautions us to ‘pay attention to the Lord in all our ways.' (Lod. 3:5, 6) This means that we will consider the lessons we have learned about Jehovah and also consider how he feels about our actions. This will help us to make a good decision. Some siblings, for example, post their spouse's photo on a blindfolded eye when it can be seen on a regular basis. As a result, they frequently remember their spouse and how they loved her. It helps them decide which course to take for their spouse to be happy, avoiding things that make her feel better. Similarly, if we always remember our God and our loving God-

* See the 20th question of the New World Translation of the Bible, “Some of the Highlights of God’s Word,"

8. When we come to know Jehovah better, what will help us? (Psalmo 73:24-28)

9. If we pay attention to the Lord in all our ways, how will it benefit us? Make a model.

white, this will help us make decision to please him.—Ps. 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah created us in his image, and therefore we were able to show his qualities. (1 Exodus 1:26) As we learn more about the qualities of Jehovah, we will become more likely to understand how to learn them. Jesus denounced the scribes and the Pharisees for not displaying religious rites. Despite familiarity with the details of the Act's codifications, "[they] overlook the essence of the Act, namely justice and mercy as well as loyalty." (Mat. 23:23) Instead, we should not act like such leaders. Instead, we should meditate on the rules and principles that we learn from the Bible so that we can identify what we are taught about Jehovah. As we do so, it will help us to reflect on the qualities of Jehovah. —1 Yoyo. 4:8, 11.

How can we become better acquainted with Jehovah?

11 Who first taught you about Jehovah? Maybe your parents are Jehovah's servants. Bible narratives are likely told to give you insight into the kind of person God is and how his artifacts reveal his qualities. Or maybe a Jehovah’s Witnesses came to study the Bible with you. You're probably using it to Live Happy Forever! the book helps you reflect on the biblical events. And it shows you how to recognize Jehovah's loving qualities in what he has done. * (Neh. 8:8; Work. 14:17) Let us now consider how

* See the book Enjoy Life Forever! chapter 7, discussion 5-7.

10. If we learn about Jehovah’s qualities, how will it benefit us?

11. Who first taught you about Jehovah?

16 GATECTYPE

Think about the creatures to get to know Jehovah better (See paragraph 15)

Keep learning about the Lord.

12 The first thing that will help you to know more about Jehovah is to study his Word, the Bible. Sometimes, the Bible lists God's qualities directly. (2 Exodus 34:6, 7) However, it is often referenced by the actions and decisions of the people. So if you read a Biblical account, try to identify the circumstances of Jehovah that he showed.

13 Here is an example of how you can do this. Suppose you are reading Jeremiah 38:6-13. You will find out that it applies to the Ethiopian Ebed-Melek, which is accepted by the prophet Jeremiah. There is no doubt that you immediately recognize the ways in which you learn about Ebed-Melek's love, commitment, and courage. But what qualities of Jehovah do you recognize in that story? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) What, then, does it mean that Jehovah appreciates the accomplishments of his people? What shows that Jehovah dreams of a righteous girl? What shows that Jehovah does not look at people? Have you noticed some of the other characteristics of Jehovah in the story? Whenever you read a portion of the Bible, try to discern and appreciate the divine qualities that have been evident there.

14 The second thing that will help you to know more about the Lord is to keep your mind on his hands. (Ps. 145:9, 10) This means not only that we are paying attention to the creations of Jehovah but that we must do something beyond that. Because some actually spend most of their time studying nature, but they are unable to recognize that God exists and that he did things! The apostle Paul said that God’s “invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world’s creation, as they are evident in detail

12-13. What can you learn about Jehovah from reading the Bible? Make a model. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also the picture on the cover.)

14. What do we need to consider with regards to creations?

JULY 2026 17

created by him." (Rom. 1:20) A Biblical translation defines this verse as “the able-bodied person is able to discern the qualities of God.” Therefore, every time we see a creature of our Creator, we need to think so as to recognize its good qualities.

15 Some of our brothers in cities, where nature is unusual. Is it possible for them to also learn about the creatures of Jehovah? Yes, it is possible. Consider Patrick, a Congolese city called Brazzaville. She said: “I stop my room looking at God's creatures. And it is often invisible to the working class of small intestine in search of food or shelter. One day, I found some birds picking up things in the area to create a nice nest for a child." Patrick not only observed these things clearly, but seriously reflected on the Creator. She said: “I come to realize that Jehovah is a God of love who cares for even its smallest creatures. This has convinced me more that it cares for me and will always help me get the things I need."

16 The third thing that will help you to know Jehovah better is to meditate on what he has done for you. This is exactly what Jesus' mother, Mary, did. She knew Jehovah God well and 'God was hurt.' (Luke 1:30) God gave a single voice to her that she would give birth to her son. A very large task is

15. What did Patrick do to get to know Jehovah better, and how can you imitate his example? (See also photo.)

16. What helped Jesus ’ mother, Mary, to become better acquainted with Jehovah, and how can we learn? (See also photo.)

Think deeply about what Jehovah has done for you so that you will know him better (See paragraph 16)

18 BETWEEN

that. She was encouraged and empowered by Jehovah through her messengers Gabriel and Elizabeth, the relative of Mary. Maria reflected on their issues and as a result, she became more convinced that Jehovah cares for the vulnerable, compassionate, impartial, and compassionate. (Luke 1:46-55) Mary has appreciated God's help; similarly, we are pleased when God helps us “in a time of need.” (Heb. 4:16) Therefore, every time Jehovah helps you, ask yourself: 'What does this mean about the Lord? What is the nature of the Jehovah in what he has done to me?'

WE WILL never develop our own friendship with the Jehovah

17 Think about how much we will learn about Jehovah in the new world. At that time, new scrolls will be opened that will give us insight into what Jehovah wants us to do. (Audience. 20:12) We shall become fully enjoying the creations of the Lord and thus know him better. (Yes. 11:6-9) And when we come together to witness the things we have never seen before; for example, when our principals are resurrected, and we become progressively perfect, this will make us come to know our Father in special ways.

18 We will never stop learning about Jehovah. He is God from eternity to eternity, so there is “no limit on his understanding.” (Ps. 90:2; 147:5) It is impossible for us 'to know all the work that the true God has done from the beginning to the end.' (Title. 3:11) Therefore, how long are we serving the Lord? Let us take every opportunity to learn more about our loving Father, Jehovah.

17-18. Why can we say that we will never stop learning about Jehovah?

WHAT IS IN CONSTITUTION IN THE FOTO: Ebed-Melek was pleased to welcome Jeremiah in the car accident. Page 18: A brother who is deeply worried is reflecting on how Jehovah helped him to fulfill his assignment during the midweek meeting.

WHAT CAN YOU DO?

₹ What does it mean to know Jehovah?

₹ Why should we be concerned about Jehovah?

₹ How can we make sure that we know Jehovah better?

HADZIDZI 28 We Are Jehovah's Friends

SeptEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

ADZIDZI 79

We Teach Them to Be Solid

TERRITORY

In this article, we will learn how to help our students get to know the God of the Bible, recognize his qualities, and know what is pleasing to him and what is not.

Help People Get to Know Jehovah

“This is the eternal life to know you, the only true God.”—YOH. 17:3.

If your Bible student began attending the meetings, began commenting, on what he was learning, and over time dedicated himself to Jehovah to doing his will, how would you feel? There is no doubt that you will be very happy! And this brings us praise to the Lord, for he is the one who helps the student of the Bible to progress in the truth.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John. 3, 4.

2 The will of God is to “classify all people, and have true knowledge.” ( Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4) Jehovah wants people to know him, both what he has done and what he will do. (Jeer. 9:24) This requires genuine knowledge. What does it mean to have “true knowledge”? It does not mean simply to know about God. A Biblical scholar said that it means how one learns and what one learns “will affect and make changes in one's life." When a Bible student comes to know Jehovah, what he learns has affected his life. And this will allow him to come and find “permanent life.”—John. 17:3.

3 Jehovah has given us a great chance to help people come to know him. In this article, we will consider the following questions: Why is it important for Bible students to become familiar with Jehovah? How can we teach them to know the true identity of Jehovah? And how can we help them to act

1. How do you feel when a Bible student starts to worship Jehovah?

2. What is the love of Jehovah for Bible students? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this article?

20

the ones learning about the Lord have worked in their lives?

AND THE BLOCK IS RELEASE OF THE BIRLD HEAR

4 Jesus said that the greatest commandment is to love Jehovah with our whole heart, whole soul, full mind and full power. ( Read Mark 12:30.) To love the true God, a student of the Bible needs to know him well. We want a student of the Bible to get baptized because he loves Jehovah, not because he wants to please us, be friends with other Witnesses, or because some of the Bible's teachings are pleasing to him. Therefore, the main reason should be our goal when studying the Bible with people is to help them get to know and love Jehovah.

5 When a Bible student comes to know and love Jehovah, this will make him listen. Jesus made it clear that a person who loves God will listen, saying: “That the world may know that I love the Father, I am doing exactly what the Father ordered me to do.” (Yoh. 14:31) In the same way, a Bible student who deeply loves Jehovah will want to listen and fully relate to him.—1 John. 5:3.

6 Bible students who are fluent in the knowledge of Jehovah often make good decisions. We can illustrate it as follows: If a person wants to be a pilot, he or she will not only learn directions about flying or write exams about flying. However, it is also important to be with professional pilots to learn how to die and also take him/her own for a while. This will inform him how to die through various weather conditions. In the same way, to become intimately acquainted with Jehovah, a learner needs not only to study the Bible but also to apply what he learns in life. If so, the positive results will make it discover that the Bible’s guidance is practical. This will make it possible for him to know Jehovah well. And if he notices how Jehovah is helping him, he will be able to make good decisions in any situation.

7 Joseph was helped by the knowledge of Jehovah when his wife, Potifar, wanted to have sex with her. There is no doubt that at a young age Joseph would listen to Adam and Eve, as well as to Abraham and Sarah's histories. ( Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) Such narratives likely helped Joseph to find the mind of Jehovah on marriage and sex. Joseph became so well known to Jehovah that he was able to refute the pressures of his wife, Potifar, and he told her: “How can I even do this great evil and evil against God?" (1 Exodus 39:7-9) Joseph knows what is pleasing to the Lord and what is unacceptable to him. He knows that some actions may cause pain to God. This led Joseph to make a good decision. If we help our students get to know Jehovah well, they too will make the decision to please him.

The King will determine whom the eraser is.

8 How can you help your student to know the true identity of Jehovah? Jehovah asked Job fifty different questions to help him find out more about him

4. When teaching Bible students, what should be our goal? (Marko 12:30)

5. If your Bible student loves Jehovah, what will it cost him?

6. If your Bible student gets to know Jehovah well, what will be the benefit of him? Make a model.

7. How did knowledge of Jehovah help Joseph to make good decisions?

8. How to Make a Successful Use of Life Forever! The book will help your student to know the true identity of Jehovah?

JULY 2026 21

Continued Student-Reviewed Petitions

There is a multitude of questions to Live Forever! the paper contains edits to help learners to become aware of Jehovah. Some of its features are as follows:

“How does Jehovah feel about people who preach the good news?” (study 21)

“What have you learned about Jehovah and Jesus which convinced you that it is right to destroy those human governments and their adherents [in Armageddon]?” (study 33)

“How does the Lord feel when you act wisely and listen? Why did you answer that?” (34 lessons)

“If we married someone who does not love Jehovah, how do you think that Jehovah feels?” (study 42)

“What does this scripture teach us about the forgiveness of Jehovah?” (study 56)

“How does the way in which Jehovah responds to the sinners shows him that he is a God of understanding and of pity?” (study 57)

about. (Hiob 38:1–41:34) We too can apply questions when teaching. Requests for Lifetime Joy have been revised forever! the book to help learners find out more about Jehovah's qualities. (See box “Questions by Learners Forward.”) So use those questions to help your student come to know the true identity of Jehovah.

9 When we start to study the Bible with people, we encourage them to read the Bible daily. * How can we help them to benefit from reading the Bible? We can encourage them that any part of the Bible is read, they will ponder on the reason why Jehovah has that text written in his Word, and they will recognize Jehovah's qualities in what they read. This very approach was used by the disciple James as he was studying about Job. He realized that Job had endured many hardships, but he also learned in Job's history that the work of Jehovah is much turned upside down, and compassionate.— Read James 5:11.

10 We want our Bible students to see how each of the Bible's stories shows things that please Jehovah and things that are not. Take, for example, that your student watched the “Do It to Read the Bible” box of eternal Happiness! in the book and tells you that he wants to read about Daniel

* Enjoy Life Forever! in lesson 5, the book encourages learners: “Use the program 'Do It to Read the Bible' to help you be reading the Bible regularly.”

9-10. (a) What will help learners to benefit more from reading the Bible? (Jakob 5:11) (b) specify the model of how the biblical history will help a learner recognize what is pleasing to the Lord and what is not worthy of him.

22 BETWEEN

Show your learner that reading a portion of the Bible and understanding it hard for him to remember what he knows about Jehovah (See paragraphs 12-13)

about when he was in the lionesses' pit. What would you do? You may encourage him to reflect on such questions while reading the material: 'Why did Jehovah protect Daniel? In this story, what does Jehovah like?' (Dan. 6:10, 22) The disciple may also ask himself: 'What happened to the men from Daniel? In this story, what does not appeal to the Lord?' (Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) Finally, he may reflect on the other qualities of the Jehovah that he has observed in the narrative.—Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 When our Bible student realizes that what he is learning is beneficial to him, we are happy. However, it is important for us to help ensure that the lessons we learn are inspired by the Grand Instructor, Jehovah. (Yes. 30:20, 21) Our disciple may give thanks for the course or recommend us for the way we teach. Although these are not bad, we should always remember that it is Jehovah who will be grateful and it is him who will give all the credit.

CONSTITUTIONS FOR THE BEARER'S BEARER

12 To benefit from true knowledge, we must apply what we learn. So how can you help your student to apply what he or she learns? First, he meant that if he read a portion of the Bible and understood it hard for him to remember what he knew about Jehovah. She may have been reading about some of the biblical events and realized that Jehovah had granted her death as a death sentence for some but that she was sad for some others, causing her confusion. If this happens, how can you help your student to think things through?

13 Encourage him to reflect on what he has learned about the Lord. In

11. How can we help our Bible student to see that what he is learning is from Jehovah?

12-13. How does familiarity with the knowledge of Jehovah help a learner when it comes to understanding a certain Biblical event? (See also photo.)

JULY 2026 23

example: How does Jehovah feel about humans? (2 Pet. 3:9) What great thing has Jehovah done to save us though we are evil? (Ef. 2:4, 5) Does Jehovah punish those who do not qualify for punishment? But does he reject punishments for those who are fond of him? ( Exodus 34:6, 7) The Bible sometimes does not make this reference to an incident which allows us to fully understand why the decision of the High Court is made in some ways impossible. And we do not necessarily need to know this matter. We know our God, and we are sure that he always does what is right.

There is also another way to help your Bible student put into practice what he has learned about Jehovah. Suppose your student is attending the meetings, but he is having difficulty understanding a brother's affairs. The brother may have done something close enough. If that happens, it is good to encourage the learner to consider how Jehovah views our brothers. Let him ask himself, what did Jehovah do to show his love for all of his servants? (Yoh. 3:16) How is the unity between us important to the Lord? (Ps. 133:1) How does the Lord feel when we die for peace between us and our brethren? (2 Cor. 13:11) Help your disciple to realize that it pleases the Lord if we give attention to the well-being of our brothers, not their bad deeds.

15 Finally, help your learner to apply what he learns about Jehovah when faced with important decision making. You Can Have a Happy Life Forever! the 35th lesson of the book, titled “You Must Make a Good Decision” will be added. What if the learner refuses to take the advice and investigates the issue but is still making it difficult for him to make the decision? She may have observed a number of biblical principles, but she did not know who would work in her situation. If so, let her consider the example Jesus set. What event helps Jesus to make what decision? He said: “I always do things that please [My Dad].” (Read John 8:29.) Let the learner ask himself, 'According to the research I have done with things I know about Jehovah, what decision will I make?' Make note that any decision that will please Jehovah is the right decision.

14. How can you help your disciple if it is difficult for him to love a sibling?

Help your Bible student to find out how to make the decision to please Jehovah (See paragraphs 15-16)

15-16. (a) How can a learner learn from Jesus when he needs to make important decisions? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help her disciple make the right decision? (See also photo.)

24 GБЕТАРА

16 It became necessary for a woman in Chile who was studying the Bible to make a decision on an important issue. His family members wanted to accept a job that would raise her to raise more money, but she could no longer attend the meetings regularly. Marianne, her Bible teacher, said: “I encouraged her to consider how her choice would make Jehovah feel. Will he be happy with or will he be able to improve? I also encouraged her to take the matter seriously to see how much Jehovah will answer her prayers. She did not like that job, and soon found another job that allowed her to attend all the meetings." Note that Marianne did not make the decision for the learner, but rather helped her to consider what she had learned about Jehovah. This brought the student closer to Marianne, and most importantly he became more fond of Jehovah. Marianne said: "The [learner] has come to recognize that putting the worship of Jehovah first is a good thing for us."

EYEWA AYRA RELEASE as you prepare for a meeting to discuss the topic of the meeting between you and your partner.

17 Bible studies with people help them to become familiar with many of the teachings of the Bible. For example, they come to know the condition of the dead, what Jesus had for us, and what the Kingdom would do. Much became known about the Jehovah's organization; how we conduct our meetings, the appointment of elders and the work of the Commission. However, we want our students to know more than just these. We want to become better acquainted with Jehovah.

18 We have a huge opportunity to educate people about Jehovah! People who come to know and serve Jehovah are now genuinely happy. (Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, all persons who 'have acquired by the Lord, indeed,' shall have lasting enjoyment in life. (1 John. 5:20) But I did not hear that. The Bible says that 'the Lord God knows' all the people who died suddenly come to know and love him. (1 Cor. 8:3) Yes, God Almighty recognizes us and views us as his friends. What a great blessings it is that we have come to know the only true God!

17. In contrast to biblical truths that we teach our students, what is our main curiosity?

18. What blessings are enjoyed by those who come to know Jehovah now, and what will be the future?

WHAT IS MEANING IN THE FOTO Page 24 When Marianne's Bible student decided not to take a job demonstration.

WHAT CAN YOU DO?

₹ Why should a Bible student become familiar with Jehovah?

₹ How can we teach a student to know the true identity of Jehovah?

₹ How can we help a student to develop what he or she learns about Jehovah?

HADLZIDZI 84 We'll Do More

LIFELIST

I Let Jehovah Shape Me

AS TOLD BY KEN KIUCHI

I never noticed the language I had started working at Brooklyn Bethel's bookshop in New York, America. Once I reached the publisher's foot, the heavy drop in the bookshops and their steady work caused me to worry. Paper sniffing and gasoline sniffing covered the entire area.

I noticed something else that impressed me deeply that day. She is the youth and young ladies who were working there. Although their work required a consistent approach, they were happy to do so. Their work is not publicly visible to the public, but is a source of concern to them. Their good example made me realize what it means to serve God humbly.

As the years passed, I was gradually changing the hand of Jehovah so that I could improve my service to him. But first, let me tell you how I was searching for the truth when I was in Buddhism.

MEDI GOD IS IN MY BREAST

I was born in Chicago in Illinois, America. That is where I grew up. Four of us were born, and I am an adult. My parents were Japanese immigrants to Chicago to enjoy life in America, as many people do at the time. They want their children to have better education, and things are going well for them in life.

My parents are devout Buddhists. Buddah had a backyard in my water house. My grandfather and two niece are Buddhist monks. Therefore, Buddhism has had a profound impact on me since childhood. When I came from school, my first thing I did was to keep my distance from the Buddha idol in our house, and I also provided him with milk and water. On Sundays, we go to the Buddhist temple and pray before the larger, cooled Buddha idol.

I recall that when I was about seven years old, I was looking at the sink where we were living at home and wondered: 'What would life be like after my death?' Buddhism teaches us that we will live in a spiritual realm after death. I'm just old enough, I'm really sorry to come and die one day. I may not become a ghost, but I will no longer enjoy life as a human. I'm so sad! I felt immediately that I could not do anything about the situation.

When I was about 15, there was no further definition of Buddhism rites that I had not attended to. I had been looking for something in life that I had not seen yet. (Mat. 5:3) I feel

26 BETWEEN

that there is an omnipotent God. I want to recognize. And I thought maybe the Bible would help me. So I had already purchased the King James Version Bible (Bible du roi Jacques). Don't listen to me, a Buddhist festival won't be seen at the fel lo!

When I was 17 years old, I saw one of my dog walking around and was approached by a brother, Wilson Bashou. He asked: “Do you know what God has promised to do with the future?” That question led to a serious discussion of the Bible. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 asking: “What do the 'many waters' on which the prostitute sits?" I know nothing about him. He showed me verse 15, where he said the waters represent people. His example made me realize that the Jehovah’s Witnesses use the Scriptures to explain the Scriptures, and this impressed me. Before leaving, Wilson offered him the book The Truth, which Leads to Everlasting Life. That little blue book has changed my life.

Ten days later, I visited the first meeting in the Kingdom Hall. I will never forget how the brothers welcomed me. From that point on, I never stopped attending the meetings. My brother, Wilson, began studying the Bible with me. The course is so exciting that at times, we keep it for eight hours! My parents were so worried about me, so they didn't want me to continue learning things. But I didn't stop. The more I was married, the more I became convinced that this was the truth. I got baptized in 1983.

DISTRIBUTES INTO THE CONSTITUTION IN CONSTITUTION IN CONSTITUTION

I was attending a prestigious university and studying to become a physician when I got baptized. My parents offered me so much money for me to attend school. I would have continued the university courses, but I wanted to dedicate my best to and serve Jehovah full-time.

My mother openly told me: “If you can stop attending the university, I will congratulate you in this house!” I was confused and saddened. I love my parents deeply and I don't want to hurt them. Therefore, I usually go to the school hall at night and pray aloud to Jehovah: “I'm sorry, Jehovah help me when I can’t make the right decision.” Finally, I decided to stop attending the university. My mother drowned in the house. So I called Wilson and told him what happened to him. She agreed to settle down. So I picked up my things in one bag and headed for a bus. I remember that I only fell sick right away. I found that I made the right decision.

I felt like a bird in the chest! I am now fully involved in the ministry. Therefore, I began the pioneering project in 1984.

While I was on day-to-day pioneering, Jehovah helped me learn some good manners for which I was perseverance. One day late, I just couldn't go to the field. Because I had no one to go with me, which made me feel better. However, I tried to escape. When I was in field service for hours, I decided to announce to some people in a waiting room before noon. I was alone in the field, tired, and also weathered like rain. I had two thoughts, 'Will I go ahead, or will I be blind?' While waiting for the ladder to the third round of ammunition, I saw a young man from the Philippines. I said in my mind: 'This person will not care about me.

With Wilson Bashou, teaching Biblical truth

JULY 2026 27

I have taken people on a tour of the Library in Brooklyn

With Michiko Oda and his wife

do not include.' But I was very troubled! She agreed to study the Bible with her, and she also became a servant of Jehovah.

WHERE BY THE YEHOWA IN BROOKLYN BETEL

After two years with Wilson, I was invited to serve at Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As I had previously said, I was asked to work in the binder. One voice when I was using a sticker on the books snippets, I made a mistake that caused a gap between hundreds of strips. The brothers asked me to go and report what happened to our manager. I told him all my flaws, but one thing left me. The manager calmly told me: “It is always good to apologize.” At the time, I learned that it was important to admit my mistake and say: “I'm sorry.”

The good examples set by elderly Bethel family members have led me to understand better what it means to serve people. One day I was with Brothers Milton Henschel, who was a member of the Board at the time, on one table for lunch. That day, we were all too busy in the dining room, and the brothers who worked at the restaurant were busy distributing the food. I and other young people who were on the table were often complaining about the distribution of the food at all. Brothers Henschel didn't find out, he just quietly took off from the table to help the siblings share watery cups and dishes with candy and butter. That good example of submission is something I would not write to see. It made me remember how Jesus served his apostles.—John. 13:3-5.

“DO NOT RELEASE JAPANTE!”

In 1987, I visited Japan, and I was impressed by the brothers' moderation and enthusiasm for the preaching work. I wanted to help the brothers, but the problem was that I did not understand Japanese. I was greeted by a sister at Bethel, Michiko Oda, and said to me: “Try to learn Japanese!” And that's exactly what I did. I hardly knew that her words would change my life.

28 GBETAKROOK

A few months later, I was sent to a Japanese-language congregation in New York. Learning Japanese has opened my way for me to work full-time for the Jehovah God. In 1989, I attended a Japanese-language convention in Los Angeles in California. That was the first time I attended the convention held in that language. During that convention, I found a sister pioneer named Mawako Onomi, who was among the dramatists and was intrigued.

My wife and I were married in 1992, and the two of us served at Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako considers things well and has always wanted to help. Those good qualities helped me not to change the way I treated people. It is a gift from Jehovah that Mywako has given me. It has made me feel better and happy at all times.

WE PASS IN JAPAN ALBAN, then IN PASSIBLE

Over time, both my mother and my brother became severely ill. So the organization is good for us and send us to the Japanese consulate so we can take care of them. We moved to Japan in 1999.

The Bethel family in Japan welcomed us, and we were able to return to life there. Japan's brotherhood's hospitality and generosity are remarkable, their learning their example has made me even better. They don't play with jobs at all. And they are able to collaborate in the sea. The cause? Japanese culture encourages working with one another to achieve one goal, rather than engage in one person to achieve one's own goals. Their good example encourages me to be humbly cooperating with people, and not share the little value I am making in supporting the overall decision of Jehovah.

However, since things differ from place to place, it is sometimes difficult for me to understand why some issues have been resolved in some way. I had to learn patience, and never let it go. Gradually, I adjusted my way of thinking. I realized that Jehovah could vote on the issue--

Our wedding reception

any delay as long as we follow the direction he has given us through his organization. The point is that, Jehovah causes things to happen.

I often compare the way that Jehovah has refined me at Bethel to the way he has refined the prophet Moses. She was helped by Jehovah to learn peace during her 40 years as a shepherd. Like Moses, I also went to school a little further. That made me proud and trusting. However, Bethel service has taught me that I should humbly rely on Jehovah. Just as Moses was reassured and refined by Jehovah, so he is refining me over the years.

We watched Mivako's parents for almost 24 years until her death. During their illness, we called them on several occasions as well as the doctors who were taking care of them, often resorting to the hospital wards; and sometimes worried. Mawako's mother, Masako, became so devastated that she became so distraught. It was not easy for Masako to attend congregation meetings or go to the field. In the coming weeks before her death, she had to be in a wheelchair. However,

JULY 2026 29

despite all these difficulties, the extent of his love for the Lord has not been reduced. Each time-the-time he is talking about the truth, you will be happy in his eyes. The way Masako is active in religion and the way he is relaxed and happy regardless of the situation, has really impressed me and I want to learn his example.

In 2024, there was a major change for us. We are sent to the field. At the time, we served at Bethel for over 30 years. Now we are key pioneers on Okinawa island, and we have the chance to witness to families in a military base soon from us. The fine training at Be-tel helped us get back to the new mission more easily. We have created some good programs that we strive to follow, and we use our time perseverance in making the right choices so that we can focus on the ministry. Jehovah has helped us with Bible studies and have come to know them as family members for us. We have come to recognize the importance of having more love for people now. Mi-wako and I thank Jehovah every day for this good work he has given us.

DO NOT RELEASE IN THE CONSTITUTION OF THE YEHOWA

My relatives now do not oppose me, however, they still don't come with me to serve Jehovah with me. Jesus promised that Jehovah will reward those who leave their families to become his disciples now one hundred times, in that they will have a great family. (Marko 10:29, 30) This shocked me. My family members who have never heard of me all around the world, who are fond and deeply interested in me, aren't at all numbered.

I still have the true book that Wilson gives me today. Whenever I see that blue book, I remember the love that Jehovah showed me for finding the truth. (1 Crown. 28.9) I intend to continue to allow her to adapt to me, and also help others learn the truth that leads to eternal life.

While working at the Japanese consulate

Me and Mivako are voicing in Okinawa

30 BETWEEN

Stand Between You and Your Brother!

A child has treated you so painfully that you are no longer happy with him? To reconcile between you and your sibling if you continue to be friends, you need to: (1) take immediate action, and (2) do so with good intentions. *

Take, for example, the steps of a person. The mouth should be adjusted to prevent constipation. However, if the person is not quickly recuperated, the person will continue to experience pain. The worst part is that the gudu will not be well grown and will also be less effective.

Just as it is necessary to solve a problem quickly, so it is necessary to resolve disputes quickly between ourselves and our Christian brotherhood. Otherwise, you will be hurt by the damage your friendship has suffered. You will become upset with each other and let each other worry too much. Jesus said: 'Take your place with the other person early.' (Mat. 5:25) So draw close to your friend and speak frankly about the matter. Why can this be difficult? Consider these two reasons.

First: You may be embarrassed to overlook the issue because going to the other person is making it difficult for you.# Think about two Christians, Eve-dia and Sinticke. There may have been disagreements between them and they were unable to resolve it. The disagreement appeared to have existed for a long time because although the apostle Paul had been in Rome, he had heard of the matter. He advised them to do whatever they could to make peace. (Flp. 4:2) If they are sitting down, they talk freely about the matter, and forgive each other from the heart, they will continue to be roommates.

Second: You may be hurt by the other person's error, so he has to come and apologize. The main thing, however, is to protect your friendship, rather than the person who didn't own it or the person who didn't. For example, if a person is in trouble and is being treated by a doctor, what the doctor will worry about is how fast he will recover the person, rather than what exactly what the person did before his or her death. In the same way, if you are handling the matter, you don't have to worry about the person who didn't. Instead, think about how interested you are in each other and what you can do to fix your relationship.

So if there is any issue between you and a sibling, try to talk to him today, if you deal with the matter so that you will be friends again. “And do not heed to your conscience.” (Ef. 4:26) If you take these steps and repair your relationship with your brother quickly, then you will protect the “peaceful mercy” which lets us unite.—Ef. 4:1-3.

* It is good to resolve minor matters between you and the other person only and be willing to forgive. (Mat. 5:23, 24) For some difficult issues, we can request the meeting of the elders-model. (Mat. 18:17) However, for a Christian to seek the assistance of the elders, he or she must first follow the advice found at Matthew 18:15, 16. # If a sibling has hurt you but is not going to hurt your friend's friendship, you can overlook it.—Lold. 26:20.

JULY 2026 31

GATECTYPE IN THE KINGDOM OF YEHOWA

July 2026 Vol. 147, No. 7 EWE

IN THIS TATA

Study column for September 7-13 2

Learn the Tribe Model

Study column for September 14-20 8

The Text of Isaiah’s Book can Poeze You

Study column for September 21-27 14

Something That Will Help You Get to Know Jehovah Better

Study column for September 28–October 4–20

Help People Get to Know Jehovah

BEARER 26

I Let Jehovah Shape Me

Repair Your Relationship with Your Brother! 31

BEAR THIS

How to Build Up Your Comments

During our congregation meetings, we have an opportunity to give comments to encourage one another. (Heb. 10:24, 25) How can you develop your comments?

• Pray to Jehovah. Ask him to help you respect and encourage people.—Ps. 35.18.

• Try to answer in your own words rather than read it directly from the book. If you answer from your own words, how will your faith benefit other brothers.

• Short your feedback. Synopsis your comment will encourage people and also give others the chance to answer.—Lold. 10:19.

• Have a good mind when responding. Do not use your comments as an excuse for denying or insulting a member of the congregation or a sibling.

Even if you do not have an opportunity to answer, you can encourage people. Be careful when responding, and recommend them for their comment.—Lold. 10:21.

This book is not being sold. It is part of the worldwide Biblical teaching project supported by voluntary donations. In order to make a donation, we apologize, car donate.jw.org.

The scriptures mentioned in this book are inspired by the Holy Scriptures—The New World Translation of the Bible, unless we point to a different market.

The Watch Tower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and the Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Open the .org website, or take your device scan button

JW.ORG®

w26.07-EW