OCTOBER 2026

OWN-ABAN

CLEANLINESS OF THE HEADGENT

Academic Issues:

DECEMBER 7, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

HUMILITY

THE WAY-BAN of January 1, 1926, said, "God will soon make everyone know that he is the Almighty." It also said, "God will hire some people for the witness."

In 1926, by means of Jesus Christ, the head of the church, made it clear to the Christians that the work was to be a priority in their lives. As a result, the “true and discreet slave” produced other books, and the style of the meeting was also changed. Also, brothers were made to recognize the best practices for Christians. (Mat. 00:0045) Buildings where work would be done, and the equipment to publish books to enable the field as well, were supported by Christ for them to remember.

TERMS FOR THE NATIONal AND THE ADOPTION OF THE NATIONAL AND THE ADOPTION OF THE NATIONal AND THE ADOPTION OF THE ADOPTION OF THE NATIONal AND THE ADOPTION OF THE NATIONal AND THE ADOPTION OF THE ADOPTION OF THE ADOPTION OF THE NATIONAL AND THE ADOPTION OF THE ADOPTION OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING OF THE ADOPTIONS

In April, The Golden Age, now known as Nyan! He announced the release of a new book called Deliverance. That was to succeed in replacing the Studies in the Scriptures book in the field. To acquire the needed quantity of books for the field, the brothers in Bethel purchased a new printer, and was able to print 22 books within a minute. Whoever the Bible Students were to give a copy of the book if possible.

Over the years, the Bible Students had studied the textbook Studies in the Scriptures under study, but starting in May 1926, they began studying the Guardian-Government. How did it help them?

The congregation of Little Bunker Hill in Illinois sent a letter to Uncle Rutherford. They said: "The congregation of Little Bunker Hill greets you. When it comes to Sundays, the events that the association of Jehovah's people has meant that we should study them. We are very glad that, whenever any other light comes in, we all see it quickly in the wake of the Lord.

Another “Hann redesign,” or other changes, helped the Bible Students focus on the field of broadcasting. For example, one Keeper of We-Government Studies explained that while good manners are justified, treated with others, and treated with respect, we should not ignore the most important work. “If anyone loves the Lord, he must keep his commandments,” said the study. “You are my witness, and I am your God,” he says. If a person is a Christian, he should be anxious to witness about God.'

Another watch-Government study also found that, what true Christians do to show their deep love for God is that, they will serve him with all their heart. That study article encouraged the students to share the good news with no one, whether in water or in the daytime. 43.10, 15: Mat. 18:14.

The changes brought about by the predecessors were not long-term and came true. A few weeks later, a letter was sent to the Guardian-Government of 15 July 1926 by an assembly. He said: "Be wary of two recent government syllabuses."

2 ADOPTIONS-ABAN

It has encouraged and consoled us. We don’t just read the Guardian, but we’re learning.” The paper further stated: “Now, when we are studying, everyone wants to participate, and it is very helpful to our church.”

Meetings were held, and brothers were urged to be committed to the task of evangelism.

Late in May, many Bible Students attended a meeting in London in England. At that time, all workers in Britain had rebelled not to go to work, so it was difficult to find a company to publish books for them. In the event, the brothers in Brooklyn Bethel spent hours publishing a book titled, The Standard for the People, added 117,000 copies to the edition. These booklets were distributed among the brothers in London.

On Monday 29 May, the booklets began to be delivered. On that day, the statement that had been cast on the conference program encouraged the brothers: "Anyone who has performed water in this meeting has to speak to people about Jesus and his Kingdom. In the morning, nobody tries to get to see Alexandra Palace earlier, and the siblings there will tell you what to do.”

The brothers distributed more than 100,000 books. The Guardian-Government of July 15, 1926 reported: "The brothers were very excited. They felt that they had heard from Jehovah the good news and people to prove that they were his witnesses.”

The following day, Brother Rutherford gave a speech at the Royal Albert Hall. Its slogan was “Why the World Authorities Should Repeal—The One To End the Crisis.” It didn't stop there, as soon as the door opened, 13,000 people filled it. Those who did not have access to the hall were set up with large speakers to listen to them.

In speaking to his brother Rutherford, he explained that the reason the world authorities are milling their heads was because they rejected Jehovah and his Kingdom. Then he criticized the League of Nations, saying it would not be long after.

The Gospel was told in India

During a meeting in London, Brother Rutherford met a pioneer named Edwin Skinner. Sheffield in England. After the meeting, returning to Sheffield, Uncle Rutherford asked him to see her in London.

“It happened to me that, she would say, ‘I am not going to go out in another country’,” said Uncle Skinner. “The next day, I went to London,” Uncle Skinner continued. I’m going all the way and I’ve decided that,if I’m going

A. The Delivery manual

B. Alexandra Palace in London

D. Royal Albert Hall in London

DELEIVERANCE!

A

B

D

E. George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner while serving in India

E. George Draper

E

Yes

He says if I don't go to serve in another country, I won't be renouncing my head." True to his arrival, Brothers Rutherford asked him: “Are you going to India?” Edwin replied: “What date do you want me to go?”

Three weeks later, in July, Edwin Skinner and George Wright sailed to India. Uncle Wright was a campaigner who also worked hard. Uncle Skinner attends at Bethel, and he is in charge of all the ministries that were held in the country. Work is also carried out in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), and in Persia (Iran). Uncle Skinner lived in India for 64 years until he completed his ministry on earth in 1990.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

From about 1894 onwards, the Society of Jehovahs had sent its delegation to visit the Bible Students, as did modern sheriffs. In July 1926, the format of their work changed. In the past, they used to do one day, but then they would go and visit each other every group in two days. Again, they had to spend 100 hours in the field each month.

Uncle George Draper, who was a pastoralist, wrote to the congregation. He said: “Asamoah’s servants are like dogs that are watchdogs, so we have to warn people to know the dangers that are looming. [Yes. 56:10] Learning the Guardian-Government will help us to do that, and that's what I'm interested in.” Uncle Draper finished his ministry on earth in 1938.

A Conference at NATIONAL YORK CITY

The last general meeting of the year was held October 14-18, 1926, in New York City. Brother Rutherford would give a talk entitled "There a Big War Near the World." Companies that hosted newspapers agreed to advertise the Ng. Rutherford language. However, quite a bit of the time has come for many of the celebrities to stay away.

What the news outlets did, brothers did to raise awareness about it. On Friday, October 15, Uncle R. J. Martin released a new pamphlet titled Against the People. His goal was to expose the industry, advertising the Uncle Rutherford's speech. “We’ve started publishing our books with our own equipment,” said brother Martin. Our brothers in Bethel will work hard day and night until the 1,250,000 paper is published, and we will have the brothers at this meeting share it with people.” After the meeting was over on Friday, brothers started distributing the cards. By evening, 300,000 copies of the pamphlets had been distributed.

Monday and Sunday were also more distributed, with the number of distributions reaching 1,000,000. Besides, 3,783 copies of Deliverance books were shared by brothers, and 35,140 copies of books were distributed.

On Sunday, October 17, at three o'clock around noon, around 12,000 people listened to some of Uncle Rutherford's speech. After he had the lecture done, the enthusiasts gave more interviews. At that meeting, they divided the potatoes-

4 OWN-ABAN

F. A newspaper; advertising Uncle Rutherford's address with the slogan “A Big War Near the World”

G. Conference of October 1926 at Madison Square Garden in New York

for more than 9,000; until then, they had not held a meeting to share so many books.

A room was built at 117 ADAMS STREET

Because of the popular demand for some of our books, the brothers in Brooklyn who lead the materials noticed that, where we publish them, we need to expand them. Over the years, a building had been renovated on 18 Concord Street; it was where books were published. However, with the expansion of the project, it had become small. So the brothers bought a piece of land on Adams Street; and near their former location, they began to build an eight-tined giant. Then, they would have a large area to publish.

The building that was under construction at 117 Adams Street was to start work on it in 1927. It would help the brothers prepare for the upcoming increase. In 1927, many people came to the meeting, and Jehovah kept in preparation, so that in 1931 they could be called Jehovah's Witnesses.

Publication of the book that was built at 117 Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York

OCTOBER 2026 5

DECEMBER 7-13, 2026

DWOM 46

Thank you, O Jehovah

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

The reason why we need to show appreciation for things is as well as how to get married.

Always appreciate

“Be appreciated people.”—KOL. 3:15.

A brother named Johni was 95 years old when he fell ill. So people were with him while staring at him. Every day someone comes to visit him, or he will do something even small to him, and John thanks him. He completed the title of the candidate in a small notebook. When she is going to sleep, the people she is looking at her, and she ask some of them to hold her in her eyes to extend their greetings to her in prayer. Then, with the help of those who visited him or did something to help him that day, he thanked God for touching those people's hearts. One of the guests said: “Though she was very depressed for John, she was always happy and did not cry.” John’s words give us a feeling that even when things go wrong and appreciate things, they make us happy and bring us happiness.

But sadly, today there's not a lot of people doing it. The Bible said that in the time of the end, people will be made to work as refugees. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) Some forget to sleep while others do something for them. Others, on the other hand, do not understand why they should sleep, as they feel obliged to do so. That kind of behavior is not the best; it is selfish.

As for true servants of God, we should not be like the peoples of this world who live in extreme poverty. The apostle Paul advises us: 'We are not members of appreciation.' (Coll. 3:15) If anyone does something for us or he helps us, we should not be ashamed of him, but rather, he should

* The name has been changed.

1. What did you learn from John's story? (See also picture.)

2. How do many people behave today?

3. What will we consider in this article?

6

Your appreciation for things makes you happy and calm (see paragraph 1).

When we thank him or do something to show our gratitude for what he has done for us. To that end, let us consider these three questions: (1) Why should we be grateful? (2) How can we increase our appreciation? (3) What can we do to show appreciation?

Why Should We Stop Wounding?

4 If we don't appreciate things, we're the ones who care. Boniah isn't happy. The Bible states: “The one who is merciful is bad to the one who is bad to the other.” (Mmeb. 15:15) At times, we all face a problem that can force us to downsize. The problems we face, some of which we cannot control, but what we will do about it depends on us. If we focus too much on what is going on in our lives, then it can seem that every day will be a bad day for us. Such a attitude would destroy our happiness, as it would not allow us to see the good happenings in our lives.

4. If we do not appreciate things, what potential dangers are associated with them?

5 Being appreciated helps us. A person who appreciates things is appreciated. The final episode of the poem 15:15 states: "For the one who has a happy heart, he always has a party." A person who is “happy” —even when having problems — pays attention to the good happenings in his life, appreciating them. When this happens, it distracts her from the things that are not going well in her life. This makes him happy, and he always feels “on the party.”

6 Read Philip 4:6, 7. When we pray to our God for what he does for us, it does not make us “compassed away” from him. Why are we saying that? appreciation for things will not stop us from focusing too much on what happens in the future, but on what he is doing for us now. If we focus on how God has helped us to this day, it will strengthen our faith, and we will trust him

5. What makes us happy when we show our appreciation for things?

6. If we thank him, why can we say that he can make us safe? (Filipis 4:6, 7)

OCTOBER 2026 7

Take time to remember how God is blessing you (see sections 9-10)

in the future he will also help us. If that happens, it will never happen to us. (Mat. 6:25-34) Also, when we suffer and pray to the Lord and complete all our heart’s problems on him, he will give us his “peace,” which will comfort us.

7 Being thankful for things brings us closer to God. Every good thing comes from God. (Read James 1:17.) He has given us a lot of things; some of them are recognition, and the hope we have is that we can live forever. Why has he given us all these things? It's not that we deserve it, but that love that comes to love us. (Roman. 3:24; Efe. 2:8) The love that this God Shows to us is the good things he gives us, if we appreciate them, it enhances our love for him, and we become his close friends.

How can we achieve the most goals for ourselves?

8 Think about the good things that Jehovah has done for you in the past. You may have encountered some challenges in your life. It is possible that your loved one died, you were struck with a serious disease, or people got angry with you for your faith. What helped you cope with any of these problems? If you look back, you know that you couldn’t stand it if you didn’t help yourself. (Read 2 Christians 4:7.) As he helped you in the past, if you focus on it, your appreciation for it will grow. 103:2.

9 As Jehovah bless you, think about it. The Bible advises us 'to be open about everything.' (1 Tes. 5:18) Every day take time to remember how Jehovah is blessing you. You can always do that. You may want to do it early in the morning, and you have got something to think about during the day. You also like to do it in the evening, so that you don’t mind. (Dw. 92:1, 2) You can mimic John, who was mentioned earlier in this lesson and write down the good things that Jehovah has done for you. What's the best way to buy?

7. How does appreciation for things communicate with our relationship with him? (Yakubo 1:17)

8. What can we learn about the good things that Jehovah has done for us if we think about them? (2 Christians 4:7)

9-10. What good things does God give you every day? (See also picture.)

8 OWN-ABAN

10 For the first time, think about what God has done for you that day. (Dw. 40.5) In his spiritual help, think about it. How he listens to your prayer, how his Storytelling Bible comforts you, how the books, videos, and how the JW Broadcasting show let you know that he cares about you, is there. (Dw. 65:2; Mat. 15:45; Rome. 15:4) Also think about the good things he does for your physical appearance. Some are the sweetness of daytime shopping, the sweetness of eating, and the sweetness of having friends that love us. Because of the “life and breath” that God has given us, we all receive this blessing. (Attention. 17:25) What else has been given by the Lord to you that you may thank him for?—Efe. 5:20.

11 Being in a large family and serving God with your siblings, you get many benefits. Try and think of that blessing. (Dw. 133:1; mmeb. 18:24) It is possible that a brother or sister has kindly done something to help you, or has spoken to you with comfort. (Mmeb. 12:25; 16:24) Even the little things our brothers do for us, all are part of the blessing of God to us, so we must thank him for it. Here is an example: A sister's daughter was dead, and because of her sad stress, she couldn't sing some of the song after classes. One day, a sister interrupted him when he saw me crying. So she came to me as soon as she caught hold of me with her hand and put me in the neck, and then she finished singing with me. This increased the love I had for the siblings.” The sister’s mere arms to the neck of the deceased mother alarmed her, and she was very impressed.

12 Good things that Jehovah has done for you, and what he is constantly doing for you, will strengthen your heart’s appreciation for them. As mentioned earlier, if we are appreciated for something we have done for or help us, we should not lose sight of what we have done for ourselves. How do we do it?

WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN DAGBON

13 What steps can we take to show appreciation? For example, let’s take a look at the subject of this study. After advising us to appreciate things, the Paul went on to say: “And whatever you do, speak, work or do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, and humble yourself under the Father.” (Coll. 3:15, 17) This shows that we are thankful for our language and our actions. Here, Paul was talking about giving thanks to God. But what others do for us is show how much we appreciate them. How, then, can we use our language or our words, and our actions to show that we appreciate what others do for us? Let’s take a look at some of them.

14 Use your language or words to show that you appreciate what others do for you. And don’t think you’ll get over it even if you’re doing something small for yourself. If it is a door and opens to you, a message of encouragement to you, or a message of praise, you can thank you. Sometimes you can even try to turn off the light, or you can turn off the light and turn off the light. For example, has an elder visited you or your family recently? You can buy something

11-12. What blessing does God give us by giving our brothers?

13. How can we teach others that we value what they do for us?

14. How do you express your gratitude for what others do for you? (See also picture.)

OCTOBER 2026 9

How do you express your gratitude for what others do for you? (See paragraph 14)

He has gone to bed. (1 Tes. 5:12, 13) Even though, you can also respect the wives of the older men of the flock. This initiative, once they could work with their husbands to ensure that they help the members of the flock.

15 Most of all, we have to tell the Lord to thank him. How do we do it? That is, we will pray to him with all our heart. Remember, our prayers are different. (Year. 6:18) Perhaps we are repeated in petitions or petitions. Such petitions, we plead with our God to give us the strength to endure temptation, or to make good decisions. Or perhaps we have wronged someone and we may ask for forgiveness. However, many of the good things that have been given to us by God have been expressed in prayer day by day. (Dw. 95:2) It is true that we can ask for some information about ourselves to assess the quality of our prayers. We can ask ourselves: 'Our prayer has come to the fore, do we usually fall in love with God?'

15. How can we demonstrate our appreciation for what God does for us in our prayers?

16 Do something specific to show that you value what others do for you. If someone does something for you to reach your heart, do something for him or her to appreciate. Giving back to others makes us happy, so when they do something for ourselves, we don’t talk to or our words alone, but we also do something specific to express our gratitude for them. (Attention. 20.35) Also, doing so makes others feel loved and happy. This makes us very popular.

17 When we look at how many things God has done for us, it also tells us to do something for him that we are grateful for all that he has done for us. What can we do for Jehovah? What we can do is put our bodies on a “memorial altar” for it. (Reading Romans 12:1.) This means that, we will use our minds, our heart, and our strengths to do the will of God. What are the things that belong to God?

16. Why should we take particular action to show our gratitude for what others do for us?

17-18. How can we make sure that we are grateful to him?

10 OWN-ABAN

18 When we learned about God and what he has done for us, our appreciation for him grew. This moved us to dedicate our lives to him and get wet. We didn't keep it there, we continued to devote our time, energy and resources to service him. Therefore, we try to read his mind on the Bible every day, and share the good news with others. Also, we do what we can to go and study, and we also go in. Besides, we support the Kingdom project with our money and resources. (Dw. 1:2, 3; 2 Kor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) If we do what we can to serve God, most importantly, we are grateful to him for what he has done for us.—Coll. 3:23, 24.

19 In the world we live, many people have no choice. But we who know how crucial it is to show appreciation for things. We know that, when we show our appreciation for things, it helps our happiness, it reduces our thoughts, and even more, it brings us closer to God. Our appreciation for what he has done for us and what he has continued to do for us. Let us be determined to show our appreciation for what others do for us by language and by what we do for the other person. But most importantly, we need to show our appreciation for what he has done for us. If we do so, the blessing of our God, who gives appreciation to things will come to an end today and in the future, not a cure.—Dw. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19. Why are you determined to show your appreciation for things?

PART 7 DEVELOPMENT page 7: This picture informs us of what John did. Page 8: Things are not going well for a sister, but she is thinking about the blessing that she has been given by God; some of her sad words may be true.

How Would You Answer?

Why should you appreciate things?

How do you increase your appreciation?

What steps can you take to show appreciation?

DWOM 139

View the New World

DECEMBER 14-20, 2026

DWOM 143

Keep Working, Keep waiting.

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

We will look at how he is doing three wonderful things through us in our day.

12

If you are given the right to make a miracle by means of God, do not underestimate it

That’s what will make all people know that you’re my students. 13:35.

DO WHAT it is that when the Red Sea was divided among the people of the land of Egypt, you were there when the Red Sea was divided between them. How interesting! Also, imagine that you are happy to see Jesus heal the sick and resurrect the dead. Don't you realize that would make you happier? The wonders described in the Bible are few. Anyone who is not a hypocrite and honest person who witnessed the surprises will admit them to being by God's will. (Mat. 15:31) But this miracle happened, not today. Today, too, what do you think is going on? Yes, some are happening. But what do you mean by sophistication?

2 wonders are something that a human being cannot do, or something that he cannot understand. It's something he can do with his power. In this article, we will look at three of the surprises that are being done by God in behalf of his people today. We can say that these things are amazing, because only Jehovah can let them happen. In each case, we will look at how we can communicate that we are “workers of God.” ”—Read 1 Christians 3:9.

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

For over 2,500 years, the prophet Jesus predicted that in our time, there would be a great increase in God's people. (Read Isa 60:22 and footnote.) Did you see any of these predictions? For example, in 1914, there were many servants of the Lord

1-2. (a) What are the wonders mentioned in the Bible? (b) What is the wonder, and what can each of us do? (1 Cretans 3:9)

3. Why can we say that, God’s people have become a “major nation”? (Issiah 60:22) (See also picture.)

Since 1914, the majority of Jehovah's servants have been breaking and breaking (see verse 3).

2026 Over 9,9,000,000

1914 Around 5,000

They're in the world about 5,000. But since then, “what he learns”, that is, the minority has grown to over nine million people. There are more than 130 countries in which there are fewer than one population. Today, people who love and serve him all over the world, we have never seen him in history. This person lives in over 240 countries. Although, comparing the number of Jehovah's servants to some of the churches, you see that we learn, however, everything shows that the biblical prophecy has come true. Indeed, "the one who learns has become a great nation."

4 There is a church with a high population, but going in is against some of the children who are born. But we're not. Also, the direction that God wants us to follow is not in favor of ourselves. Instead, we have studied the Bible, and we live by its advice. Many of us had to change minds and make big changes in our lives. (1 Cor. 6:9-11)

4. The increasing number of servants of Jehovah, why is it?

After we had done these changes, we became publishers, and began to invite others to join us in true worship. At some point, we dedicate ourselves to the God of water, whether in the daytime or in the afternoon, and afterwards to doing so. 18:19, 20.

5 The increase we have achieved is remarkable, because our God is the creator of our umbrella. Jesus made it clear that if anyone wants to be his disciple, he will not take it with a harpoon. “If anyone wants to come after me, let him do what he wants,” he said. Instead, let him take his seat and follow me forever.” (Mat. 16:24) This means that, because of the faith of Jesus, people can hate, or even kill, Jesus disciples. For example, Jesus said his followers would be taken to the “kings and chiefs’ presence” and would be tried. (Mat. 10:17, 18) He also said that, the most powerful religious leaders would be strongly hated. (John. 16:2) Also Jesus said it was

5. What did Jesus say it would do to his disciples?

OCTOBER 2026 13

They hate themselves, but they don't care how many times they see it

As the Second World War broke out, people became very hostile towards the people. Ironically, however, the number of witnesses increased. One of the Nazi soldiers said: "All the time you hate the Witnesses, they're growing up."

While still standing in the war, take note of also what happened in the Netherlands. The Yearbook of 1986 reported: "Though many of the Kingdom Publishers were arrested and imprisoned, they were swept away and transferred to a place of shame, and many of them were executed by enemies. But within a couple of years, the number of people doubled. By 1943, there were as many as 1,379. Despite the many sufferings the Eyewitnesses have been subjected to, they have been greatly rewarded by the Jehovah for their progress.”

one day, because of truth, families will break up.—Mat. 10:34-36.

6 Jesus' statement came true; Christians in the time of the apostles faced fierce opposition. As Jesus rose, the religious leaders of the Jewish community soon made every effort to persuade the pupils to leave the field of evangelism. The apostles were arrested, and taken to stand before the Great Court of the Jews, the Sanhedrin. The religious leaders wanted 'to kill the apostles,' but a Phariseesite named Gamaliel warned them: "Do not trouble these men. You won't get them. For if this teaching or work is from people, it will be done. And if it comes to God, then you can't blame him. If you don’t, you’re likely fighting with God himself.” (Attention. 5:33, 34, 38, 39) As for Gamaliel, he may have been just speaking to her somewhere, but she was remembered for the fact. Even after the names of the apostles, the religious leaders continued to be hated. But these faithful disciples failed; they continued to preach the gospel, and many became disciples of Jesus. (Attention. 6:7) How was it possible? God was behind them, so despite the many protests they faced, their numbers continued to slip. 1:8.

7 Today, thousands of people are coming to the truth despite one being betrayed by their relatives, employees, and others, or being actively hostile. Why are these new students preparing to 'take their seat'? (Mat. 16:24) The reason they do so is that they love Jehovah, and the pledge he has made to take care of them is also believed. As a result, they are also given “overpowers” to cope with adversity. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When because of their faith their relatives hate them, they feel like the singer. “even if my father and mother rejected me, I am bound by them,” he said. (Dw. 27.10) The problems and sufferings faced by people before becoming disciples of Jesus are not trivial. But after all, people are coming to the truth. This is really amazing.

6. Why did opponents not allow the early Christians to stop the preaching work?

7. Jesus' disciples today, how do they learn from ancient Christians? (A box titled, “They Hated, But Disrespected It” is also found.)

14 OWN-ABAN

8 The wonder why Jehovah and Jesus brought people to the meeting is what we can do to help with the work. The work we are doing, Jesus and Jesus are behind us, since Jesus assured us: "I am with you all the days until the end of this system of things." (Mat. aside that, the above angels also help us carry out the broadcasting function.—Follow. 14:6, 7.

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

9 Prophet Micah predicted a new vision that will happen in our time. That is the unity among God's people. The women and men who were to be gathered together to worship together were told by God’s prophet Micah. (Read Mike 2:12.) Today, the people in God's society are of different races and cultures, but they are all different. This is evidence that the prophecy of Mike has come true. The claim by musician David is known for its significance. “How nice and beautiful the brothers are to co-exist in one place,” he said. 133:1.

10 proves that we are one, many of which are freely available. For example, no matter where we may be, all of us are educated at meetings, districts, and districts. The brothers working in different parts of the United States, and those building congregations all over the world, have different origins and dialects. We love ourselves so much, so no matter where we come from, how our cultures are, whether poor or poor, whether what is happening in our country or not, we do not let anything separate us. Keep in mind, because we are in a big family, wherever we go, we have brothers who are ready to give us all that we need physically. Also, we are encouraged to continue serving God. Many people who come from different backgrounds, and different dialects who worship and unite to Jehovah have never happened before in history.

11 The unity we have between us is wonderful, because the world is divided. No matter where you go in the world, you are alone. When you listen to news, what you hear is war, terrorism, riots, demonstrations, riots, war, and so on. According to him, the world is divided in many parts of the world. The Bible said that in time, people will 'suppress people, people will not be able to contract with them, people will destroy people's reputation, they will not be able to control themselves, they will be cruel, they will be bad, they will be bad, they will betray people, they will be abusive, they will be arrogant. (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Though, “the whole world is in the power of the evil one,” he and the evil angels fight against us forever, but they will never be able to separate us; we continue to serve the Lord with joy together. (1 Yoh. 5:19; Reveal. 12:9) This is also a wonder!

12 The unity of the flock of Jehovah is evident. How can we protect it? By paying attention to what is going to happen and by working. What we learn from the Bible helps us to be patient and forgiving. It also prevents us from taking matters into our own hands, and it shows kindness to others. (Year. 4:2, 31, 32) Whenever we ignore the fault of our brothers, try and not engage in slander or slander, or share the blame, we are helping to maintain unity among the flock of God. If we do

8. What can we do to bring people back to the meeting?

9-10. What shows that the prophecy at Mike 2:12 comes true today?

11. How do we enjoy the wonderful relationship that exists between us?

12. How can we promote unity in the flock of Jehovah?

OCTOBER 2026 15

God’s servants are very lovely to each other, and they also love their fellow human beings

(See paragraph 14)

If so, we have made it possible for him to be a surprise in the community.

BARBER/CIRCUM

13 Jesus said that if his disciples love one another, that will make people know that they are his disciples. (Read John 13:35.) The early Christians did many things to show their love for each other. They did: They shared their properties with those who did not have them. (Attention. 2:44, 45) They prayed for their brethren who were seeing. (Attention. 12:5) Aiding widows and orphans. (Yak. 1:27) Also, although they were extremely poor, when their siblings went into trouble, they were betrayed. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) Historian Tertullian, who lived after the death of the apostles, said, the saying of the ancient Christians was: "Look at how they love themselves and how they are ready to die for themselves."

14 Just as the early Christians loved one another, so do the people of God today. Even for those who don't serve God, we explain our love for others, so we share the good news with them. We voluntarily donate to the ministry; nobody blackmails us, and we also increase the price of tax. Out of love for our siblings, we run for their help when they are in need. * Not only do we trust one another, but we also encourage one another so that we can live a happy life. By doing so, we are acting in accordance with the words of the Paul, who said: “ comfort those who have been sick; comfort those who have been weak; help them; be patient with all men.” (1 Tes. 5:14) Jehovah has drawn us into a big family; the members of that family are very lovely, and they also love their fellow men.

15 The love among God's servants is so great, that selfishness is fill the world. The apostle Paul said that in the last days, "people will be content, they will be wealthy," and that “in the hope that they will love God, they will be happy instead.” Even their relatives don’t “t get sympathy” for them.

13. What did the early Christians do to show their love for each other? (John 13:35)

14. What does God's people do to prove their love? (See also picture.)

* For example, see the article on jw.org titled, “Distance of Disaster Relief in 2022—'What Implications We Have Brotherhood.'"

15. Why is it so wonderful that we love ourselves?

16 OWN-ABAN

They have got it for others. (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus said that, people would be set free, and hate themselves. He also said that "most people will be happy." (Mat. 15:10, 12) If you pay attention to what is going on in the world today, don't you realize that what Paul and Jesus said has come true? Nevertheless, his servants continue to love one another, because he is using his power to protect them. Don't you look strange? That's so amazing!

16 Being appreciated for what people do and trying to maintain peace with others is an act of love. (Mar. 9:50) If we continue to show our true love for others by our language and our actions, we would be acting as servants of God. If we show love, the most important thing is that we allow God to make things wonderful among his servants.

HOW WEARING HATS BEGAN IN DAGBON

17 The degree to which we are making progress, the unity between us, and the love we have for ourselves, is evidence that we are doing wonderful things in our time. It is true that people hate us so much, but we are just growing love. The world is divided, but we're the same. It is true that he has love in the world, but for us, we love God and we love ourselves. This means that we are really followers of Christ. (John. 13:34) We are not just looking at what is going on, but “we are working with God” through whom he is making a miracle.—1 Cor. 3:9.

18 trouble fill the world, but just love is increasing among God's people, unity among ourselves, and love each other all the more. This is so amazing. These wonders give us a great assurance that whatever he has said will happen to us in the future. (2 Pet. 3:13) So if we have the chance that God is doing wonderful through us in our time, let us be certain that, we will never fall under him!

16. What can we do to show love for each other?

17. What makes you believe that God is doing a wonderful thing in our time?

18. With the wonders that he is doing, what should we be determined to do?

How Would You Answer?

With the wonderful works that Jehovah is performing to bring people to his people, what can we do to help?

With the wonderful things that Jehovah is doing for unity among his people, how can we help?

How can we help the wonders that Jehovah is making for love in our society?

DWOM 154

The Truth

DECEMBER 21-27, 2026

DWOM 135

The Lord's Prayer is: "My Son, Be Philosophed"

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

Keeping in love with your friends for your youth will help them to remain faithful to yours.

If two are big, Don't ask why.

“One can control one person, but two can be set at odds with one person.” 4:12.

As servants of God, we are aware of the importance of our loyalty to him. But this is not easy. Because people in the world are idle at letting us stay away from their God. One way to do so is by adopting the view of friendships. For example, some think that friends they have are, whether their behaviors are, not those that are important, but those that are important are the number of friends they have. Many young men and women find it hard to counsel or comfort their peers. Others feel that they don’t need anyone, so they don’t make friends. How about Asamoah and Jesus? Do they want us to make friends?

2 Jehovah wants us to have friends that will help us serve him well. While his son Jesus was on earth, he was picked up by such friends. Shortly before his death, Jesus praised his faithful apostles: “You are still tied to me in my trial." (Luca 22:28; Yow. 15:15) As a fellow worker, he/she is not only available to you when things are going well, but also during “time of adversity.” (Mmeb. 17:17) Sections 9-129 of the evangelical chapter 4 ensure that good friends, everyone supports one another to comfort one another. (Read.) Also, encourage your partner to do good. If you have good friends like this and are drawn to one another, they help you to do things that you do not want to.

* Though we often use this totem to describe marriage, the most relevant is a friendly advantage.

1. What's the world's view of friends?

2. (a) Which people did Jesus take to be their friends? (b) How do good friends help us if you look at the statement at Publish 4:9-12?

18

Keep standing by the Lord's side. If you make things with your friends in the ministry, something unexpected can happen to you that you may not be able to do, you can be helped to do it. Also, it can help you to maintain your friendships forever.

3 How can young people be successful friends of God? As well as experienced siblings, how can they help young people find better friends? Let’s take a look at some of the events in the life of the prophet Daniel. It will help us to see how much she was able to trust him when she met him with a very large sight. We will look at how he did it to encourage Daniel while he was single.

Good friends help us to serve Jehovah

4 At Daniel's time, things were not going well in his hometown of Judah at all, because the Jews had pushed aside the worship of Jehovah to do their own will. As a result, they too got angry. About 620 years before Jesus came, King Nebuchanezzar of Babylon came to power over Judah. (Dan. 1:2) At the time, Daniel must have been a young man. A few years later, he was admitted into slavery, and sent to the Babylonian city for training. (Dan. 1:3-6) Where he had fought, it was not close to his hometown, and there was no family member.

5 What had Daniel through Babylon, what helped him to cope? The Bible tells us that, “Daniah got very excited in his heart” to obey God’s laws. (Dan. 1:8) As a child, how can one help him understand and help him to make the decision to serve God? His supporters, do you see any of his parents involved? It's possible. As for Daniel, his name is "God Is My Judge." Perhaps the reason his parents named him may have been that, they wanted him to serve his God with their heart and obey his instructions.—Deut. 6:6, 7.

6 The example of the prophet Jeremiah must have encouraged Daniel to serve Jehovah well. Why can we say that? Let’s take a look at this; about 647 years before Jesus, Jeremiah was appointed a prophet by God, and he started his work before Daniel was born. (Yes. 1:2) For those who were told the story by Jeremiah, many of them came from the royal family, and some also had great positions in the country; probably also Daniel's family. (Yes. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) It cannot be said that Jeremiah and Daniel were friends. But as a young man, Daniel didn't know much about the prophecy of Jeremiah, and even as he grew older, he was still young. (Yes. 15:11; 29.10; Dan. 9:1, 2) Asamoah had the courage to do his work despite the people around him having nothing to do with the worship of Jehovah, Daniel must have learned something from it, and it gave him the courage to do it as well.

7 The truth is, Daniel was strongly inspired by Daniel's parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah. She must have been helped to develop a strong relationship with her God.

8 Present parents can also help their children to build a friendship with Jehovah. If you are a parent, ask yourself: ‘I have helped my children to see what they are going to do with the time of their classmates.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. When Daniel was young, what problems did he face?

5-6. Who was it that helped Daniel decide to serve God?

7-8. How can experienced parents and siblings help young people to serve Jehovah with integrity?

OCTOBER 2026 19

Are they flagging, singing national songs, or being bullied by politics? Have I helped them find out what to do while their students arecing them to do? And if they are interested in something wrong, have I taught them to know if they should get rid of it quickly? Also, I have explained to them that, when it comes to the great tribulation, is it on the side of the Lord that they should stand?’ Parents, help your children to develop their love for God and to have faith in him. How will you do it? It is common to talk about things related to service of God. Also, help your children to join in healthy learning. When it comes to the field, you don't go out with them. When young people play the role of good models like Jeremiah, it enhances their faith in and loyalty to the Lord.

Good friends help us to be faithful to Jehovah when we are under examination

9 When Daniel and some young Hebrew men were sent to a certain country, they had never met a test there. As soon as they arrived, the Philistines were forced to learn their language and culture. They were also trained to serve in the royal household. However, the training they would give them would test their faith.

10 The first test encountered, one would say this was not a test. The king said that, the food he eats is good for Daniel and the rest of the youth. Some of the foods were foods banned by the Law of Moses. (Dan. 1:5, 8) If the youths wanted, they would say they were slaves, so they could not do whatever they wanted, and neglected the law of God to eat the food. For others, it may be assumed that, they do not want to do something for the chief’s palace or his anger. What were they going to do?

11 young Hebrew men appointed by the king to be trained were the only four of them who were true to the Lord. They are Daniel, Sadrak, Mesak, and Abena. These four friends helped each other to resist temptation and to remain faithful to God. They rejected the king's provisions to recognize that they were worshiprs of God. As a result of what they did, they were also blessed by God.—Dan. 1:6-12, 17.

12 If you’re a young person, how do you know if you’re a boy or a girl? Daniel and his friends helped each other, so they were able to make good decisions. So, too, those who are determined to be faithful to God and to stay separate from the world are the ones to whom you have to make friends. (1 Yoh. 2:15-17) Good friends can help you to be faithful to God even in small things, so that his blessing may be poured out on you. (Luca 16:10) Being faithful to Jehovah in small things will help you to be honest in the future.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS FOR A LIVING IN DAGBANE

13 When we encounter a serious problem or hardship, good friends help us to overcome it. We will look at some of the problems Daniel and his friends faced in the dreams of King Nebubudesar.

9. What was the problem with Daniel and some Hebrew youths in Babylon?

10. What was the first test that the young Jewish men faced?

11. How did Daniel and his friends help each other? (See also front image.)

12. What will help young people to avoid temptation?

13. What painful test did Daniel and his friends face?

20 OWN-ABAN

feeling uneasy. He wanted to know what the dream meant. So he called for the arrival of both the heretics and the conquerors and the students in Babylon. If the king had told them the dream and interpreted it, he would not have done it. Instead, he told them to tell him the dream and to give it back to him. What kind of person was this? (Dan. 2:3, 9-11) The king told them that if the dream could not be told and understood, then it was not someone who killed Antwi; he would kill all of them. In that case, Daniel and his friends would also die, having been part of the Babylonian intelligents. Despite all these experiments, what did Daniel and his three friends do?

14 Daniel went to the king to ask him to give him some time to come and translate the dream. Daniel then reported the incident to his friends. The Bible states: “They have been taught that they should pray to the Most High God and recognize his mercy in this regard, so that Daniel and his friends may not be killed along with the rest of the wise men of Babylon.” (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah also felt sympathy for them and listened to their prayer, so he revealed the dream and its meaning to Daniel. As a result, Daniel and his friends survived, and the king granted them high office in Babylon in honor of him. 2:19, 47-49.

15 More lessons are available in that case. First, when you are faced with a challenge, you can ask for help. Never be too arrogant or shy. Second, do not hesitate to let others pray for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Also remember that, your prayer and what others say to you, may be answered by means of you. Asamoah is a “heard of prayer,” so if we experience problems and many problems, he will help us to overcome them. (Dw. 65:2; Efe. 3:20) If we befriend friends who worship God, and if we experience any difficulties or difficulties in life, they can help us to endure.—Read at 6:2.

ADOPTION OF THE LIVING AREA

16 If we go through a test, and it affects us alone, and we don’t want anybody to get ahead of us, then it’s ours.

14. How did Daniel and his friends help each other? (See also picture.)

15. What do we learn from Daniel and his friends? (Galatians 6:2)

16. When Daniel became old, what test did he face?

When Daniel faced a big problem, how did his friends help him to overcome it? (See paragraph 14)

Is it true that God's friends are lonely? (See paragraph 18)

best friend that can help us. By the time Daniel became an old man who was about 90 years old, the Media and Persians would fight through Babylon, leading King Dario to rule over Babylon. Some in the palace were jealous of Daniel's position, so they plotted to kill him. The king was persuaded to order that if anyone refused to ask the king for any other god's help, he should break the law. Daniel refused to obey the orders he had made to pray to God, so he was ostracized. There, he had no friend to help him so she was left alone. But do you think it was really that he was alone?—Dan. 6:4-16.

17 Daniel chapter 6 verses 19-23 provides a glimpse into the mysterious way in which Daniel was captured by God. (Read.) When he was sent to the lion’s hide, then he was sent by God’s angel to defend himself. The next day, when the king sent the lion, Daniel said to him: “My God has sent his angel and he has opened the lions’ mouth, 2. 2. because he has seen that I am right in his eyes.” Indeed, Jehovah proved to be very powerful, and he is the best friend! (Dan. 6:22) Daniel had strong faith in God, so while his life was in danger, he was also cut short by God.

18 For us too, something can happen to us only where we have been or we have been separated from our friends. Maybe a meeting will prompt us to go and eat, or we will need to migrate. There are also some diseases that have infected us, or we have been arrested and imprisoned for our faith. In such a situation, it is vital that we remember that, because we are God’s friends, he will never isolate himself from us. He has promised us that wherever we go, he will protect and take care of us. (Dw. 139:7-10) So have faith that, whatever hole you enter, you are known by God, and he will help you.

Dating of Friendships Between Women and Women

19 best friends, it's very important to have one. Why is it? because the Bible gives us hope that in the near future, we will not be affected. They help us make good decisions.

17. According to Daniel 6:19-23, what contributed to Daniel’s attachment to God?

18. Why is it important to draw close to God, and how can we do so? (See also the picture and box entitled “Yɛwa is our Father, our God, and our Friend".)

19. Why is it so important to have good friends these days? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 OWN-ABAN

We are also encouraged. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:11.) “The end of all things is near,” said the Paul. ”—1 Pet. 4:7, 8.

20 best friends are a gift from Jehovah and this time we really need them. So learn from Daniel and make friends. It is those in your community who, like Jeremiah, can encourage you and give you direction, that you should make friends with them. Your friends should be those who will help you stay faithful to him. If you are facing a problem, do not try to convince others to ask for you. But remember that, she is a friend of the best; she will never back him up. (Heb. 13:5) Jehovah will help us fight any temptation to meet, and will help us find friends we will never be separated from each other.

20. For us to make good friends, what should we look for, and what are the benefits of finding them?

ahead of the phone: Daniel and his friends helped each other fight off probation, and they remained faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah is our Father, our God, and our Friend

If you find it difficult to know if God is your Father, how can you trust him? Keep in mind, then, that the following are some of the things you are going to do every day in order to get closer to God.

• Don't talk to Jehovah: He wants you to talk to him about your heart, so do not prayed to him.

• Let the Lord speak to you: Read the Bible and do private studies. That will help you to find out his beautiful qualities, and how he helped his servants in the past.

• Be patient: Remember, if you can trust someone and become his or her neighbor, it is not a single day issue. You can be certain that he wants to make you a friend.

For more information on this, see titled, Questions Young People Ask—A Call to Help, Section 2, chapter 35.

How Good Friends Can Support Us . 2. 2.

when faced with temptation?

when we are facing a serious problem?

when we're alone?

DWOM 161

I am Happy and Restorative

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

DOM 162 His Story Will Be My Meal

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

The reason we need to do regular affairs daily, is the process we need to take.

Permanent Search of the Text

'The matter was received, and the text was thoroughly examined every day.'—ASO. 17:11.

In 1905, the church of Jehovah published a book titled the Divine State of the Faith House Everyday. It is published in many languages. This book was created using the contents of various dragons and the Zion's Watch Tower. This gave the brothers a taste of the perfume, and the description they would read every day. This same book was used by Jehovah's people until 1927 without any changes. From then on, regular episodes of the story were brought to the Yearbook. * That helped brothers find more trolls and Review-Government articles describing the poem.

2 In 1986, the issue of brotherly discussion and explanation began to be published by the congregation in a booklet. Permanent Search of the Text. Currently, we publish these booklets in more than 300 languages. It is also available on the JW Library® app, the Guardian-Government INTANET NHOMAKORABEATM (wol.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

3 Being busy, there are some of us that are difficult to do daily affairs. Therefore, let’s consider three questions. First, what is a good example of the Bible for us to do daily affairs? Second, what is the purpose of our discussion? Finally, what kind of suggestion will help us and our actions bear fruit?

* Languages that had not been translated under the Yearbook were imported into the Guardian-Government of each month, and the reference to where to obtain the reference to the topic was determined.

1-2. (a) What documentation was produced by the Jehovah's congregation that provided the brothers with some text that they could discuss every day? (b) Today, where can we find the permanent text?

3. What can make it difficult for us to do the daily thing, and what questions will we consider in this article?

24

THE FIBLE OF THE BIBLE

Based on the information, this study reveals what some Jews in the city of Macedonia did when they were taught by the apostle Paul. (Read Acts 17:10, 11) The Berois who were listening to the courier Paul were ready to hear everyone he said. Therefore, the Bible described them as having "good intentions" and "with all their minds". What Paul taught them was compared to what the Twirons included, which they found to be true. When we listen to a lecture at a learning or meeting, we do so. When the speaker is reading the Bible, look at us and follow us closely. That knows what the speaker is saying.

5 Beroians “many became believers.” (Attention. 17:12) But a problem was looming. Some Jews came from Thessalonica to Persia to speak ill of the apostle Paul, prompting the population to oppose the Berois who had now become Christians. (Attention. 17:13) But that didn't completely scare them. Because of the constant censorship of the case, they were convinced that the truth had been discovered. This made their faith not in vain. We, too, will always be able to endure any kind of adversity if we constantly examine the evidence.

Why do we have to do regular affairs every day?

6 We make a daily statement to show to the Lord that we love him and that his service is important to us. We worship our God, so it is vital that we worship him.

Bible Examples of What Some Was to worship God Everyday

• The Law of Moses required that people of Jehovah sacrifice every day.—Ex. 29.38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the book of the Law and to meditate “on the sun and the night.”—Jos. 1:8, footnote.

• Yaweh told the king of Israel to observe the Law of Moses and to pay a tax, and to read on it every day.—Deut. 17:18-20.

• The musician advised us to read the commandments of God and reflect "on the day and night."—Dw. 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed three times a day.—Dan. 6:10.

• The book of Revelation states that a great crowd of people give holy service to God "to the sun and to the night."—Even. 7:15.

He loves us and wants us to live forever. (John. 3:16) Examples in the Bible show that serving God makes his heart content. Many brothers have found that doing regular tasks hinders their ability to prayer, read the Bible, and take time to think about it.

7 We take a day off work every day to show how careful we are with our time. (Read Ephesians 5:

4. When the Paul taught the Beroians, what did they do? (The Acts of the Apostles 17:10, 11)

5. How did the Beroians come to their aid in the day-to-day investigations?

6. Why do we have to do regular affairs daily? (See the box below, “The Bible’s Exemplification of What Some-Yes Were To worship Jehovah Everyday”.)

7-8. Why is it that we have to do regular affairs on a daily basis? (Effes 5:15, 16)

OCTOBER 2026 25

15, 16.) Every day it is important to take some time to learn about and seek his guidance.

8 Being part of our daily affairs helps us to cope with day-to-day challenges. Jesus said that every day there are 'his problem.' (Mat. 6:34) His story is true; we face many problems every day. But at the same time, Jesus gives us assurance that whatever we are going through is please of God and that he knows all that we need. (Mat. 6:25-32) Every day we do the daily thing, it helps us to shift our mind away from the trouble we are facing, and we focus our attention on the help that God gives us. (Dw. 68:19; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7) For example, it was the case of a sister for a mistake she made, that she was not forgiven by God. She prayed to her father to tell him that he had forgiven her. If he doesn't go to see that day's regular news, then it's a quote from then on at 86:5. “Thank you, O Lord, for your great love and forgiveness; and for all those who call upon you,” it says. He said: “I was relieved and glad that he had comfort me right now,” he said. What happened was very encouraging to me; it has taught me that every day I have to do the regular thing.”

9 In many cases, the text of the daily story reminds us that, when we are in difficulties, we need to trust in God. (Mmeb. 3:5, 6) Let's look at what happened in Ukraine. On the day of the start of the Russian-Ukrainian war, the day of the incident was at 10:15. “If you don’t trust me and your heart don’t let go,” it says. That story comfort the brothers in Ukraine. For example, a brother named Eduard said: “That regular incident was like a bad wind about us. That morning, I got up early in the morning with my wife and we prayed. After we prayed, we realized that we had gained a unique energy to cope with the challenges we were facing.” A sister named Svitlana also says: “As at 10:15, that’s exactly what we need. All the fighting is going on, and we are thinking about it.”

10 Regular engagement helps us make sure that we are faithful to our God. We need the courage to express our gratitude for our students and collaborators. Also, if we can tell the facts of the Bible to others and we can be true to him during our trial, unless we have the courage. When Joshua was appointed to lead his people Israel, he was told three times that he was brave and that he was strong. He was told to read the book of the Law every day; that was the reason for his courage. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) Having a diary and reading the Bible every day will give us the courage to remain firm and strong.

11 As we engage in daily affairs, it helps us to progress in service to God. Paul advised young Timothy to be self-sufficient in speech, conduct, love, faith, and sanitation. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) Making a daily statement, as we can progress in the service of the Lord, gives us the opportunity to think. A person who worships Jehovah in an importance does well to learn how he cares about things, and he does what he can to live by the law of God.—Roman. 8:5, 6.

12 If we take day-to-day affairs, prepare for any assignment to hand over to Yeho-

9. How did the day-to-day event affect the brothers in Ukraine?

10. Why do we need courage, and how can we develop it? (Learn 1:6-9) (See also picture.)

11. What does daily affairs help us in service to God?

12. What opportunity is open to brothers who love God, and how will they be prepared for that opportunity?

26 ADOPTIONS-ABAN

When we read the Bible every day, it gives us courage (see verse 10).

He has been serving. Keep in mind that the church of Jehovah is moving forward, so we need brothers who love God to come to the project. We need brothers who can serve as pioneers, and missions, as well as those who will go to work at Bethel, where we build church buildings, and where we teach languages. We need young men who are hardworking and submit to serve as ministerial, executive, and district administrators. men who are appointed by God to take the lead in the flock must be faithful men who can count on us. There must also be people who are able to make use of Bible principles. (Deut. 1:13-15) Permanent action will help you to see how to apply Bible principles, and will prepare you for any task entrusted to you in the society.

methods we can use to do it.

13 How can you do it? Every Monday through Friday morning, all of the Bethel people around the world meet to pray for a short time, complete with the regular issue being carried out. Also, before you make a regular decision, you can ask in prayer to your children to help you understand what you are going to read, and to see how you will use it. (Yak. 1:5) After reading the text of the regular text, it is the description. After reading it, ask yourself: ‘What’s this daily diary? What has I read, that's what will help me to get closer to God? If I had trouble in the day, how would this routine event contribute to my success?’ If you are spending time with your family or friends and you are doing the same thing together, you can encourage yourself with the content of the discussion. (Roman. 1:12) What some do is that, after the regular statement, it is summated with three or four words, so that the whole day will be remembered.

14 For other ways to create a regular post, try some of the following. (1) Points of the regular case

13. How can you solve the problem of regularity?

14-15. What are some of the ways in which you can do the regular affairs, and how can you remember them?

OCTOBER 2024 27

When you are doing the daily thing, what will help you so that nothing will distract you? (See paragraph 18)

If possible, turn back and think. (2) Read the queues introduced in the regular case. (3) Where the queue on which the regular statement was removed, read all that chapter. (4) As discussed in the regular article, add more details about the Book of Enquiry for Jehovah's Witnesses. (5) With the exception of the Review-Government course from which the regular article was released, you can read some of its passages. If you are doing the regular issue with your phone or tablet, you will see the link of the Guardian-Government from which the regular issue was removed at the end of the day. If you click on it, it will open the Guardian-Government for you. *

15 A sister named Mackenzie said something that helped her remember the regular issue every day. He said: “Even though it’s 5 minutes late to add to my regular routine, it’s helps me to keep running. I take time to read the text on which the regular article is based, and think about it; that makes me remember the regular article.”

16 What time can you do the regular? You can set a time for helping your family.

* The link of the Guardian-Government from which the permanent statement was released, is as follows: You will see the year and month of the Guardian-Government, and the page and verse from which the description of the permanent statement was removed.

16. When can you do the regular affairs?

For example, some families do the regular routine during breakfast, or do it before taking their children to school. In order to keep a memory, they place a copy of the Bible on their desks, which they will know forever so that they don't forget. But whatever happens, you can put yourself in a new time to help yourself if necessary.

17 Why do you need to have the exact time to do the regular thing? For if you don't want to spend the rest of your life on a specific day, you'll soon catch up with him without doing it. Asamoah is a 16-year-old brother. So if you don’t take the time to do anything new in the day, you don’t look forward to it, and you’re not going to take it back.” Sierra is also the 25-year-old sister. “I try to do the first day of the day before the day breaks,” he says. A 21-year-old named Rogelio also said: “I have to sign a sign on my phone so it will remind me to do the regular thing.”

17-18. Why do you need to have the right time to do the regular affairs, and why not? (See also picture.)

28 OWN-ABAN

18 Plans to read the diary every day do your best to comply; don’t distract yourself. Isabelle is a 19-year-old sister who says: “Tell yourself that if you don’t finish doing the regular thing, you’ll never make a phone call or do anything about it. Check and make a regular phone call and if it will take you, do some of the prints instead.” Olivia is also a 19-year-old sister. “One of the most helpful things is having a regular conversation with someone,” he says. “It can be your family or friends. Being there will always remember you for what you have done forever will prevent you from shutting down.”

COURTSHIP IN DAMPTOMS AND Girls

19 Parents, if you try to do daily things with your children, they will do it with you, and even if they grow up, they will continue to do it every day. Even if they learn to understand everything, because you do it daily, they learn to do it regularly. For example, you seem to have placed a small piece of fruit on the ground. If you urinate every day, it can grow into a strong tree. Similarly, if children learn a little about Jehovah on a daily basis, they will grow up to become people with the most faith in him.— Read 1 Philip 1:9, 10.

19. How does daily communication between parents and children contribute to the children? Define an analogy. (Filipis 1:9, 10)

20 Jesus said: “A human being will live not only on bread but on every word that comes out of his mouth.” (Mat.

Make sure Your conviction is based on a solid foundation

When you study the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses, what convinced you that you have known “one faith,” that is, the only way God wants us to serve him? (Year. 4:4-6) We don't ask, how much they love, that's what drew you to joining them? Or is it their honesty and good behaviour? The reason many people have joined the worship of God is that, the church of God shows them genuine love, and it makes them feel secure. If they feel the same way, it is his way, because true Christians are known by their deep love and good character. 13:35; 1 Pet. 2:12.

However, it is no use trying to convince your brother or sister to tell you that he or she has done something wrong and that everyone is talking about it. It may have been his fault with what happened in the Christian society during the time of the Paul. If something happens like that, what will you do? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you let the actions or comments of others destroy your faith, it means that the foundation upon which your faith is based is not strong. How can you prevent such a event from happening?

How will you make your conviction come true?

What you learn from the Bible is likely to strengthen your faith if you continue to seek evidence. Think about this.

At one point, Jesus told his disciples that they should eat his body and drink his blood. When he said that, many of his disciples said: “The mouth of this word is hot." What

Jesus said to many of them, and they abandoned following him. 6:56-60, 66.

After that, he asked his apostles: “You want to go, too? Peter answered: " Lord, who will we go to? You have the words of life forever. We have believed, and we will see that you are the Most Holy One from God—John. 6:67-69.

What Jesus said, why didn't Peter and the other disciples stumble? Their beliefs were based on solid foundation, not mere sentiment. “We have believed that you are the One who comes from God,” Peter said. These faithful apostles knew what they believed and why they were convinced. What Jesus was saying and what he was doing was compared to what they knew in the Scriptures, and they became convinced that Jesus was the Messiah. Because of that, when some left behind Jesus, their faith did not let go.

What can we learn from this? That is, what we know is more important than how we feel. Why is it? because, the feeling that we have, if someone did not treat us properly, can change. But the fact we learn from the Bible, such as God's name, purpose and reception, cannot ever be changed by what one would say or do. Therefore, if we believe in God and believe in his way of providing for his flock, then we will not let what one will do in order to stop serving him.

The love and good behaviour our siblings show to us make us happy. But when someone sets a character on it

30 OWN-ABAN

Even if it doesn't seem normal to us, because of the facts of the Bible, it will not make us confused. This will convince us that we are in the same truth. Therefore, we will not allow anything that would be wrong with a few people to happen to us.

Having a good plan for daily study of the Bible will strengthen the fact that we find it in the Bible. That, in turn, will help us to know that the only religion that God agrees to exist. This will show that our faith is based on a solid foundation. If that happens, no matter what others say or do, our faith will never fail.—Dw. 16:8; see box titled, “Day out of the Good Way”.

Forcing others to compromise their faith means that your beliefs are not solid.

Never Leave the Better Way

Suppose you were on a long trip to a beautiful place to see it. We hope you will enjoy the journey.

As customs demands, certain things may happen that will bother or disturb you. For those with whom you have lived, you may be retorted by some of them. The driver, on the other hand, may not be as good as you would like to talk to or eat with you. If something happens, it doesn't mean that you shouldn't have to drive that van. Instead, to the point where you are going, you need to remain in the car.

We, too, seem to be having a drive to the new world of God’s making, and we are doing well in the flock of God. Overall, some of our fellow Christians will at times do something to make us very sad. For others, one person we consider to be a grave offence may be a grave offence to the ourselves. In other words, that shouldn't have been the case. It is in the same church that we no longer exist. The fact that we find in the Bible, if we believe in and believe that God is giving us his way through his congregation, will strengthen our faith, and will never leave the right way.

OWN-ABAN

CLEANLINESS OF THE HEADGENT

October 2026 Vol. 147, No. 11 TWI

TERMS IN THE TERMS OF THE TERMS

1926—Years of Past 2

Study Statement December 7-13 6

Always appreciate

Study Statement to Learn December 14-20 12

The Right to nascent Assemblies

The Study Statement to Learn December 21-27 18

If two are big, Don't ask why.

Study Statement to be studied December 28–January 3 24

Permanent Search of the Text

Make sure Your Belief Based on a Hard Foundation 30

This book isn't for sale. We use it for biblical teaching work all over the world. People voluntarily donate to the project. For a refund, please visit donate.jw.org.

All the biblical text in this book comes from the Sacred Text—The New World's Translation, unless otherwise indicated.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

SYMPTOMS

Jehovah Blesses Those Who Have faith

Every week, Emma worked three days at a hotel. When he gets there, he spends nine hours working. When he got to the district convention he had to go there to ask him one day from his boss in order to attend. Not only did the boss decline, but he told him that, from that day on, instead of working for three days, he would have been working for five days instead. Then he added that if he doesn't approve of the new policy, then he should not consider it to be self-expression. Emma intended to quit her job so that she could attend the meeting, and she depended on her care.

After the meeting, when Emma sent her resignation, she addressed the most senior hotel manager. When the manager heard what had happened, he assured Emma that he would talk to the manager and allow her to continue doing her work. But two weeks later, Emma was told by the manager that she had fired. When Emma was absent from sleep, she met the most senior hotel manager, who was in a hurry to see her as the boss listened to her and had released Emma. At that very moment, he gave Emma back the job, saying she would work five days a week. The good news is that instead of nine hours of work, he only spent four hours a day. It turned out that this new program was much better than the old one, because it allowed him to pursue his pioneering career and other careers in the service of the Lord. Asamoah felt his poverty, quite surprised.

Go to the jw.org website in Twi, or scan this logo of your product

JW .ORG ®

w26.10-TW