SEPTEMBER

BARBER ZOTUA call for the Yaweh King

BARBER 2–DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOW 2-8, 2026

June 3

Our Strength, Our Hope, Our Confidence (To strength, to Tomorrow)

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

We will learn the reason why we have faith that God will protect us.

Have faith that God will protect you.

He said: 'Is Asamoah'? ”—IM. 91:9, NWT.

We live in the last days. Sooner or later, things will take an end to this world. He will use his “power of reason” to destroy the power of the government, and his power will be given to the United Nations. * (Lil. 1:17) If they do that, the United Nations will never find any possibility, for us and the government to follow their backs forever. (Lil. 12:16) That was the beginning of the great challenge. After that, what will happen?

2 other things will happen again. The politicians will be fond of fighting and fighting against Jehovah's people. Eze. 38:14-16) On what purpose? Satan will make them want to destroy all of God's people. The only thing that can happen is in a confused situation. Armageddon's fight will start. 144,000 people; and the customs that will influence the people of Yendi and the future. This foreign country will no longer exist and the new country will come to an end. [Lil] 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

Does it need to be afraid of Jesus and his angels to destroy this ancient town of Satan? No! No! No! no! Why is this? That's why he said he would change his mind. That's what he said.

Look at the “questions of My Readers” in the November 2022 issue of Piggera Zontua.

1-2. Not long afterwards, what will happen?

3. Can we talk about this happening?

2

It's on the Baabule. It said: "There will be a loud noise in one place after another; there will be ten strokes, but there will not be any more smoke." (Yes 91:7) Let’s take a look at how the 91st of Yoma are answered to this question: How does the Lord say he will protect his people as he has taught the 91st of Yoma? How does Jehovah protect his people today? How bad can it be? At first, let's talk to you about something you're talking about.

YOOMA 91 LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING

The 91st dictionary of the Year is, it is believed that God watches over us. The first and second readings made the problem flare up. (Clause 91:1, 2) Yes, everybody is better than everyone else. Therefore, it is essential that if we use a red cloth to cover a drum, it will protect us. (Art 2:12; Yum. The definition of “seriousness” and “seriousness” are found in ancient times to have existed throughout the country to protect the people of various parts of the world. Victims of the hurricane have been able to escape from the city for a long time. The powerful man also used magic to make us less confident that his people would be safe and sound. No matter what happens You know 91:3-13.

5 yoma: 14-16 has a sad situation. At this reading stage, it is no use asking the President to tell us how he can help us. It is from Jehovah that he will help us. ( count 91:14-16.) In this article, he has spoken out in many ways to help his people. Because they trusted him, his name is familiar to them. We can be certain that he is not lying. That's what he said. Come on 23:19; Yos. 3:14

The reason why he wrote 91 is that he wants to believe that he can protect us. (Arom 15:4) As far as I am concerned, we can only say that “He is my trust, and my power.” (Yes 91:2) How much does Jehovah want for you?

How long is it going to take?

7 And the book of the book of the year says that 91 yeoman is the one who will be able to understand how God can control the situation. We regret that he can help us now and make a friend of his. It is no longer revealed that God will protect people from such desires. It shows that God cannot allow his enemies to kill all his people. He'll make it possible for his people to take matters into their hands. Why can we say that?

8 To tell you exactly what Jesus was going to say to the Stairway, just as Santana used to give a look at what was at in Christmas 91. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.) Satan said in a statement at 91:11, 12 that it was necessary for God to intervene.

4. As late as 91:1, 2 indicates, how is the Lord going to protect his people?

5-6 (a) What does Yaweh say to us about 91:14-16? (b) Why can we believe what he says?

7. What is the purpose of education?

8-9 When Jesus was being looked at by Satan, how did Jesus look back and how could he learn? (Matu 4:5-7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 3

Jesus is not to die. Satan said to Jesus that, as soon as he left the house of his mother-in-law’s house, he fell down and refused to do so. How did Jesus respond? She didn't tell Shitaana "I'm lying!" The Bible doesn't say that God will intervene in his people's lives. And Jesus said in a bush, "May God bless you" Can we learn from Jesus who was married to Satan?

Jesus knew that his father was a man of many ages. His people were following him until they died. Come. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Da. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) Jesus was not willing to give up on his father. The experiment confirmed that he would prevent a malaria infection or death. He didn't have the courage to do that. That's so, Satana didn't lie to him when he was 91 years old that Yendi had brought up his people. Asamoah made a mistake when asking Jesus to do something unexpected. Jesus' song at Satan's house helped us understand how the 91 mountains taught us that God can rescue all of his people. he will remember them when they take the book, change their lives, or make it available to them.

10 To him, what was the difference between the two and the other makes us very grateful. Jehovah is like a sword. We believe that he will punish anyone who is guilty.

Mmabila turned it off. Therefore, he should not be afraid of what might happen, just as the country of Satan is destroyed. Now consider, how he will change his mind now, before he dies.

How long has Yaw been waiting for you now?

Today, he teaches us how to separate ourselves from him. He knows that it is bad and that it is not easy for him to love the things he likes the things he has said. (Arom 6:16; 7:21-23) Let's have a little chat with you.

12 Jehovah gave it to the Bible. In the beginning, he explained to us how to protect ourselves, how to do it. Maybe I can hear what Jesus spoke about at 5:28, 29. (read.) Jesus was saying that the woman was “out of sight and out of sight and out of sight and out of sight and out of sight.” Can we learn something from this?

13 If you take a picture of a monkey, it'll give you a hearty welcome. If we had the courage to pull the switch, we could do manual work. (Yes 1:14, 15) If we don't want to have this heart attack, we have to do this quickly with Jesus's advice. Jesus was saying to us

Just a few years ago, our member explained that, 91 years ago, he explained to me that he would protect us from the attack. He is the only one who cares about it. The book also stated that, when a stranger was speaking to a group of 91 people, he said that, indeed, he would not allow his people to die or be injured is not true.

10. What does it have to do with what we believe?

11. How does Jehovah help us to have good things?

12-13. How can we prevent the heart from beating properly? (Matu 5:28, 29)

4 PIGRA ZONTUA

He fits the description in his armpit so that he can hold the book by five.

It has to be changed. He said, "That's so, don't be so exceedingly proud. Give it to me." (Mt. 5:29) We must make changes; we must also do what we cannot have a bad heart. Memorize it, it'll take a long time without looking at a picture of a fly. (Wormwood) 3:5. If we use this information technology, we will be able to get to the wrong place.

14 Jehovah gives us hope for his rest. He has his peace of mind help us to enjoy good health. If we are asking him for his blood type, he will get it for us. (Lunter) 11:9-13) How much will the peace of the country help us? The worker Paul said: "Let [us] continue teaching you the way to buy as much as you want." (Yes 5:16) All this research is based on the recent teachings of God. If we do that, May God protect us from the typhoon. When wisdom is coming up into the mind, God can intervene and change his mind. The peace of God cannot be separated and will help us to do what is right and to do it. That will help us to focus our attention on the Lord's umbrella.

14. How does the peace of the country help us?

SEPTEMBER 2026 5

15 Jehovah's flock is helping us. He is loyal to his family and the theory that help us keep in good condition. measurement, control and success; at times it can be difficult to change what we have already done. Or he thinks that no one is happy about him. You can make a decision. When it happens like that, Satanaa always wants to be more patient or to be more patient, because he wants to think that we can't praise him anymore. (Mt. 4:3; 6:13) and the group gave us a lot of insight into how we know that God is patient and takes care of us. Again, he was very patient. (Yes 86:5; Mt. 10:29-31; Lu. 12:28; Hebrew. 13:5. Who has read the book of the week and how hard it is to speak the good news about the next time? That explains how a group of people agree to share their knowledge with each other as soon as they can with him.

16 Jehovah will not allow his enemies to kill all his people. In time, he had the opportunity to change his mindset or to kill his people so that they could proclaim that Satana was a liar. (Lil. 2:10; 6:5) and Satan was not happy with the murder of few people. Satan is angry that he wants to kill an enemy. (Mt. Okay; Lil. 12:9-12) And that won't happen! It is unfortunate that he used his authority to protect his people so that they could worship him. Heh. 1:8, 14.

17 Jehovah does not tolerate the affairs of his people. When we consider his theory, it binds us with many things. Mag. 14:29, 30: 22:2; 2 Ko. 7:1 doesn't think he has to protect every information today. If he does that, Satana will be in a hurry to say that he is not happy because he is angry. (Ob 1:10, 11) When it is fully grown and given thanks to God, it will be clear that Sitaana is a liar. It would show that he is very truthful to God, that's why we love him and praise him. (Arom 9:22) Soon, will not be enough for his people anymore. And as soon as he comes, then he will help us to finish the work already. 1 Ko 10:13; 1 Pe. 5:10

When will Jesus come back from his people?

At the age of 18, God will help us to make the best of our situation. And will he get well soon? In this country, if the government tortures people of the United Nations, he will not tolerate the execution of all his people. Eze. 38:1, 2, 10-16) The Lord will commission Jesus Christ and his army to separate his people. That's the beginning of the Armageddon War. They'll destroy all of God's servants. (Lil. 12:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jesus deal with his people during the battle of Armageddon?

15. How does the organization of Jehovah help us? (See picture.)

16. (a) What happened to some of Jesus' American brothers and sisters? (b) What will Jehovah do for his people?

17. Why doesn't we think that God needs to protect every information today?

18. How will he punish his people?

6 PIGRA ZONTUA

When Jesus and his soldiers invaded the region of Armagedon, they were united. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. and in the war of Armageddon, the thieves can't kill the thieves.

We've seen Armgedon in the war. He sang: 'There will be a hole in it; there will be ten o'clock in it, but there won't be any more smoke in it. He is anxious to find a place to crash on the sofa. As a matter of fact, God is omnipotent, let this Almighty be with you forever." (Yes 91:7. At Armagedon, God will not allow his people to have a problem. she will remember that we have held the gun, postponed its course and made it available to me. That's why we don't have to fear what'll happen in the future. We have a theory that God exists, and we find it difficult to persuade him.

19 No one should fear Jesus and his soldiers would destroy this country during the war of Armageddon. Why is this? As a result, it is worth noting that the one who is right and wrong is powerful. If Jesus and his soldiers were fighting in the name of the Lord in the war, then all the powers of the Lord will be destroyed. We have a theory about this. Yes 5:33; cell. 14:12) To believe that in the war of Armedon, the Lord can't kill only one of His people. 21:28; 2 Pe. 2:9

20 Yendi breathed the drink so that the yooman would write something to her that could possibly work.

19-20. Why shouldn't Jesus be afraid of us if his soldiers destroyed Jesus in the battle of Armegeddon? (See picture of this book.)

picture this book: In the war of Arms, it is difficult for God to intervene. He'll make it difficult for me to trust him.

Who'll compensate for it?

How did Asamoah teach us that God can protect us?

How does Jehovah protect us now?

How will God protect his people from harm tomorrow?

Anniversary 8 Yendi Is Our Refugee (Yewa is To Suka)

MOVEMBER 9-15, 2026

It was not until 36 June that we had a baby.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Our knowledge of how to solve the problem is impossible.

How can we have a say in the past?

Help him with his gardening. 1 NA. 3:9, NWT.

Many people go into the trucks when they see people watching them or when they no longer go to the trucks, they will spread their wickedness. Most of the people go to prison for drunken driving. For example, in Jesus' time, the disciples were singing. (Mt. 23:5 And the reason why we now know that, is Lord, is that his theory is certain. Jesus. 48:17, 18) Aside from that, it is better. And one thing is more important than all that happened now.

2 Perhaps the most important reason why she is so poor is that she is loved so much. (Mt. 22:37, 38) To love her wedded her to love him with all our heart. (Arom 6:17) Therefore, most people are still looking at us or do not understand his theory unless they understand it. For the sake of its success, the times are hard to come now to rely on, Osaka. In this article, we will discuss two things at the Bible. It help us to have a good time. First, it is the only way to examine the history of Israel that was recorded in Egypt. Let's first talk about what King Jehoshaphat of Judah's son-in-law did.

When the IS was a child, how did the Lord make his name known?

In order to save the nation of Israel from Egypt, he sang to them and promised them something that could have been difficult for them to do. He told them to put a ring or a bag of potato chips on the door and put the blood on the door. That could only happen if they were able to get the Israelites back as soon as they were ten. Yes 12:5,7 When the Lord's angel comes, he will not kill a child or a girl in the house where there is no blood. to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pickpocket, to pick up, to pickpocket, to pick up, or to pick up, or to pick up, or to pick up, or leave.

1. Why do people make noise?

2. Why is it so important to trust Mr. Akwabena?

3. What could make the children of Israel fear to become a teacher of Jehovah? (See picture.)

8

the people of Israel used to laugh at the people of Egypt who could see them (see also at the beginning of the census).

It was a terrible year for the people of Israel to follow this teaching. Why is this? The Egyptians came from three years ago. Therefore, the people of Israel may think that if they kill these animals that the Egyptians chanced upon, they could be angry and refuse to kill them. Yes 8:25-27) And the people of Israel understood that it was necessary for them to obey the teaching. That was when "Dohe Naaye" was born. Let's go. Let's go. Love. Yes 12:28) At five o'clock

In the night, the Israelites were all out of Egypt. When Jesus started teaching them to go to the sea, the sea's surface was clear and they understood something that was difficult for them. He told them to go to the other side of the river, next to the Moose, and finally to the other end. The Mosés passed away in the presence of the people of Israel, including the Pharaoh and his army. Therefore, the people of Israel may think that if they go to the other country, they will never be able to escape. In spite of that, the Israelites felt that what they had been told had happened to Moses. Yes Rome-to-Her.

4. When did Jesus tell the Israelites how to abandon Egypt?

When they saw the Egyptians scolded them, "I fear them" told Moses that he was guilty of murder! Yes 14:5-11) The people of Israel thought it was wrong to follow the commandments of God. To see why they used to sing like that, it was as if he were listening to their actions.

5 Baabule said that the people of Israel were not happy with the fact that "the elders" of Israel sent him to Egypt. They sing no songs the way he likes them. ( count 106:7.) They sing to the sound of their defeat when they battle for their lives. And they didn't understand how much he loved them and they agreed that he could take care of them. He was aware that they did not believe him and told them "that he was their share. Let's go. Let's go. At the beach It is there that Moses was born after the Moslem in the Gold Coast and was still unknown at the beginning of October. After that, Jesus said all the men of Israel will not enter the Western part of the country. (Yes 10.10:21, 24-26) Can I learn this by heart?

5. How did the people of Israel feel so happy that what they did for their Moslem? (Early 106:7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 9

LOTS FOR ISELDOMA

The situation of the people of Israel helped us to understand better why we need to know why we now rely on our Lord and choose whichever of them should be. For instance, we need to ask ourselves, 'where is my sister, whom I know will help me?' Perhaps the reason why some people in Israel used their blood to buy oranges is because they adopted their oranges and did not want the new ones to know that they really loved God. You may also ask yourself, ' Am I in love with people of the opposite sex?' When the people of Israel were outside Egypt, then the people of Egypt were in a position to worship the people of Israel and to give them more wealth. Yes 12:36) After that, when the Egyptians invaded the land of Israel, the Israelites no longer trusted in God. Yes 14:10-12) We don't want to be like the people of Israel who didn't trust him. You have to trust in the one who appointed you. (Read Jeremiah 3:4.) We will give a lecture about Jehovah, even if it is not clear how much it means. If the theory of God could make some people angry, it would still be done. How can we ensure that God does not speak to people of Israel in public?

Let her love be strong to her God. When a group of Jehovahs gives a theory that we no longer understand what it takes to support us, or they do not give a theory that can be difficult for us to follow, it is easier for us to understand the meaning of our actions. If it happens to me

So, it has to be clear why to buy a new car. We love him and put some tomatoes on it. (1 y) He's precious to God. We'll be able to sit down and wait for him. In the future, we will realize that the Lord is our responsibility. [No] 7:7; Mike. 7:7

On Monday morning, most of the brothers and sisters were in the same class. The explanation doesn't really make sense now. They always follow suit. For example, just as the COVID-19 pandemic was reported in the year, the Tiger Tigers reported that they would either make a phone or a videoconferencing program. One of the farmers in Peru said, "Yes, I used to think it would be hard for my parents to follow in the videoconferencing process." No matter how old he is, he can’t let his feet down in order to rely on his ancestors. Mag. 3:5, 6) What's coming from there? He said, "I know this doesn't make much sense now. The boys were enthusiastic about the quality of the room and their belief in God. Try another example. In 2020, the group was in a changed state, with a different language or another. Mmabila comes from Japan to study the language of the country. When the group was about to start learning that language, he said to himself, “I want to do what I am supposed to do with what I am doing and not what I am doing.”

Get ready for the day. It is important that we be ready to make a decision of the King's word, whether people are silent or not. In many respects, most people have the right to make a decision.

6. If we put our trust in God, then what shall we do? (Jeremia 23:4)

7. If we had a strong love for him, how would we ever have helped ourselves?

8. How did two of my brothers honor Jesus?

9. How can we prevent disease from spreading to people? (See picture.)

10 PIGRA ZONTUA

The service is not to be kept in check. It still has to be done with anger, no matter how many times people have been talking to people, God will destroy this world. We'll continue with the announcement that Armageddon War will start. (Mt. 14:14) In other words, in the capital city, people's hearts will be affected by the floods. That will also allow them to consider whether the King of God is a human or a human. The publishers of the new edition of the book are willing to give a speech. The cause of the argument is still bearing light. * (Lil. 16:21) They will be angry with God and his people as Pharaoh was angry with the people of Israel. We'll be able to sleep tomorrow. A good thing to do is show how to improve the culture of the word. It doesn't matter how people do it.

When was the last time you prayed to your father?

10 When reading the Bible, we will see more people singing our songs.

See “The Asker" in the August 2025 issue of Piggera Zontua.

10. How was the year of Jehoshaphat's son-in-law?

One of their towns is in King Jehoshaphat's son-in-law. When he was the King of Judah, three of the tribe that wanted to fight them. He understood why Jesatat and his people were afraid. Don't worry. There was a fear in her year that she could make a decent decision. Asamoah trusted in God. We've learned how to talk to him.

11 hours is too short for him now. Asamoah's father-in-law was old, so he was old. Don't worry. There was so much peace that Jehoshaphat asked for his assistance. Don't worry. At this point in life, she sang “brilliedly” for herself, or when she sang to her heart that she begged Jehovah to obey his instructions. Asamoah asked for his help. ( guessed second word at 20.5, 6, 10-12.) No matter how hard the situation is, we can talk about it. It has to be decided that it is necessary to trust Mr. Akwame, the master of the house, who will help us; the Babule used it to sprinkle gravel. Nothing but a miracle can save her now.

11. When he was young, what did he do when he was a child? (2 words 20.5, 6, 10-12)

Now that I am making the right decision, it's impossible for me to make the same decision about the future. (See chart below.)

11

When the Canomeams are getting older, they'll show off to each other. (See chart below.)

12 Most teach the Babule. The story of Jehoshaphat shows that he was a good singer. God told Abraham that he would give the beautiful princely town to his sons. That was how Joshua was able to give the land to the people of Israel. (Pin. 12:7) And as for Joshua, he knew all the days that Solomon lived in, all the long time that he had lived in. Asamoah talked about what was going on in his ear. Don't worry. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) Asamoah knew about Jehovah and helped him with his problems. If we study about Jehovah, in whatever situation is in the Bible, it can help us to lose our trust in him even if he is difficult to do. -Mt. 13:5

13 have a secret. Asamoah's request is that he get a sense of humor. Ako-Safa was a king and had a lot of soldiers. He didn't look after me when I was a child. She devoted her life to the worship of God. He stood among the people and asked if Yendi could help him because he didn't know what to do.

By the way Don't worry. 20:12) As long as he was listening to the music of the pit, only the way to the teacher's house did he spend the night in peace. Anytime you sign a sign, you'll find the right person in front of everyone.-Flip. 2:5, 8.

14 wonders how it's possible for people to get it. Yassah's request was answered with a song. She was in a hurry to give a speech to Yaho-satat. Yaasel told the people not to fight. He said to them in a spirit of peace, as soon as he saw the king's son fighting against you. Thebabull said that he had lived "in the place of [his] mother-in-law's mother-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's name. This time the generals were generous with a gesture of the voice. In the day of his song, Jehoshaphat's year-old people said, "Maybe Moses and Yendi are Yendi," and "the others.-2 20:14-20

The 15th year of Jehoshaphat's son-in-law indicates that he had a lot of faith. She used to hate people "in front of their pens" to praise Jehovah. Don't worry. 20:21) Asamoah was "spoken to the people" then.

12. How can we lose our trust in God?

13th. How often can I lose weight to help us now?

14. When he was a teacher to Jehoshaphat, how did he behave?

15. What did Yehosatat do that suggested?

12 PIGRA ZONTUA

Do it. That song reminded his people of his protection and protection. What Yensogya did was incredibly stupid. He helped them prevent the enemy from killing each other. 20.22-24

16 Kenomema, some of the woodworkers who have power can talk to Jehoshaphat's son-in-law. By the time he was born, his whole family was helping his people to worship Jehovah. What Jehoshaphat did was very similar to what King Solomon did. As soon as Aso-Monah prayed to God for the truth, he asked for his help so that he could save her all his life. When Solomon asked what he was helping his son for all the benefit of his people She sang to her God-fearing-people's teaching. ( count 1 pepper-ma 3:9.) When Jehoshaphat was a youth, he listened to the voice of the Lord. And when he realized what he had done, he always spoke to the people and urged them to follow his teachings. A candle light must be fixed. When the Kenyan made up their mind to do something different the same as the one they taught Babulelo, the group members often asked some of the scientists who were in their shoes. Mag. 15:22) They used to go straight to the station to teach me how to do it. their totems; their totems; their totems; their totems; their totems; their totems assailants. Yes, when parents come out to teach their children good news about God, that will help their children to do that. 1:8; 14:1.

17 To make sure that our King, Yeho-wa, takes care of us and lets us know that we all have to do at all costs. Asamoah spent a lot of time looking after his family. At times, we may not fully understand his theory, so we do not have to lose patience. A horse is better than a horse, and it can do whatever it takes. Jesus. 55:5. Therefore, let us hope that we will praise the Lord with all our heart.

16. How do those with a position of authority communicate the meaning of the Lord's name? (1 drug 3:9) (See picture.)

17. Why is it so important to trust the other person?

Who'll compensate for it?

Can you learn what the people of Israel did after they left Egypt?

How did he use his brains to give thanks to God?

Can you learn what happened to Joseph?

88th year

Let me know for certain about him.

MOVEMBER 16-22, 2026

To spread the gospel to all people

It'll help if it rains in the year 84.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Can we learn at 8:23 how to communicate with people from all walks of the world?

A total of ten children are from all over the country. They [were] not to find any man in the country of Judah, they will go around looking for his sheep."—Zek. 8:23.

THE people of the United States used to kill the young man in an attempt to hang up with the young man Babal Dewoko. That was the first time people used to speak different languages and to spread all over the country. (Pin. 11:6-9 is the intention of his congregation. Let's go. Let's go. [I] from person to person, from clan to country, from language to language” to praise him. He also wanted to help them find the capital in the capital city. (Lil. 7:9, 10, 14) How can people who speak different languages have faith in God? It is difficult to make up for them, both in their mother tongue. (Read Arom 10:13, 14.) It's a must that he broadcasts the gospel to people who can get well.

2 year old made him renowned. Zechariah said that "there will be a great many towns in the city that will be built in the King's palace. Let's go. Let's go. be a success to people." (Zek. 2:11) Subsequently, Zechariah wrote: "It is the kings of silver that says, in those days, ten baskets of bread will be stretched out all over the land. [they] saw a man from the tribe of Judah, going round his garment and saying to him, Let us cross the sea into the land, thus

1. Why is it necessary to improve the quality of the word processor? (Arom 10:13, 14)

2. What was Zechariah's last word for?

14

Give birth to your mother-in-law (Zek. 8:23) This weather is very cold this morning. Let's now see how we can solve the problem with people who speak different languages.

God's people make a lot of money.

The “Jewish people” established the Christian religion. They are called 'the Israel of God'. (Yes 6:16) They will meet with Christians on the royal throne. (Heb. 3:1) The “10 tomorrow” stands for those who will live forever in Paradise. These people are from different clans and speak different languages.

In 1919, Jesus appointed a few branches to be the 'sense of the wise.' The well being of the day was known to have involved the translation of the Bible in many different languages. (Mt. 45) And in 1919, the people of the then generation of Jehovah's people used the video to read 'Photo-Drama of Creation' to give to people. This video was translated into many languages. Later, in 1921, they released the book The Harp of God to help people understand the meaning of Babule. This book was translated into 36 languages. In 1935, the Japanese made the impression that the only people who came from all over the world would be grateful to God all the time. The freedom of religion knew for certain that they would have to proclaim the gospel to all nations. Therefore, they wrote a book about the history of the country in which Zechariah's interpreter is likely to do some work.

“The people will be happy for you”

Due to the word of the mouth, it is often found in various dialects. Just as Asamoah spoke, many people would want to know what he really is. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) The ability of the people of God to help the public is, they are very happy to work hand in hand with the making of books, and they publish a lot of books for all the people in the world. (Yes 68:11; 110:3) Leenesa, the team developed ev.org and JW Library to help people speak different languages so that they can learn the language of the Bible.

6 People from different ethnic groups, from different ethnic groups, drink water from the source because belief in God holds them special. The important thing that the people of Jehovah do well to do is to give them a gift. This book is available in more than 1,100 languages. That is the reason why every year thousands of people study the Bible and turn to worship of God.

7 Is it there that the people of Yendi speak different languages and dialects alike?

3. Here's a list of the people for the "Jewish people" and the 10 outlets?

4. What did Jesus do after his creation?

5-6 How does Asamoah work today? (See picture.)

7. How much money does it cost today?

SEPTEMBER 2026 15

A variety of people from different backgrounds, from different cultures to different types of people, are attracted to the call for the intervention. (See numbers 5-6)

Corresponding matters for everyone. The police are helping them with this job. (Clausedis 14:6.) No matter how well we see the word of the weather in Zechariah and other documents, it really makes us angry that the rest of the world will work. To lose hope that we will become a part of God's organization, the main cause of his anger is God's help people to come to grips with the truth.

Jehovah works for the good in the future.

8 Pentecost 33 AD At first, Johna did a wonderful job. By the turn of his year, Jesus' disciples in Jerusalem began to speak various languages. Let's go. 2:4-10) Why did she sing like that? As a result, many people used to go.

Jerusalem is to be admired in God's temple. He also wanted others to hear the story in their mother tongue. Let's go. 2:11; 3:30; 2:30; 3:30; 3:30; 3:30; 3:30; 6:30; 3:30; 3:30; 3:30; 6:30; 6:30; 3:30; 6:30; 3:30; 6:30; 6:30; 3:30; 6:30; 6:30; 6:30; 6:30; 6:30; 6:30; 3:30; 6:30; 6:30; 6:30; 6:30; 6:30; 6:30; 6:30; 3:30; 3:30:30:30; can cure.

People want to spread the word in their mother tongue. A good example is this: Consider one who goes to one country after another. If he wants to be free, he needs to go to the hospital to see a doctor. My doctor doesn't understand a person's feelings. In that case, he had to find someone to help him understand what the doctor taught him. That’s enough, if you understand the meaning of Babule in more detail, people will be united and will be optimistic about the future.

8. What wonderful thing did Jesus do at Pentecost in 33 C.E. on the table?

9. How can we help people who can't understand their speech?

16 PIGRA ZONTUA

Of course If we meet someone who doesn't deserve our help, we can still use the Bible to help him. Suppose you could give him a book or play a video on his or her behalf.

10 How do we compare the books with JJ Library red threads? Let's forget we're talking about English. He was at the sea coast for a crowd of people all the way from Turkey to work on the beach. The man could not speak English because he accepted the sign. Here comes a message from God! At first Robert was aware of the danger in the crowd. That way, she showed the room number one and a number of readings. This village asked us a lot of questions about our country. Robert answered his question in a official English language with his library. The bride said, “I am surprised that my question is answered answered right away!” Robert says: "We talked until two o'clock. After a discussion, the lecturer in Baabule understood the meaning of the poem and realized that the Baabule was a useful book. What a huge opportunity it is for us to reach out to you and hear your voice!

11 If a person carries a bag of books on a given topic or topic on a ev.org topic, it may not be difficult to follow his/her heart As a result, Babule was ready to give a speech to people who could not understand her accent.

10-11. (a) Who taught us what Robert said? (b) What did someone learn about this box? "The woman went to the other end of the road, then got to know Y-how"

Lidj Neey baner Qab Ntuk Tshiab Huiaab Thaytoob

she went on her way to another town, eventually to get to know her.

There was a big earthquake last year for one woman named Yaa. She went to the United States in love with him. She didn't speak English at all. He was speaking only Hmong. Her husband isn't very good at reading things about Babule. Yaa said, "I was not really happy or happy." One day my aunt sent him a book on how to get to Park Street from Hmong to live. You should learn about the way Jesus spoke in the presence of God. He/she will do it tomorrow. He's never heard of such a thing. The little he got from the book made him happy. He is now in the dream of becoming an adult. She used this book to bury her husband. She is reading this little book all the time. Later Yaa's daughter was a girl of the same age as hers. She used to take her mother to language classes. When the examination was completed, Yaa was ready to give a witness to the congregation. The little book helped him to study about God and worship him.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17

Let everyone in the world know the name of Jehovah

12 people have been turning the Bible over and over again for many years. The interpreter is trying to translate the Bible, because they want people to read the Bible. Now, we can all read the Bible together in a thicket so that we can understand it. The New World Translate edition of the Holy Scriptures was translated into many languages. That helped Jehovah in the area of the region to learn the truth from Babule. One of the cables in Nepal was speaking from the New World translation to translate the word ama in English. He said: "I feel like talking to you when I am reading the Bible. That helped me to prepare the baby so that I wouldn’t be too tired to accept it.” For example, a total of 300 people live in the United States. The Bible is the only one that has anything to do with this. It is no use trying to convince Baabule of the truth. That's why the whole world is ruled out by God's grace, and that's why their theory is different. (1 p.m. 1:10) And in other words, the New World translation was very successful. What's that about?

13 God's name is missing in many Babula yesterdays. And the name of God is in the New World translation too many times. About 100 years ago, the name of God was mentioned more and more in Babula as strange as the Hebrew version. Thanks for bringing me here. Today I'm going to be Christmas. I don't have a phone number and I don't want people to know that. For example, a Chinese citizen named Babula was named after his mother in the notebook. Some prominent ladies also came out from God's name in Babula. And in the New World translation edition, the name of God is mentioned too many times as many times as they used to be written in the Bible. Why is it necessary for people to know the name of God?

14 Baabule has suggested that it is necessary for us to know the name of God and be engaged in business. The drummer said to the drummers, "Pent in the name of [Ya'an] Yendi." (Yes 135:1) When Jesus was speaking to his disciples on the subject matter, he said to them: "You must not speak ill of one another." Later, when Jesus was lifting his Father's name upon him, he said when he said, “Let them know” by name. (Mt. 6:9; yon 12:26) In the mouth of John, the servant of the Lord, Paul added in a song, "Every word that comes out of [the] name of God will be found. (Arom 10:13) Because of the royal family register, many people think it's irrelevant for them.

It was about 2,000 years ago that the Hebrew language was translated into Greek. That was the first time any of the Babules were translated.

12. How did the people of the United States benefit from the translation?

13th. Why isn't God's name widespread in Babula yesterday?

Since 2008 the President of the Republic of Ghana declared his decision not to give a name or a name after the name of God in the name of God, in the name of God, in the name of God, or in the name of men. Review The Watchtower October 1, 1997, p. 16-18, no. There's no difference.

14. As indicated by the U.S. Constitution, what has made it necessary for us to know the name of God and to have a role in business?

18 PIGRA ZONTUA

The name of God also goes to work.

Many of the 15 Jehovahs in the New World Declaration have written it down. The Bible informs us the truth, knew the exact meaning of God's name and the meaning of his name. 18:10; Isa. 56:6

The Bible says that soon “God will fight for all nations. (Lil. 16:14) At that time, God will raise up people of all nations who know him, even now he comes to be called by his name. (Yes 9:10; read Yonah and the others who rejected his name, he will admit them that he is the One who is the greatest. “I did that to my boss and I will show my support for others’ faces,” he said. That will let them know that I am a thief."

15. How did the Saradoma know about God's name?

16. Why is it necessary to know Jehovah now? (Yes )

Eze. 38:23) At that time, people of the Lord will be very grateful to be their friend and to be their friends. [I] 3:16

17 It is a considerable amount of money given to people in all over the world according to Zechariah 8:23. Again, there is an opportunity for us to introduce ourselves to the blacksmiths, with the blacksmiths. According to the constitution, the name of God is different from that of men. He gave us free demos that would help us carry the load of the matter to all our families, all our relatives, and all our neighbors. Therefore, let us use every information provided by God to help people to become his friends. You can help them to see that he is good and that he is interested in people and that he is interested in them and that he is interested in them. What a rare experience it takes to know the name of God!—Lun. 11:2.

17. Do all of us have a right to make a decision?

Who'll compensate for it?

Who's the person in charge of the "Jewish people" or the person in charge of the "ten boar" made up of about 8:23?

Why is it so simple for people of all races to learn about God?

Why is it important for people to know the name of God?

June 57

Publishing to All Shorts of People (Molda Loves Everyone)

NOW 23-29, 2026

10th year

The Divine Pattern of Love (Tara>>tw-en<<)

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

We can learn about this and make it possible for the young people to grow up in this world.

It is through God that the malaria parasite is made known to exist as having a beautiful scent.

The priest always wears sunglasses in public. they elected him, and bowed his head to God. 5:1.

All humans need help, even without their knowledge. The cause of Adam being very poor was that he made it difficult for all of us to eat the same thing as he did. (Ep. 2:12; Col. 1:21) It seems like this has caused a great gulf between the people and the people of Yendi. Therefore, if people do not receive help, it would be difficult for them to produce a child in God's name. If people don't have the guts, God can't tell them how to get to know what to do with life. They'll never change their plans. What did this do to help us?

2 Jehovah made machines available to us so that we could cook the food He made the people of Israel rule over culture, culture, and culture. After that, he made Jesus the King of Christianity the King of Man. Jesus is still High Priest or this year. In this article, we will learn how to solve the problem of malaria. Try us again now and I'll help you even more. In the end, we will be able to discuss these principles in detail how much we love God.

The malaria parasites aid in the fight against illegal small-scale mining in the country.

The musician Paul used to explain why the Lord used to lead the nation of Israel. (Clause Hebrew 5:1) He was wanted by God to be the son of his mother.

1. Why is everybody so looking for help?

2. Can we talk about this happening?

3. As at Hebrew 5:1, how does the malaria parasite give support to those who want to please God? (See picture.)

20

Let people know that, it's time for God to create a bridge and make it possible for them to have a baby. (See also vol. 3

That is why he used to appoint a leader to help people praise him; it doesn't matter to them who are bad. The leader of the culture, together with the priest, helped the people who wanted to praise God so that they could worship him.

The malaria parasites don't care how old they are in Israel to praise and worship God, how old do they look? Look at two things: First, people were taught about Jehovah. How much did she cost? Malik 2:7 states: "Malemedian has a lot of trouble. People would like a promotion. Incidentally, it's a very punctuational to Paramount Chief. In fact, the malaria parasite was used in the history of Israel. Moses was known to have been responsible for the murder of his son. For example, in the days of Nehemiah, 13 Leviatos helped Ezra be kind to the congregation of Moses. They used to teach the people that it was simple for them to understand. That made it possible for the people of Israel to have a business with God and to have a son with God. 8:2, 3,6-8.

4. What vital role did the malaria parasite have in Israel?

I mean, malaria is a crime against humanity. The matrilinearies used to make mourning for the people, but it also did what they could to ensure that God could forgive them. The sons of Israel used to be very busy every day. They used to know that they had to find help, so he could forgive them generously. (Yes 51:9. That is why the Lord used to allow animals to be used in pagan sacrifices. Some Israelite people who were believed to have been happy and happy even though they knew that God was helping them. This love allows us to know that God has love and affection for his people. He wants them to be happy and be his friends forever.

The BABule talked about the history of malaria.

6 When Jesus came to power in Israel, the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of believers.

5. What further work did the illegal miners in Israel need to do?

6. Is it certain that he hasn't chosen a law-abiding nation in Israel before? Why did he call other people law-abiding?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

Give money to the children and their families. He was happy when they were doing that. When it comes to things, he wants to have a good relationship with people who have a genuine interest in him. For example, when Noah and his son-in-law went out into the box, he was awfully scared that he was happy to let go. (Pin. 8:20) Abraham-Hamp used to be the creator of the house. (Pin. 12:7, 8 a.m., Job made a terrible time for his children, to say that if they do something true, God will not be angry with them. ( Job 1:5) That's why he called some people his male born-in-law, it's been around then that he didn't choose any female-in-law nation Israel. And he sang to the people of Israel, "Those who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people and who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people and the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people and the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people and the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people and the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people, and the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people, the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people and the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who are the people who 12:22

Yes 40.12-15) The people of the tribe of Leviaa contributed to the development of the country of Israel as a whole continue to be a source of tuberculosis for one of the people of Israel. How did you define the importance of wearing a seatbelt? The reason why they need to work on that bike is the same as how they do it? By the time he came into the international community, he had already done something better to help people.

9 As Jesus was born, his year was a malariaan leader who would help people to come and worship Jehovah. (Heb. 8:1) After that, Jesus gave his life as a consecrated resurrection, it would also do what people could could to get better food. Jesus' cassava was more than acre of groundnuts. Jesus is still the Most High Priest and help us carry the Lord's suitcases. (Heb. 9:24) Jesus is the Most High Priest, the King will appear in this town, the 144,000 people will be the nobility, and the nobility will be the youngest. (1 p. 1:3,5,5:9) Lord, Jesus and 144,000 people will support the people who worship the Lord to make the world a paradise. How unfortunate it is to get this job done!

The person who stood for Jesus said that he was a poor person in Babylon is a Melkizede. (Pin. 14:18) He was a poor man, king. For instance, he said that the Messiah would be a chief, just like Melchizeedek used to be. And the way to Mexico would make people live forever. 110:4; Hebrew. 7:17

After that, the people of Israel were added to their culture by the name of Moses. The magazine reported a crime against humanity. The highest priest has to do a certain amount of work. When he became a father to Moses, he resembled his son-in-law.

10 As soon as we got to know things, How did Yako know that there were alligators in the sewers? The bread that the priests used to do this year helped the people of Israel to know that they were looking for firewood. In the 19th century, the 14000 people of Jesus would be engaged.

7. Who was Melkizede when she was growing up in Mesopotamia?

8. Who in Israel was it that made a law-abiding duty?

9-10. Who will be the malariaant during Jesus' visit to the kingdom?

22 PIGRA ZONTUA

As soon as malaria catches people In the future, we no longer need malaria. How does learning about this kind of mad person help one to build a house for the Lord? Let's take a look at it.

Jehovah made us known that there are all things that are in this world that are in this world and that he likes us.

11 herbalists believe that God exists and that he wants his people to take the peaceful stamps. It is out there that the behavior of those who have come to an end has caused us to feel even more confused and want to dedicate our lives to him. What he wants is for him; he does things that make him happy, he has the precious house to live every day. (2 p.m. 5:18) And Jehovah knows that it is possible for us to be on our side. She has a whole pile of books, so she can't keep it from him. How does he know about this?

11. How does the existence of God matter to him?

12 Jesus is also pleased to have fellowship with the Lord. The Constitution says that the King of Manaa is the King of Manaa. He is precious to God. (1 y) 2:1; read Hebrew 7:25.) What did Jesus usually say about his father? She may decide how to use them, her appearance, her thoughts may be different from that of others. He may or may not know the answer at all, at least for the sake of his works, and for the sake of his praise. Jesus knows who he is; it is also necessary to ask for his forgiveness. He also knows how to do things better. pound

12. Why is it that the gods of the tortoises are to the star of the Most High God in Jesus' name? (Hebrew 7:25) (See picture.)

From the beginning Jesus looked at us intently, he was thinking about something else. He continued to look forward to his contribution. By God's grace he has been granted permission; by God's law, by means of law. (See chart 12 below.)

believes that while Jesus is coming to know the meaning of God, he is listening. As a result, he is bound to succeed. (Yes 86:5) In spite of the fact, Jesus was chosen by God to appear in court.

13 herbal illness has made us realize that he wants to talk to her. (Read Hebrew 4:16.) Because he is good-looking, he is kind to the one who is good to the poor. He is fond of listening to music. When we pray to God, it shows that we believe in him. At times, it may be difficult to tell what God likes. It is difficult for us to know how to ask God. (Adam 8:26) And in spite of that, he always listens to us, understands and helps us. The higher we climb, the greater our love of money That's why it's no use trying to tell him what's wrong.

14 Jehovah designed the mammaladama to make it possible for him to live forever. Eze. 33.11) At first, they used to make mourning for the people of Yendi. Then she can't get rid of them all. (Heb. 7:19) When Jesus went through the bread-oven, his people understood that they were looking for some strawberry which was quite common. Because Jesus died for us, he is very patient with us. Jesus' death will cause everyone who worships God to experience sorrow. How glad we were that his plan is to make it possible for us to live forever!—No. 4:10

15 selected people by the name of God and taught them how to love others. As soon as Jesus was born, the motorists had to believe that he had died. (Flp. 2:8; Lil. 2:10) That will let everyone know if they have the truth about Jesus. We believe that in the name of God, we will be able to do anything about this forever. They'll paint the fences of Adam and Eve. Jesus is the only one who has ever seen anything like this. For Jesus' people who are taking care of the world, many things can be done to the extent that people are happy in this world. It's exactly what he used to like. 22:1,2.

16 Asamoah is the last person in line. (Clause Hebrew 4:15.) Hello, is it time to go to bed? Jesus was a man of noble birth. (ions 4:6) Who was it that hungry or thirsty? Jesus almost got water from the water. (Mt. 4:2; yon 19:28; Is it all that people do about witchcraft or about sleepless nights? That was enough for Jesus. Jesus. 5:6; June 5:20) Who else is dead? When Jesus was born on earth, his friend Lazarus was dead, and Joseph died just as Joseph was. So, it is vital that Jesus the High Priest understands what he is going to do. Due to her circumstances, she was met with a smile.

174,000 people in the malaria region will do a lot of work for us. They will help Jesus to make people clean. they are aware of who this is and who it is who it is who it is that is.

13th. Why is it that Jesus is appointed by God to be the High Priest and the High Priest so helpful to us? (Hebrew 4:16)

14. How does God make known how he wants people to live?

15. How did God choose the people who are ordinary people that he likes?

16. At what point does Hebrew 4:15 mean Jesus is the Most High Priest?

17. Why is it so important for the motorists to have sympathy and help us?

24 PIGRA ZONTUA

By the way They know how dangerous it is. No one was as bad as he used to be. Dozens of these 14000 people have access to it? They planted trees in various parts of the garden. They're not in the world again for a period of time. No matter what happens, the 144,000 people will understand.

18 Ton learned the gospel about God and made it known that, He loves us very much and also understands what it sounds like. Satan is making such a racket all the time and doesn't like God. (Lil. 12:10) This story ensures that we can prove that she is married to Jehovah, because she is a friend of a friend and is happy to do things. Who knows this, that's why it's happening? A quarrel starts when we realize that he is very fond of God and that he is happy to forgive us. That just made him more like me.

19 times, it was difficult for us to accuse ourselves of our bad habits and we couldn’t do anything to please our God. Our dreams help us to know that he understands us. He knows it's a tough job. (Yes 103:14) He does not look at our wrongs and abuses in his own right. He knows how to do it, and it will rain as soon as he can. To be honest about our mistakes, we need to remember that “when we witness these things, we have to believe that, indeed, God knows all things. ”— 1 yo. 3:20

20 Just as we learn, God organized the creation of a new system of things to bless. He really wants to have the same room. Because of the bad weather, we are separated from each other. This is the reason why he made such a custom, that's how he can guide you. In fact, we want to do what he says at 4:16 p.m. It said; "Be careful, don't be afraid to come here at any place that belongs to God." Not long afterwards, he sought help, and his confidence will come to our aid.”

18. How did we learn about Jehovah in this experience and how much did it cost?

19. How long does he keep thinking he can't do anything he is happy?

20. (a) Why are we happy to make arrangement with God? (b) How can I make a difference in how I am happy?

Who'll compensate for it?

Why did he make such a bad habit?

How did thebabu communicate about Islam?

How did the matriculation help him to qualify for the ovulation?

16 June

Praise Yah for His Son, the Aniinted (instruction to Yah La Ewea A Dayua)

MOVEMBER 30-DECEMBER 6, 2026

Let it happen! Let it happen!

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Can we learn some things that will help us not to think or do things that will not please God?

Don't let people who don't give thanks to God

“The top of the world is everything. Let's go. Let's go. From where does it come from? 1 YO 2:16.

STANA is one of the biggest pictures in the world. (Yon 14:30; 1 yon. 5:19) The Bible says that Santana is angry with Christmas. (Lil. 12:12, 13, 17) That didn't mean that the station was always in trouble. Truly, the Bible doesn't say any difference between a male or a female goat and a female. Asamoah has a whole pile of old bottles stuck in his back. (Lil. 12:9. Titana has deceived people into thinking the way he thinks. Most people think it's unintelligible for them. ( count 1 John 2:15, 16) Even if most people don't agree with Santana, they can express their dissatisfaction. The councillor said that he had seen what he wanted. ”—2 Tim. 2:26

2 Many people used to think and act the way people in this world do. And to know who is teaching people how to do it like that, how did it help? We changed our lives and went to Baabule.

1. How does Satan deceive people today? (1 y) 2:15, 16) (a) How do people who love and love Jehovah, and how much do those who do not? (b) Why is it necessary for us to keep a good eye on ourselves?

26

It's not difficult to fulfil what Sitana wants (see also literacy)

The teacher said "it doesn't matter to you who doesn't believe in his existence." (Titut 2:11, 12) It's getting all the way through to teach Babule that, she doesn't care how powerful she is; she no matter how powerful she is. This shows that he rejected Satan and that he is trying to help us. (Yes 4:7, 8) All of us can be glad that the Lord is pleased with our efforts to reject Satan's view of himself!

It's important for us to pay attention to music. In some cases, they may come to the fore in the way of the people of this world. There have been a lot of problems with some of the brethren. (Ep. 6:11; Flip. 3:18) In this article, we will discuss some things that will help us so that the situation is difficult to solve. At first, let's get a look at 'the world's way of thinking and doing something'— 1 Ko. 2:12.

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN THE BEGINING OF ETA

4 How do those who don't congratulate on their work? They're always thinking of the girl. They also don't have the honor of teaching them how to practice. For example, many people don't think the washing of our hands is dangerous. They're yours who doesn't believe in Jesus.. 4:4

5 The Bible says that, the earth is being explained by God. (Lil. 12:9 How does he always do that? The worker Paul used to add gynaecological symbols to his mother-in-law.

4. How do some praise and praise him for what he has done?

5. Why should we compare the world's perceptions of us with theirs? (Epesus 2:1, 2) (See picture..)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

Rest in peace. He used the world's highest number of ideas to mean "hundreds." (Readops 2:1, 2) There's always something to do. His sickness can catch the person who breathes air. That's enough for people in this world to think so. We'll know about that in order to get to know who the real world is. Try to memorize as much as you can.

DO WHAT THE LIVING AREA

6 The Bible says that in the last days, people would also "stea off their noses, smiles at people" and 'squeesses'. 2 Tim. 3:1 yesterday, people say they have a bad idea today. For example, before a news report, people have resorted to violence. In many cases, the sisters engage in heavy communication with their children. All his young children are baffled by technology. (Ep. 5:3, 4) As people do their work closely with the will of God.

7 To be a Christian, we have to be very careful when talking to someone or something writing to them. (Yes 1:26, 27) To check a tomemaa, we might ask a tomina: 'engaging in anger, I often whisper to people I don't know I'm a patient of the Lord.' Do people usually talk to me about mobs? I often speak with a nasal inflection.

homeowners? What would they say to me?'

What should we do if we find out that people don't say thanks to God? It is important to pay attention to important matters Jesus used to say. He sang: "Something that comes from the mouth of a person comes from his heart; these are the gallows." (Mt. 15:18) As Jesus said, emphasis is placed on teaching people good word for themselves. That’s why the Bible speaks of the rainbow, rainbow, and rainbow. (Ep. 4:31) To know that he has these things, ask Yaweh for help so that he can have 'the young man'. (Clause 3:8-10.) She glanced through the pages to see if it was all right. He’s determined not to let people praise him for what they are doing. [Ep. 4:29

Use YALUMTUmateS

Yesterday, people saw that it was not necessary for them to worship the god Baal. Many people think bedtime, bedtime or bedtime are the best. They also think that sickness can affect a woman and not cause her problem. Jesus. 5:20) If we don't look at tomatoes well, we'll begin to think that they don't feel that way. (2 p.m. 11:3) Even though it may be possible to believe that people who don't share the views of God are prejudiced against them How true!

8. To know oneself how to worship God, we need to do it. (colloquially 3:8-10)

9. How do people who don't share his theory with Jehovah?

6. Today, how do people make fun of you?

7. Who's it going to be that way?

28 PIGRA ZONTUA

The teaching of God is better than the teaching of human beings and always exists. [Isa. 48.17, 18; 55:9.

10 people who love and love God have to get married. (Yes 97:10) Therefore, he might ask a question to himself: 'I'm thinking about how proud I am of God's theory that I shouldn't be of any use. My favorite sport is where I learn to laugh. I want his theory change according to what I want.

11 How can we do it if we love what is happening to God? Don't ever think that he'll be able to use his knowledge of God to work. Memorize it so that it won't fail. It's a mistake at all times. (Yes 51:5; 103:14) He can try to do something interesting and “something [he] wants." (Ep. 2:3. In other words, one can be mentally unstable. If he has a bad idea, do away with what you're talking about. (Pin. 39:9, 12. Think again of how bad this could be done with the sins of brothers and sisters. He fell in love with her and made her happy. (Ep. 5:5. Also, the Lord will help us to put an end to this bad habit.

Protect HOME Internet Explorer

12 Dozens of people use the internet during the lockdown. Many of the things we see on the Internet are those people who don't like and like the theory of God. For example, there are many sad things on the internet that almost all the old people do. Some young teenagers use video games to give to each other. In other words, there are many things in the internet that are not true that can make one think. People use photos to put videotapes in social media. Whenever we see things in the social media, we may want to do that in the same way that we are happy. If we do that, we will not be able to make progress in our studies any more. Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 It is important to watch the video on the internet and avoid using it as a medium or medium. That way, we can ask ourselves: 'I spend a lot of time watching TV and I don't know what I'm looking for?' (Ep. 5:15, 16) 'What things am I looking at? Do I always do things at a loose time? (Yes KDE37] 'I always respond to whatever information I receive or to have a look at 'mag. 14:15

How can we maintain a safe environment in the internet? Don't spend too much time surfing the internet. It's not nice for Christ to look up to things that aren't appropriate. Again, parents should take good care of their children so that they do not spend any rest in social media. (Ep. 6:4) They've made sure that the young people who spend their time in social media are really living.

10. Who's it that way to ask the question?

11. How can we achieve it if we love the things that Jehovah has made possible?

12. What's the real purpose of social media?

13th. Can we ask the question to what kind of window should we use in the internet?

14. How can we maintain a safe environment in the internet?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

They're the only ones who had a good idea. And those who don't have the guts are happy. If he accepts that Babule does business, it can help him to maintain a good hygiene on the internet.

WHO will succeed!

15 If he finds out what the people who don't worship him do, see how he can maintain his peace. Let's take a look at Gloria's problem. She learned the truth in her youth and she was interested in having money. He sang: "I want to be rich. Because of that, I spent a lot of time studying and I didn't want to be called a native speaker of the class. After that, Gloria realized that people who don't worship him broke his heart. What did she sing? He said: "I have been busy learning about Babule, have stopped caring for people who don't even know how to thank Jehovah. Now I'm not feeling very well. I'm happy to have been teaching me how to buy this world."

Some names have been changed

15. What did they learn about Gloria? (See picture.)

16 Do you mind if Robert looks at it? In case of a problem

16. What did they learn about Robert?

How can we prevent the spread of Satan's control? (See also Literacy section 15)

30 PIGRA ZONTUA

For example, when he was young on the internet, his dream of becoming a rock star. Because of that, she used to smoke; was adamant. He said: "I used to think that I could do whatever I wanted." After that, Robert realized that he was not feeling well in the world and that he was suffering. No, I didn't. 2:19] What did she sing? Robert says: "Now, I've come to love people who love God. As I tell my lawyer and my counsellors that even though I am right, I still make some errors." Now, how do you look? He says: "I take every day advantage of my new life. That just makes me happy.

17 To learn what on earth is this dream? He realized that it was necessary for us to take a closer look at modern technology and people who did not please God in their minds. That explains why we shouldn't talk nonsense, aside from using magic and looking at insects and using the internet. It is difficult for me to resist the urge to believe in God. And he knows that Jehovah will help. (Read 1 John 4:4.) Yes, he will be in a position to fight the bad enemies. (Luce 11:13) Let's let all of us relax our hearts so that we can 'send' the breath so that it can touch our heart' and stop in the activities of this world! 5:16

17. Why is she so lucky that she can solve this world? (1 yon 4:4)

DO WHAT THE WAY BEGAN IN THE BEGINING AREER OF THE LIVING AREE OF THE LIVING AREA OF THE LIVING AREA:

Can you speak?

How much do you pay for that?

How do we use the Internet?

12th year

Ever Loyal (itself)

BARBER/CIRCUMCISER

September 2026 147, No. 10 FRAFRA

There's something about it.

There are a number of cases of November 2 and 2, respectively.

Have faith that God will protect you.

There is a hearing on November 9-15 p.

How can we have a say in the past?

There is a recording of the report of 16-22 p. 14 p.m.

To spread the gospel to all people

There is a hearing on November 23-29.

It is through God that the malaria parasite is made known to exist as having a beautiful scent.

There is a hearing on November 30–December 6–26.

Don't let people who don't give thanks to God

Baabule is very popular.

Let Sebuo Te Krista de Yaa [a] aha [a] aha [a] aha

3:15 p.m. . . . . . . . . . What is the “sense of peace” with Christ? It's a must that one should be kind to be a Christian. This made it known that the Lord had affection for his son Jesus.—Yon 14:23, 27.

Paul advised the older men to have peace with Christ. How much did she cost? The Greek word that Paul spoke about was like a referree who talks about football because no one could change. That made it known that like a quote, we need to make sure that Christa was really there to help us make a good decision in life.

For example, if you have a problem with your brother, you need to make some friends. Christa was a kind person. That will help us to know how we can be calm, as we are next to the aunty. If we can do that, there must be some time limit on what we want to do. That will teach us to look “in peace with Christ” and protect the heart. 3:12-14.

This book isn't sellable. People from the ages of made up their minds to help the teaching of the Bible throughout the world. If you want to find something to help, someone visited donate.v.org.

All the Baabule editions are from the Yendi paper—the French language for the NWT, which is from the New World translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. Je48/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to uv.org's various online business or the cash register.

J.ORG ®

w26.09-FF