GeoffreyE 2026

BUNA-SESSERE OF THEDOS OF ADOS ADAFI

FORSection: RUST 10SEPTES 6226

RUST 10-16, 2026

July 122 Mother's Standing Stand, Stand Up!

What we need to do to remain faithful to the Lord no matter what problems we come from.

How Can We keep our loyalty when we are facing challenges?

Lord, whom are we going to? You have the words of life. YOH. 6:68.

COBIT, Jesus was teaching some of his disciples during pregnancy. When he taught them to a certain extent, he told them: "If you go to the flesh of the Son of man and you don't hear his blood, you don't get life in your body. Everyone who eats the night and drinks my blood has a lose life, and we rob him on the last day. (Cort. 6:53, 54) Most of his students were disinterested in what he said. They said: This is a hard word; who can listen to it? 6:60.

2 The disciples who didn't like what Jesus said stopped following him. Did they have no faith in him? In the day before this day, Jesus held a surprise and his disciples were so surprised that they said: "This is really the Prophet coming into the world." (Cort. 6:14) This means that they have accepted Jesus. But when Jesus said something they didn't understand, they stopped following him.

3 But the reaction of Jesus' apostles was different. When Jesus asked them if they wanted to stop following him, Peter replied: "Lord,

1-2. On a day when Jesus was teaching in sleep, what happened?

3. How did the apostles of Jesus react to his words? And why did they do that? (Check also image.)

2

Most of Jesus's disciples stopped following him, but Peter and the other apostles did not (See paragraph 3)

Who are we going to? You have the words of life. Today, we believe and also know that you are the Holy person from God. (Cort. 6:68, 69) He was able to make it impossible for Peter and the other apostles to understand what Jesus meant when he said they should eat his body and understand his blood. Nevertheless, they did not stop following him. Why? Because they strongly believed that, Jesus is the Christ, the one God sent him. Ordinary 9:20, 35.

We encounter certain situations that require us to prove our allegiance to God or not to him. One of the situations is that when the organization of Jehovah has changed the way we understand a scripture or the way we preach it. Another is that, when a bad thing has happened to us, we do not understand why God allowed it to happen to us. Also, when a person we love so much, it doesn't hurt us or when we feel like a person we respect so much, it doesn't hurt us well.

5 When we are facing challenging circumstances, what will help us to remain faithful to God is, and we have a lot to believe in him. For example, when we are building in a area where there is a risk of earthquakes in the area, we should stay together to build a foundation properly. Similarly, when we are facing challenging situations such as what we mentioned in the four paragraph, unless we strongly believe in God before we can remain faithful to him. Therefore, let us continue to do things that will make us believe in God so that we can continue to serve him no matter what happens." 15:58; read Colossians 1:23.

What helped the Jesus apostles to continue following him when his disciples stopped.

4. What are some of the challenges we can encounter that will help us to prove our loyalty to God?

5. Why should we continue to do things that will make us believe in God more? Explain an example. (Thursday 1:23)

6. What helped the apostles to continue following him?

GeoffreyE 2026

3

How much is his assistant? They ate three true stories yesterday. All these are, Jehovah is responsible for the worship of him, because he has created all things. Second, Jesus is the Son of God, and that he is the sayings of eternal life. Finally, Jehovah is really supporting Jesus. We have learned some things about him that can help us to remain faithful to God when facing challenging circumstances. Some of these are: (1) All things are created by the Lord. (2) The words of the Lord in the Bible. (3) Jehovah's Witnesses are today active users. If we trust this fact with all our heart, then whatever we are going to do, we will continue to be faithful to God.

DISIPTION OF THE SYSTEMPTION

7 Reading Section 4:11. This scripture shows that, Jehovah is the creator of all things. This is one important reason we should worship it. When we measure how influential it is, it strengthens our belief that it can help us even in a difficult situation. However, Satan has spread lies that would make people think that God exists to them all over the world. Some scientists have even said that it is not a person who created the world. If we do not believe in it with all our heart that because of the Lord who created all that he loved us, when we are facing a difficult situation, it is very easy for us to think that God exists and that he will help us. 11:6.

8 If you start to feel like the Lord who created all things, you should react quickly. Find out more research in the web series to see why you can believe in God's goodness. Information on the Was Life Create? and The Origin of LifeFive Questions Worth Asking morning can make you very confident that the Creator of all things has created you. Other issues that will make you believe in God's goodness.

7. What do the provisions 4:11 show to us? But what can happen when we are facing a difficult situation?

8-9. If you start to feel a bit as Jehovah and everything is doing, what should you do? (See also the picture.)

Maybe, Did you read Was Life Create? You haven't ever told it, but ideally read it again (See article 8)

Nebula: IACRIDavid Malin Images; scish and car: Mercedes-Benz USA; dry: Kristen BartlettUniversity of Florida

All have articles and videos titled Is There someone Who Made It? on the schema.org. "When I read The Origin of Life Week, it's very clear to me that all of the things are being done," said student Jessica in the United States. I had already known this, but when I was thinking about the story in that car, I was very skeptical that someone had created things. Another book that many people benefited after reading was, Is There a Creator Who Cares About You? Probably you have ever read these articles and books, but if possible, read it again.

9 This week when conducting a personal study you can learn about the information that will help you believe in God. Doing so will help you to believe in him as well as will help you know him better. (Rom. 1:20) Also, you can use the lessons you learn to help other people with a bad mind about whether God exists. The overall objective of this information we have discussed is: By means of his creation, God has made it clear that he is.

ARTICLE OF THEDOS OF THE INROS

10 Reading 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. In the Bible, God made the record written to humans. The Bible helps us to answer some important questions. The questions include: How do trees, animals, and people come to life? Why are we in life? And what does God want us to do? We believe that the Bible comes from God. For this reason, it is the most important document in our life. If we read a story in the Bible, we need to understand what we have read and use it.

10. Why is the Bible the most important document in our life? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

How do we know that the wording of the Bible is? For a number of reasons. Here are some. The historical context is true. (Articles 3:1, 2) There is also the authenticity of what he has spoken about the creation. (Article 267) Regardless of how Satan tries to destroy the Bible, it is still more translated into many languages than any other document, and more printing than any other document. The books in the Bible were written by about 40 different men, which took about 1,600 years to complete. Nonetheless, neither of his documents were against him. Although the Bible is very old, its recommendations are very old, and it is helping millions of people today. (April 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) A number of Bible predictions have been fulfilled, which is another reason why we can believe in the information contained therein. (Yos. 23:14) For these and other reasons, we honestly believe that, the words of God in the Bible!

12 When our minds begin to flow apart as the words of God in the Bible, what should we do? We should pray and say to God how we feel and ask him to help us. Then, we need to investigate. Here is what a young man named Jordan who was raised in the diocese said: I, when someone tells me something, I don't believe it immediately, regardless of who the person is. Before I have anything to eat, I want to make sure that it is true. In fact, sometimes when I read something or heard something about the Bible, I am skeptical about it. When it happens like that, I am searching in the organization.

11. What causes us to know that the Bible contains God's words?

12. When we begin to feel like the words of God in the Bible, what should we do?

GeoffreyE 2026

5

The love and unity among us are the wonders of which God has done (See paragraph 16)

The documents are so that I can concentrate. Continuing to consider why we believe in God's words in the Bible will strengthen our faith. 3:12, 13.

INTTION OF Jehovah's Witnesses AND INUSIPTION

13 If we start to think that Jehovah's Witnesses are the ones that they are using today, we should react quickly. For example, we can ask ourselves such questions as: Do you try to use what the Bible communicates? Who makes sure all the things they believe on the Bible? (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) How do you do the will of God today? 7:20, 21.

14 God wants everyone to hear the good news before this bad world is destroyed. So, we can ask ourselves, 'If you preach the good news today?' (Mat. 24:14 It is clear that, through Jehovah's Witnesses, this is accomplished. The good news about the Kingdom of God is shared by the only Jehovah's Witnesses in over 240 countries. I have done this job for over 100 years. The ministry of service, of course, is the most important task of ours. 28:19, 20.

15 Reading Isaiah 43:10 and Matthew 6:9. We are called Jehovah's Witnesses, and it is a great privilege to bear the name of God on us. Today, most people do not know that the name of God is Jehovah. But we worked hard to translate the Bible into many languages, and we have named the name of God wherever it should come out. The name of God appears more than 7,000 times in the New World Translation of the Holy See.

16 Reading John 13:34, 35. Today, many people disagree and hate each other. But we are very different, Jehovah's people

13. If we start to think that Jehovah's Witnesses are the ones that they are using today, what should we do?

14. How is it through the hands of Jehovah's Witnesses to make the prophecy of Matthew 24:14 possible?

15. How do Jehovah's Witnesses promote the image of God? (Article 43:10; Matthew 6:9)

16. What shows that Jehovah's Witnesses are following the order of John 13:34, 35? (See also the picture.)

6 BUU-Lon

Overtly. We love one another and there is unity among ourselves. We live in different countries and get into different environments, but we still struggle to preserve peace among ourselves, and we love ourselves. For example, are you driving, and so have you ever asked to go to a meeting somewhere else? If so, it is clear that you notice that there is unity among the brothers and that they love each other no matter where they are. This clearly shows that, Jehovah is working with his people today to make his dream come true. If we keep in mind that Jehovah is with us, then we will be able to remain faithful to him no matter what circumstances we are going to do.

CACOSDOS DEDOSOS

17 since we are in the last days, we will face challenges. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) And maybe there are other things that will make us anxious. For example, the organization can offer some guidelines that we may not understand well. Or a brother can do something to upset us. We may not know how to resolve these concerns, or may we still not understand why the organization provided some guidelines.

18 although this information can put us in trouble, we can continue to be faithful to God. Why? Because we know that he is the creator of all things, his words in the Bible, and that, Jehovah's Witnesses are his people. Therefore, the way Peter told Jesus, we can also say to Him: "Who shall we go? You have the words of life.

1718. What challenges can we face in life? But what can we say with certainty?

What Will I Borrow On Page 6: A Mother and a young daughter ride on a bus. They were happy because they saw some of the brothers spreading.

WHAT DO THEDOS OF THEDOPTIONS AND AND IN THIS INIPTION?

What is Jehovah's responsibility for all things?

RAIN God's words in the Bible

Jehovah's Witnesses are the ones that are being used by God today.

July 123

Get Up to Privacy Guide

RUST 17-23, 2026

How to Treat Our Brothers regularly

Take great compassion and kindness and kindness and patience. KOL. 3:12.

SYSTE 904 Advoo Advocacy

What will we learn about what will help us to maintain a friendship with our brothers no matter what happens.

Where we come to Satans world, we will face challenges. God has given us friends who will encourage us. These lyrics are contained in the other albums of the organization titled 'Goodfathers'. No doubt you too see it. It is a great blessing to be able to have good friends amongst God's people! (Article 119:63) We are part of a family that serves the loving Lord.

We want to make friends with our siblings so that we become friends, rather than just coming to know them. We are part of a family that loves the Lord and Jesus, and this brings us together. (Cort. 13:35) But it's not just a night that we become the closest friends. Instead, we try to do things that make us friends better. But because we are not perfect, we sometimes face problems that could damage our friendship.

3 In fact, we like to have more contact with some siblings than with other siblings. Why? Because maybe the things we love they also enjoy or act like us. But there are some brothers that make it hard for us to make friends with them. Why? Sometimes we don't agree with them on some issues, which makes it hard for us to get in touch with them. The reactions to our dress and actions may vary. So when we meet with them, we can laugh with them well. Also, when a sibling is our best friend, or something that causes a serious illness, it can affect our friendship. Jesus faced such challenges, but he was able to make friends with people.

1. Where can we find good friends? 2. How would we want to make friends with our siblings? 3. Why is it not easy to make friends with the siblings?

8

cut. In this lesson, we will consider how to follow Jesus and also make friends with our brothers no matter what problems we encounter. But first, we are going to think about the qualities we have that will make us associate with our brothers.

ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTIONS

If we focus on our brothers' virtues, we will be able to make a good relationship with them. One way we can achieve our good morals is by connecting with them. The Angel Paul did this very well; he was very disappointed with the brothers. He said in a letter to the Thessalonicas: "We do our best to see your face." (1Process. 2:17) Many brothers have found that the best way to make a friendship is to communicate with one another face to face. We can communicate with brothers in the face-to-face, when we went to meetings, regional meetings, and when we went to district meetings. But if there is any conflict between us and a person, it is not only the issue we will communicate with him that will make the problem worse.

5 If there is a conflict between friends, unless they show good morals before their friendship can last. (Read Colossians 3:12.) Having such qualities as compassion, kindness, intolerance, and tolerance will help us to work together to maintain our friendships. For example, the way an engine email is used to improve the efficiency of the software, so if we have good qualities, it will maintain relationships with our siblings regardless of any problems. where we arrived,

We will consider three factors that can destroy our relationships with our siblings. As we consider each of the things, we are going to look at how it will help to maintain peace with our brothers.

If you employ an ACAPA ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

How can it affect your friendship? When two people disagree on a subject, each one usually feels that his or her opinion is right. Imagine, two brothers disagreed on how they should work in their territory. Each of them feels that his opinion is better than the other person's. In such a case, it is easy for them to disagree on this minor subject to become a big issue and may even damage their friendship. They may focus on how each of them feels his opinion is correct, instead of beating their friendship with one another. If they don't discuss the matter to make a consensus on it, they can't be bound by it. And they will slowly cease to associate with one another, and their friendship will end. All of this is due to a minor case that is not needed to disagree on it.

7 Learn Jesus' humbleness. Jesus explained to his disciples that, if they are submissive, they would be able to resolve it even if they disagree on a matter. What caused Jesus to tell their true story? His disciples argued for the biggest among them, which went on several occasions. It is a matter of concern to the people. No

4. How can we maintain a good relationship with our brothers?

5. If there is a conflict between us and a friend, what can help us to maintain friendships? Use an example to determine. (Thursday 3:12)

6. If you don't agree with a friend about a case, how can it affect your friendship?

7. How did Jesus convince his disciples that if they were to humble them, then if they didn't agree on a matter, they could resolve it?

EightE 2026 9

If you are humble, you will not be innocent, and you will also forgive others (See article 8)

Therefore, in order for Jesus to help them change their view, he told them that each one should see the other as superior to him. (Mat. 20:25-28) Jesus and his statements show them how to submit themselves. On the night before the murder of Jesus the night, he did something he was very submissive. He washed the feet of his disciples. This is something that a servant usually does, and he did that for his students, for example, set a humble example. (Cort. 13:3-5, 12-16) And what he did he taught his students how to make friendships. He told them that, they saw others as superior to them, they would be even easier to accept the opinions of others. Also, it will also preserve the friendship between them.

8 How can you preserve your relationships with others? If you are slow, it is easy to ignore trivial information and also to contact others. (Read Colossians 3:13.) Also, you will be humble, you will not be bound by anyone's disagreements on issues, and you will be able to preserve your friendship with them. (Song 4:4) Ké talk to one another just as inappropriate, remember, we all talk things and later regret having said it. (Jaj. 7:21, 222 Ask yourself, Do I find out if my case is more important than our friendship and I will not know? You may simply accept the other person's opinion. If you decide to remove the matter from your mind and not to lift it, it will make you laugh.

A humble person will also help you to resolve the issue. Don't try to make sure you're right. (Read April 17:9; 1 Kor. 6:7) In this case, do things that will make you happy. One thing many brothers do is, they go to their friend who has a problem with him, and they talk to him with a calm heart. The purpose of doing so is to preserve their friendship. (Article 34:14) Kenny goes to a friend for you to get rid of, you can say: I don't want our friendship to deteriorate. please,

8. How can your disagreement with a friend on a subject help you to preserve your friendship? (Vietnamese 3:13) (See also the photographs.)

9. How can submissions help you to resolve the issue? (April 17:9)

10 BUU-Lon

We can talk about the issue? Do your mind to tell him what you did for the wrong. Let's know, you know, that what has happened has greatly affected him, and then plead with him. If your brother also apologizes to you, forgive and forgive him. (Articles 17:3, 4) Keep in mind that they do not come to the attention of your brother to determine who is right and who is wrong, instead, in order to persuade you to continue to make friends.April 18:24.

AND ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

10 How can it damage your friendship? If you don't feel like a brother's reaction is different, it might be hard to become friends and your friend will stay even. Perhaps he behaves in an uninterested way. It is possible to see how it communicates to us that he has something. Why does he react that way? Some time ago it may have passed through bad conditions or where it was raised, people were less likely to talk to or to be more likely to have a chat session. It also happens that the reason for the joy of his actions is that he is different from you. Probably you want to be close to people, but he is very shy or very shy, but he wants to be close to you.

11 Study Jesus' patience. He was very close to people who were different from him. For example, at one time, the apostles James and John asked Jesus to keep them sitting on his right hand and on his left side in the Kingdom. What they did shows they wanted people to see as big people. (Mar. 10:35-37) But Jesus is not. He humbles himself and leaves his high position above and his significant role in the environment and comes to earth. (Fip. 2:58) It is clear that the way Jesus reacted was different from James and John's reaction! Nevertheless, Jesus was very patient with James and John and others.

12 Jesus did not expect his friends to always be fair. He knew that it was not only James and John who wanted to be seen as great men. Most of his students also hold that view. (Mar. 9:34) Both Jesus and his disciples were raised in the same generation. During their inception, the religious leaders urged the people to look for a place to make people disrespectful. Therefore, Jesus understood how his students reacted. For this reason, he was patient with them, and he knew that it would take some time to change their ways of thinking and dress, because they have kept that idea for many years. 10:42-45.

13 How can you preserve your relationships with others? Try to develop a good heart for the brothers who are not happy with their actions. (Section 14:29) is different from each other, and it is usually not a mistake; that is how we make it. Therefore, when people are patient with us even though they are different from us, we are very grateful. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) It is also important to acknowledge that people are integral, and to maintain people according to their nature. For example, when you are in conversation with a very shy person, don't forget how hard he has been to be able to communicate with you, so be patient with him. Similarly, when you are very shy, talk to someone who wants to get close to your contacts, don't worry, try to get ready for him. In fact, we cannot make a friendship with each other, but we must remember that, the brothers who are different from each other can work together.

10. What can make it hard for you to associate with a sibling and keep your friendship safe?

11. What enabled Jesus to have a close friendship with people who were different from him?

12. Why did Jesus show up for his friends?

13. How can having a friendship with someone who is different from theirs help you to maintain your friendship? (Colgory 4:2)

EightE 2026 11

Good friends show compassion and kindness to each other (See article 19)

14 Tolerance will enable us to focus on the good qualities of our brothers. If we do, it is very easy to make friends with our brothers even when they are different. For example, James and John cut down on them alone, and they sought to secure a high position, but what they did shows they believed that the Kingdom of God would be established. Jesus recognized this and appreciated their faith. When we put our minds on the virtues of our brothers, it means, we are imitating Jesus and his Father, Lord.

15 Most importantly, we can pray for the help of God to continue to make friends with people who are different from us. Take the initiative to consider the circumstances that can cause your brother to become offended in the fire, and pray for the help of God to keep your heart calm when you are in contact with any of these situations. Remember that Jehovah, our Creator, knows that we are different. Therefore, if you pray, believe that Jehovah knows you very well and will give you the support you need so that you can stay patient. And if you feel overwhelmed by feeling overwhelmed to tell you that you will be patient, ask God to give you the holy spirit so that you can keep your heart calm. Let's go. 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.

14. What will we do to keep our mind off? 15. Who can we ask for help to ensure that we continue to associate with those that are different from us?

When THE ADOAPAPTION OF ADOPTIONS AND ADOPTIONS

16 How can it affect your friendship? If a friend is infected with a disease or is troubled, it can cause him or her to say or do something that would upset you. For example, he might become tired, or he may not be offended, or he may do some things that will make you feel better. Also, he may say or do something that will affect you very much. (Earth 6:2, 3) Because you may not know the circumstances it describes, you might expect him to behave in a certain way, and he may not.

17 Learn how Jesus is better and how he felt about people. It's Jesus that he is feeling too much about the people he is suffering; he knows or she does not know them. For example, let's take a look at how he treated a blind man named Bartimeo. After learning that Jesus was going through the battle, Barmeo began to cry out loud for the attention of Jesus. Some of the followers of Jesus told him to stop screaming. But because he wanted to make Jesus heal, he started to cry even harder. Did his reaction upset some people? Potential. But Jesus was too sympathetic, expressing his strong desire for help.

16. When a friend is infected with a disease or is worried, what effect can it cause? 17. What do we learn from the way Jesus treated Bartime?

12 BUU-Lon

(Mat. 20:34; Mar. 10:46-52) Jesus spoke to her calmly, and praised her for her belief in him, then Jesus took surprise; she opened the eyes of Bartimeo.

18 How can you preserve your relationships with others? Be alert to them and wash you around them. These qualities will help you to console or harass the sick brothers. (Read 1 Palestinians 5:14.) Remember, a good friend is ready to help her friends at all times, especially when they are in need of 'crincies.' (Septe 1:17) Good Friend is sympathetic to people facing problems. But he didn't do whatever he could to console, inspire, and do things to help them.

19 What are some things we do that mean we are not feeling well? Of course, you will not be able to eliminate any disease or vulnerability by a sibling, but you can take part in his or her life, and see how she feels and what she describes. (Mat. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) Tell if it tells you what it means, listen to it very well and say something to comfort him. (Septe 12:25) Be careful not to conclude quickly. (Septe:13) try to keep your heart calm, keep in mind that, he can say something or do something that he would not have done. 4:32.

20 We have good friends in the organization and we don't really care about them. But we all are not perfect, and some of us have gone through things in life. This is why we sometimes say or do something that upsets people. But when our siblings humble themselves, they patiently give us, feel for us, and continue to associate with us, we feel happier. It happens that we, too, will try to make one another good friends.

20. Which friend would you like to be?

Section 10: The idea of an elderly brother is different from that of how they should plan for the territory of your congregation, in reference to a younger brother's view of it. The two were later walking in church and enjoying themselves.

18. How should you treat fellow people who are afflicted with or anxious about diseases? (1Romans 5:14)

19. What can we do to ensure that we are healthy and compassionate? (See also photographs.)

How best do you feel about yourself when it comes to cooking? . .

Why not agree on a matter?

How do you react to the way you act?

Are you feeling ill or anxious?

TwiS 124 True!

RUST 24-30, 2026

July 65

Go Before You!

WHAT IS NOT learned

We will learn how we benefit from the club.

How Your Party Can Help You

I am glad to praise God with all my heart at the gathering of the right people. . . internal. LALA 111:1.

Remember when you were admitted to the park? No doubt, you were very happy because you joined a crowd and many of its members who praised the name of the Lord. (Article 148:1, 2, 12, 13) But not limited to, you were included in a group of low members with some of the brothers in the congregation. This group is called a media group. Our church team helps us to carry out the work Jesus has assigned us to preach the good news about the Kingdom.Mat. 24:14.

2 How do you see the organization's plans to create a team? "The organization established by the organization has helped me in many ways," said a sister named Wendy. For example, it has helped me to know and teach better. Also, my creativity will help me to stay close to God, and I also have many good friends. "It's a great opportunity to serve as a team manager," said Rich. Some brothers have the privilege of equipping someone with baptism. But as a team manager, I have a great chance of helping that person strengthen his friendship with God and was able to serve him even despite his absence. Kyei Dinah also said: "I am so happy I am in a group of field publishers! I see my neighbours as my family.

3 in this study, we are going to look at the role of the team manager and the sponsor, and how they help the members of their team. Then we are going to look at what each of us in the group can do to help his brother. Closure

* Names have been changed.

1-2. How do some of the brothers find out the organization's plans to create a club?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

14

Very recently, we are going to see how we can benefit from this project.

ADOPTION AND ADOPTION

4 The presiding director is a senior executive appointed by the board of directors to help members of a society strengthen their friendship with God and to preach and teach effectively. How does he do it? First, it communicates a lot to each other's team. (Septe 27:23) The team manager tries to get to know his team members well and frequently talks to know how things are going in their lives. Because of this, he is able to help his team members strengthen their faith in God. Also, when they are suffering from or are troubled, it communicates to them that their mind is focused and that it also does some other things to help them. (Septe 12:25; Yes. 32:2; Yak. 2:15-17) Second, it helps each publisher to better engage in the presentation process. She actively participates in the ministry, especially at the end of the week. Also, it takes each member to preach and encourage them, and helps them to preach and teach better. When a situation is under development and therefore unable to attend, it ensures that the party is organized by the sponsor or other baptized sibling who sets the good example. Third, training for newly baptized brothers to take responsibility for them. (1 Tim. 3:1) He intentionally withheld them for the good qualities they have, and

The need for a ministerial officer can be extended to a certain organization if necessary. When a ministerial officer manages a coronavirus company, he is called a council minister, because he has not become an executive in the organization. Instead, he serves at the behest of the elders.

4. (a) What role does a management officer play? (b) How does it help the members of its group? (See box office parent, Executives for Group Executives.)

Recommendations For Group Managers

• Don't delay a meeting for the club after a long period of time, for the publishers to start the campaign immediately.

• Take all the members of your school to preach, including those for some good reason. You can also arrange to take such people for another day or night.

• You have to always wash your school members to help them. You can arrange time for any member of your school to be inspired by the scriptures at his home, the Kingdom Hall, or any other place. You can also call them or write them to do so.

• Train brothers to be able to work closely with them and to have roles in the organization.

• Even if you need to come to the club with another team or team for a presentation, try to stay there and organize your school.

It is from the Bible that they are advised, and it helps them to meet the standards that can lead them to serve as ministerial officers or administrators. The role of the team manager is very important. For this reason, when the board of directors is in the process of selecting a committee, it should be responsible for the well-being of the senior executives.

Of course, there are a number of factors that can be offered.

5. What factors can make it challenging for a team to manage its team?

EightE 2026 15

It is hard for a team to manage its team properly. Here are some examples of experiences. Jörg, who is based in Germany, is a group manager and, at the same time, carries out other functions in the organization. He said: "It's not easy for you to serve as a member and at the same time take other steps in the organization. Due to this, I cannot get in touch with all my team members. Also, Anna, a 70-year-old elder in Uganda, said: We have few elders and ministerial officers in our town. As a result, the number of coronavirus groups is very high. For this reason, it is very hard for me to go with each other and encourage them as well. "I like to raise up people," also said Adan, who is based in Suriname. But it takes both my time and energy. Also, if you are training someone, it is a very long time to produce a productive fruit. For this reason, I don't call people training, because other projects take my time. What can help the team management who is facing these or other similar challenges?

An administrator can train a ministerial officer in his or her village. For example, it can help him to take the lead in the meeting for the presentation (See article 7)

It's their desire, that is, to help their people. That's, to make their association with God and also to be able to withstand their challenges.

If possible, only a few should be allowed to stay in the coronavirus category, thus allowing the team management to be able to know the full number of members of their groups and to help them strengthen their friendship with the Lord. But in some congregations, there is a shortage of the elders, so how can leaders keep few in the group? If the leaders increase the number of coronavirus members, it will be very hard for the team to give time to all their members. Therefore, they can use the club to hire ministers to run some of the clubs. This will enable the team management to play an important role.

6. How can a few stay in the coronavirus industry?

7If you serve as a team manager in a very small-scale organization, raise your team support and support your team members. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Let him do some things in the team to help you. For example, from time to time you can make a conference to prepare for the presentation and help attendees to participate in the campaign. It is also important to pray with him and think about how you can support each member and be able to spread well and also make a friendship with him. When you visit and encourage the team, add the supportee to you. Before visiting your school for a month, discuss what each of you would do to encourage the person you visit. Moving to-

7. If you serve as a team manager in a relatively small-scale organization, what should you do to help you train your entire team? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also the picture.)

16 CUU-Lon

Just tell the person what he has done well, and there is something he can do better for him another time. Then he can raise a helper to you in this way, in the future he can also serve as a team manager. (2 Tim. 2:2 Also, you can also give the support of other members of your school to those who are strong in the faith. For example, you can offer pioneers and experienced siblings in your school to help new and experienced people. They can help them start a conversation, create a smile, or develop a Bible lesson. At the scene, let's take a look at three steps that each of us can take to help our group.

What can you do to strengthen your spirituality?

8 In collaboration with your witness group. When you take your team members to the field, you will have an opportunity to encourage them, and they will also give you the opportunity to encourage you. (Read Romans 1:12.) When you go to the field with your team members, you are not afraid to talk to people and feel safe even when you are spreading in some places in your territory. If you work for your business, it is hard for you to connect with your team to communicate, you can ask your boss to change some of the dates you are working for. He may accept it for you. (Neh. 2:4-6) When you are infected with disease or disability, you cannot communicate with your team members. It may arrange for you to hold a meeting for the presentation, and also arrange for you to chat through a letter or a mobile phone. If you are a young person with good health, but who are you yet to associate with your partner? What can you do? You can arrange for a week to go to church with one of your members. You may need to examine yourself to see what you are most important in your life and how you can spend your time better than you are now. (Rom. 12:11; Colony. 4:5) If you do all you can to communicate with your team members regularly, you will all benefit. Praying to be helped by God. It can also make you want to be helpful to your team and also give you the strength to do so. 2:13.

Do things that will make your team feel like a family. Going for a hosting tour will create a sense of belonging to the team. (Read Romans 12:13.) How do we show that we have picked up the hospitality process? For example, we can convince the team to meet in our house for a presentation. In some congregations, the different clubs organize and celebrate with the foreigners who come to the public. When it comes to a team that they will engage with the guest, they meet to eat and encourage each other even when the guest cannot join them. A special pioneer named Sarah said: "Ké invited people to visit my apartment to celebrate together, I am scared. Therefore, I haven't done anything, instead I try to communicate with the siblings to know them well. When we do things that make our team feel like we are the one family, it makes the team members of Jehovah and his team become our closest friends. 8:10; apostles. 20:35.

10 Do things that will help you to know and teach better. If we preach and teach well, it instills in us a sense of satisfaction that we would want.

8. How can we help our group? (Porst 1:12)

9. What can you do to ensure that your team members feel like you are a member of a single family? (Porst 12:13)

10. What can we do to preach and teach effectively? (Septe 1:5; 27:17) (See also the image.)

EightE 2026 17

If the number of people in the coronavirus team is small, it helps them to know each other better and to work together.

(Section 10)

With the team members, we preached together. Is there anything you can do to control and teach? Ask someone in your school for help. (Read April 1:5; 27:17.) For example, you can notify your school leader about any of the aspects of the presentation you may want to take a good job. It will do all it can to help you. Or you can also ask your school for some kind of money from the ministry to help you. Absolutely, a sister named Heather did. Although he is very shy, he needs help. He said: "I am going to talk to a regular pioneer and help me do it. This mother loves and is kind to me, and she plans to have a latrine with me. It has even helped me to start a Bible study with one of the people I have never spoken to. I am glad to have asked for help, because, now, I am doing the ministry with joy. It is clear that each of us has something to do to help the group.

How TO ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

11 Your wedding team can help you to have a good relationship with God. Here are some of the ways our church helps us. For example, the team manager can help those who are not committed and may need a great deal of assistance. Among them are widows, orphans, and old. (1Process. 2:8; Yak. 1:27) Also, we are trained in the team so that we can preach and teach effectively. The newly baptized brothers in the team who are exemplary are trained to be assigned positions in the organization. Tim. 3:10.

12 Here is how Wendy, mentioned earlier, benefited from his cell club. He said; "My father is against us because of the truth, and so my mom can't usually come together with him to preach to the football club at the end of the week. But because of me, my father gave me away, I am going. An older sister who is a pioneer made a relationship with me to play. I was trained to preach and teach well, and also to participate in church activities. I remember my team manager from the Bible to advice me well, and I have used his advice to this day.

13 Your team gives you friends who care about how to help you. Because we work together with the team members in the field, it gives us good friends. (Fip. 1:27) Because of correlation of coronavirus

1112. How can your team help you to have a good relationship with God? Give an example of this.

13. How do we join the group in building friends who love us and help us? (Chack photo on the cover also.)

18 BUU-Lon

Because of the small number of children, it helps the team members who don't like speaking or feeling more better to have friends. (2 Kor. 6:13) The members of the team help us when we are weak, anxious or anxious, and sorrowful about the death of a loved one. (1Process. 5:14) Also, as the great tribulation approaches now, it is very important to have friends. (Mat. 6:21) Because we know our brothers love us, and that, they will help us, we are going to suffer with problems, we are able to cope.September 17:17.

14 Your village team helps to solve your problems. The disease can catch us in an emergency and we need help. Viral diseases or natural disasters can unexpectedly occur in the area. Also, the government can help us to preserve our culture and things can be very difficult. But in the same situation, our church support us. For example, the Assembly Service Committee cooperates with the committee management and plans to declare a disaster will help the needy brothers. In the event of an accident, the team management looks for everyone in their area, and looks at whether things like chemicals, food, water, shelter, and clothes are needed for them to arrange for them. Indeed, our church is very helpful to us!

15 Jehovah's worship is very high. In green, the number of faithful apostles in the area is high; the number of thousands is high. And on the earth, the number of Jehovah's servants is now over nine million, and this number is still rising. (Zak. 8:23; Episode. 5:11) All of the Jehovah's people in the white and landed areas are united to declare the good news of the Kingdom of God. (Provincial. 14:6, 7) Also, they joined together to praise the Lord, their God. Therefore, let us work together as team members as we can. Why? Because we preach the association helps us in many ways, especially to be able to praise God, our God. Music 111:1.

14. How do we manage the club to help us in the challenging times?

15. What are all the churches of the Lord to do?

WHAT THE CEO is taking place in front of the Ministry of Education: two sisters in the same field are going to preach.

How will you become an expert in the decision?

What do group managers and sponsors do to help those in their respective teams?

What can we do to help our team?

How can our church support us?

PART 61 Witnesses, Go On Your!

RUST 31SEPTEMS 6, 2026

ARTICLE 89 Listen, Above, To Be Blessed

We will be grateful why we need to pay close attention when attending meetings and other meetings, and how to do so.

Hearly Listen to the Lord

"You need a lot of alcohol to listen to. LEKA 8:18.

In the present day, Jehovah gives us all that will help us to be able to study the Bible fully. Therefore, we agree with David on a statement he made. He said: He is the overseer who takes care of me. I won't need anything. Read Song 23:1, 2, 5.

2 where we are taught by the Lord is at the meetings of the council. When we go to the meeting, we always hear what we have learned. Even if we don't get enough sleep in the truth, these memories are very important to us. (2 Pet. 1:12) But when you go to a meeting to hear something you have learned, does it make it hard for you to listen better? If so, this study will help you to be able to listen to your language properly during meetings. We will know why it is important to listen carefully when we go to a meeting. Also, we are going to see what the teachers need to do to keep people in touch. Then, we will see some things that will help us to listen better than we do now. But for the first time, we will answer the following question: Who exactly teaches us at the meetings?

ARTICLE FOR ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

3 Through the Bible, the Lord communicates to us. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) This is known to Jesus. He taught the word of God to the extent that his audience asked: "How did this man know this verse, when they did not study at all? (Cort. 7:15) The humble people who wanted to learn about the Lord were satisfied when they heard Jesus preach the word of God. The Christians who lived during the reign of Jesus' apostles learn how to do it.

1-2. (a) What does Jehovah do to be able to study the Bible fully? (Article 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this study?

3. What is Jehovah's way of communicating with us? How do they use the Bible when teaching?

20

Jesus taught him. Among them are Pau-lo and Rome. When teaching, they usually call to help their listeners see what the Lord wants them to do. (Bef. 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) We know that the information in our documents, the videos, and the documents we preserve for the words are from the Bible. When people who are not Witnesses come to our meetings, they are usually surprised at how hard we use the Bible. The people at the meeting use the Bible for teaching. They just read it, instead they bend it so that the audience can understand it, and see how to use it.Leaks 24:32.

If you are informed by someone to do something, unless you listen to it well before you can do what it tells you. Similarly, unless we are able to listen to God closely during meetings before we can do what he tells us to do. If we listen carefully and apply what we learn, it will be interesting to us.Section 27:11.

How can WE CAREMENT IN THE CAREMENT?

We are very stubborn at meetings because we love God. (Mat. 22:37 If we learn very well about God, it strengthens our love for him. This love makes us willing to listen to his Speech, apply what he teaches us, and worship him in the way he wants us to worship.Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

We are very stubborn at the meetings of the community because we love people. (Mat. 22:39) When we go to meetings, we know how to help our brothers.

Things You Can Do to Listen to Better

Some of the brothers who have been serving the Lord for many years were asked, "What helps you to be able to listen to a conversation when you go to a meeting?" Here are the answers they gave:

• Suefawn, who was baptized in 1986, commented, When I go to the meeting, I am going to the front of the meeting, focusing on the speaker, and when making a video, I focus on it.

• David, who was baptized in 1983, said, I frequently go to help me keep my mind off. I remember, I came to worship God, so if I listen very well and also give a reply, then your counsel is.

• Nicolas, who was baptized in 1982, said, I have made it my goal to thank everyone who has had an event at the meeting, and I'm going to tell him what I've enjoyed on his show.

• Augustin, who was baptized in 1988, said, I tell myself, if the faithful slave makes a new study, then it is our only thing that we need at that time.

and those not yet known to him. For example, love peopleMake their disciples helps us to have good morals that will help us in the ministry. Do you find it hard to talk to people about how to get married? If so, when your body is performing well in the middle of the week, listen carefully.

4. Why is it very important to keep a hearing during meetings?

5. What does love of God lead us to do? (John 4:23, 4) 1 John 5:3)

6. When we go to meetings, how are we taught how to help others?

EightE 2026 21

We are listening very well during meetings because we want to be happy now and live forever. Just as Jehovah said to his servants living in the past, we want to enjoy life and live forever, we should obey him. (5 Mo. 32:44-47) Ké goes to the meeting of the council to listen to the matter closely, we are comforting and happy how we can cope with the challenging circumstances and wait for the new world to come. (Rom. 8:25) We are in the last days, so it is very important to obey and do more in his service. 24:42-44; Exit. 1:3.

INTTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

8 From time to time, the male teachers at the meetings should pay attention to how to teach. And the main ones that they need to do is the one that gives rise to power. These brothers had their time preparing and teaching from the Bible, which would help non- Witnesses to learn important Bible teachings. Also, that will allow your siblings to understand the Bible's truths and continue to use what they learn in their life. Keep your mind open while you are going to a meeting. If you have a meeting, let's keep in mind that what you are doing will help others in the way that your mind may not have been able to do. Therefore, you take the initiatives during meetings, the following suggestions can help you communicate better. Although the recommendations are mainly applicable to the public, they can be of benefit to everyone who gets an event during meetings.2 Tim. 4:2; Tito 1:9.

7. Why is it so important to keep listening to God?

8. Why should teachers in the diocese be concerned about how to teach?

Try to see the points in your statement as well as improve your audience's understanding. If you don't know the language, you have to make it easier for your audience to understand what you mean and follow it. Understanding the goals you are talking about will help your audience to listen better. What can you do to ensure your audience understands your language? At the beginning of your speech, let your audience see your points. (2) Talk on the points one, and talk about a goal, you can pause a moment so your audience can see you talk about something different. (3) Stop your statement, stretch the main points of tea.

10 Study your language very well to relax your goals. If you welcome a message you will like to tell people, and your audience will see that. (Septe 2:4, 5; Angels. 4:20) Therefore, pay close attention to the information and scriptures in your speech to make you feel better about the points in it. A brother in the United States over 70 years is still reminiscent of a speech given to him when he was a teenager. He said; "I still remember that the speaker encouraged us to read the Bible, we took a good look at it. It teaches us how to do so, and how he said it made me feel like he was talking about it. That language changed my life; it helps me to know how to improve my culture and make me very friendly to God.

11 Measure what will be helpful to your audience and advise them on how to use what you mean. Add the information

9. What can you do to make it easier for your audience to understand your language?

10. Why should you carefully study your language to relax your goals?

11. What should you do to help your audience find out how to use what you mean? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 BUU-Lon

Floods, instead use the scriptures to encourage your audience to help them see how to use what the Bible communicates in their lives. For example, while Timothy was working hard at serving his siblings in ancient Jerusalem, the apostles Paul wrote to him, detailing the specific things he should do to keep his friendship with God alive. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16) So think about what will actually help your audience and help them know what to do to be able to use the goals you have made.

12 if you don't get around, give the statement more often as if you were standing in front of your audience to make it appear like talking to your audience. Note your words detail and read them, instead communicate with your listeners, making it easier for them to listen carefully and understand. Take your mind to read and teach to us on this. He said: "You talk like you talk when discussing, and talk in a way that will let your listeners know that you believe what you are saying and think about them. Talking as you are talking when discussing, will get your audience to listen better, you can take your points and you will like to use them in life.

13 Ask a qualified brother for advice and advice. For example, before giving a speech, take your notes to the brother and try to use the advice he would advise you to make the statement more productive. Also, ask him to listen and let's finish your dreams so that when you go to talk, you won't make him better than you gave him. (Septe 1:5) We are not always finding that what we say isn't clear to our audience. Therefore, the brother can teach you how to make future decisions so your listeners can make it easier for them to understand and implement their goals. We should do things that will help us teach better so that we can help people understand and apply Bible truths better. *

* If you check your mind on reading and teaching with your teacher for the benefit of the Private Ministry of Education, you will find other suggestions to improve your teaching skills.

12. When you talk, why is it good to speak as you talk when discussing the issue?

13. Why is it good to ask a capable brother and speech to help you? (See also the picture.)

Ask a qualified brother for advice to help you communicate better (See paragraph 13)

23

Don't let your child or your kaobleti distract you from the study (See paragraph 17)

How to Look at a young person.

14 If we are to remember that the reminder of the significance of God is important, we will be able to listen to the matter carefully at meetings. It is important for us to cope with the challenges we face in this very difficult times. (2 Tim. 3:1) Therefore, even when we are learning the lessons that we have already learned so often, we behave as did the author of the 119th of Song 119 on God's memories.Read Song 119:24, 111, 167.

15 It is very important to continue to see the things we are taught in our meetings as a gift from God. We learn something about what happened to the Israeli people when they walked through the desert where they were given treatment by God. (2Me. 16:15, Their individual identity was certain that when they were given a handover by God, they were very excited. They saw him come from him, take him, and let them continue to live. But in time some of them became lazy because they didn't want to eat the same food every day. (4 Mo. 21:5) What do we learn from it? Today, some of the lessons we learn in wedus are things we have learned before many times. But we should not see these memories as irrelevant as the Israels did in the custody. Instead, we have to see them as a gift from God. It should be in our minds that the faithful slave thinks clearly before a study is made during meetings. Furthermore, we should note that, the future of our children studying in church will be able to make good decisions and live indefinitely.September 3:13, 16-18; John. 17:3.

16 If we comply with the recommendations of this paragraph and the following, it can lead to a positive hearing. What has helped some brothers who have been serving the Lord for many years to continue to have a good hearing at the meetings? A mother-in-law named Ashley has served Jehovah for over 30 years. He said: " Studying what is going on before I am going to the meeting helps me to listen better. But when I go and go, it is very hard for me to answer, and my mind is focused. Joseph served the Lord.

14. Why should we act as the author of the 119th century did? (Song 119:24, 111, 167)

15. What will help us to continue to see the lessons we have been taught in our meetings as important?

16. What has helped some brothers who have been serving the Lord for many years to continue to have a good hearing at the meetings? (See also the Something You Can Do to Drink Audience.)

24 BUBI-Lon

5 years. He said: "If a discussion is made during a meeting, I am happy because this gives me some more points on that matter and my mind has not kept it up, and that makes me understand it better." Then he added: "If you don't know how to communicate, I don't turn my mind away from the way it communicates, instead focus on what it communicates, because it's from the Bible, meaning that it is from God."

17 Here are some of the other things you can do to be able to listen to. Let's take a long time to attend a meeting to alert us. (2) Try to reach an early age and find a place to sit before it starts. (3) You will not blame or your tablets for not disrupting you or people's attention from the meeting. (4) Consider what points the speaker may be talking about. (5) Focus on the speaker. (6)recording the goals, or drawing the main points of palm wine. (7) Meditate on reading scriptures, and think about how they help you understand the article. (8) Ask yourself, 'how can I use these scriptures to help someone in the organization or in the field?' (9) Prior to the launch of smaller conferences and conferences, review the program and read the topic of the day, the topics of the comments to be submitted, and the scriptures on each of the languages, or those on questions to be entered into the given comments. (10) sit quietly to listen to the music that will be played or watch the music videos that will be taken, so that you may fix your heart and mind for the meeting.

You will continue your life today

18 We should continue to pay close attention to a case when attending a meeting, because that will lead our lives in the ways of justice. (Article 23:3; 31:3) What things Jehovah teaches us when we go to the meeting helps us to continue doing what is right. Therefore, pay attention to how you listen, and use what you hear during meetings. (Article 8:18) Those Listening to the Lord will be happy now, and in the future they will have eternal life.Song 119:2, 14.

17. What other things can you do to be able to listen to? (See also the picture.)

18. Why should we keep on hearing at meetings?

How will you become an expert in the decision?

Why should we listen to it carefully during meetings?

What can the brothers who teach when attending the meeting be able to ensure that their audience can be able to listen to the matter properly?

What can you do to keep your mind open?

July 87

Come! You will have a New Health

EXPTION OF THE OPTION

I served the Lord in Cuba for almost 70 years.

POPTION OF THE CAPTION OF GUSTAVOPHP

MY 1947 was born in Cuba which is a beautiful island located at the intersection of the Caribbean Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean. We were born three, along with two sisters. I am an adult. We lived in a village called Esmeralda with our five-year-old parents.

I remember how nice and safe the village environment is. Some of our relatives, including our grandparents, grandparents, and grandparents, were so close to us. Every day we have a lot of food and money to sustain ourselves, and this brought us great joy.

When I was about 5 years old, a brother named Walton Jones and my parents began to study the Bible with their parents. She is very brave and walking about ten hours to our village to go. Every time it happens, many of my relatives come together in the event of the house and talk to them about the Bible for hours. My parents, my uncle Pedro and my aunt were happy with what they were learning, and they soon got baptized and became Jehovah's Witnesses. Currently, Ema is nearly 100 years old and she continues to serve as a pioneer in Cuba.

During that time, the government did not oppose Jehovah's Witnesses, and therefore they distributed and attended meetings without anyone trampling on them. People in Cuba are very aware of the Jehovah's Witnesses because we go to their homes. At any time, we carry the books we put in to the organization. That season, we are walking so fast! I feel so happy when I recall how we served God during those difficult times when I was too young. But we soon came across with a "hard time".2 Tim. 4:2.

CEOS BUBA

That same year when I was still nearly five years old, my father and uncle travelled to another meeting place in Cuba. Sadly, the water they drink there made them very sick. I remember, when they broke back, all the head of my uncle was mentioned, but he was later recovered. My father was dead, he was only 32 years old.

After my father died, my mother decided to keep our family and brother in a village called Lombillo. This made us leave our family, including our loved ones. But we continue to serve God as a family.

On 26 August 1957, I was baptized in a lake near Lombillo. I was ten years old. It is not two years that all things changed for the Jehovah's Witnesses in Cuba. In 1959

26 BUBI-Lon

the ruling government was discontinued and communist rule took over.

The new government was trying to secure more troops and to strengthen its governance. This made things very difficult for us because, regardless of our country, we do not participate in the military or politics. For this reason, the brothers were not happy to go to church and also to meet together to worship God as they had before. The government later suspended our work and imprisoned hundreds of loyal siblings. The district leaders mobilize some of our brothers who don't afford to feed them. Sometimes even the food that is being brought to them, we know that the Bible says we should not eat blood.

Despite all these challenges, we went on to meet together to worship God. (Defense. 10:25) Some times we even held meetings in cats or elsewhere in town. I remember, one of the brothers gave us a large house to make the meeting there. We cannot fix the toilet or even eliminate the toilets. Therefore, we kept all the hearings in the meeting.I did 2:12.

Some brothers worked hard to help us learn from the Bible and were very grateful. For example, they deliberately broadcast regional conferences to tapes and distributed them to the brothers throughout the country of Cuba. At times, only two brothers were allowed to attend all the meetings and not to watch the comments they gave. Because these brothers do not like these words in private, we sometimes hear the sound of the chicken and some other noises in their words. If there is no chalk in the meeting place, a brother was asked to sit on the couch with a battery sticker, and when he was just sitting in our village, we got a doctor. That allows us to play the marbles and hear the words we drink. Although we do not have sufficient freedom or documentation like our brothers in other countries, we received what we need in order to strengthen our friendship with God. And together we shall serve and enjoy the happiness of God.Neh. 8:10.

ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOS

At the age of 18, I began serving as a regular pioneer in the state of Florida. About a year later, I was assigned to serve as a special pioneer in the town of Camagüey Prefecture. There I met Emilia, a charming sister witness from Santiago de Cuba. We started to walk, and in about a year we got married.

A.A. Royal Ministry of Education for eldersCamamagwey, Cuba, 1966

B. Date of our wedding, 1967

A

B

Abomble de Distributor EMOR PIADOSO 1994

D

E

D. I was working on the district administration, in 1990 to 2000. The first district council meeting took place during the lifting of the ban on us

The government has many companies where sugar is manufactured. I got a job in some of these industries, requiring a full-time job. Therefore, both I and Emilia are no longer able to serve as negotiators; still, we want to do as much as we can in the service to God. So I applied for a job from 3:00 am to 11 am at the office. I was not really interested in politics, but that was what I did that allowed me to go and I could attend regular meetings with Emilia.

In 1969, we would give birth to our adopted son. Soon after, the organization offered to serve as district manager. At that time in Cuba, one can be assigned to serve as district officer while raising children. During my years as district minister, we weren't busy, but we were also very happy. I felt that, it was a big opportunity for us to serve our brothers in that way. While we served as district-president, we gave birth to our son, Hilda, and years later, we also gave birth to our daughter, Mahely.

When I look at the time we do our part in the district, I see how much help I have been given to you in Cuba, and this gives me a sense of satisfaction. Jehovah helped us also educate our children to love him. Let me tell you what the situation is when I and Emilia serve as district manager and wife.

ITION IN THE CARE OF CARE AND AND THE PASION OF THE PAS OF THE PAS OF THE PUT

During the lockdown, it was very hard for the brothers to attend and present. They proclaimed the Kingdoms, the foreign ministers were deported from the country, many young mothers were arrested and imprisoned, and the industrial office in Havana was closed.

Since our work has been blocked, we are only able to visit the congregations on Mondays and Sundays. This is how we went; when we visit a crowd Monday and Sunday, we will re-go there again next week. When we go on the road, we don't take things to chance, and we usually walk around, because this will not make people think about us. Also, when we go to visit a crowd, we are not notified. We need to act as if we came to love our family. This is very hard to do for us. The way we live with them as a family sometimes lets us forget, even though we came to love them. (Mar. 10:29, 30) Nevertheless, let us be very careful. Usually, the police follows us and tomorrow tomorrow.

28 BUU-Lon

E

F

G

E. Emilia in the Sewing Department is located at the Cuban branch

F.Sunge Meets a Hall of Congress, 2012

G. Bible School For Christian Wedding Partners, 2013

Issues. If what we are doing was found, the brothers we live in could have been arrested.Rom. 16:4.

During this time, we met with different siblings who were very nice to us even though they had little. For example, some areas where we went, we went to jail, but the brothers gave us the only mosquito nets they had to help us sleep better. Some brothers also were interested in keeping them in their houses, although they had few food to eat with us. Because we know this, we sometimes take our own food and eat it with it.

When we go to visit a congregation, we cannot go with all our children. For this reason, we go with the little boy and leave the rest of the family to one of my mother and sister. Indeed, because we have a child, it also protects us in certain things. For example, the police sometimes broke our shops, but we kept the books of the congregation in a bag containing dirty material from the child because we know that the police will not examine them.

I am very grateful for how he helped me care for the children and how he helped me in the full-time ministry. I also went on to work in the woodlands and at the same time, I was able to carry out the district administration workshop. This is how I did; sometimes I continue to work even when it is discontinued to work at the end of the week, which I do for the second time in the week. But later my career was changed. I was given a position to run the business, and I needed to go on business all the days in the week, and there wasn't anything I could do for it. But I came to see that when you put my business to work with my workmates on the weekend, they would do my job and give me time to call the crowd. This prompted me to visit the crowd, and I didn't think my boss noticed that they had worked on the weekend.

When I became a CEO, I decided to make my dream today.

One day in 1994, the leading brothers in Cuba called us, up to 80 travellers, a special meeting in Havana. When we all got together, we were excited because in the past years, we were all coming together! During this meeting, some changes made by the organization were discussed. Then, a speech was made that shocked us so much. The presiding officers told us that, they would like to give their names to the police. Why?

EightE 2026 29

Cuban Board of Directors, 2013

The brothers sensitized us that, they were talking to the police to ensure that the officers would be treating the Jehovah's Witnesses well. For this reason, the police says they want the name of all district leaders. We all agreed to hand over our roads. The police will later treat us well.

Lastly, although the names of Jehovah's Witnesses had not been signed into law, we were allowed to meet and hold congregation meetings and also to be able to go and work. We later learned that, some of the leaders were arrested by the police but they wanted to confirm their existence.

In September 1994, the government allowed us to open an office again. Lastly, we were able to recreate our business again with the same company that was bought from us 20 years ago.

Then, in 1996, I and Emilia were stabbed and told to serve at Bethel. I am very surprised to say to the brothers, I have two children I care about. The brothers discussed the matter and later told me that they still wanted to serve at our place of residence. We accepted and started to plan to all of us to serve at Bethel in Havana.

In fact, at first I didn't enjoy Bethel service at all because, I had been doing the transport business for many years and so I was very patient. I am very worried about the brothers because I know what they mean to sit at the office, I can't afford to give them the right help. But very much, my wife Emilia helped me change my mind. I gradually got excited, and now, I am serving at church with joy.

Both I and Emilia are now older. We are very happy to have had so many brothers together that we have been serving God in all these years. We also feel so happy to see our children as a whole serving Him. We feel like the angel John heard of him when he was old. He said: I am not happy and even greater: Im to hear my children go on to be honest in the truth. 3 John 4.

I have served with Emilia at least 30 years of age. Now, although we are suffering from diseases, we are trying to do our assigned work as our life will allow us. We had challenges in our years with our Lord, but we so pleased that we were able to serve the happy God for almost 70 years" on this island of Cuba!1 Tim. 1:11; Song 97:1.

We married our daughter and husband at a district meeting.

30 CUBI-Lon

INTO People Are Rung Up

Of what two treaties did Paul refer at 4:24?

The GOPO Paul spoke of the relationship between Abraham and Sara, with Abraham and Bethlehem. He then said: These things can be taken as a gesture of pride; because these women represent two treaties. (Gal. 4:22-24) In the past, we understood that the Constitutional Convention and the new treaty were two treaties in question by Paul. But after we have reheared these words, we are now finding out that we should go through it in a different way. It seems likely that Paul was referring to the Constitutional Treaty and the agreement between God and Abraham, rather than the Constitution treaty and the new treaty. Here are the reasons Paul made these two treaties. *

The legal agreement was held at Mount Sinai in 1513 BCE. Paul said that this legal agreement is being represented by Wycliffe. (2Me. 19:5, 6; Gal. 4:25) Jews were not perfect, so they could not comply strictly with the Law. The law made them realize that they were sinful, and that is one reason for it. Another reason the Constitution was that it would help the Jews to recognize it when the Messiah came. The Messiah was a full human being, and he was the only one able to uphold the Constitution precisely. When the Messiah sacrificed his life, it opened the way for imperfect humans to be free from sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) After the operation of God's purpose, the Treaty of Law concluded.Rom. 10:4.

Paul compared Samson to Sara, the 'non-slave' who also gave birth 'in accordance with promise'. (Gal. 4:23) The proposed promise is the covenant between God and Abraham. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) At Genesis 22:18, this convention was negotiated by the Lord. He said; Your [the Abrahamic offspring] shall all nations inherit the land to each other, because you have listened to my voice.

The covenant between God and Abraham provided further insights into the promises of God in Eden's garden. (1 Mo. 3:15) He pointed out that, the predicted arrival of the "seed" would be the offspring of Abraham. Paul explained that, Jesus is the seed that was predicted to come. But the text states that those who are 'the Christ', the 33rd anointed people who will reign with Jesus in his Kingdom, are also partly this offspring. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Episode. 14:1-3) When the promise of Abraham is fulfilled, all those who believed in Jesus and obey him will receive many blessings.

What did Paul want to show to this 'host' event? He said that, if the Jews at the time insisted on continuing to observe the Law, they would continue to become slaves such as Eden. But if they buy the Jesus Christ, Abraham's 'seed', they take office, they will be equal to Sara. Indeed, they will be completely free from sin and death. (Cort. 8:32-34) But if they do not believe in Jesus, it would mean they do not understand the reason for the passage of the Constitutional Convention, because it was made to guide them to Christ.

Most of the Christians in Galatia who Paul wrote to them were non-Jews, and were thus not subject to the Constitution. But some Jewish members of the congregation insisted that non-Jews should adhere to the Law, including the circumcision bill. Paul said that it is pointless to do so, because once they gained their faith in Christ, they became independent of the Constitution and were no longer slaves to the Constitution.Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

* This case is being brought to light on the March 15, 2006, Protection of the Year. 10-12 replacement.

EightE 2026 31

BUNA-SESSERE OF THEDOS OF ADOS ADAFI

June 2026 Vol. 147, No. 6 GA

BUNBI-SESSIONS

Article for 10-16 2

What Can We Do to Keep our loyalty to the country?

Article for August 17-23 8

How to Treat Our Brothers regularly

Article for 24-30 14

How Your Party Can Help You

Article for 31September 6 20

Hearly Listen to the Lord

EXPTION 26

I served the Lord in Cuba for almost 70 years.

Ask Out Of Your Commerce 31

This form has not been sold. It is part of a global Bible education initiative supported by voluntary donations. If you want to make a donation, please attendww.four.org.

Unsigned texts are from the Holy See.

The Sip (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2022 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J3484, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

ADOPTION OF you

People's neighbourhoods

Some of Jesus's disciples were fishermen. (Mar. 1:16-20) they hid in the Sea of Galilee.

How are they done during Jesus' time? Files obtained from facs trees are usually shown to make rallies. If a hunter wants to have a small fish, he or she will use the tiny number of vans. But when he is looking for the latrines, he will use the palm fronds. It is often applied to the tiny areas of the fish that make sure that the waste is poured into the water. When it is poured into the water, it can flow under the water and grow fruits. But the number of big fish farmers are drawn into the water to plant the fish. The gloves are put under heavy pressure so that he can go under the water, and things are put in his mouth to keep going all the way below the water.

People are valued in the market, requiring them to be well-established from loss. Why? Because the stones in the waters can shake them up. Also, when a large number of fish is killed, they can lose weight. (Article 5:6) The Bible states that James and John were "developed". (Mat. 4:21) The fishermen usually make their leaves on arrival when they come from fishing. Luke also said that the fishermen do not vote for their goods. (Articles 5:2) When fishermen wash their fields, they try not to destroy them.Eze. 47:10.

Jesus invited some men who went to the fish to become men.

visit the brain.org website, or this symbol

JW.ORG ®

w26.06-GA