DogARY 2026

Broughten

EXECTYPE BY ADAFI

THE TUUUULIC OF 2026 IS OF THE OF:

Those who know that they need God are happy.MAT. 5:3.

RIGS FORS FORS: MARCH 2APERN 5, 2022

MARCH 2-8, 2026

July 97

Saling the Word of God to life

WHAT IS NOT learned

We have come to know what we need to do to continue eating foods that the Lord has prepared for us, we have dressed in the dress he has made for us, and we have stayed in his village.

Show that, You know You Need God

THE TUUUULIC OF 2026 IS OF THE OF:

Those who know that they need God are happy.MAT. 5:3.

The Lord's knowledge is that, all human beings need to have food to eat, have a dress and have a safe place to eat. Even if we don't get one of these things, our life will be very sad, and if it isn't good, we lose our lives. But Jehovah knows that there is also something we need, that is, he himself. (Read Matthew 5:3.) If we want to be happy in life, we have to realize that we need God and that we trust him to guide us.

2 The Greek word translated as 'people who know that they need God' can also be translated as, 'people who come to the spirit.' Imagine, you are walking around the road and see a man who has died or whose clothes are covered in his dresses and he is covered with soap and sat in a rain. His whole power is now dehydrated because he is fully hungry, and as he did, no one wants to come close to him. Also, it is raining and raining, it sits on, because it doesn't have any place to go. In such a case, someone knows that, failure to help is done away with it does not end up. The same applies to a person who is coming to the spirit or someone who knows that God needs him. That person knows that, if God doesn't help him, he has finished his life. Therefore, he does everything he can to benefit from God's goodness to his fans.

1. What things do the Lord know we need? (Article 5:3)

2. What does it mean to know that God needs him? Explain an example.

2

The Greek woman was humble, disappointed, and implied that she believed in Jesus (See paragraph 5)

3 In this study, we will discuss a woman of popes who begged for help from Jesus, and we will see that, what three qualities have revealed that all those who want to be betrayed by Him should be able to learn. We will also discuss Peter, Paul, and King David. All three men prove that they need God and we will look at what we can learn from them.

ADOPTION FOR ADOPTION FOR ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTIONS

On one occasion, Jesus came to Jesus a woman who was quite depressed by demon. (Mat. 15:21-28) Hekoto Jesus and begged for help. Of what outstanding characteristics did this woman show? And how can we learn from it?

5 First of all shows that she is very submissive. Why do we say that? When he begged for help from Jesus, Jesus told him: "They shouldn't take the children in the past and throw the dogs away. If anyone Jesus had told him that, he would have been angry and he would have gone away. But this woman didn't do that, because she was humble. Also, the woman of Judah did not disappoint; she continued to plead with Jesus to help her. What motivated him to do that? He did that, because he had strong faith that Jesus could help him. Indeed, when Jesus saw how strong this woman's faith was, he was very patient, and he decided to help her. Therefore, although "no one of Jesus was sent, except for the lost sheep of the house of Israel," he mercyed this non-Israeli woman and commanded the demon from her daughter.

6 If God really needs us, and we want him to guide us, then we must learn to avoid adultery. As this woman humbles herself and continues to plead with Jesus to help her, so we must also submit and continue to plead with God to help us. Just as the woman shows that her faith is strong, so does the woman.

3. Whom will we consider in this lesson?

4. Why did a Jewish woman come to Jesus?

5. Of what outstanding characteristics was the woman of Judah? And what prompted Jesus to do for him? (See also the picture.)

6. What do we learn in the case of Judah?

DogARY 2026 3

We too should believe in Christ Jesus and vote on the people he has appointed to lead his people. (Mat. 6:45-47) If we stand up, let us continue to plead with and support God and Jesus, and make them clear that we trust them, they will help us so much. (Compare James 1:5-7.) Now, let's take a look at the ways in which the Lord sells us, wears our dress, and protects us, and what we should do to ensure that we are always benefiting from these things that we love us. The good example of Peter, Paul, and King David will help us.

ARTICLE OF THE CAPTION OF THE CAPTION OF THE PETRO

7 Peter was among the first Jews to recognize Jesus as the Messiah, and he believed that through Jesus, God instructed his people to teach them what they should do to ensure their eternal life. (Cort. 6:66-68) Before going to the palace, Jesus handed over a commission to Peter. He told her: I have loved my young sheep. (Cort. 21:17) Peter did this work well, and was inspired even by God and his spirit to write two books and today he is part of the Bible. But Peter himself also bought the Word of God. For example, before Peter wrote his letters, the Lord had deliberately pushed the apostles Paul to write some books, and Peter had learned these books. Peter argues that some of the things Paul wrote in his papers "are hard to understand." (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) But he didn't let that go; he didn't try to do it; he continued to study, and he trusted in Jehovah, he would help him understand what he was learning and use it in his life.Read the words of Daniel 5:141.

7. What role did Jesus delegate to Peter? But what did Peter himself need to do? (Article 5:141)

He listened to the directives given to him by God, highlighting his strong belief in God. For example, at one point, Peter was in a coastal town called the rain, and he was given a vision by God. In his vision, he saw some animals that the Edict of Moses had prescribed as unclean. Then, an angel ordered him to kill the animals and eat it. Peter had been in compliance with the Mosaic Code since he was young, so he felt that if he were to do what the angel was telling him to do, he was not guilty. Therefore, he told the angel: You know, Lord, for I have never eaten something that has never been clean and dirty. But the angel said to him: "We have to call the things that have been holy to them as things that have been robbed." (Bef. 10:9-15) Peter found out what the Lord wanted for him. Why do we say that? Shortly after his vision, he was attended by three men. They told him, their lord, that is, a Gentile named Cornelius, they would call him. If used to be, Peter would never have gone to the temple of Cornelius, because the Jews viewed the Gentiles as unclean. (Bef. 10:28, 29) But as a result of what the Lord had shown to Peter in the vision, Peter quickly went away. (Sept 4:18) He told both Cornelius and his household to teach them about Jesus. They believed what they had heard, they were anointed with the holy spirit, and all were baptized. 10:44-48.

9 Just as Peter learned the word of God, so we should always study the Word of God. We always want to learn the meanings of God's Word, and it is good to do so. But we should learn less understanding things.

8. How did Petro react when he presented a new guide through an angel to Peter?

9. If we study the substantive aspects of God's Word, in what two ways shall we benefit from it?

4 CUU-Lon

also. Why? This is because, although studying these things takes a long time but it is not easy for us to learn, we benefit from it at all, on two occasions. First, let us love and respect God even more, because we have become better. Second, studying something new about God that is touching our heart helps us to communicate with one another with confidence. (Rom. 11:33; Exit. 4:11) Another thing we learn about Peter's case is that when we are able to change the way we understand a scripture, we should absorb the new meaning quickly and apply it. If we do, it would mean that we eat foods that are prepared for us by God, and that will lead to our well-being.

THE BUNCE OF THE PASION OF ALLE, THE CAPTION OF ADOPTION OF THE SYSTEPTIONS

10 If we want Jehovah to take pleasure in us, what else we should do is wearing a dress that he has made for us. Paulo identifies what that shirt is. He said, 'You take the old man in you, and you leave the new person.' (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) If we work hard to promote the new person or imitate the qualities of God, this takes some time. Paul's personal life lets us see that. When Paul was a young man, he worked hard to do things that would please God. (Gal. 1:14; Fip. 3:4, 5) But, he had not fully understood theology and did not know who Jesus was. For this reason, God does not enjoy his worship. Also, he was not happy with how he would behave, because at that time he was arrogant. Even Paul himself said that, he had "no respect". 1 Tim. 1:13.

10. If we want Jehovah to enjoy us, what should we do? Explain with Colossians 3:8-10.

He was angry when Paul had not become a Christian. The Bible even says that it was so angry at the disciples of Jesus that, he wanted to kill them. (Bef. 9:1) But when Paul became a Christian, he obviously kept up with this bad character and became a mild-hearted man. (Efe. 4:22, nevertheless, he was at some point angry at Barnabas' bad news about a case. (Bef. 15:37-39) It appeared that Paul had returned to his farm. But he didn't make his escape right with his life. He has continued to work hard to eradicate any qualities that the Lord wants in him in order to prevent it from becoming reconciled with God.1 Kor. 9:27.

12 Paulo was able to remove bad attitudes toward him, and pick up the new person. What helped him to do that? What helped her was that she didn't trust herself. (Fip. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul also had a trust in the Lord and was helped by Him. (1 Pet. 4:11) This has meant that Paul did not make an error in his life. Some of his bad guys showed up occasionally, causing him to feel pain in looking for a place to touch his back. But whenever he feels that, he considers the many good things Jehovah has done for him, which urges him to keep up with his husband's bad qualities.Rom. 7:2125.

13 Regardless of how many years we have served God, we have to continue to perform the old person, i.e., the qualities that the Lord does not want, get away with us, and put on the new person, that is, the good qualities he teaches us. When we do that, it means we are imitating Paul, and we wear the dress that Jehovah has made for us.

11. What attitude did Paul need to have to carry out his escape from him? What leads to the fact that, it doesn't get it easy?

12. What helped Paul to take away bad attitudes toward him?

13. How do we show that we are imitating Paul?

DogARY 2026 5

We need to continue to learn about God, raise up the new person, and stay in the secret of the Lord.

(See paragraph 18)

Sometimes we will do something or say something that the Lord does not want, such as we may be angry at someone very much or say to someone inappropriate, and this can discourage us. But rather let's go to find ourselves, we need to continue to struggle to change. (Rom. 12:1, 2; Executive. 4:24) At any time, we always have to keep this vital issue in mind: We cannot open the dress that the Lord has designed for us, just like we open a garment when we see it catch us up. What this means is, we cannot change the ways that Jehovah has given us as to how we should behave. Instead, we should try to change our ways so that we live according to his teachings.

ARTICLE OF THE SYSTE OF THE SYSTE, THE CHIPTION OF THE SYSTE, THE CHIPTION OF THE SYSTEP,

14 If we want to be happy, another thing we have to do is, Stay in the mouth of the Lord's sleep. What is this metaphoric darker? And how can we live there?

1415. How does Jehovah protect his people? (Article 27:5) (See also the photo on the cover of the cover.)

15 King David said that, Jehovah keeps his people in his house. (Read Song 27:5.) What this means is that, Jehovah protects his people so that nothing is done to prevent them from getting rid of him. How does he do it? One way is, it fulfills our commitment to help us fight if people are trying to forces us to stop religion. (Song 34:7; Yes. 54:17) Satan and his demons and those who persecute us are stronger, but Jehovah is more powerful than they are. Even when they cut back our lives, Jehovah will bring us back to life. (1 Kor. 15:55-57; Exit. 21:3, also, when we are very troubled, it is with help by the help of God so that we can stand and continue serving him. (Septe 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) In addition, We have been given support by the brothers and sisters who help us comfort when we are stressed. He also hired us as leaders to strengthen us to maintain our faith. (Yes. 32:1, 2) And when we go to our various meetings, we find other ways of helping us protect ourselves.Protect. 10:24, 25.

16 Whenever David listen to the Lord, Ye-

16. How did David be protected by God?

6 BUU-Lon

Defence against him. In what way? It helps him make good decisions, which protect him and make him happy. (Compare April 5:1, 2.) But whenever David disobeys Jehovah, he makes bad decisions, and he is not bound by God to protect himself from the consequences of these bad decisions. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) David also sometimes faces difficulties not to disobey the Lord or to do something he wishes to do. When it happens like that, he sing aloud to Jehovah, and he protects himself. He clarifies David that he loves him and never leaves him, helping him to avoid overloading.Song 23:1-6.

We also know that if we are going to make a decision about a matter and let our hands pass, it means we are imitating David. Also, let's keep in mind that disobeying God's goodness will not protect us from the harmful consequences of that act. (Gal. 6:7, 8) As a result of David's, we will also face challenges that are not to disobey the Lord or do something he wants. If that happens, we should cry out to God sincerely. If we do that, Jehovah will console us and give us hope that he has not left us. 4:6, 7.

17. How can we learn from David?

ADOPTION FOR ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTIONS

18 Today, many people feel that God does not need his instructions or worship him as they themselves want or trust humans, and for that reason they are unhappy. We should be careful not to walk around with them. Instead, we have to obey the words of Jesus, which was chosen as the 2022 year's scripture,: Those who know that they need God are always safe. How can we do that? We should eat the food that the Lord has prepared for us by studying his Word, and wearing the new person, the good qualities he teaches us, and always listen to him to live in his garden.

18. How do many people behave today? And what can we do to prove that we need God? (See also photographs.)

What THE SYSTEP YOU WANT TO THE Book: A sister wants Jehovah to protect her, so she attended a meeting with her siblings in order to learn about him. Page 6: The sister is studying the Word of God, he wears the new person, and I take refuge in the secret of the Lord. The reason for this is that, he is studying health, he is doing good things to others, and he is allowing the elders to encourage him.

TESSION OF THE CEO . . .

What do we have to eat foods that are cooked by God for us?

Of what are we to wear the dress that the Lord has made for us?

What brings about our lives in the hiding of the Lord?

ROP 162 Man Must God

MARCH 9-15, 2026

July 45

Reviews in my heart

WHAT IS NOT learned

Let us see some things we can do when we are troubled and discouraged.

Jehovah can help us to feel better than a finger.

I am a miserable man!ROM. 7:24.

How did your mother inspire Paul? Probably you know him as a missionary who actively preached in various countries, or who was an expert, or who wrote a number of Bible texts. Indeed, when the name of the apostles is mentioned, the same things happen to all of us. But also sometimes Paul became tired, discouraged, and depressed.

2 Reading Romans 7:2124. Do you sometimes feel like Paul did? If so, you are not alone; most of us also feel that way. When Paul wrote to the Romans, he was a good Christian and was struggling to do what God wanted. But due to his imperfections, he didn't get this done at all. Also, because of some things he has done in the past, his conscience sometimes sentenced him to death deeply. He said that he has a problem but he didn't go away, which is also painful.

3 Although Paul sometimes took pity, he kept trying hard to avoid hurting him at all times. In this lesson, we will answer the following questions: What caused Paul to sometimes feel pain? How can he prevent it from happening to him that he has always been hurt by grief? And what can we do if we too get older?

INTTION OF ADOPTION

4 Bad things he has done in the past. Before Paul became Christfo-

* The people we talk about in this study are those who sometimes fall blind, worry, or feel stressed. But when a person is stressed and the person is about to feel like a disease, he or she should go to the hospital for treatment.

1-2. How did Paul feel at times? And how is his story similar to ours? (Prop 7:2124)

3. What questions will we consider in this lesson?

4. What was one of the main things that affected Paul?

8

He was very disappointed about how many things he did, and whenever he tried to do it, it hurt him very much. For example, he stood up for the murder of the faithful man Stefano and took an interest in the murder. (Bef. 7:58; 8:1) Furthermore, it has actively persecuted and abused Christians.Bef. 8:3; 269-11.

5 When Paul became a Christian, he sometimes remembered how painful he was to the Christians, causing him to become very depressed. He even managed to do that, when he was calling in the congregation, his grief worsened. For example, in about the year 55 CE, when he wrote his first letter to the Corinthians, he said: "I do not even prepare a so-called angel, because I congratulate the congregation of God." (1 Kor. 15:9) Afterwards for almost six years, writing to Ephesians, he stated that he will be lowerer than the least of all the saints. (Efe. 3:8) Then while writing to fellow Timothy, he told him that, in the past, it was a blasphemy and cruel and disrespectful person. (1 Tim. 1:13) If you see it, how will Paul feel when he visits a congregation where he meets those who have helped him or their families?

A liar in his body. Paul had a problem that he wanted to do so well , he put it together as a palm tree that he couldn't spare it. (2 Kor. 12:7) Paul has not stated the specific problem, so we do not know whether or not, a case that made him very sick, something else. But whatever he said, how he said he was very depressed. *

It is possible for Paul to be mentally impaired, and for this reason, writing a letter to the crowd or traveling abroad is very difficult. (Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Also, people said bad things about him, causing us to lose consciousness. (2 Kor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) We do not know if any of these problems were the salt Paul was talking about. But regardless of what it is, we know it's very disturbing.

5. How did Paul feel about bad things he did when he was not a Christian?

6. Of what else was Paul so disappointed? (See also footnote.)

7 Some errors that have been wrong. When Paul became a Christian, he always wanted to do what was right, but he didn't get it easily. (Read Romans 7:18, 19.) He said that, sometimes, he didn't do what he wanted to do, but what he did not want to do is what he did. Did Paul discourage him from leaving? No. He continued to work hard to do whatever God wants. (1 Kor. 9:27) Nevertheless, sometimes some of the bad attitudes he considers to have betrayed him show their faces again, which is very hot.

ARTICLE FOR THE SYSTE OF ADOPTION OF THE SYSTEMENT

8 The statements made by Paul in his writings show that he took time to think about how the spirit of God can help him and his Christian brothers to divert bad thoughts from their minds and to do what was pleasing to God. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) For example, it shows some things that would be acceptable for Christians to avoid. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26, which shows that Paul had taken time to consider the changes he could make to please God more clearly. He undoubtedly studied the text to help him see what changes he should make and how to do so. Therefore, we can say with confidence that, Paul used his advice to advice Christians.

Although some things made him sad, he focused on positive things, which made him happy. For example, the brothers have been hurt by the ongoing good things in the villages in our village, and

7. Although Paul played hard and always did the right thing, what happened at times? (Prop 7:18, 19)

8. What actions did Paul take to ensure that God is good?

910. Although some factors made Paul feel better, what helped him to be happy? (Article 1:7) (See also the image.)

DogARY 2026 9

This made him very happy. (2 Kor. 7:6, 7) Also, he was very close to the siblings, which also made him happy. (2 Tim. In addition, Paul was happy because he had a strong friendship with God and knew that he was happy with Him. (2 Tim. Even when he was imprisoned in Rome, he urged his brothers to "take good pleasure in the Lord." (Fip. 4:4) If Paul's problems were all reasonable, and he himself wasn't happy, couldn't he encourage his siblings to satisfy them, couldn't that be? Therefore, it is clear that Paul focused on positive things, rather than his problems, which made him happy.

The reason for Paul's joy was, he was very sure, that God loved him, and he allowed his son to die for him. (Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) Paul was even less skeptical that because of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ, he would be pardoned by God. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Because of this, although he had once committed a pardon, and was still on the rise to sin, he was able to serve God with joy.Defense. 9:12-14.

That is why, like Paul's, we might also want to do what is pleasing to God at all times, but we don't make it easy. Sometimes bad thoughts happen in our minds, or we feel that we have said something or do something that I don't want to do. Then, when it happens like that, we are sorry and our emotions turn around. But Paul's case can help us. "When I think about Paul's story, it is very encouraging," said a sister named Eliza. He explained to me that, I am not alone in my personality and I am trying to change it but I don't have it easy. Her case tells me that, Jehovah is aware of the challenges faced by his servants. What can we do to have a clean conscience and to serve the Lord with joy as Paul did, despite sometimes being separated from us?

THE SYSTEMPTION OF ADOPTION

12 Do things that will strengthen your relationship with God. By taking steps to strengthen our relationships with God, we will be able to focus on the good things, and this will make us happy. We can compare this with what happens when we do things that will improve our health. If we eat healthy foods, exercise regularly, and get enough sleep, we do it. Similarly, when reading God's Word regularly, we preach, and we deliberately learn things to do at the meeting and attend regularly and participate in it all the time, it will help us to focus on the good things, rather than the things that make us happy, and this will make us happy.Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 Here is the experience of a brother named John. At the age of 39, he was diagnosed with cancer. When he was informed about the incident, he made a very disturbing moment. He asked himself, "Midako, so where is this disease? At that time, she only had a three-year-old son. What helped John to cope with this difficult situation? He said: "Although it is because of the disease, I am always tired, I have always been able to do something we do to worship God with my family. We didn't miss a meeting but we didn't even stop it once, and every week we went to church and we did family worship. It is not easy to do it at all, but we work hard. John later commented: "Although when this incident has happened to me, I'm very troubled and I'm completely on it.

* Some of the names have been changed.

11. How can Paul's case help us?

12. How can we ensure our happiness if we punish us?

1314. When some brothers were in trouble, what did they do? And how have they been helped?

10 BUU-Lon

Although Paul's past bad deeds were very depressed, he considered Jesus' redemption sacrifice, which helped him to lose weight.

(Article 9-10)

Rather, Jehovah helped me to stand by, highlighting his love for me. Therefore, too, you know something like that that that which happened to you, believe that Jehovah will help you, as he has helped me.

14 Eliza, we mentioned earlier, said: "Every time I go to meetings and also conduct personal study, I see how much he loves me and listens to me, and this makes me happy." "Even if things are not going well, we continue to study the Bible, we pray, go to meetings, and go to church," said Nolan. We regret that, in any way, God will help us, even though we do not know how to do so. And always, Jehovah helps us to be honest and happy.

15 when we are studying the Bible, we are praying, we are going to church, and we won't hold meetings, but we aren't happy, what can we do? Here is an example to help us see what we can do. He heard that, you are suffering from severe sickness, and it is prone to collapse. what will you do? You may be accompanying a hospital to check for exactly why it is challenging and what it can be done for. Similarly, we need to research in the Bible and the organization's literature to find out why we are not happy and what we can do about it. Also, we can communicate with a strong sibling in the organization who can advise us on how to swim. Here are also some other things that can help us.

16 Ask the Lord to help you see what is not good for you. King David knew that, he was well known to Jehovah. So when he was troubled, he prayed to God to help him identify what he was suffering from.

15. If we are doing something that will make our relationship with God strong, but still we will not be happy, what can we do? Explain an example.

16. What can help us to see what is not making us happy? (Song 139:1-4, 23, 24)

DogARY 2026 11

Study tools to help you focus on building things that can affect you. (See paragraph 17)

(Read Song 139:1-4, 23, 24 and footnote.) We, too, can apply to God to help us understand our concerns and what we can do about it. Also, we can ask ourselves such questions as: 'What exactly is concerned with me? Is there any specific cause for him? And when it happens to me, do I try to keep my mind off and focus on the good things that will make me happy?

Learn what materials have appeared in the web series that can help you feel stressed. From time to time, we can take some of the qualities of God and learn about it. This can help us to feel better whenever we are troubled. For example, Paul took time to think about the ransom and how God offered pardons, which helped him very much. So can we do something similar. We can apply a research letter to the Jehovah's Witnesses, the Communities That helps us to stay with the Christians, or any other things the congregation has done for research, seek information about God's constant love, his mercy, and his forgiveness. Then, we can write the one we find can help us to stick to a place to see. Whenever we feel anxious or unhappy, we can take some of this information and learn and think about it and see how to use it. Fip. 4:8.

The aforementioned 18 Eliza searched for information about Job in the congregation's papers and studied it. He said: "As one of the problems of Job follows, the same has happened to me too. But after learning the story of Job I found that, when things were hard for him, he didn't know where his problems were, he continued to trust in God. (Article 42:1-6) Diane who we mentioned earlier also commented: What I've done with my husband is,

17. What kinds of issues will learning will help us to focus on building blocks? (See also the picture.)

18. What have some brothers learned and helped them?

12 BUU-Lon

We have moved to the Book of Jehovah where we are slowly studying it, and this has given us a better look at the qualities of God. Therefore, even though we are not bothered about our mistakes, we are not going to worry too much. Instead, let us make sure that, when we are struck by another situation, how can we imitate God? We are very excited that, Jehovah is teaching us to look like him. This has greatly strained the relationship between us and him. 64:8.

BASU BroughtIONS Boulevard

19 Even if we apply all the advice given in this study, we will sometimes worry or worry about ourselves, and our attitude will be sorry. But sadly, now that we don't know that Jehovah is interested in the representation we serve, and there's a good relationship with him, until we feel sorry. And in that case, Jehovah will help us to keep our mind off from what is disturbing us so that we do not feel better.

20 Let's make sure that, we will not tolerate any bad practices that we have taken in the past, our problems, or our shortcomings may well remind us of. But even if we get along, it will help us to focus on the things that will make us happy. (Song 143:10) In the new world, all things that come to mind will be things that will make us happy. At that time, nothing causes us to lose sleep, and we shall always serve God with joy. I'm really waiting for this time!

19. Even if we employ all the advice given in this study, then how will we feel? But why are we not happy with it?

20. What are you determined to do?

How will you become an expert in the decision?

What caused the victim to sometimes feel pain in their eyes?

What helped Paul to serve God with joy despite sometimes being sympathetic to him?

What can we do to ensure our happiness?

PO 34

Walking in Integrity

MARCH 16-22, 2026

July 20

Bring the Son

WHAT IS NOT learned

Because of the ransom, we can be pardoned, our sins can be separated from us, and we can make friends with God.

Why the Reception Needs Us

Who shall take me from the body that leads me to this death?ROM. 7:24.

He was told that a house had broken down a man, but he was not dead. But he cannot go out on his own. All he can do is listen to help him believe in being released.

2 of us are in this situation. Why do we say that? When Adam did not obey God, he became a sinner, so we, too, are sinners because we are his descendants. Because we all have been born in sin, our very life has become like the man who has broken the house on him and cannot go out on his own. Therefore, we need someone to release us from sin. In a letter to the Romans, the text of the letter by the apostles Paul effectively separated our status as sinners. (Read Romans 7:2224.) He begged for the removal of his body to death. Paul was born in sin, so he was not going to die anyway. (Rom. 6:23) We are also in the same situation, requiring someone to release us.

3 Interestingly, when Paul commented on the situation, he did not say that nothing could be done about it. Why do we say that? For what time did he ask: "Who will take me away from the body that leads me to this death? he said; Thank God through Jesus Christ, our Lord! (Rom. 7:25) In this article, Paul is indicating that Ye-

1-2. In what condition do we live? And why do we need someone to release us? (Porst 7:22-24) (See also the image.)

3. How do we benefit from Jesuss ransom?

14

Just as when a house falls to a person without his own permission, so we need someone to get rid of it.

(See paragraph 1-2)

He delivered us through the ransom sacrifice of Jesus. * Because of the ransom sacrifice of Jesus, (1) We can forgive us, (2) we have the hope that in the future, our sins will be separated from us, and (3) we can make friends with God. This study will help us to understand these goals more and will strengthen our love for God, the "God who gives hope". (Rom. 15:13) Also, it will make us appreciate Jesus very much, because he is the who has been taken over as a ransom for you. 1:14.

FOR ADOPTION OF ADOPTION, ADOPTION TO YOU CEO ADOS ADOS ADOS ADOS

The ransom is of great importance to us, because it is not possible for the Lord to pardon our sins. We were born in sin, so we each commit a sin. (Read Authors 7:20.) In fact, some of the sins are more serious than others. For example, in the Mosaic Law, when a person commits adultery or commits adultery, the law requires execution. (3 Mo. 20:10; 4 Mo. 35:30, there are some individual sins that are less serious, but nonetheless they are sins. For example, David composed a song, in which he said: "I'm going to make sure I don't have a sin with my tongue." (Song 39:1) This means that even what we say can be a sin.Yak. 3:2.

5 Did you speak words that you would have enjoyed? Did you do what you would have done? No doubt, each of us has made a statement, and he has done something that he shouldn't have done. The Bible states: "If we say, There is no sin against us, then we shall not deceive ourselves, and the truth is not within us. 1 Yoo. 1:8.

For Jehovah is fair, he has to do something that gives him the chance to pardon our sins. Therefore, he sent Jesus and opened up for us to be able to forgive our sins. (Efe. 1:7) But this has shown that, if we commit a sin, it does not matter. He wants us to be sinful.Yees. 59:2.

7 In the Mosaic Law, the Israels were required to sacrifice animals for sacrifices to destroy them

*You WANT TO: The ransom is a payment to redeem and detain someone. In part, a sin and death have occurred to humans, but Jesus' death removes obedient humans from sin and death, so his death is a ransom.

4-5. Why does the ransom matter to each of us? (Def 7:20)

6-7. What gave the rights to God to forgive us? (See also the picture.)

DogARY 2026 15

Internection with the Lord. (3 Mo. 4:27-31; 17:11) The sacrifices of the sons of Israel show that humans need a sacrifice that is better than those that, and that is, the ransom sacrifice of Jesus. This ransom gives the opportunity for us to forgive our sins. Paul's letter to the Christians in Judea makes it clear that he is well-informed about the importance of Jesus's ransom sacrifice. In this letter, when he mentioned the bad deeds they would have been doing, he told them: You are robbed and separated; you have been made holy; you have been declared righteous in the spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ our Lord and our God. 1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 While preparing for this year's Memorial, take time to think about how Jehovah has communicated with you with your sins. And as you do, think about how it has improved your life now. For example, if you are ready for some of the mistakes you have made in the past, then because of the ransom, you don't have to worry or worry about them. And what if it is hard for you to believe in having your sins forgiven you? Probably you talk to yourself

8. When preparing to this year's Memorial, what should you think?

I know, " I know, that Jehovah grants pardons, but what I did I do I do not believe that God will give me forgiveness." If you feel like that, remember: Jehovah is the one who pardons and gives his Son the power to judge us. He has not entrusted you or any other human being who has to be pardoned or should not be pardoned. Here is what the Bible has said on this topic. He said: "If we walk in the light, just like the Lord himself in the blood, then his blood of Jesus makes us separated from every sin." (1 John. 1:6, 7) We must believe this just as we believe the other Bible doctrines. Because of the ransom, the Lord has the power to pardon our sins, and the Bible also states that he is "very willing to forgive." Music 86:5.

FOR THE most part of your life, you will not be able to lose your faith.

In the Bible, the term 'don' applies not only to the bad things we do but also to the environment we live in. (Read Song 51:5 and footnote.) Being born

9. In the Bible, what does the word 'her' refer to? (Article 51:5 and footnote)

The youths were required to sacrifice animals for their sins. This allows us to see that the sacrifice of Jesus is important to us in order to forgive our sins.

(Combsection 67)

16 CUU-Lon

Because of our sins, we sometimes have negative thoughts and actions. Also, because of the sin we have been born, our bodies do not function as set by God, which causes us to get sick, grow and die. This fact is why even children get sick and die, even if they have not done something wrong. That is also why all the bad and bad people get their dream. Adam's offense is why we all live in this bad situation.

10 When Adam and Eve did not obey God and thus became sinners, how did they feel? The sin they committed made them very depressed. And immediately, their conscience began to beat them. (Rom. 2:15) They felt that something was wrong with them. And that, they saw the need to protect their bodies. And they also felt that they should go away from the face of their Creator. (1 Mo. 3:7, 8) From the time Adam and Eve were wrong, they took their heart off the matter, found it inappropriate, and were ashamed. And they felt so until they died. 3:1619.

Because all of us are born in sin, we also sometimes feel inadequate, sleepy about issues, and ashamed. The sin in us that makes us feel that way. Even if we try to change our lives to avoid problems, we see some challenges that we cannot solve our own. Why? Because the Bible says, we are going to put things 'free of charge'. (Rom. 8:20) Not only do you describe such a situation, all human beings also define such a situation. For example, today, many people are trying to take care of the land, end violence, help ensure that everyone needs their lives and cut off wars. But they have not been able to solve these challenges. So, then, the question is, In what way can the ransom take us to sin?

12 thanks to the ransom, we are optimistic that the creatures will also be freed from slavery in ruins themselves. (Rom. 8:21) This means that in the new world, our sins will be separated from us, and therefore, we will not get sick, and we will not be anxious. We will never feel like it is not good, we will not let our heart be hurt, nor will we be ashamed. Also, we shall take care of the land properly, and there shall be peace in any place, because Jesus Christ, the one who has given his life to the earth to be called the "Prince of Peace," is the one who will inherit us. 9:6, 7.

13 In the future when your sins are removed, how will your life be? Every morning when you wake up, you feel sick, and conclude your heart that there will be hunger for you or your family and friends. You may also not worry that disease will affect you or you will die. Even now, if we hold our hope firm like a dirty back and firmly for the soul, then we will cry out to our heart. (Defense. 6:18, 19) Don't put any vessel on solid waste and not shake it down. Our hope is like that, we firmly stand our ground. Therefore, taking a closer look at this hope will strengthen our faith so that we can cope with any challenge we may face. Have strong confidence that your job will not be fruitless because Jehovah is the "processor of those who actively seek him." (Defense. 11:6) Amnesty

10. How did Adam and Eve feel after committing adultery?

11. Because we are born in sin, how has our life been?

12. What is the hope that the ransom gives us?

13. When you are prepared for this year's Memorial, what else can you think?

DogARY 2026 17

It is only the sacrifice of Jesus that gives us the opportunity to make friends with God.

(See paragraph 16)

For this reason, now you have kept your heart calm and hope in the future.

ARTICLE OF THE moment, EXPTION OF THE SYSTE OF THE OSU

14 When Adam and Eve had committed a sin, humans could no longer have a friendship with God, say. The Bible says that humans became enemies of God. (Rom. 8:7, 8; Colony. 1:21) Why? Because it is impossible for the Lord to commit a sin, and also he shall never drink any of his sins. The Bible says of the Lord: "You are too pure, how wrong you are, and can't make sure that evil is happening." (Hab. 1:13) Therefore, ever since human beings became sinners, they have been reconciled with God. Before we can make a relationship with him, we have to be able to make friends with him. Interestingly, the ransom affects our relationship with him, and therefore, we can make friends with him again.

15 The Bible says that Jesus is a sacrifice to our sins. (1 John. 2:2) How does the ransom become between God and humanity? The ransom sacrifice of Jesus gave to the Lord, our God who can't be guilty, the opportunity to reconcile with humanity. (Rom. 3:23-26) The Lord knows that in any event Jesus Christ will pay the ransom. Therefore, he condemned those who worshipped him and were loyal to him before Christ's arrival in the land. (1 Mo. 15:1, 6; Yes. 46:10) The ransom has affected our relations with God so that we can make friends with him.

16 It is a great opportunity to reconcile with God. Why do we say that? For example, as shown by Jesus, you call the Lord your Father. (Mat. 6:9) Even sometimes, you call it a your-Heroster. But if we call the Lord "our Father" or "we're a helper," we have to do so humbly and with great respect. Why? Because we are sinners, and not the right thing to share it, we have a friendship with him. If it were not for the ransom, we couldn't make a friendship with God. Through Jesus it is recognised with all other things, . . Through the blood that Christ poured on the torture tree, this peace occurred. (Kol. 1:19, 20) That is why even now we are sinful, we can make friends with Him.

14. When Adam and Eve committed adultery, what happened to us with Jehovah? And why has this happened?

15. How did the ransom get between Jehovah and humanity?

16. When you are prepared for this year's Memorial, what other truth can you think? (See also the picture.)

18 BUU-Lon

ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

17 The ransom shows that the goodness of God is great. Jehovah helps us to keep our face alive, when we die in error. (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) People with the truth that can provide them with the good life are reminded that they are born in sin. We say, their condition is like that of those that have fallen sick, and they cannot rescue themselves. Therefore, they cry for help. (Bef. 13:48) Jehovah has responded to their condolences for help. In what way? He told the good news about the Kingdom, in order for these people to come to know him and his Son, Jesus. (Cort. 17:3) Therefore, if Satan suspects that the sin Adam and Eve committed would not be fulfilled by God's purpose, then he is very deceptive.

18 Although we are not looking at how we benefit from the ransom, we should not concentrate on anything else. That is the main reason why Jehovah gave the ransom. Not only did he provide the ransom for our lives. He has given it up for a purpose that is more important than anything else. Satan posted a message in the Eden garden, and through the ransom he replied to the matter. (1 Mo. 3:1-5, 15) Therefore, the main reason for the sacrifice is, to completely touch the mouth of his child. It will also save us from sin and death, which will show that God is love. Also, although we are sinful, because of his goodness, he also gave us the opportunity to prove that the charges made by Satan were not true. (Section 27:11) What can you do to show your appreciation for the ransom? This question will be answered in the next lesson.

17. How does the ransom show that Jehovah is very sorry? (Article 2:4, 5)

18. When we raise the ransom, what else should we take care of?

IN THEDOPTION OF THE CAPTION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Why are we to forgive us?

What are the sins of us apart from us?

What brings about our friendship with God?

July 19

The Lord's Diet

MARCH 23-29, 2026

July 18

We are very grateful for the ransom

WHAT IS NOT learned

Things that each of us can do to show appreciation for the ransom.

What Do You Do to Do to Hold the Reception?

The Christs will rule over us. 2kro. 5:14.

He was knocked down by a house and taken away from you by anyone. You would feel like you were paying the person's life, wouldn't it? If not only you have been removed, you would like to go to the person yourself and do something to express your gratitude for the removal he will bring you back, and that, you will never forget.

2 The preceding study made sure we cannot avoid the sin we were born in. But see what the Lord did. He offered his son as a ransom so that he can forgive us, (2) he released our sins in the future, and we can make friends with him. Because of the ransom, we are optimistic that in the future we will live forever in the new world of God. Jesus's saving life shows his love for humans. But it's not only the time he came to earth to prove his love for humans, instead, his time in space and he didn't come to earth, he loved humans. (Article 8:30, 31) The Angel Paul wrote that, the will of Christ dominate us. (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14,EACH This means that we have to show our gratitude for the love Jesus showed and that we will never forget.

3 What can you do to show your gratitude for the ransom? Maybe what you can do differs from that of another person. Why do we say that? Imagine three people traverling to the same place, but the country they each come from. Therefore, it will be a way for each other to move on.

1-2. What should the ransom sacrifice of Jesus force us to do? And why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also the picture.)

3. Why may it be different for each one of us to show appreciation for the ransom?

20

To save one's life, we have to thank him. Therefore, it is very important that we thank God and Jesus, since they have released us from sin and death.

(See paragraph 1-2)

to attend. Similarly, some of us are (1) Bible students, and some are (2) baptism Christians, and others are (3) Christians who are currently not affiliated with the congregation, and we all appreciate the ransom and we would like to do something to do that. But because each other's life is different, it will be different for each one of us to show appreciation for the ransom. Therefore, in this lesson, we will consider what you can do to appreciate the ransom when you are one of the three.

If you climb a scientific person, can you imagine?

Let's take a look at this topic when you are studying the Bible, consider: wanting to learn about God and the facts of the Bible. This means that Jehovah wants you to become his friend and you can do that. (Cort. 6:44; apostles. 13:48) It is in the heart of the heart that investigates. And that means he sees your efforts to learn about him, and when he finds out that you are making changes to do his will, he is happy. (Septe 17:3; 27:11) Given the redemption, you can make a close friendship with the Lord. (Rom. 5:10, 11) Don't let you ever forget this fact.

4. How does Jehovah find Bible students?

5 If you are a Bible student, what can you do to show your appreciation for the ransom? One thing you can do is to employ the advice of the apostles Paul to the Filipinos. He told them: "Where we go forward, let us continue to walk well in this same way. (Fip. 3:16) This text is translated in a separate Bible: We should continue to follow the path we are moving now; we should not go back. Therefore, don't let anyone stop you from following the path of life you are following. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

How much if it is hard for you to eat something you recently learned in the Bible? If so what will you do? Learn more about that and ask Jehovah to help you understand it better. (Article 86:11) But after you don't understand it, you have a record before, but don't try to study the Bible with you. And if for you, it is very hard for you to forget what something Jehovah does not want? If so, keep in mind that Jehovah never asks us to do something that we cannot do. No

5. What would a student be determined to be in compliance with the advice of 3:16 in a Bible student?

6. If it is difficult for a Bible student to eat something or to make a difference, what can it do? (Article 30:11-14) (See also the image.)

DogARY 2026 21

Jehovah never asks us to do something that we cannot do. It will help us to do his will.

(Clause clause 6)

For this reason, you can do his will. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) Jehovah has promised to help you. (Yes. 41:10, 13; 1 Kor. 10:13) Therefore, don't despair. Put your mind on what is now too difficult for you, instead think about all the good things that the Lord does for you, especially his death and make it so that you can die for him. As you grow in love with God, you will see that our actions are not easy. 1 Yoo. 5:3. *

7 And if you are a young person and your parents are training you in the truth, does this matter apply to you? Yes, it applies to you because your parents are studying the Bible with you. In fact, you are a valuable student of your parents. The Bible states: "You know God, and he will be close to you. (Yak. 4:8; 1 Kro. 28:9. If you do things that make you feel better, it also will be something that will make you feel better. Jehovah does not see you as a training person in the truth. He cares about you because he wants to make a good friend. And what has Jehovah done to make it possible for you to have a good relationship with him? He donated his child to the area around you. Never forget this extraordinary gift! (Rom. 5:1, 2) Therefore, prior to the Memorial, think what the Lord and Jesus did for them

He controls our way of life. what will cause this? The message Jesus sent to the Christians living in Jerusalem at the time of the apostles of Jesus can make us answer this question. The Christians in ancient Jerusalem were very grateful and Jesus praised them for it. But he also told them: The issue I have about you, that's to remove your first love. (Provincial. 2:3, 4) These words of Jesus show that when a period of time passes, it can happen that a Christian will not serve God with all his heart. The person can be a person of prayer, attend meetings, and also attend the workshop, but only do these things with his or her heart. If we say, it is no longer the guiding love. So if you feel like your love for God is not as strong as before, what can you do?

10 Angel Paulo tells Timothy to take care of his actions towards the Lord and to fully intervene. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13,EACH You can also think about things you do to serve God, and see how you can be bold in the spirit. (Rom. 12:11) For example, you can spend longer than ever to prepare for the meetings. If you are doing that, when you go to the meeting, your mind will be very focused on what is going on. Or if you are doing a personal study, you can find a quiet place to help you think better about what you are learning. Just as logs are put in a fire to keep it going, you should continue to do these things so as to always appreciate the ransom and all the other things that the Lord does for you. Also, you can concentrate on the good things Jehovah has done for you as one of Jehovah's Witnesses before the Memorial. If you do, you will be grateful for the ransom, because that is why you are able to make a friendship with him.

10. How can you apply Paul's advice to Timothy? (1 Timothy 4:13, 15)

Keep doing things that will make you want to have a friendship with God, even if you sometimes do not know that you have done so

(Section 11-12)

11 when it comes to something that you feel like you don't worship Jehovah with the courage of the past, it doesn't mean that the spirit of God is not upon you. Remember what the apostles Paul told the Corinthians about his ministry. He told them: "Even when I put my finger in it, it is a job that I was fired as a janitor. (1 Kor. 9:17) What do his statements mean?

12 times Paul did not feel like he had been preaching. Nevertheless, he was determined to continue to preach no matter how he felt. You can do the same. Make sure you are doing what is right even if you don't feel like you have done it. Therefore, pray asked the Lord to help you want to do what you want to do right, and also give you the strength to do that. (Fip. 2:13) Keep trying to do something that will make you feel better If you do, your love for God will gradually grow again, and you will worship him with confidence.

1112. When it comes to something that we feel like you don't want to worship Jehovah with confidence as before, do you mean that the spirit of God is not upon you? Explain. (Check also image.)

DogARY 2026 23

Ask yourself, 'What things can I do now to have a friendship with God?' (Consection 16)

JW.GR

13 Christians were advised at 2 Corinthians 13:5: "Keep trying to test for sure you are in the faith." Therefore, from time to time, we can ask ourselves such questions as: 'When we take care of how we live our life, can I say that the ministry of God is more important to me?' (Mat. 6:33) Do the things I take away from you prove that I hate evil? (Article 97:10) Do my actions promote peace and harmony among my brethren? (Efe. 4:2, 3) Memorial time is a convenient time to consider these issues. If we consider what the Lord and Jesus do for us, then we will be motivated to do something grateful to God and also to show that we live for Christ and not ourselves. *

Could YOU BE ADOPTION AND ADOPA OF ADOPA, what can you imagine?

14 Our brothers and some sisters have dropped out of school or have reconciled with the congregation. Some of these people serve the Lord so well for many years before they retire. Why has this happened? Some of them, like the environment's problems, were hearty and they felt like they couldn't serve God anymore. (Articles 21:34) Some of them, too, were disturbed by something a brother did or spoke. (Yak. 3:2) And another of them, they committed a serious sin that they wanted to be helped. Regardless of what cause you to stop your dress, what can you do? What about the ransom and the love that the Lord and Jesus have for you can force you to do?

15 Consider this case. When you look at it, how does Jehovah feel about people who have dropped out of school? The truth is, he has not become angry at them and has not forgotten them as well. She is looking for her ears and is going to lose it. And when he sees them he helps them to return to his community and also to sleep with them. (Read John 34:11, 12, 16.) Is it likely that the Lord is doing that in your behalf? Yes! Because you are reading this article, it means you still want to please God. Just like how Jehovah looked at your heart and dragged you into the truth, it is very likely that he is now drawing you back to make you return.

* You can read the message, "What motivates you to Serve God? and in June 15, 1995, Protective, to see what steps you can take to show that you appreciate the things that Jehovah does for you.

13. How can we examine ourselves that we are in the faith?

14. Why may some of our brothers and sisters drop out of the house?

15. What do I do to show that she is concerned about the Christians who have dropped out of school? (Solomon 34:11, 12, 16)

24 BUBI-Lon

16 Please consider some very encouraging words in your bank, Group, to turn to the Lord. In it, it is written: "You are assured that, Jehovah will help you to return to him. It will help you not to worry, forgive those who have wronged you, and will never again insult you. Then you will be motivated to serve him again with the help of God's people. Also remember that the elders want to help you. They can become as a hiding place when the air is bursting, a refuge is dry. (Yes. 32:2) We know that you will appreciate the ransom, and you want to do something so that Jehovah can see it. So ask yourself, 'What things can I do now to have a friendship with God?' (Yes. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) For example, you can attend meetings at the Imperial Hall. Also, you can try to get one of the leaders to help you. And one of the things he can do to help you is, he will arrange for someone to take a education course for some time. Have faith that, if you do all these things so that you can come back to the Lord and prove your gratitude for the ransom, he will bless you with it.

16. What can a person who has quit the association with the organization do to get back to the Lord? (See also the picture.)

WHAT DO YOU WANT TO ADOPTION OF ADOPTION?

17 Jesus said that the ransom was given by God to ensure that everyone who trusts it but to have everlasting life. (Cort. 3:16) Because Jesus died for us, it is possible for us to get rid of sin and death. None of us should ever forget this. (Rom. 3:23, 4) 2 Cor. 6:1) Therefore, prior to the Memorial, take time to reflect on the love expressed by God and Jesus. And this can motivate you to take action to show your gratitude for what they have done.

18 What can you do to show your appreciation for the ransom? What you are doing may vary from one person to another. But know, if you are among the other millions of Jehovah's faithful people and live as those who are no longer dependent on the hope of each other, but bear the hope of the person who dies for you, then Jehovah will bless you with your good deeds.2 Kor. 5:15.

1718. What would we do before the Memorial show that we are using our time properly?

WHAT DO THE ADOPTION OF THE SERPTION AND ADOPTION OF ADOPTION?

ALL biblical students

MYI Christians who are baptized

ROG Christians who have been in contact with the organization

July 14

Protect the New King of the Earth

MARCH 30-APERN 5, 2026

July 76 You Will Be Happy!

WHAT IS NOT learned

We have come to know what we should do to tell the truth or tell people the truth, we have done it very well.

Say the truth, But let him come to Nyaya

Jehovah is the true God. LALA 31:5.

Whenever PIPA, when we meet with a sibling for the first time and we want to know him well, we ask him, 'How did you come to the truth?' Some people who ask them this question answer that they have been trained in the truth. Some people would also say that, very recently, they learned and came to the truth. Why does one become a witness say he came to the truth? This is because, we live by the things we learned in the Word of God and everything in his Word is true. We know that unless a person learns the word of God and lives according to the things he learned before he can become a family member of the Lord. One thing we have learned from God's Word is that we must be honest in all things and always speak the truth. Music 15:1-3.

2 Jesus has always said the truth; if what he is going to talk to do to people, but that is true, he will say it and even his enemies witnessed this. (Mat. 22:16) Jesus sensitized his disciples on how people would react to the controversy. He said: "I hate to bring my finger between man and his father, and between a daughter and mother, and between a daughter and mother, and a daughter and mother-in-law." (Mat. 10:35) Jesus would have enjoyed the story he and his disciples preach, because that was the truth; but he also knew that it would not be. (Mat. 23:37) He knew that the truth would make people angry, because some people would be happy, but some people wouldn't be happy at all.2 Tes. 2:9-11.

1. If a person wants to become a family member, what should he do?

2. (a) How do people know Jesus and how have they responded? (b) Although the narrative of God Jesus spreading was true, how did he say people would react to it?

26

3 We also want to speak the truth at all times, even when it comes to hearings. Also, we preach and teach people what we have learnt in the Bible, although not everyone will be happy. But does this mean that, as long as what we say is true, we shouldn't consider how we say it and when we're talking? Not at all! In this study, we will answer the following question: If you want the truth, where will you find it? Then, we will see why we are telling the truth, how we should say it, and when to speak it. If we can see all this information, it will help us to speak the truth better than we are doing now, and also say it in real time and with discretion.

How long do we look at the CEO?

If we want to know the truth, we have to go to the Lord. Why? For whatever he says is true. For example, when he says that something is good, it is true, and when he says something is bad, it is bad. (Song 19:9; 119:142, 151) And also, all the things it tells happen, and when it pledges it takes control. (4 Mo. 23:19; Yes. 55:10, 11) True, O may never lie! (Defense. 6:18) For all this it is called the true God. Musical 31:5.

5 Most people say no one can tell if God exists or not, to learn about him and we know him better. But that is not the case. Many of the creatures around us make clear that God exists. (Rom. 1:20) At one time, the apostles Paul addressed some Greek high school students in their court, telling them, 'we saw him,' and that, 'he is not far from each one of us.' (Read Acts 17:27.) If a person is humble and shows that he wants to know the truth, Jehovah will help him know him. 6:444.

We are one way to know the Lord is and we will study the Bible. Jehovah inspired some men to write the Bible with his holy spirit. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) Therefore, everything written in the Bible is true, and we can believe. For example, we can believe what the Bible has said about how the world and all its content are created. (1 Mo. 1:1, 26, also, we can believe what he said about why we all commit a sin, why the world is so problematic, and why we die. (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) The Bible tells us that, by means of his Son, God will repair all the damage caused by Satan, the "host father", and we can believe this too. (Cort. 8:44; Rom. 16:20) In the Bible, God promised that, Jesus will destroy the wicked, resurrect the dead, ensure the proper renovation of the land, and help us achieve integrity. We can believe this promise. (Cort. 11:25, 26; 1 John. 3:8) We are happy that, Jehovah has let us know the truth, and he has given us the right to teach us. 28:19, 20.

How Did WE Cutting Out?

7 As we have said earlier, if we want to live in the family of Jehovah, we have to be honest, that means that there must be information.

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. Why can we say, if a person is searching for the truth, should he go to the Lord?

5. Why is it easy to come to know the true God? (Colgory 17:27)

6. What are some of the things you have learned from the Bible? And why are you so pleased that Jehovah has taught you these things?

78. Why do we need to speak the truth with good intentions? Explain the article at Mark 3:11, 12. (See also photographs.)

DogARY 2026 27

When you talk to people about the Bible, who is responsible for giving their attention? (Constitution clause 78)

Our language is a source of information. But is that just what is it? No. Jehovah looks at why we are saying the truth too. An incident in the reign of Jesus on earth reminds us of that. (Read Mark 3:11, Down On one occasion, Jesus was spreading near the Sea of Galilee, and many came together to listen to him. Whenever, some people with demons were confused, they fell to the face of Jesus and shouted at him: "You are the Son of God." It contains what demons say about Jesus. But is it a good idea? No. It is possible that they deliberately say the truth to another time when they say something, people believe in it. Then, they gradually removed the attention of the people from the office of God. So although they said the truth, they did not speak evil. Jesus didn't let them up completely, and he was very cautious about not educating people about them.

8 What do we learn from this? What we learn is that when we utter the truth but say it with good intentions, Jehovah will not be pleased with us. Therefore, every time we leave for someone, we have to keep the reason for that, that is, we love the Lord and want to help those they know. If we keep this in mind, then when people praise us for something we have taught them in the Bible, we won't take the praise for it for ourselves, but we're going to give it to God. 5:16; compare with Acts 14:12-15.

Here is another instance: If you don't know something that's not just anyone who needs to know until further notice, a brother who has been shot and charged. He told you not to tell someone, but take anyone. The case would later be announced, and the people you caught saw as true what you told them. Therefore, from that point on they respect you very much, because they feel like you know only the many things that have been arrested and charged to them. But will Jehovah be pleased with what you have done? Not at all. (Septe 11:13) Why? First,

9. If a person informs us of a secret, what should we not do? And why?

28 BUU-Lon

Although you have said the truth, our attitude is not good. Also, if someone tells us the secret, we tell others.

How TO ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

10 Reading Colossians 4:6. The Angel Paul told Christians in the Philippines that their language should always be honorable. What does this mean? The Greek word translated as honour means that the word should be of great benefit to people and also to be polite where people would feel, not upset.

11 when we are telling the truth, we should use the advice of Paul to promote our speech. The Bible itself informs us that the words in it are like a sword that comes that can penetrate the soul and spirit. What this means is that, the Bible can help us to see what we are and what is in our heart. (Defense. 4:12) But if we don't take the Bible seriously, we would annoy people with nothing and we would raise unnecessary conflicts. Let's explain the following situation.

The old saying is, once you walk on the morning and come into contact with a very devout man. When you began talks with him, you found out that, he was praying to statues and that he shared Christmas with his family and Easter. Therefore, from the Bible let it see if, it is not reasonable to make sacrifices for icons, because they are not drinking and they cannot see anything. After that, you went to the Christmas and Easter as well, letting him know that, all of them are immoral. (Yes. 44:14-20; 2 Kor. 6:14-17) When you go to this place, tell him the truth. But because you have not yet been in contact with him, when you see it, have you been working diligently with the Word of God? No.

10. How does it mean to promote it in a speech? (Thursday 4:6)

1112. If we do not comply with God's Speech, what effect can it have? Explain an example. (See also photographs.)

How can you use the Bible to authenticate people? (See paragraph 11-12)

Like Jesus, think about what you are going to talk about when you are talking (See paragraph 15)

13 Paul also stated that, we should keep salt in our speech. What does this mean? Is he recommending that we change the truth or threaten it? No, it does not. What he meant is that when we are telling the truth, we said it to him how we can make it appealing to the person we hear. (Dead 12:11) Is this hard to do? Sometimes it is difficult. Let's take a look at the same message of salt. Sometimes when we put salt in a meal, we think it is good, but when people stop it, they might say or not. The same is true in the language. We may feel that everyone likes how we say it. But it may not be the case in fact. For example, there are people whose origin is nudity, regardless of who they speak. But there are also some people whose backgrounds do not say that, therefore when you say that, you don't really care. Paul said we should know how we should respond to everyone. This means, when we talk to someone, we should make sure that, how can we communicate with him, and then say that.

13. What can we do to show that there is a lack of salt in our language?

FOR THE PERIPTION OF THE CHIPIPTION

14 Jesus spoke to his disciples in a kind and respectful manner and taught them many things. (Mar. 6:34) There used to be still a lot of things that he could teach them before going up, but he did not, because he saw that what he taught them was great before. Jesus knew that, some of the things are even valid for a short period of time before teaching his disciples, they would understand them. Indeed, he said that when he shows them these things, they cannot catch them up. (Cort. 16:12) What do we learn from what Jesus did?

15 what Jesus did shows that, although we have learned a lot in the Bible, we should not throw all peppers on our Bible students but one thing. How Jesus discussed his disciples and looked at how many things when he taught them they could catch them up, so we should be doing when we teach others. For example, think about the man we say

14. Did Jesus teach his disciples everything he knew before going to heaven? Why?

15. Should we throw all the information we know on our Bible students at once? Why do you say that? (Abei 25:11) (See also the image.)

30 CUBI-Lon

He wants to celebrate Christmas and Easter with his family. Imagine, this man has decided to study the Bible with him, but it is not until week or what is going to be Christmas. We know that both Christmas and Easter are inherently sacred, and God is not willing to worship. But if you look at it, can you say that your language has come to prominence when you show it to him what the Bible says about these celebrations, with the mind to immediately understand and stop giving birth to Christmas? Although some students of the Bible may understand, we know there is also some that will take some time to understand and apply. By teaching our Bible students what to know about the time they need to know. It will make it easier for them to use.Read April 25:11.

16 If you teach someone about Jehovah and help him come to know the truth, you enjoy a different happiness. But what can you do to help your student continue to walk in the truth?

16. What can you do to help your Bible student continue to walk in the truth?

in? Keep being a good example for him. (3 John. 3, 4) Seek a living to ensure that you believe in the things God has promised in his word that he will do. Say the truth at all times, and do that with good intentions. If you show him something in the Bible, promote a spirit of honor and respect, and also see if the timing of your speech is appropriate. Lastly, when you praise it, give all the praise to Him. Doing these things will show that, the Lord God of truth, you are.

WHAT TOROA IN THE POBIPIP 29: In the first picture, a brother has found a Christmas tree in a man's house, and so he is discussing a case with him that says, Christmas is a source of idolatry. In the second picture, he is discussing a topic where all fathers will enjoy it. When you see, which of the two conversations will be most affected by the man?

WHAT are you going to do next day?

ALL Apostolic 17:27

ALL Colossians 4:6

RAIN 25:11

July 160 Good Story!

CUU-Lon

EXECTYPE BY ADAFI

January 2026 Vol. 147, No. 1 GA

BUNBI-SESSIONS

Article for March 2-8 2

Show that, You know You Need God

Article for March 9-15 8

Jehovah can help us to feel better than a finger.

Article for March 16-22 14

Why the Reception Needs Us

Article for March 23-29 20

What Do You Do to Do to Hold the Reception?

Article for March 30April 5 26

Say the truth, But let him come to Nyaya

This form has not been sold. It is part of a global Bible education initiative that is funded by voluntary donations. If you want to make a donation, please attendww.four.org.

Unsigned texts are from the Holy See.

The Sip (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2022 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J3484, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

What can you do to avoid?

Production Bible Episodes

The information discussed in the Bible is true and you can learn a lot about it. By taking a look at the information you are reading in the Bible, you will be able to understand and enjoy it very well. Here are some tools that will help you to visualize the information you are reading in the Bible.

• Reading and exiting. Reading the Bible and coming out will help you to take a good look at what you are reading. If you are reading the Bible with your family, you can just tell people who are in the conversation you are reading. This will help you to take a good look at the matter.

• Be aggregator of the incident. Make sure, then, what can it be like is going on in the minds of people you are reading about, and how do they feel? For example, you might ask yourself: Why did this person say what he said, or did he do what he did? If I had been in this situation, what would have been happening in my mind, and how would I feel?

• Graphicle of the palm wine story. Even if you don't know art well, but try to take a photo of the events, you will be able to take a look at the events and remember the matter better.

visit the brain.org website, or this symbol

JW.ORG ®

w26.01-GA