July 2026

BUNA-SESSERE OF THEDOS OF ADOS ADAFI

IN THE moment: SEPATE 7-O CTOBER 4, 2022

SEPATES 7-13, 2026

July 88 Let's Make Malek Your Own

What will we learn about some of the things we can learn from the words of the Israelites and the way that they were treated by God.

Impacts We Can Learn From the Walkers

Gibersons shall not conclude a peace treaty with Israel and settle in their midst.OS. 10:1.

40 years have passed the time the Israeli people left Egypt. They have now gone to the Land of the Pledge, defeating the towns of Jericho and Ai. Some people in other parts of the land of Canaan have heard what the Israeli people have done. A number of these people came in to negotiate a peace treaty with the Israeli people. They feel like they come from a distance and want to make friends with God's people rather than to fight with them.

2 Those who came to the Israels were called among them as Babylonians. It is in that report that the Megans were mentioned for the first time in the Bible. He has been mentioned several times in the Bible. The Bible shows that they lived with the people of Israel for many years. The disciples showed many virtues and we can imitate them. Also, we can learn some of the characteristics of God from what happened to them.

What brings about Independence amongst people?

3 When the people of Israel arrived in the Land of the Pledge, the seven nations who were commonly called the inhabitants of the land, had to fight and defeat the Canaanite people. The number of people in these nations is significantly higher than the Israeli people, and their armies are much higher than the Israeli army. (5 Mo. 7:1) One of these nations is the Hivs; among the Hivs the sons ofʹ. The Megans are located in a town called Megan. A fence was built around this town and they had a large army.

1-2. Why is it good to consider what the Bible has said about the disciples?

3. (a) Who are the youths? (b) Why did they apologize to the Israeli people to prevent them from destroying them?

2

The disciples lured Joshua into contracting a peace deal (shortment 4).

(Yos. 10:2) The other Canaanite people wanted to war with the Israels, but the eagles did not want to do so because they saw that they could never defeat the Israeli people. Why did they conclude that? Because they realised that, Jehovah was helping the Israeli people to win. They do not know that they know that Jehovah has promised to give the land of Canaan to the people of Israel. (2Me. 34:11; Yos. 9:24) Therefore, after they learned that the Israel had conquered Jericho and Ai, they sent some men to Joshua at 740 to plead with him not to destroy them. *

4 Reading Joshua 9:8-13. The disciples deceived Joshua of coming from abroad. they said.

* Men dispatched to the Israels came from the three other towns of the Babylonians, Kefira and Berotte and Thelmat-yearim.Yos. 9:17.

4. (a) As stated at Joshua 9:8-13, in what way were the Israelites tricked into entering into a peace treaty by the Babylonians? (Check also image.) (b) What did the Israelis do when they learned that the disciples had misled them?

he said that they had heard that the army of Egypt was destroyed by the Lord and he had helped the Israeli people to defeat the two kings of the Amorishers, Princeh and Og. But they have done something to show that they are wise. At the time, the youths had recently defeated Jericho and Ai, but they did not mention that because it would take some time for people in the far region to hear of it. If they mentioned it, the Israels would have found it to be true that they are far from abroad. Joshua and the men of Israel believed the words of theʹ. Therefore, they promised the Huguenots not to destroy them. But they did not ask for the Lord before they promised the youths. (Yos. 9:14, 15) Shortly after, the people of Israel found out that the disciples had lied to them. But because the Israels had sworn with the Lord, they kept their promise. (Yos. 9:16-19) The Israelis told them that they would allow them to stay with them. But they informed them that, they would become a burden to the country and the altar of the Lord. 9:27.

July 2026 3

The five heroes of the Amorsi did hear that the youths would not give up a peace treaty with the Israelis. Therefore, they formed a joint venture to fight among the Babylonians. The disciples were nervous and begged Joshua to come to their aid to fight against the Ammos. (Yos. 10:3-7) Joshua goes with his army to help them, and Jehovah gave them the victory. Jehovah has even caused the hails from the top to the gods, causing a great deal of time to become known to the Israeli people to defeat the gods at all. (Yos. 10:9-14)The youths show their trust in the Lord. How do they show that? First, they signed a peace agreement with the Israeli people. Also, when the gods tried to attack them, they demanded the support of the Israeli people. The disciples were very confident that Jehovah would protect them, and he would also fulfill his promise to the Israeli people.

How do we learn about God in the way he treated the disciples? Jehovah is humble and forgiving. Jehovah told the people of Israel to destroy all the inhabitants of the Canaanite people, including the Babylonians, were destroyed. (4 Mo. 33:51, 52) But when the people of Israel came to an agreement of peace with the Babylonians, they were found to be merciless and did not let them destroy them. Jehovah did that even though the Israelis did not ask him for the peace treaty. Later, the Israeli peoples were helped by the assistance of the Lord to be able to survive and lift down the Babylonians and to protect the Babylonians. Yos. 9:26; 11:19.

7 What would we do if we were to study thekings? First, we need to do things that will make us believe in God more. The things we know about the Lord are far more than the things the Witnesses know about. Therefore, we have had a great reason to believe in God. (Article 40:4, 5) Second, if we willingly perform tasks that are usually not respected to Him, then we are imitating the sons of among them. (Yos. 9:23, 27) A young brother, Luke, who serves at Bethel, recalls some time when an older brother who was also serving at the university, took a step to show that he was very submissive. This elder brother is responsible for his hard work in the family. However, at some point during the construction of a Royal Hall, he willingly met to protect the Hall and the construction of the building. Luke commented: I learned that one is not just how one feels about it. But it should also be seen in the actions of the person. Therefore, if we believe every day that the Lord will help us to resolve our concerns, then we are learning the valuable things about him. And if we stand up and do whatever work we need to do in the organization of Jehovah, that would mean that we are imitating them.

If you are NOT able, you will not stand up against you.

8 The Bible made a statement that came to theʹ during the reign of King Saul of Israel. King Saul attempted to assassinate all of the Huguenots in Israel due to his jealous nature towards the people of Israel and the inhabitants of Israel. This is what led to the killing of some of the camels. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) This Saul's action was very bad! Saul broke the long-standing peace treaty between the people of Israel and the Babylonians.

5. What did the youths do to prove their trust in the Lord?

6. What do we learn about God through the way he treated the disciples?

7. How do we show that we are learning the youths? (See also the picture.)

* The Bible does not specifically state Saul's reason for this offence. Some experts believe that Saul did not want other nations to live in Israel to do so.

8. What offences did King Saul commit against the Huguenots?

4

CUU-Lon

humble as did the among the Huguenots, and do the often discredited work

(Section 7)

9It's timeline before the offenders' bad deeds were heard by the Lord. Jehovah did that when David became king. How did he do it? It is not raining for three years, leading to drought in Israel. David asked Jehovah why there was a famine in the land. He was told by Jehovah that, Saul and his household were guilty of blood, because some years ago, they had made an offence against the Israelites.2 Sam. 21:1.

10 Reading 2 Samuel 21:3-6. The people of David's father, whom he asked what he could do for them as a result of Saul's crimes. The disciples didn't ask David to give them more money. Why? They know that, the Edict says, when someone deliberately kills someone, no ransom should be bought for his or her life, instead, it should be executed anyway. (4 Mo. 35:30, They also knew that they could not kill anyone unless the king gave them that privilege. For this reason, David gave the people the opportunity to kill some of the seven men of the Saul family. These men may have helped Saul to kill the Babylonians. After some time, the rain started to rain again and the drought was delayed. This means that, Jehovah was angry at the Israels for their crimes against the Israelites.2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

How do we learn about God in the way he treated the disciples? His treatment of them shows that he is fair. (Article 37:28) People often disagree with people from other countries or who are different. But Jehovah wants all people to be treated well. Furthermore, praise and treatment of God's people has been given to God's people. But Jehovah has promised that in the future he will bless them with pain no more. The way that the people of Jehovah dealt with the Huguenots, we also note that he expected the Israeli people to keep the peace treaty between them and theʹ, and he also expects us to fulfill our promises.Compare Amos 1:9.

12 What do we do will show that we are learning the youths? Sometimes, our brothers can prosecute us. But we have arrived that, we have to wait for the Lord to do it.

9. When did God make it known that he was not interested in what was done to the youths?

10. How do the disciples show their desire to keep the Law of God? (2 Samuel 21:3-6)

11. What do we learn about God through the way he treated the disciples?

12. What do we do will show that we are learning the valuable things?

July 2026 5

Treatment of the problem. If we do, it means that we believe that the Lord will solve the problem in time. Here is a rumor that shows that. An anointed sister, Laura French, began service at Canada's Bethel in 1926. Ten years later he was prosecuted for a very bad case. Some people accused him of belonging to some of the boarding houses. Although the charges against him were not true, he was allowed to leave Bethel. How did she react to the prosecution? He was very hurt by the incident, but he was not critical of the congregation and the brothers. Instead, he served as a pioneer for four years. Then, in 1940, he was invited to serve again at Bethel, surprising him with joy. He remained faithful to God and served in Bethel for 50 years until his death. We, too, can continue to do what is wrong, and wait for the Lord to solve the problem in real time just as Sister French did. 263, 4.

ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTIONS

The 13th Bible states that after King David's death almost 500 years, something happened to the people of Eden. The Jews had lived in Babylon for almost 70 years independent of Babylon. So, the Governors returned some of the Jews to Jerusalem. (Ezr. 2:1, 2, 58) Afterwards about 70 years, the clerk-in-chief Ezra and other Jews also left Babylon and returned to Jerusalem. (Ezr. 7:1-7) The number of people who burnt down was too small. And the same is true of those who left Ezra. But in each of these two groups, the Bible states that it also includes the so-called good morning. (See Ezra 2:58 and 7:7 footnotes.) Lover is non-Israelish church ministers, many of whom are descendants of the Israelites.See Bible's Keywords Classification, Ob.

14 Reading 1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote. The ministers of the church were part of the first commission to return to Jerusalem. What they did shows they were very confident because not all the Jews returned. Many of the Jews had fancy homes in Babylon and were also making big money there. Therefore, they do not want to abandon the good environment and return to Jerusalem to help the cocoa business in the area. Some of the descendants of the Babylonians and some of the faithful Jews were so fond of building a new church for the worship of God there. Therefore, they returned to Israel, even though they did not get it easily. Jews had land in Israel, but the offspring of theʹ had no land in the area. Nevertheless, they returned to Israel to support the work done in the temple of the Lord and even to renovate the walls of Jerusalem. 3:26.

15 What do we learn about God in how he treated the disciples? The way he treated them shows that, he was not completely close to his loyal gods, and always took care of them. After saving the Huguenots during Joshua's term, he continued to bless them. When the Babylonians came to Jerusalem, the offspring of the Witnesses were saved by the Lord. And when they returned from Babylon, he made them continue to work at the church. Some of them seem even to be living near the church premises. (Ezr. 2:70; Neh. 11:21) And because they worked in church.

13. Who are referred to as the host? And what did they do when the Jews got away from Babylon?

14. What did the youths do to prove their loyalty to the Lord? (1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote)

15. What do we learn about God through the way he treated the disciples?

6 BUU-Lon

As a result of this, the king of Persia has not allowed them to pay back the various levies in his reign.Ezr. 7:24.

16 What do we do will show that we are learning the youths? We must serve both the Lord and our potential, and also help others to do so. This will sometimes call for some changes. This was done by Ghanaian businessman Alwin in the Philippines. He had done a very big job in debt. But he wanted to do a great job in the worship of God. Therefore, every time the district officer visits them, he applies for work to get him to participate in the presentation that week, and this makes him very happy. Therefore, Awin's prayer to help him get another job that would allow him to do his job as a pioneer. Alwin knew that, she had changed the job she was doing, she lost her income. However, she resigned from the job and later got another offer that allowed her to join the pioneering venture. His wife joined him in the pioneering journey, and they were able to help 21 people learn the truth. No doubt, Jehovah appreciates the efforts of this brother and his wife. We, too, wish to serve with our whole mother, we can believe that she sees and appreciates him, and that, he will continue to look after us. 6:33.

The 17 way the people of Jehovah treated them helps us to see some of his beautiful qualities. These are, he is humble, sympathetic, just innocent, and honest. He has blessed all those who serve him that are loyal to him. We also learned some things about how the youths reacted. Like the Huguenots, we also need to deepen our faith in God, and trust in him. We have even faced the difficulties of the cowardly. Moreover, we should submit and do all that the Lord will do to him in his service. In addition, we are being wronged by our oppression, we should be patient and believe that Jehovah will resolve the matter in time and rest. Lastly, we have to do all our best to serve and be faithful to God. If we have done that, it would mean we have learned a lot in the way of the disciples.

16. What will we do to find out that we are learning the help of the Megan-children?

17. What materials have we learn from the words of theʹ?

How will you become an expert in the decision?

How can we demonstrate our belief and submit to the likes of the Alps?

How can we treat our innocent people?

How can we continue to serve and be faithful to God as did theʹ?

828 YIT is Jehovah?

SEPATE 14-20, 2026

The Book of the Book of the Book can be of comfort to you.

This is what the Lord said: . . "As a child is comforting to his child, so will I continue to console you." 66:12, 13.

PART 41 Please Listen To

What will we learn about how painful or depressed we are to read some of the scriptures in the Book of Isaiah and think about them? They will console us.

A child is overwhelmed by the pain of being stressed and stressed. Why is it so sad and bad? Maybe, they are moving to another place and so he will leave his friends and will never see them again. Or maybe he doesn't do something that has made me feel better. What will a loving mother do in such a situation? She will forgive her son, ask him what is doing, and let him know that he loved her.

In the Bible, the Lord compares himself to a loving mother who consoles her children. He said: "Just as a child is comforting to his child, so I will continue to console you. (Yes. 66:13) Jehovah loves us far more than our parents. (Yes. 49:15) He made written in his Word, the Bible so that when we are mourning or anxious, they console and strengthen us.Rom. 15:4.

3 Jehovah finds out a lot of words in the book of Isaiah that can be comforting to us. (Yes. 40:1) At some point in the land of Judah, the people of Jehovah were in critical condition. Therefore, let me make a letter to them so that I can write it to them. Today, we also live in difficult times, and we need comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) In this study, we will discuss some of the scriptures in the book of Isaiah. These scriptures can console and strengthen us when our life changes as we don't expect, (2) our conscience is beating us badly because of a past sin, and (3) when someone we love is dead.

1-2. When we are troubled or anxious, how does Jehovah help us? 3. What will we consider in this lesson?

8

ADOPTION OF ADOPTION AND IN THEDOPTION OF ADOPTION

We can change the time we don't expect. (Jaj. 9:11; 1 Kor. 7:31) A disease can catch us, we can be a year old, there can be confusion within the area, or what we do in the service to God can be changed. If it happens like that, it can cause us to lose weight or to lose weight. We might ask ourselves: 'What will I do?' After serving at least 17 years, a brother, Joseph, was allowed to serve as a pioneer. He said: "I was devastated. I didn't know where or what was going to happen to me, because I had served in Bethel for many years. If our country changes when we don't expect it, how much information has the power to write in the book of the Book of Isaiah that can console us?

4. How can we feel if our life changes when we don't expect?

5Read Isaiah 42:16. He has promised to lead those who somehow carry out their fight against the blind through the ways they have taken a person before, and it will cause them to behave in the darkness. If our condition changes as we don't expect, we might feel like a blind that goes through the dark path of the mountain and mountain and valleys that have never passed before. We can also feel like walking through a bush without finding a way to go. But Jehovah has promised that, no matter what circumstances we are going to do, he will not abandon us nor guide us. It will come out of us and lead us through the darkness, giving us the way we walk. Also, he will ease the movement of the mountain and the hill mountain and the hill to which we walk. How can he do this? He will use his family and congregation to give us good advice.

5. At Isaiah 42:16, what does Jehovah promise to do for us? (See also the picture.)

Even if your life changes when you don't expect, you will never be abandoned by God (See paragraph 5).

If you climb your garden without your knowledge, fall short of you.

(Song 119:105; Yes. 30:21) In addition, it will help us through our fathers. Therefore, even if our life changes when we don't expect it and we don't know what direction to take or it seems like the way we should go is going. Even harder, we can believe that, Jehovah will help us. Why? Because he loves us and he understands how we feel. Yes. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 Joseph, who we mentioned in the four verses, discusses how he and his wife loved him and how he helped them out of the house. He said: "When we leave Bethel, we saw that Jehovah loves us and helps us. He has helped us through our best friends. He made us have what we need and is also coming from us in time, and he continues to do so. You too, when your life changes unexpectedly, know that, Jehovah will strengthen you and guide you even when the change seems to be difficult. (Yes. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph also commented: I love one of the other songs of the congregation very much. One of his words says, Leth-no one knows the future. But God is with me; my heart is weak. In fact, things may not go as far as we would expect, but there is a lack of transparency: Regardless of our circumstances,

If you lose courage at some point of time or not long

7 If we inform the elders of any serious sin we have committed, they will help us.

* It is one of the other songs of the congregation titled 'I know God and Me".

6. If our life changes when we don't expect, what should we never forget?

7. How do some people who have past committed a sin start to feel pain?

because they love us. Then, we do all that we can to do that sin again. (April 28:13; Yak. 5:14-16; 1 John. 1:9) If we forgive our sin, our heart may continue to praise us. We might say to one another, 'You will never give me a pardon.' (2 Kor. 2:7) It is not hard to think about that, because it would be hard to lose sight of our past sin, possibly resulting in a longer time for our conscience. King David describes the same situation; he said: "My anger is not satisfied with my sin." He added: I'm cold and I'm completely hurt. (Article 38:3, 8) If a na-remember is how you sometimes feel, then some of the characters in the letter of the Book of Isaiah can be comforting to you.

8 Reading Isaiah 1:18. If we forgive our sins, we shall be pardoned completely and never remember again. He used an example in the book of Isaiah. He said even if our sins were to function like blood, they would make them look like snow. If anything like blood is latrines, it is very easy to remove. Yes, yes, if our sins are bloody, it will make them look like snow; it will remove our sins completely from us, and it will not be even like we have not shown our sin.

9 The way that the Lord reacted to King Da- Red when he made some mistakes highlights this fact to us. Although President David was divorced, he committed murder, and when he was repentant, Jehovah offered him a pardon. He later stated that David had been worshipping him with pure heart. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 State. 9:4, 5) When David comes to the mind of Jehovah, what he remembers is his allegiance to him and not his faults

8-9. What do the words of Deuteronomy 1:18 tell us about how God grants pardons?

10 BUU-Lon

You throw all my sins on your back

What we are now and what Jehovah looks at, not what we used to be (See paragraph 11)

to him. Similarly, if we commit a sin and repent, we are asked by God, and he helps us to continue serving him with a clean conscience. What else is said in the letter of the Book of Isaiah that can console us when our heart is beating us badly because of a past sin?

10 Reading Isaiah 38:17 and footnote. The word 'You have dropped all my sins' can also be translated to mean, 'You have taken away all my sins from your face.' In this note, we see that when a person who has committed a sin repent, Jehovah pours the sins of the person away from where he or she will not see them again. A document defines this statement as: Lets make it appear like you have not sinned. This means that when Jehovah pardons us, he sees us as if we have not shown any fault. Therefore, he does not punish us for it.

Don't let any mistakes you made in the past make you happy.

He is no longer reminiscent of his memory. He promised, "we shall no longer pay our sins." (Yes. 43:25. That is very comforting, isn't it? If the Lord, the Supreme Judge, is not recalling our sins, then we must also take it in mind, and we should not worry about it with our conscience.

We need to remember the promise of God when our conscience congratulats us upon a sin we have once committed. If he forgive us, he shall give us a pardon. He did not see us as those who were embarrassed by a past sin, and did not act like an humans who are not bound by them. (Yes. 57:16) This is not the way we once needed Jehovah, but rather, what matters is

10. Of what comfort is it to be found at Isaiah 38:17?

11. What is Jehovah's focus on regardless of our past sins? (See also the picture.)

July 2026 11

The dead will live

In any event, we will see people we love and die again (See paragraph 14)

How we are now and what people we are trying to become in the future. (Yes. 55:7) Jehovah loves us very much, and he wants to forgive us when we make mistakes. Therefore, let's remember how much God loves us, and let us rectify any mistakes that we have made in the past. Let us neither mention nor let us stop serving God and save us life.

When No One Will Die

12 When someone we love has died, we are sorry and we may feel so long. Sometimes we may ask ourselves, 'Why does God allow her to die?' Michael, a brother, felt that when his parents died in a fire, they died. He said: "My heart is broken, and I am very angry at the Lord that he allowed us to die.

12. How might we feel if someone we love has died?

I know that it is not a cause for them to die, but it is also not worth it. Probably you have felt as it has ever felt. What has Jehovah done to comfort and entertain us when someone we love?

13 Reading Isaiah 25:8. He promised to "saving up death forever." Make sure you are in the new world without anyone dying again. Then, there is someone you love about that. You will not die that will make you sad. (Yes. 35:10) You know that you will find someone you love has been placed in a box and that he is being placed in a funeral and so you are very sorrowful. Instead, you will be optimistic that those you love will have a healthy life and you will live with them forever. This is not an issue. It is indeed a thing to do, because it is the promise of God.

13. What are the promises made by God at Isaiah 25:8?

12 BUU-Lon

This is and it is the only one that can make it happen.Prop. 21:4, 5.

14 Reading Isaiah 26:19. It is not only after death that God will cut off, but will cause our loved ones to come back to life. Here is what he said about the dead. He said: "My dead people will rise. This means that, Jehovah sees them as his property, he will not forget them, and in his due time, he will raise them up to life. Just as water causes dead trees to grow again, so too, Jehovah, the Source of Life, will bring back to life those we love and loved. How excited we are for the time we welcome them!ref name="http:ref name="http:ref>

15 Although we believe in God's promise to raise up the dead, when someone we love is dead, we are deeply saddened. But we know that Jehovah has not forgotten them, and this is very comforting. This hope is comforting to the Michael we mentioned in paragraph 12. He said: "Their words help me to see that I don't really care about my parents. He will not forget them, and will raise them up in the future. This strengthens and consoles me. Therefore, it is very good at time to picture the grave in our minds. If we do, it will console us.

In this study, we found a few scriptures in the book of the Book of Isaiah that can console us when our life changes as we don't expect, our conscience is beating us badly because of a past sin, and when someone we love is dead. We are so happy that Jehovah through the Bible gives us comfort! (Article 94:19) Do you have a scripture you found to be comforting when worried? If so note your name or letter to a letter and stick to a place where you are not supposed to be able to see it. It happens that, the words from God, our in-Space Father who loves us, will continue to be comforting.

14. How do you feel when you take a picture of the resurrection? (Draft 269:19) (See also the image.)

15. When someone we love is dead, how do we understand the promises of a resurrection from God?

16. When you come into a critical situation, what do you find to be comforting?

WHAT THE SYSTEPTION OF MY 9: A brother and his wife who left Bethel are welcoming them from the new congregation. Page 11: A brother has shifted his mind away from mistakes he made in the past, and has attended the Pioneer School of Happiness.

WHAT AND AND AND AND AND AND INIPTION?

ALLah 42:16.

CREE 1:18; 38:17.

ALLah 25:8; 269.

RIG 3

Jehovahs power, our hope; We trust

SEPATE 21-27, 2026

The 13th century is the Almighty God.

In this lesson, we will answer the following questions: What does one know? Why should we continue to learn about him so that we can know him better? And how can we know him better?

14

Keep Learning about God so as to know him better

try to know your God and serve him with a complete heart. 1ROS. 28:9.

Jehovah, our God, knows all that, he is more prudent than anyone, and he has done many wonderful things. When we discuss all of these, we are surprised. The Angel Paul said: "Look at the extent of God's wealth and how much he is very smart, and how thorough his knowledge is! It is impossible to see, and its methods cannot be seen! Probably you feel the same as Paul did.Rom. 11:33, 34.

2 Although we cannot know anything about him, we can know who he is. What shows that? King David told his son Solomon: "Do not try to know your father God and serve him with a complete heart. . . If you find out the way out, it will make you see it. (1Kro. 28:9) Centuries later, the apostles John told the brothers that they would be able to acquire knowledge of the deceased. (1 John. 5:20) Jesus himself also stated that he would help those who 'became the Father better.'Mat. 11:27.

3 All those who serve the Lord have already learnt about him. Nevertheless, there is always something we need to learn about God. (Cort. 17:3; see footnote.) For example, we can learn about him to make sure that he or she is happy and what will help us believe in him very well.

1. How do we feel when we take into account the extent to which Jehovah knows everything, and how many things he has done.

2. What shows that we can know who Jehovah is?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

In this study, we will consider three questions. We shall all help each one of us regardless of how many years we serve God to be familiar to him. The questions are: What shows that one knows the Lord? Why should we continue to know him better than we know? And how can we know him better?

WHAT DO THE ADOPTION OF ADOPTION?

What is one way we can come to know the Lord? The Jews who had been captive in Babylon and who would return to Israel were assured by God: "I shall give them a heart to know me, that I am the Lord." (Yer. 24:7) The Jews who returned from Babylon to Israel already knew about God. But when they returned from Babylon, they needed a great deal of friendship with God. A professor said: God shall be taught and will be completely known about getting to know him well to make a close friend with him. We can differentiate between a person who is reading a gender romance and a romantic person. Knowing what we are going to know that Jehovah is good, and that he is the God is not enough. We also need to know its beautiful beauty.

5 Another way we can know the Lord is, and we will learn what he wants and what he wants. Something that King Josiah did remind us of this. The Bible states that: "During his 8th year of rule, when he was underage, he began searching for the God of his father David. (2Kro. 34:3; Josiah learns more about God from the scripture, but he does not do it alone. He used the lessons he studied. It is not surprising, though, that Jehovah gave the prophet Jeremiah a letter that, Josiah was honest and just and fair, and he was very generous about the one who was in charge of the poor. Then, let's leave: Is this not what one knows?Yer. 22:15, 16.

6 Reading Song 9:10. If we have a good relationship with God, then we shall also believe in it. That has happened in the case of the Angel Paul. When he was imprisoned last and almost to be executed, he explained why he was not ashamed to suffer as a Christian. He wrote: I am not ashamed. For I know who I trust. (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul was very confident in Jehovah because he learned about the Lord and found out that he was helped by Him in many ways. He believed that, in any event, God would forget and resurrect him because he was loyal to him.

How can WE DO ADOPTION OF THE SYSTEDO? AND NOT IT ALL THE SYSTEMENT?

7 While we first learn about God, we learn a lot to learn about him so as to know as much about him as possible. But if we serve God for many years, we might not try to know him better than we know him. Why? Because when we read the Bible at home or at a meeting, we often think about how we can benefit from it and how it will help us or others. When we do that, because that is what the Bible encourages us to do. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) But the Bible also provides for us to know who the Lord is, and this is the most important thing to consider. (Article 25:8-10) Therefore, when reading the Bible, we should not imagine how we or others will get what we are reading in the Bible

4. What is one way we can know about God?

5. What do King Josiah's actions show about what is said to be known to someone about the Lord?

6. If we have a good relationship with God, what should we do? (Song 9:10)

7. If we serve God for many years, what may we do?

July 2026 15

only the back-up. We should also ask ourselves, "What does this make me know about God?

8 As we continue to learn about God and get to know him better, our friendship with him grows. For example, when you follow your plan to read the Bible on a daily basis, watch some of the JW Broadcasting programmes that occur monthly, attend the convention or convention, how do you feel about it? Usually, we feel that the friendship between us and our above dad is more severe. Why? Because we learn other aspects of himself besides what we already know, which motivates us to praise and thank him. Abuah thought of how much he loved God and said: "God is my rock and my salvation forever." (Read Song 73:2428.) The same is how we feel about it. Whenever we try to know God better than we know him, we see him as a kind friend, and that makes us appreciate his friendship with him very much.

The Bible tells us to think about God. (Sept 3:5, 6) What does that mean? What it means is to consider what things we have learned about him and how he feels about our actions. Doing so will help us make wise decisions. Here is something that can help us to understand this: Usually, many brothers place pictures of their husbands or wives in a table where they are sitting behind their office or putting them in their youthful hands or on board. That always reminds them of their husbands or wives, and it reminds them that they love them very much. And thus, they make decisions that make their husbands or wives happy, and they will not do anything to harm them. Similarly, when you often think about God, it is very easy to make decisions that will please him. Song 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah created us as it looks, so we can imitate him. (1 Mo. 1:26. While we continue to learn about the qualities of the Lord, we will see how to best learn from him. This is something that the scribes have done with the devil. They do not know the details of the Act. But Jesus said, they ignore the fundamental elements of the Constitution, which are justice and mercy and honesty. (Mat. 23:23) We should not act like them. Instead, we need to consider the implications of the laws and norms we learn about God. If we do that, then we will be able to learn from the goodness of God. 4:8, 11.

How DO WE DO ADOS OF THIS?

11 Who taught you about God? If your parents teach you about God, they may also tell you some information in the Bible or teach you about certain things he has created that made you realize his qualities. And when a member of the Jehovah's Witnesses who studied the Bible with you, he or she might have spent a lesson with you to earn Life Forever! The document. It helps you to take good care of the Bible and its truths that helped you see the beautiful qualities of God. * (Neh. 8:8; apostles. 14:17) Place of arrival

* See The Introduction of the Speech of God article 20 of the New World Translation.

8. How do we feel if we learn about God and know him well? (Song 73:24-28)

9. If we often think about God, what kind of decision do we make? Explain an example.

* Watch Your Life Forever! Article 5-7 of the document.

10. As we continue to learn about God, what will we do?

11. Who taught you about God?

16 CUU-Lon

If we consider things that are beautiful to us, we will know him better (See paragraph 15)

Now, we will consider how we can continue to learn about God.

12 First, if we study the word of God, we will know more about him. The Bible sometimes refers to the qualities of the Lord. (2Me. 34:6, 7) But the Bible often deals with issues of identity and decision-making of these people. If you read similar information, think carefully so you can learn something about God.

13 Let's take the report made at Jeremiah 38:6-13 as an example. This scripture shows that, the Ethiopian, had the prophet Jeremiah removed from a pit. No doubt, when you read this article, it is very easy to see that Ebed-My mom sacrificed, courageous, and lovingly loved the Christians and you would like to learn from him. But are you seeing some of the qualities of God in the case of Ebed-Hunge? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) For example, in Jeremiah 39:15-18, what do you see that Jehovah appreciated what we are doing for him? What other qualities of God do you see? Whenever you read a piece in God's Word, see if you see something in it, see if you see it as beautiful and thank it for its qualities.

14 Second, taking a closer look at the things that the Lord has created will enable us to learn something about God. (Article 145:9, 10) Therefore, we should not merely look at the things created by God, instead we should consider them carefully. People spend many years learning about animals, plants, and other things in nature, but they do not see that there is a God, he created these things, and he is beautiful. The Angel Paul wrote that the invisible qualities of God are clearly 'from the world so far, because these are identified by the things he has done.' (Rom. 1:20) This scripture is translated in a Bible that the ideal person can see the qualities of God.

1213. If we read the Bible, what can we learn about God? Explain an example. (Article 39:15-18) (See also the photo on the cover of the cover.)

14. Why should we be able to take good care of the things that are being done by God?

July 2026 17

That is why we should be able to take time to reflect on the extraordinary achievements of God and to make sure that we are concerned about him.

15 Most of us live in cities without many trees and animals. If you live in a country like this, how can you learn about God through natural means? "Every day I try to look at something that was created by God," said Patrick, who is based in Brazzaville, a big town in the Republic of the Congo. I often see insects such as ants and witches or birds looking for food or shelter. One day I saw birds parking in their house. They want the right things in the community to build a house for their young children. But Patrick didn't care about these birds; he was very concerned about the Creator. He said: "I've found that, even when it comes to his small creatures, it's too much. I've seen that, Jehovah cares about it. This has helped me to see that, it also cares for me, and always will help me to get the necessities.

Next 16: When we consider the various ways that the Lord has helped us, he will make us know him better. That's how Jesus' mother Maria did. He was very well known to be in honor of God. (Article 1:30) But at one point, he was asked by Jehovah to become his child's mother. This is an important thing and it is not easy to do. Through the angel Gabriel and Maria's relative Elizabeth, God assured her that she believed in him and would eat.

15. What does Patrick do to make him know Jehovah better? And how can you do something like that? (See also the picture.)

16. What helped Jesus' mother Mary to become better? And how can we learn from it? (See also the picture.)

If we consider the various ways that has helped us, we will know him better.

(See paragraph 16)

18 BUU-Lon

She helped him. Later on, Maria reflected on these things that the Lord did to help her and what causes her to know about God, and to make it clear that Jehovah is very influential, well-treating all people, and not even against those who are not respected. (Article 1:46-55) Mary appreciated what Jehovah did for her. Whenever Jehovah helps us, he does that in time, and we are very grateful. (Defense. 4:16) If you are helped by the Lord, ask yourself: What qualities has Jehovah shown to me in this matter?

ARTICLE OF THE SYSTE OF THE SYSTEMENT

In the new world, we shall learn more about God. He will give us new records that will show us how he wants us to live our lives. (Provincial. Also, 20:12, we are going to make sure that the environment is very dangerous and that we are going to learn more about it. (Yes. 11:6-9) We will also know about its new acquisitions.

For example, we will see when it will wake our friends and family. In addition, we will see how it can help us to be more productive.

18 always there is something we can learn about God. It is from time to time, so it is impossible to see. (Article 90:2; 147:5) We cannot get to know the work of the true God from the beginning to the end. (Jaj. 3:11) Therefore, regardless of how many years we have been in the truth, we have to continue to learn about our loving Father.

1718. Why is there always something we can learn about God?

The paper will not be destroyed by the WASIPI: Jeremiah is thrown in a hole, but Ebed-Dade takes the courage to rescue him. Page 18: A terrified Brother when he gets the show's attention is given to how much aid he was being able to do an event during a mid-week meeting.

How will you become an expert in the decision?

What shows that one knows the Lord?

Why should we continue to know him better than we know him?

How can we know him better?

ARTICLE 28 How to Be a Friend to Jehovah

SEPATE 28O CTOBER 4, 2026

Help the Learnr to know God

This is the eternal life, that they shall know you, the one true God. YOH. 17:3.

Section 79 Are Being Used, Let's Stand Up

What will we learn to help our students know about God and his qualities and things that please him.

How can you start a meeting with the Bible, begin to respond, begin to preach, and later get baptized? No doubt you will be happy! In fact, it is the Lord who helped him do these things, and we congratulate him for it.1 Kor. 3:5-9; 3 John. 3, 4.

2 God wants to " save all sorts of people" and "take full knowledge of the truth." (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Therefore, Jehovah wants people to know him better. Also, he wants people to know all the wonderful things he has done and what he will do in the future. (Yer. 9:24) unless these people have gained full knowledge to become a good record of the Lord and his intentions. What is pure knowledge? He is going farther than God's knowledge and knowledge. One Bible scholar explained that, the person who has acquired true knowledge does not try to do whatever he can to make a good relationship with God. When your Bible student gets to know God well, he changes his or her ways. And they have made this change, he hopes that he will get a eternal life. 17:3.

3 The Lord has given us some extraordinary commission. That's, we help people to get to know him. So, in this lesson, we will answer the following questions: Why should students get to know God better? How can we help them to see things pleasing to God? And how can we help them?

1. Do you see if your Bible student has started to worship God, how will you feel?

2. What does Jehovah want for Bible students? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What questions will we consider in this lesson?

20

How do they use their knowledge about the Lord in their life?

ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOS

4 Jesus said, the most important of the commandments is, and we shall love God with our whole heart, whole soul, whole mind, and whole our whole mother. (Read Mark 12:30.) The only way a student has come to know Jehovah before he or she will love him. A person who enters the Bible should dedicate themselves to God, not you, any teaching, or any congregation. So if you are studying the Bible with a person, your goal is, to help the person come to know and love God.

If you get to know and become acquainted with the Lord, he or she will also want to listen to him. A claim made by Jesus shows that. He said: "In order for the world to know that I love the Father, I am doing what the Father has promised me to do equally. (Cort. 14:31) Therefore, as Jesus did, if the person you learnt about the Bible really loves Jehovah, he or she will be willing to listen to him and listen to him.1 John. 5:3.

It is very easy to make good decisions to get to know the person you are studying. For example: When a person is curious about their wedding, it is not just someone who knows how to view him or herself with a video that he or she will just see and tell him that. Instead, he himself has to sit on his bike and do so several times until he or she is eligible. As he continues to sit on, he learns to sit in different areas, such as walking in the rocks or areas of the hill and mountain and valleys. Similarly, if the student is to know the Lord well, he or she needs to learn not only the material but also the decisions he or she needs to make, it should be based on the lessons he learned from the Bible. As he continues to do that and finds things going well in his life, it will make him know God better. And as he continues to know God better, he sees that he is backing him up, describing how to make wise decisions regardless of what circumstances he will face.

A report found in the Bible highlights this. Joseph's wife Po-tifar was once trying to have sex with him, but Yo-sef disagreed. What helped Joseph to do that? She is very familiar with the Lord. No doubt when he was young he was told that when he planted Adam, he gave him one wife, Eve. And it was also clear that he was told what happened when a man tried to take Abraham's wife Sara. (1 Mo. 2:24; 20:3, 6) This helped her to see the heart of the Lord's character in relation to marriage and the environment. Joseph gets to know God so well that when he repeatedly tries to have sex with his wife, he does not make it. He even told this lady: "How can I do this great evil, and I shall make a sin against God?" (1 Mo. 39:7-9) Joseph knows what the Lord wants and what he wants. He was aware of what happened when he didn't hurt God, which helped him make good decisions. Therefore, if we help our learners to get to know Jehovah well, they have come to know the goods that please him and the things he does not please, when there is a need to make a decision, they will make a decision that will please Him.

THE SYSTEPTION OF THE SYSTEMPTIONS AND THE PROPTION OF THE SERIPTIONS

8 How can you help a learner to become something that is pleasing to the face of God and things.

4. When you are studying a Bible with a person, what should your goal be? (Marko 12:30)

5. What would you want to do if your Bible student really loved Jehovah?

6. Besides learning about God, what else will you make the person know better? How can he be helped to make good decisions?

7. How did Joseph's familiarity with Joseph help him to make good decisions?

8. How can you attain Life Forever! the book will help the learningr to come to know Jehovah?

July 2026 21

Hard Questions Us Show

The questions for your Life have been set to Live Forever! The book is ready to gradually help the person we learn to become better. Here are some of these questions:

How does Jehovah detect people who spread the good news? (Article 21)

What do you learn about God and Jesus that lets you see as they are going to justice [at Armageddon]? (Article 33)

How does it feel if you keep your hope and listen to the Lord? Why does he feel that way? (Article 34)

If we try to tell the truth even when doing that is difficult for us, how will Jehovah feel? (Article 36)

If we marry a person who doesn't love Jehovah, how will he feel? (Article 42)

How does the way that Jehovah treats offenders show that he understands, feels sorry, and loves? (Article 57)

and didn't please him? You need to interview your children about how to think about God. Why do we say that? At one time, the Lord did not ask for more than 50 pieces of information, which helped Job to become more acquainted with God. (Article 38:141:34) Questions for You Live Forever! The book is intended to gradually help the learning user to become aware of what is pleasing to him and what is not pleasing to him. (See the boxback, Incident Questions We Show.) Therefore, you can ask these questions to help the person you learn to become Jehovah.

9 When we begin to study the Bible with someone, we encourage him to read the Bible daily. * How can we help the person to know how to know God better while reading the Bible? We can advise him that, whenever he read something in the Bible, he thought about why God made it into the Bible and what qualities of God that make him feel. James did something exactly the same. When he was talking about the case of Job, he did not only talk about how he endured. Instead, he also said that, the account of his death shows that, he is very compassionate and compassionate.Read James 5:11.

10 What we desire is, whenever the person we learn about reading a story in the Bible, that story will make him or her see what is pleasing to the face and what is not pleasing to him. For example, the person you study tells you, looking at the parentheck "Reading the Bible" in Your Life Forever! the book, which it would like to try-

* When Your Life Is Killed Forever! Pursuant to the study 05 of the book, the student is told: Watch the section of this book titled, The reading of the Bible in order to be able to read the Bible daily.

910. (a) What will help learners to know how to best know Jehovah when reading the Bible? (Article 5:11) (b) If the learner chooses to read Daniel's story, what questions can he or she ask himself to see what is pleasing and pleasing to the face of God?

Help the person you learn to read a message in the Bible and it is hard for him to understand, remember how he knows Jehovah for him (See section 12-13)

Daniel is in the village case of the lion. When he tells you that, you can encourage him to discuss the matter with the following questions: Why did God save Daniel? What brings me this issue to know about what is pleasing to God? (Dan. 6:10, 22) He might also ask himself: What happened to those who blamed Daniel? What do I see in this case as to what is not acceptable to the Lord? (Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) You can also advise him to consider other things he can learn about Ye-harm from that.Dan. 6:26, 27.

We are excited when we see the person we are studying taking advantage of the study. But we should help him to see that, the children he is learning from God, Teacher Teacher, (Yes. 30:20, 21) Probably thank you for what he is learning and may praise you for how you teach. If he does this he has not made a mistake. But at all times, we have to make it known that, it is the Lord who has to praise it and thank it for the things he is learning because he is the one who teaches it all that.

THE SYSTEMPTION FOR WHAT YOU WANT TO THE SYSTEPTION

12 unless the learner has taken advantage of the things he learnt about God, he or she shall be able to benefit from them. So how can you help him to use what he is learning? One way to do that is, you will help him to read something in the Bible that is very difficult for him to understand, remember how he knew Jehovah. For example, when reading some of the things that the Lord did in the past, he might have been ashamed of bringing some people to life. When it happens like that, how can you help him to reach the right conclusion?

13 You can encourage the learner to think about the things he already knows about

11. How can we help our learning and discover that Jehovah teaches us?

1213. How can a person who gets to know God well? How can it help him to read a message in the Bible and it is very difficult for him to understand? (See also the picture.)

July 2026

23

on. For example, he could ask himself, "How does Jehovah see our lives? (2 Pet. 3:9) Although we are sinful, what is Jehovah's offering to save our lives? (Efe. 2:4, 5) Does God punish innocent people? But what if someone has something to do to get punish? Is it ignored? (2Me. 34:6, 7) The Bible sometimes makes no mention of any information as to how we can better understand the decisions made by the Lord on that issue. But we do not need to know the details of the case because we know our God, and we know he is always right.

14 Here is another way you can help your student to learn about what he or she has learned about God. Imagine that, he will attend meetings, but a brother in the congregation is irritated. Maybe the sibling has done something.

14. How can you help the brother in the future?

Help the person you learn to know how to make decisions that please God (See article 15-16)

She was very disturbed. You should encourage him to consider how Jehovah sees the brothers. For example, he could ask himself, 'What is the sacrifice of God' to find out that he loved us? (Cort. 3:16) How does Jehovah see the union between his servants? (Article 133:1) How does it feel when we try to keep this type of development alive? (2 Kor. 13:11) Help her to see that when we focus on the good qualities of others rather than our heart, it is fun to him.

15 Here is another way you can help your student to learn what he or she has learnt about God. Imagine, she is going to make an important decision. How can you help him? You can direct your attention to Life Forever! Issue 35 of the book entitled How We Make Good Decisions. But when he is praying, he searches for it but still doesn't see what decision he should make on the matter? It is likely that the biblical values it has found are sufficient, and therefore, it does not see any of the details of the case properly. You can ask him to discuss how Jesus reacted. What leads Jesus to make a decision? He said: I always do the right thing [my Father's face]. (Read John 8:29.) We encouraged him to ask himself, "If I look at what I've seen when I was searching for and what I learned about God, what decisions do I make when making a decision?" Let him know that, whatever decision will please the Lord, it is a good decision.

At one point, a woman in Chile who was studying the Bible with her was required to make a significant decision. Her relatives forced her to take a job that would be very rewarded. But there is a problem with the project. If it hold it inside it will come-

1516. (a) When a learner has to make an important decision, how can he or she learn from Jesus? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help the learner to make good decisions? (See also the picture.)

24 BUBI-Lon

Assembly meetings were interrupted. Marianne, who is the one studying with this woman, said: "I encouraged her to consider how Jehovah would feel about her decision; would she be happy or would she be happy?" Also, I encourage him to pray for the matter and see his answer. What decision did he make? Marianne continued: "He explained the work, and soon after, he got a job that prevented him from holding meetings." Note that, Marianne didn't say to the woman what she did, but he helped her think about the things she already knew about God. This made the relationship between the woman and the Lord very important. Marianne said of her Bible student: "I have come to know, that, Jehovah cares about those who don't take his religion seriously."

ADOPTION OF THEDOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTIONS

17 when we study the Bible with people, they learn a lot of important things. For example, they know what will happen to anyone, why Jesus will die for us and what the Kingdom of God will do.

17. What is the most important thing that we need to know from the Bible?

Also, they come across things concerning the organization, such as how we are attending meetings, the role of the elders, and the role of the steering body. But it's not just this information that they should know. It is very important to have a good relationship with God.

18 is our great privilege to help people get to know God. Today, we get to know and serve God with people, highlighting their happiness in life. (Article 25:12-15) And in the future all those who acquire knowledge of the Lord, the God, shall enjoy happiness and will live indefinitely. (1 John. 5:20) But these are not the only ones they will receive. The Bible shows that, all those who try to become and love God, they are wise. (1 Kor. 8: Yes, God Almighty cares about us and sees us as his friends. This is a very wonderful blessing for those who come to know the same true God!

18. Of what benefit are those who come to know the Lord?

Version 24: This licence is helping us to portray the person who Marianne is studying and get rid of the project.

How will you become an expert in the decision?

Why should a person who learns should come to know God better?

How can you help your student to see things pleasing to him or her?

How can you help a student to use what he or she know about God?

ARTICLE 84 Let's Present

EXPTION OF THE OPTION

Jehovah's Way of Train Me

A MINOR shall be imprisoned

MY day I started working at the post-registries in Brooklyn Bethel, New York, USA. When I got to the point where the documents were being posted, I was surprised by the operation and circulation of the electronic signature. The machines have caused dust in the air, and the oil in the vans have captured all over the area.

I got a lot of things there, but one of my most mind was that of the workers. I saw the young brothers working hard to do. Although what they were doing was not seen, they were nevertheless grateful for the work they were doing and were happy. Their example allowed me to see how humble we are serving God.

In recent years, I have continued to train me to serve him well. Before I happen, however, let me tell you how I wanted to see the truth when I was in Buddhism.

I look forward to SYSTE BINORS FOR ADOPTION AND NOT REPTION

I was born in Chicago, Illinois, in the US. I have three siblings, and I am a senior. My parents used to be in Japan, but they thought the United States would make them comfortable, so they left for it. Also, they want their children to go to good school and succeed in life.

My parents didn't play with the Buddhist religion at all. For example, the house where my mother grew up, there is a Buddhist church. His two brothers and his father served as Buddhist priests. For this reason, too, as I grew up, I didn't play the Buddhist religion at all. When I come from school, the first thing I do is to bake some medicine for our BAdha statue, and we make it rice and water. When it comes to Sunday, we go to a Buddhist church where we worship the statue. This statue is greater than ours, and gold has been donated to every place.

I remember, once I was about 7 years old, I came to appreciate the Buddhist statue of our house, and I asked myself, 'If I die, where do I go?' I have learned that when I die I have become a spirit, and I live in a spirit world. This made me realize that some time will end my life as a human, and even if I am a spirit, I can no longer do any of the things that humans do. This made me very grateful and I felt that I couldn't do anything about my life.

At the age of 15, I felt that it was pointless to participate in Buddhist rituals. I saw that it was something that I didn't know. (Mat. 5:3) I believe there is a very powerful God, and I want to know him. I told myself, the Bible will come-

26 BUBI-Lon

You answer questions about God, life, and death. So I bought a old King James Version Bible. Do you know where to buy it? I bought it under a Buddhist influence; I'm not sure whether a Bible will be sold somewhere like that.

When I was 17 years old, I recall that one day I was just meeting my dog along the way, but a man approached me. This man is called Wilson Bashou. He asked me, 'Do you know what God promised us in the future?' This question prompted us to consider some of the scriptures. Wilson read the article 1:1 and asked me, What exactly do so many of the menarche sat on? But I can't show it. Then he read the 15 paragraph for me. There, it is said that the water represents people. I have told my story how when the Jehovah's Witnesses read a hard scripture, they cross it with other scriptures so that it can be understood. When he was telling the story, Wilson gave me a book, The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life. That blue paper completely changed my life.

Ten days later, I first attended a meeting in the Imperial Hall. I will never forget how the brothers welcomed me. I have never looked back on me since that day. Wilson and I later began studying the Bible. I have been so excited about the Bible I am learning that, sometimes, we study for a period of eight hours. This affected my parents greatly, and they tried to keep me from learning. But when I continued to study, I strongly believed that this is the truth. So, in 1983, I was put on hold.

ADOPTIONS PROPTIONS FOR ADOPTION FOR ADOPTIONS

At the time of my baptism, I was attending a university which was very popular to become a doctor. My parents donated a lot so that I can attend this school. I could go until I finished it, but I wanted to serve God with all my mother and all my time.

My father once told me, "If you cease to go to the university, I will drop you away from home!" I was devastated and distressed by this. I love my parents very much, and I don't want to do anything to destroy them. So, I wouldn't go out to the school pitch when I cry to I'm saying, 'So, please help me see what I'm going to do.' Now, when I decided to no longer sit at the university, my father threw me away from the house. I knocked on the chairman Bashou and told him what had happened. He told me that I can keep it next to him. I set up all my belongings in a bag and cut a car to the point. I feel like a big burden has come out of me. I saw that I made a good decision.

I felt like a bird who has lost a job! Now, I can spend my whole life serving God without distractions. So, in 1984, I launched the pioneering project.

As I serve as a pioneer, I have gained a lot of positive qualities from him. For example, it has helped me to avoid feeling discouraged when things go wrong. I once saw no one go to the afternoon, so I was worried that I was looking for a place to sit, but I tried to get away with it. When I had been speaking for almost two hours, I said in my head, I would just go to a square.

With Wilson Bashou, the authenticator

July 2026 27

We are going to unveil some tourist attractions at Brooklyn University.

With Michiko Oda and her husband

After that, I gave up. I was tired, anxious, and it seemed like a rain. I asked myself, 'You have forgotten?' As I climbed into the tower, I met a young man from the Philippines. I told myself, 'I'm sure I'm going to go about it.' Don't wait again, this isn't the case! I started studying the Bible with her and later came to the truth.

I WILL BE ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

After two years of living with Wilson, I was invited to serve at Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As I have spoken back, let me work at the polling station. Some time I was working with a car, I did something I shouldn't have done. This led to the loss of paperback and the need to dispose of it. The brothers told us what happened to our supervisor. I went and explained the details of what happened, but I had something to do. Therefore, our director gently reminded me, "It is always good to forgive your opinion." So on that same day, I learned that, I made a mistake, I needed to approve and apologize.

Also, the poor performance of the older brothers at work taught me how to serve others better. One day, Brother Milton Henschel, who was the shareholder of the Directive Party, sat on our table for lunch. On that day, more people were fed than the brothers were expecting, which led to the loss of food distributions. We, the young men who sat around the table, began to complain because of how late the food has been. While we were going to find it, his wife was proud of her, and she joined the food distributors. I never forget how humble and serve God. This made me remember how Jesus served his apostles. 13:3-5.

ESSION OF THE KINGDOM!

In 1987, I travelled to Japan. I have told the brothers how hard they are to be humble. I wish to help them with their work, but the problem is, I don't hear the Japanese language. I was cared for by a sister in Bethel, Michiko Oda

28 BUU-Lon

and he told me, You should study the Japanese language! And that's exactly what I did. But you know nothing, don't know that this advice will help me in the future.

Within a few months, I moved to a Japanese-language congregation in New York. Learning the language of Japan enabled me to serve God in a variety of ways. In 1989, I attended a Japanese-language regional conference in Los Angeles, California. It was the first regional conference I attended in Japanese. My sister is a pioneer called Owami who is among the performers.

I married Miwako in 1992, and he was added to his service at Brooklyn University. My mind is very sensitive, he has always had a sense of pride and an opportunity to help others. I am studying how to treat people well . I see it as a gift from God, and it always makes me happy.

ARTICLE FOR THE CAPTION OF THEDOPTION OF THEDOPTION

Some time later, there was severe cases of infections in Mawako's parents who were then living in Japan. So, let us go to work at the Japanese branch to get closer to them and be able to look at them. We appreciated the affection that has been shown to us. We were going there in 1999.

The presence of the family in Japan kept us alive, and the environment gradually came to an end. The brothers in Japan have a number of virtues. Some of them are, they are very arrogant, and they also make a big difference, and I have learned these characteristics. They are working hard and don't have any distractions. Also, they know how to work together. Do you know why I am saying that? The Japanese find that it is better for one to work together rather than one person to make a mistake for himself. I saw this good quality as it is very good to introduce myself to work with others, and also to appreciate the little that I can do to make it possible for us to fulfill God's intentions.

Nevertheless, because of the location where I was raised, sometimes I don't understand how they handled certain issues. I need to be patient and not give up some of their activities.

On the day we got married.

I am tired. Over time I changed the way I see some of their practices, and I came to realize that working together with the instructions we get through through our congregation will make every decision we make a success. This is because, it is the Lord who makes the work us do the best.

I often compare my education at Bethel with the training received by Moses. Moses served as a shepherd for 40 years, and through which he helped him to humble himself. Both I and him, we have learned to write a letter in advance. With the help of my education, I proud of myself and I depend on myself. But it made me feel like I have to trust in and depend on God. Jehovah was patient and disciplined, and he has done the same in my case in all recent years.

I spent almost 24 years caring for my parents until they died. As we look at them, we usually call them with doctors who are caring for them. Sometimes their condition changes, causing us to become anxious.

July 2026 29

Also, we go to the hospital very often. Masako, Miwako's mother, was so worried that she got to a point where it was even hard to walk. This made it very hard for him to attend the meetings and presentations. A few weeks prior to his death, he began to ride as a wheelchair. In all these situations, his love for the Lord is weak. Whenever he was talking about the truth, he was not happy. Regardless of what circumstances Masako will go through, he is not overly patient and also loses his interest, and this is very encouraging.

In 2024, our life changed considerably. After serving for more than 30 years in Bethel, we were given an option to serve as special pioneers. Now, we are serving as special pioneers on a island called Okinawa, and we witness the families in a nearby military camp. Training at Bethel helps us to be able to adapt to this new situation more effectively. We properly plan our time. And in order to spend our time working properly, we pay more attention to the ministry of the church and work diligently. Jehovah has called us Bible students who have become like our family. We know that it is very important to love people. But now, the context of what we mean makes this reality even more clear. I am permanently thanking God for the extraordinary task he has given to us.

I WILL BE ADOPTION OF MY ININT, ADOSTION OF MY MINORs

My family members have no longer opposed me, but they have also become Christians. But Jesus promised that those who leave their families to become his disciples, would have 100 times as many as their relatives. (Mar. 10:29, 30) This has happened in my case. I can read all the families that are on our way back worldwide and express affection for me to treat me like their families.

I still have the Truth book that Wilson gave to me in my garden. That blue book reminds me of how well Jehovah treated me and made me know him. (1Kro. 28:9. I am determined to keep on training to the Lord. I am also determined to help people learn the truth that will bring them life.

I am working on the Japanese branch

I am playing in Okinawa with Miwako.

30 CUBI-Lon

I'll Get Out Fast!

Have you ever been wronged by a sibling so much that, now, there is a breakdown in you? Then you should take action quickly to prepare for it, and you should do that with good intentions. *

When relationships are broken, they can be compared to a broken husband. Updating a husband's hospital promptly and treating it will slow down the stress. But if it is not rolled out, it will continue to affect the person. And worse, it can cause the person to lose weight.

Just as a husband's association should be treated quickly, so when there is a problem with friends, they should react quickly to it so that they are not reconciled. If not, the problem will be severe, and the friends will be so angry that their differences will be broken. Jesus said: Don't settle your issue with you earlier. (Mat. 5:25) So talk to your friend in a calm and calm manner, and say to him how you feel. However, it may not be easy to do so. Why? Here are two reasons why it is not easy for you to do that.

First, you may not be worried about the problem, because it is a mistake to talk about it. That has happened in the case of two Christian women who are being lazy. They stayed at the time of the apostles of Jesus. The conflict between them seems to have been delayed because the angel Paul who was then in Rome as early as

* If a sibling has offended you but what he has done is not very serious, you have to talk to him about the pardon. (Mat. 5:23, 24) If the thing he did is serious, then you can ask the elders to help you. (Mat. 18:17) But unless you have used the statement made on Matthew 18:15, 16 but it is not sufficient for you to persuade the elders to help you.

#If you have been wronged by a sibling but you have not wronged one another, you should just take it down.Septead 2620.

Even water. Therefore, he urged them to reconcile. (Fip. 4:2) What will help them to fix their differences? If they wake up, talk about the matter calm and calm it up, and talk to each other with them, they will make a friend again.

Second, you may feel that your friend has not acted normally, and therefore he should come to you and plead with you that he has wronged you. But if there is a problem between friends, finding the right and wrong is not a matter, keeping the friendship up is what's needed. When a person bows to the hospital, the doctor does not want to know the details of what happened to her husband, instead he does everything he can to treat the husband. Therefore, when there is a problem with a friend and you talk about it, don't concentrate on who caused the problem. Instead, focus on how you are not taking care of your friendship and how you are to make a friend again.

So if there is a problem with a friend, see if you are going to get along with it, it is very good for me to see if you are going to go to it today and you are going to get rid of it? The Bible states: "Don't put up a sunset when you're still angry." (Efe. 4:26) By doing so, you will mean that you are trying to keep the same peace as the one that supports you to be united. 4:1-3.

July 2026 31

BUNA-SEREERERE IN ALL ADAFI July 2026 Vol. 147, No. 7 GA

BUNBI-SESSIONS

Article for September 7-13 2

Impacts We Can Learn From the Walkers

Article for September 14-20 8

The Book of the Book of the Book can be of comfort to you.

Article for September 21-27 14

Keep Learning about God so as to know him better

Article for September 28October 4 20

Help the Learnr to know God

EXPTION 26

Jehovah's Way of Train Me

I'll Get Out Fast! 31

NISTIPTION

How can you respond to the healthy questions?

Whenever we go to the meeting, we get an opportunity to encourage our brothers by giving a reply. (Defense. 10:24, 25) What will we do to answer questions that help us sleep?

• Pray to Him. Ask him to help you so you can answer a question that will encourage us, and also strengthen the brothers.Song 35:18.

• Try not to read the answer directly from the paper. If you understand the issue from how you can respond, the brothers will see how you trust in and will benefit from it.

• shorten your reply briefly. Usually, the simple and short answer is rather one that is very helpful. Also, if we don't say anything in the fictional story, others will have the right to speak.Septeter 10:19.

• Make your answer constructive. Try not to say anything to the brothers when you are answering but not speaking to them too.

Even if you are not named, you can still encourage the brothers. You can listen to them very well as they say, so that you can later let them know what you have not heard about their response.Septe 10:21.

This form has not been sold. It is part of a global Bible education initiative supported by voluntary donations. If you want to make a donation, please attendww.four.org.

Unsigned texts are from the Holy See.

The Sip (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2022 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J3484, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

visit the brain.org website, or this symbol

JW.ORG ®

w26.07-GA