SEPTEMBER 2026

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

ADESUATIONS: NOVEMBER 2–DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOWMBER 2-8, 2026

DOM 3 Our Strength, Our Hope and Our Trust

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

Why can we be sure that God will protect us today and the future?

Be assured that God will protect You

“You remember: ‘I am my refuge’—DW. 91:9.

At the end of the term, we have but a few things to come, and the world is soon to come to an end. Some big events will happen in the future and the world will shake. The Lord will put in the heart of the nations his “means” to provide the “seeds of his kingdom” that he stands for the United Nations. * (Revenge. 17:17) Then, these authorized monsters, together with all the world's governments, will be unified; all falsehoods around the world will be forced to eliminate it for its complete defeat. (Revenge. 17:16) That will be the beginning of the great tribulation. After that, what will happen?

2 Other big cases will also be followed. Nations in the world will come together to attack and attack on Jehovah's people. (Hes. 38:14-16) Why against? Documents Listed True Service—Renewed by Jehovah! “The enemy will continue to push the nations away, and they will aim to exterminate the servants of the Lord, and to wipe away true religion completely from the face of the earth,” he says. That is what will happen next to the end of the war on earth. The crowd of heaven, along with the crowd of 144,000 who are asleep in Jesus, will rid the world of evil, and rescue us into the new world.—evident. 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

3 The world of Jesus and the army of heaven will destroy it

* See “Question From Readers” of the November 2025 Guardian-Government.

1-2. What big news shall soon dry up the world?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

Armageddon, should it scare us? No! No! Why is it? For he has promised us he will protect us. That pledge is in the form of Volume 91:7. “A quarrel will happen to you, and he will tie your right arm, but it will not be yours,” it says. Let us take a closer look at Volume 91, and answer the following questions: What are the protections mentioned by the 91? Today, how does God protect us? In the future, how will he protect us? Before we answer those questions, let’s first look at how long the 91st song has been.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS COURTSHIP IN DAGBANE

4 The text in the 91st edition of the book, summarizes: We can be sure that God will protect his people. One and the other make it clear that anyone who trusts in God will also be found out. (Readings 91:1, 2) You must ensure that you are under the control of the Almighty, the Most High, who is protecting you. What's more than that? (Rut 2:12; Dw. 17:8) The terms “havenship” and “externship” remind us of how in the past a wall was built around a town to protect the town and its inhabitants. The residents of rural areas too, if attacked by enemies, fled to the town for security. Look at the following passages, too, at the protection and protection of his people, the musician gives us examples to able to imagine. 91:3-13.

5 The last words in the 91st edition of the song,

4. What does the 91:1, 2 p.m. assure us that God will protect us?

5-6. Of what importance is the Lord's promise to us in the novels 91:14-16, and of what can we be sure?

It's a very sad thing. There, it is not the musician who talks about how God will protect us. Instead, it is actually the one Jehovah is guaranteeing protection for his servants. (Readings 91:14-16.) For example, note the following words: “I will take over,” “I will defend,” “I will take over, “I will stand by him,” and “I will keep him in peace.” He has promised to save his people, because they trust him, know his name, and call him by name. We can take this pledge from God. (Yos. 23:14) If God says he will protect his people, it is not a curse or an anonymity, because he is the 23:19.

6 Jehovah is the one who gave us the information in the 91st edition of the book, because he knows that it will help us to trust him to protect us. (Roman. 15:4) So the next word of the musician, we can also say to the Lord: “You are with me in my place and with my side.” (Dw. 91:2) Then, what protection can we expect that God will provide for us?

How is it that song 91 says that we will be given the protection that God gives us?

7 Our books explain that, the 91st is a promise to God to protect us spiritually. We can be sure that whatever we need to continue working with him, he will save us. However, is this song only about spiritual protection? No. This song also warns us that if our enemies attack us, God will never allow them to destroy all of his servants. Instead, he will protect us physically, and will keep us safe. Why are we saying that?

7. What protection does the 91st Asamoah offer us?

SEPTEMBER 2026

3

8 Satan quoted from Volume 91:11, 12 in order to tempt Jesus that if he had left his way from the top of the temple, he would send angels to protect him from harm. When he said that, let’s look at the answers Jesus gave him. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.) Jesus did not say: 'The Satan is helping! That text doesn't mean that God will protect me and that nothing has happened to me or to me. Instead, Jesus said: "Thank your God for coming." What can we learn from Jesus' answer to Satan?

9 Jesus knew that if enemies wanted to harm God's people, at times he would let his angels protect them. (2 Ache. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) Jesus knew that if he were to throw a stone at his life, he could not expect that God would make angels protect him. The Satanic exception to the text in the 91st Amendment to the physical protection of his servants is true. However, it was quite wrong to ask Jesus to give his life as a game and try to please God. * Jesus' reply to Satan helps us understand the meaning of the 91st James, thus, that the Lord will protect his people from enemies. Besides, everything we need to ensure that our relationships do not get damaged, give it to us, and keep us at peace.

10 Pledges to God in the 91st Book

* In the past, our books stated that the article in the 91st edition of the document concerned the commitment of the Lord to spiritual protection. It also explained that, the text in the 91st edition of the text, says, is a promise made by God to protect his servants from harm or harm. See the Guardian-Government of Decem-era 1, 1974, the English version, p. 722.

8-9. When Jesus was tempted by Satan, what was Jesus' reply to him, and what can we learn from Jesus's answer? (Mateo 4:5-7)

10. What kind of trust do we have?

It strengthens our trust in him. We strongly believe that anyone who puts his trust in God and makes him his refuge and protection, will also be found. Therefore, the great and long-term problems that will occur in the future should not be terrorized. Let’s think about how he cares for us today and how he will protect us in the future.

How does he protect us today?

11 Jehovah protect us spiritually. This means that, whatever happens to us, we are helped to fight off this cantankers. For example, we always need to fight against our vices. As evil forces can harm us, so much so much so. (Roman. 6:16; 7:21-23) Ways by which the Lord helps us to fight the sin, let us consider some of them.

12 Jehovah has given us his word the Bible. The Bible warns us against bad desires, and it also warns us against what we do. For example, as discussed by Jesus at 5:28, 29. (Read.) There Jesus said: "Anyone who continues to look at a woman for her has already committed adultery with her in the heart." What do we learn from this account?

13 If we take a picture of pornography, it will give us a bad picture. If that happens and we face a test for rape, it'll be very easy to get rid of us. (Yak. 1:14, 15) To resist such bad desires, Jesus' advice that, "If your right eye is turning you short, move and throw away" is to be hurry to work. A scholar on the Bible said that, it is possible to get rid of a serious disease.

11. What kind of protection does God provide?

12-13. What will help us fight against bad desires? (Mateo 5:28, 29)

4

OWN-ABAN

Through his congregation, he lets us receive books, videos, and more that help us to keep our relationships clean (See paragraph 15)

inside. Therefore, we need to take any snapshots of pornography in our ways, as if we were being vaccinated. (Coll. 3:5) Exercise of this advice protects our relationship with Jehovah.

14 Jehovah gives us his holy spirit. By means of his holy spirit, he can help us fight off evil. If we continue to ask him for holy spirit, he will give it to us. (Luca 11:9-13) What does holy spirit help us? “ Keep walking according to the spirit, and it will never allow you to follow the desires of the flesh,” the Paul said. (Gal. 5:16) The study of this verse in the English Bible explains: "A person walking by spirit seeks the guidance of God's holy spirit, and gives it control over his thoughts and actions. Even though he can have evil desires, he cannot control them at all; he gets away from his mind quickly.” The spirit of God does not remove bad desires, but it can give us strength to do what is right, and bad desires do not control us. That will keep us in a closer relationship with him.

15 Jehovah supports us through his people. Through his congregation, he lets us receive books, videos, and more in time. This will help us keep our distance from him. Because we buy sin and sin against ourselves, sometimes we have made a mistake.

14. What does the holy spirit help us?

15. How does God help us keep our relationship with him clean? (See also picture.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 5

It can make us train. At times, we may feel that no one takes care of us. At times, too, stress can force us to do something wrong. Satan, “the tempter,” will continue to make us feel that worship of God is too difficult, so let’s stop. (Mat. 4:3; 6:13) The church of Jehovah has given us plenty of spiritual food to know that he pardons, is precious to him, and convinces us that the promise he has made to ensure that what we need is adhered to. (Dw. 86:5; Mat. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Remember a time when you read something in the church book, or watch a video that touched your heart to say, 'This is what they did for me'? Remember, that, we are not cut short by God’s permission, and we are not cut short.

16 Jehovah protects his servants so that we can't be defeated by our enemies. However, sometimes God allows enemies to oppose us, and some of us may even be killed, so that Satan may appear to be a liar. (Revenge. 2:10; 6:9) But few of our brothers who have been killed by the enemy are few to him by Satan. Asamoah's anger is not small, and he is kind to all the faithful servants of God. (Mat. 00:009; Disciplinary. 12:9-12) But that will never happen! We strongly believe that his angels protect us from enemies attacking us, so that we can continue to offer him pure worship. 1:7, 14.

17 The problems that the ministers of the Lord face as an individual are not all that he protects us from. When we live by biblical principles, it protects us from many things that can harm us, and it helps us to prevent some of the challenges we face. (Mmeb. 14:29, 30: 22:3; 2 Kor. 7:1) But at this point, there is nothing wrong with our hope that the Lord will remove us from it. Because Satan has said that, “it is because of God that we worship him. So if we are to be saved by God through thick and thin, it will convince people and angels that Satan's lies are true. (Hioob 1:10, 11) Those who cause problems with his servants have been “absolutely patient,” because he wants to hear his name and makes everyone aware that Satan is a liar. (Roman. 9:22) But it will not be long-lasting in its year; very soon, the Lord will be with her for the end of the problem. Until that day, he will give us the strength needed to endure any challenges we need, and we will not lose our relationship with him.—1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

How will he protect us in the future?

18 If the great tribulation breaks out, then Jehovah will continue to protect his people spiritually. What about physically? Will he protect us? If the nations come together against the ministers of the Lord, he will not tolerate torture. (Hes. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Instead, he will let Jesus Christ and his army in heaven destroy our enemies. That will be the source of the war on the battle of Armagedon. (Revenge. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah protect his people at Armagedon?

19 Destruction to the enemies of the Lord at Armgedon should not be a threat to us. Why is it? For, we are taking advantage of our environment and our challenges. So we can

16. (a) What kind of testing does the Lord allow some of his servants to pass through? (b) What does Jehovah do for his servants?

17. Why don't we expect that every problem we'll have is broken?

18. How will God protect us in the future?

19-20. Destruction to the enemies of the Lord at Armedon, why shouldn't it scare us? (See also front image.)

6

OWN-ABAN

If Jesus and his army in heaven are about to destroy this world at Armagedon, one of God's enemies, even one of God's enemies, will appear. But at that time, because we trust in God, he will not allow even one of our enemies to kill us.

it has been very confident that if Jesus and his divine forces are destroying this world at Armagedon, not one of God's enemies will show up. (Yes. 15:33; Sak. 14:12) But at that time, because we trust in the heart of God, if our enemies are evil spirits or, if they are people, he will not allow them to kill one of us.—Luca 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

20 At Armagedon, the words that God-fearing-people sang to may come true to our sight. He shouted: “There will be an agreement between you and him, and he will be sitting at your right hand, but it will not be yours. You'll look at it with your eyes closed, and you'll see the punishment of criminals. Because you said: 'You are my refuge,' you have made the Most High your dwelling. (Dw. 91:7-9) When the battle of Armagedon begins, we believe that God will protect us both physically and physically, and will also ensure peace. Because you say: “He is my refuge,” Jehovah has promised you, “it will not be close to you.” So don't let us be afraid of what'll happen forever. If we continue to trust in him and it happens that even if we are precious, he will protect us.

Mobile phones: When it comes to Ar-magedon, we will not be injured or anything will happen to us, and he will also make us safe.

How Would You Answer?

Of what protection is the 91st song to be given to us by God?

How does God protect us today?

How will God protect us in the future?

DOM 8 Jehovah and Our Refuge

NOVEMBER 9-15, 2026

DOM 36 We Protect the Heart

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

What will help us to obey him from the heart.

How to Listen to Jehovah with All our heart

'Be obedient from the heart'—ROM. 6:17.

If there are some people who would accept an egg to an adult or an adult, it would be against them. Others, if found out that people were looking at them, or would obey their laws and regulations. The religious leaders of Jesus' time were in this position, pretending to observe the law of God in order to receive the honor of being a people. Today, too, there are some. (Mat. 23:5) But for us, the reason why we obey him, one thing is that, his instructions help us in all three ways. (Yes. 48:17, 18) But there is something else, that is why we pay attention to God.

2 The main reason we pay attention to God is that we love him dearly. (Mat. 22:37, 38) Out of love for him, 'we are obedient from our heart' to him. (Roman. 6:17) So the direction that God gives us, whether we live, whether we live or not, whether we are looking at us or not, we follow it, because we love him. But the fact is that we are heartless and that is not always easy for us to follow Jehovah’s instructions. In this article, we will look at two Bible examples that will help us to understand him from the heart forever. We will first look at how the Israelites reacted when they were captured from Egypt by God. After that, we will look at some beautiful example of King Jehoshaphat of Judah.

OSETIE was made but later was made to succeed

3 Before he saved the sons of Israel from Egypt, he gave them a directive that could have been difficult for them as

1. What causes some to listen to officials or authorities?

2. What is the main reason for our listening to God?

3. How could it have been difficult for them to obey the instructions given to the Israelites to put their heads on blood? (See also picture.)

8

Despite the potential anger of the Egyptians, the people of Israel followed the command of the true God (see verse 3).

compliance. To prevent some of the tenth trouble, they had to sacrifice a bull or a fattened calf and use its blood to make their gateway. (Ex. 12:5, 7) Any Israelite who followed that instructions, would not kill a person or animal that was firstborn in his home. But the people of Israel could have said that, they were afraid that if they carried out that command, the Egyptians would do something to them. Why is it? Because the Egyptians used to worship idols. (Ex. 8:25-27) But it wasn't at all that the people of Israel were watching, they saw the need to obey God, so what he told them, "they did just so." (Ex. 12:28) obedientness, neither did God grant any of them the firstborn of death.

4 That same night, the people of Israel left Egypt. First, he told them to go settle next to the Red Sea somewhere in the north. After that, he gave them some instructions that they did not understand. He urged them to be open to the south and move between the Red Sea and the mountains. It was there that if Pharaoh and his army were to attack them, they would not have a place to go, because they would join the Pharaoh and his army in the middle of the Red Sea. At this point again, what he told the Israelites through Moses to do was obey. (Ex. 14:1-4) But after the sons of Israel realised that the Egyptians were following them, they 'threatened,' accusing Moses that, he had saved them and brought them here to die. (Ex. 14:5-11) The obedience that they had done from the beginning, why was now what they were doing to each other? What did they do that made him known?

5 When the Israelites reached the Red Sea, they 'did not understand the wonder of God's (Reading Volume 106:7.) When God brought the tenth plague on the Egyptians, he protected the descendants of Israel and their animals and the Israelites became aware of it. But just as he loved them, they did not see him that way, so they did not have faith in him that he could take them back. Jehovah found out that they had a bad heart, so he hired her to be a rebel. As a result, he said, 'they revolted over the Red Sea.' Even after they followed Moses around the Red Sea, they did not change their attitude; they continued to do disobedience to God.

4. When the Israelites left Egypt, what did God provide to those who did not understand Ga?

5. Why did Jesus reject the Israelites? (Singer 106:7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 9

At last, all the Israelites who did the work of rebellion were rejected by God, and not even one of them went to the land of the promise. (Dw. 106:21, 24-26) What can we learn from their performance?

HOW WEARING IS BEGAN IN DAGBON

6 If a direction from God or those in charge of things is given to us, can we ask ourselves: The direction, because it is logical and helpful to us and listen to it? It is possible that, the only reason why some of the Israelites made their pots with the blood of the ram was that, they did not want their first children to die. Also, we can ask ourselves if what other people do is due to our having faith in him. The night the Israelites celebrated Passover, so it was time for them to pay attention to God and leave Egypt. (Ex. 12:36) But later that the Egyptians chased them to kill them, they did not have faith in God that he could rescue them, so they rebelled. (Ex. 14:10-12) For us, we do not want to imitate the people of Israel. If he or she provides us with guidance, we will trust them and listen to them. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) Even if we misunderstand the instructions, or adhere to them, we will be patient with our enemies. How can we obey and avoid some of the mistakes the Israelites made?

7 strengthen your love for God. If the association of God’s people gives us instructions and doesn’t understand them, we don’t know how it will help us, or it will let us understand them,

It could be difficult to overcome them. If something happens, we should remember that the love we have for and the trust we have in him is that we pay attention to him. (1 Yoh. 5:3) Our love for God helps us to receive contributions until things are clear. Finally, we will see that it is very beneficial for us to do obedient.—A sermon. 7:8; Mike 7:7.

8 Today, too, when a direction comes out and we don’t understand it or even find out how it will help us, we submit to it. For example, at the time of the COVID-19, the manuals were given instruction to make lessons on phones or zooms. A Peruvian elder in Peru said: "When the guide came in, I felt like our area, we would not be able to work on that project. Although she was quite skeptical about the directive, she was determined to obey God and trust him. (Mmeb. 3:5, 6) If he did so, what was the result? “I have found out that, if someone listens, he is really happy,” he said. The faith of our members grew and we felt very close to each other.” Let's look at another example. Towards the end of 2020, the Board of Directors introduced a new strategy. It was said that groups and signatures in foreign languages would not be dropped, and some would not be added to the list. A sister in Japan was also affected by the scheme. “I want to obey, and I don’t want to criticize the guidelines,” he said. I know that this change will bring many blessings.”

9 Prepare for opposition. Today is the best time to celebrate evangelism. If we do so and people in the future oppose us, we will not give up. In many countries, we are able to preach the good news without being noticed by anyone. That

6. If we trust in God, how will he help us? (Jeremia 23:4)

7. How does love for God strengthen our love for him?

8. What did two brothers do to show that they wanted to listen to Jehovah?

9. What can we do to prepare for the opposition? (See also picture.)

10 OWN-ABAN

In fact, we need the courage to declare the good news about the Kingdom, because we also declare that God will soon destroy this wicked world. If the time is almost over for Armageddon to go out, then we'll stop talking. (Mat. `14) Moreover, in the great tribulation, the statement we will say may be borderlined, and we will not go through on Tuesdays. That will allow people to say that they will support the government, or support God's Kingdom. Those who hate God will reject what we say forever, because the situation will be like a “disturbment” for them. * (Revenge. 16:21) They will be very angry with Yaweh and his people as Pharaoh was also angry with the people of Israel over the Red Sea. No matter what people say, we must pay attention to God and continue to preach the good news at this time. If we do that, we are preparing for the opposition.

WEARING OF THE SUTSE OF THE HESAFAT

10 There are many in the Bible who made us obedient to them. One of them is

* See “Question From Readers” of August 2025 The Guardian-Government.

10. When some states joined forces to fight against Judah, how did King Jehoshaphat feel?

King Jehoshaphat of Judah. In his time, three countries joined forces to fight Judah. If you had been with Joshua, would you have been afraid? Asamoah and his people were in a bad mood. (2 Be. 20:1-3) But the king didn't make him afraid; he made him known to Jehovah what he did. Let’s see how we rely on Jehovah and how we can learn from him.

11 Be determined to seek and follow Jehovah's instructions. Asamoah felt scared. “He decided to seek Jehovah”, he said. (2 Be. 20:3) It was already the style of Jehoshaphat that he would seek Jehovah's guidance in everything. (2 Be. 19:3) So when the states joined forces to attack Judah, he saw that at that time he had to find Jehovah and obey any instructions he would give him. As a result, he prayed to God with all his heart. (Read 2 Seasons 20:5, 6, 10-12.) If we experience any kind of trouble, we may ask him for his guidance and study. Also, we need to trust that he will help us. If we do that, we are mimicking Yehosatat.—Dw. ->112.

11. When Asamoah became afraid, what did he do? (2 Seasons 20:5, 6, 10-12)

If we act in a obedient manner, we are preparing for a future opposition (see verse 9).

11

The elders of the flock pay attention to Jehovah, the flock, and their superior counterparts (See verse 16)

12 Get ready for the examination of the Bible. Asamoah's prayers give us hope that he was an expert in the word of God. Asamoah promised to give the land to his family. Asamoah knew what that promise was. (Gen. 12:7) The prayer that Yehosatat made was like the prayer that Solomon had during the temple's dedicated period. (2 Be. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) Knowledge that Yehosatat had helped him rely on Jehovah and was determined to listen to him. We, on the other hand, need to continue to learn. (Mat. 13:52) If that happens, any trouble we face, we will be determined to pay attention to God.

13 Humble. Asamoah's prayer also lets us know that he was humble. He was a king with many soldiers, so he could have said that he did not need the help of God. But he calmed down and prayed in the face of the whole country asking for his help, since they are not sure what to do. (2 Be. 20:12) Asamoah was humble, when he was given direction, he hurried to work. We, on the other hand, will obey God’s commands in everything. 2:5, 8.

12. How can we make sure that we pay attention to God?

13. How will humility help us?

14 Is obedient, and others will take care of it. Jehovah answered the prayer by the prophet Yahasiel. He gave a clear instructions to Joshua that they would not go to war with the people. The prophet Yahasiel told them: “Stop standing firm, be quiet and see how God will save you.” Asamoah bowed his face to the ground. In doing so, the community as a whole also “threatened down. 2. 2. worship to God.” Asamoah and his people went out to meet the enemy forces the other day. He told the nation that “you should have faith in [God] and in his prophets. ”—2 Be. 20:14-20.

15 Asamoah had a good faith, "he stood up with the people," and nominated men to sing songs "in the presence of the warriors." (2 Be. Also note that, he discussed with the public before making that decision. What he did motivated his people to trust in him, and they did obedience. Jehovah also blessed them, so the enemies too fought, killing them.—2 Be. 20:22-24.

14. What did he do about the direction that Jehovah gave to Joshua, and how did it affect the people?

15. What did Yehosatat do that suggested he had a good faith?

12 ADOPTIONS-ABAN

16 Headquarters, parents, and predecessors can mimic the example of Yehosatat. His obedience to his people also helped his people to do obedience. What he did could be compared to what King Solomon did. While serving God, Solomon begged for humility so that he could govern his people properly. He wanted to judge the country with wisdom. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Asamoah listened attentively to God's prophet. Then he and his people took a step before making a very important decision, encouraging them to follow Jehovah's instructions. The elders of the town also imitate the example of Yehosatat. Therefore, before any decision related to the church is made, the word of God is found in the Bible and in the book of the church in search of his guidance. They also listen to other officials' opinions

instruct. (Mmeb. 15:22) By their speech and their actions they encourage God's people to listen to him from their heart. Parents too should remember that their children will take care of themselves and that if they obey God, it will make it easier for their children to listen to him too. 1:8; 14:1.

17 Where the life will lead us, we must trust in God, seek his guidance, and obey him. If we do that, he will not make us fall. As he did for his people in the past, today he gives direction to his servants through the Board of Directors and the head of the society. Even if the direction we're going to give is not understood or understood, we have to listen. We do not think that the ways and abilities of God are far superior to ours. (Yes. 55:9) Therefore, let us continue to pay attention to Jehovah with all our heart.

16. What can parents and those in charge of their children learn about the example of Yehosatat? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also picture.)

17. Why should we always listen to him from the heart?

How Would You Answer?

With the Rebellion of the Israelites on their way out of Egypt, what can we learn from it?

What did Yehosatat do that meant he had a "slow heart"?

How can we imitate Yehosatat?

DWOM 88 Shows Me Your Ways

NOWMBER 16-22, 2026

The Gospel is being preached “All the Different Languages of the Nations”

DWOM 84 We'll Share the Career

What shall we consider in this article about how the 823 prophecy has been fulfilled by Jehovah's Witnesses.

“All ten people speaking the languages of the nations will fall into the clothing of one Jew.”—SAK. 8:23.

The attackers, who were building the Tower of Babel, were abused by the Lord in their speech, resulting in the project being abandoned. That led to the disturbing of all parts of the earth and all parts of the human body. (Gen. 11:6-9) However, Jehovah has said that he will unify “a great crowd of people who cannot be counted by all the nations and tribes and peoples and languages”, and will deliver them through great tribulation into the new world. (Revenge. 7:9, footnote 10, 14) On the occasion of the great tribulation, how do all of the people who speak these languages have faith in the Lord to save them? Unless we now declare the good news to them in their native languages (Reading Romans 10:13, 14.) There is a great opportunity for us to take on this life project.

2 centuries before the book of Revelation was created by the Prophet John, the prophet Sakaria had predicted that, 'many peoples will come and stick to God, and they will become his people.' (Sak. 2:11) Later, Sakaria further predicted: "What is said to the whole association of people, 'at that time, all ten people who speak the languages of the nations will wear the uniform of one Jew. 2. 2. “We want to go with you,” he insisted.

1. Why is it so important to preach the gospel in many languages? (Romans 10:13, 14)

2. What promise did God make to the prophet Sakaria?

14

we have heard that God is with you”” (Sak. 8:23) Today, this prophecy is having fruit. Let’s see what we can do to ensure the success of the prophecy.

we are talking about the good news in “all the languages of the people who speak the language of the United Nations”

3 “Jew” described by the prophecy of Zachariah represents those appointed by God with holy spirit. They are also called the "God-fearing-God Israel" (Gal. 6:16) These people are anxious to go up. (Heb. 3:1) And what do the “ten people” of the prophecy about, standing for whom do they stand? They are with the meek who hope to live forever on earth in Paradise. They come from different countries, different languages spoken by each other.

4 When Christ appointed the “true and discreet slave” in 1919, they became convinced that a monumental task was needed. For this project to be done there was a need for a translation into many different languages. (Mat. 00:0045) The Bi-ble Students had started releasing a video of creativity in many countries. The video was titled “Photo-Drama of Creation.” But the faithful slave came to realize that it was necessary to expand their borders. For example, in 1921, a book about studying the Bible was released, titled The Harp of God. Later, they translated into more than 36 languages. In 1935, the faithful servant realised that a "majority" would occupy land for an annual period. These people are like the “ten people who speak all the languages of the nations.” This made it clear to the then-leaders that they had to share the gospel with more people. So plans were put in place to enable the good news to be preached everywhere on the earth. That was bound to save the prophecy of Sakaria.

“Your Nation Will L naturalize TO ALL”

5 When they got married, they found a lot of good people who speak different languages to listen. Asamoah wanted many people from all nations to come to the foot of Jehovah to teach them. (Reading Isa 2:2-4.) As a result, people of God have been "threaten" so that we can teach these tender people. What we do is that, we translate the text into various languages, we publish it, and then we see everyone touching it with their hands. (Dw. 68:11; 110:3) Besides that, we have developed the jw.org website, along with the JW Library® app. This has helped many people to listen to the good news in their native languages.

6 The spiritual food produced by the faithful and discreet slave is of benefit to us by people from many countries who speak different languages. What the faithful slave does, one way to appreciate is by accepting donations in support of the work done in the world. Given such contributions, and efforts by our brothers, we have been able to publish Bible books in more than 1,100 languages. Due to this, thousands of people are dilated every year.

7 Today, although people in the world say

3. Today, who is represented by the “ten people” of the prophecy of Zechariah?

4. When Christ appointed the “true and discreet slave” in 1919, what was to be done?

5-6. How is Asamoah answering today? (See also picture.)

7. What do you say about the prophecy that Sakaria and John wear? (Episode 14:6)

SEPTEMBER 2026 15

The spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave is for us by means of people from many countries who speak different languages benefit (see sections 5-6)

There are many different languages, but those are not ways for us. For the church of Jehovah has laid out laws that allow us to speak the good news in any language. The angels help us to declare the good news to people “who live in the earth, to people of all nations and languages and people.” (Read Revelation-issues 14:6.) The prophecy of Sakaria and John, recorded today's fulfillment, gives us a strong belief that all the other predictions in the Bible too will come true. Also, the organization of God's people, through which he is preaching the good news, gives us hope.

It can also cause all people to speak one language after another. He enabled Jesus' disciples to speak in languages they had never spoken. (Attention. 2:4-10) Why did he do that? For, he wanted the disciples to tell the crowd about “the great works of God” in their own native languages. (Attention. 2:11) Today, when we have books and videos translated into many languages, we give people testimonies. In a way, we seem to have been teaching them with their own language.

9 People really need to hear the good news in their native languages. For instance, let’s try this comparison. Take note that you have travelled to another country, and you have a serious disease, so you should see a doctor. Unfortunately, you don't understand the language of the doctor, so you'll need someone to understand what the doctor is saying. It is the same way that today, many people have made the situation; they need it for the sake of what they are going through.

The wonders Of what kind of wonder Jehovah is giving it to us now.

8 p.m. 33 p.m., he made it known that, as he had caused all people to change their language at Babel, he would-

8. What wonderful thing did Jesus do at Pentecost in 3321?

9. How can we give evidence to people we don't hear?

16 OWN-ABAN

comfort and hope. The solution to their problem is found in the Bible. So even if we meet a person who talks in a different language, we can use the Bible to help him or her find comfort and hope. What helps us to do that is that, we have books, videos and more in many languages.

10 How can we make effective use of our books and the JW Library app to help people? Let's take a look at an experience with Robert in English. He was once witnessing in the heresy, and met a man from Türkiye who was working at a hip. The man did not hear the good news from God! Some of the booklets are in Türkiye language. Robert was very good at teaching the booklets, so he managed to show it some parts that he could read. The man asked some questions about the world's trends, and Robert also contributed to the answer to the JW Library app in Türkiye. “Here, this is what you seem to be in my native language!" "We talked for about an hour,” Robert said. At the end of the conversation, he realized that the Bible was a very valuable book, and that he could relate its contents to his life.” It is a very good opportunity for us to help people understand the Bible in their native languages.

11 If you let a person a pamphlet, or show them something for him to read on the jw.org website in his or her native language, the potential benefits would be amazing. Therefore, you can be sure that if you meet a stranger and hear your voice, you will give evidence of this.

10-11. What do we learn from the experience of Robert? What do you learn from the experience of the box “He Was Happy and But He Had Hope?”

Lub Neej fragrance twab Qab Ntu Tshiab Tsoom

He Was Happy but He Was optimistic

Youa was a woman who had lived a very poor life for herself in the United States. She didn't speak English; she only spoke Hmong. Her husband didn't allow her to read any books, even the Bible. He says: “I had a falling-out with love and peace.” One day, a English speaking sister sent him a pamphlet entitled Life in a peaceful New World in Hmong. His reading of the Bible was never interrupted by anything like this. Its contents touched her heart; it gave her hope that there will be a better future for her. He kept the paper in his pocket for several years. She used to read, but didn't let her husband know later. As soon as one of his daughters discovered the truth, he took Yea to Hmong class. Plans are made for one to start studying the Bible with him. The letter she received in her native language helped her to see her and worship her.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17

we help people everywhere to know the name of Jehovah

12 People started to interpret the Bible not today. * Signers of the Bible, they massacred themselves in order to make them available to many people in their native languages. That’s why today, we are all able to learn the word of God in our native language. A few years ago, one of the books that has helped to unite the people of Jehovah in all over the world is the Bible of the New World. For example, hear what an official in Nepal said about this edition of the Bible. “Every time I read this Bible in my native language, it makes me feel that he is talking to me,” he said. Ama has been very close to her and the trust in her has also increased.” The whole, or partial, New World Translate Bible has been translated into more than 300 languages. With the worldwide use of this biblical definition, we all agree. And no matter how different we are, all of us are educated about the same language in the Bible. For the meaning of the Bible is clear and clear. (1 Cor. 1:10) However, there are many other aspects of this biblical interpretation that make it sleepy as well.

13 Not all the available biblical editions contain the name of God's name, Jehovah. However, The New World's Meaning

* About 150 years before the birth of Christ, the entire Hebrew Text was translated into Greek; it is known as the Greek Septuagint. It was the first edition of the Bible.

12. How has the New World Passport helped Jehovah's people?

13. Why isn't the name of God in many different Bibles?

what you will see to it. Over the next 100 years, it was quite easy to identify the name of Jehovah in various Bibles, not to mention the Hebrew Scriptures. However, the Christian priests, who claim to represent God, are not named by God's name Jehovah. Also, they don’t want people to know, and they don’t want to scare them away. The religious leaders of the Catholic Church have taken the name of God out of their Bibles and books. *Several churches have done the same. However, whatever language it is translated into, it has been re-incorporated wherever the name of God, Jehovah. Why is it important for people to know the name of God? Let's see.

14 The Bible informs us the importance of know and bear the name of God. For example, the book of James states that 'to praise the name of God is to be done.' (Dw. 135:1) Also, teaching his disciples how to pray to God, Jesus said: "Let your name be clean." Another time, he prayed: “Let your name be known." (Mat. 6:9; Yow. 17:26) The Prophet Paul also quoted the prophet Joel as saying: "Anyone who shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved." (Roman. 10:13) But how will those who use a biblical translation that omits the name of God, obey this command?

15 Most of the Jehovah's Witnesses

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI enacted in the Catholic church that, when performing church, singing or praying, "the name of God should not be mentioned." See the Guardian-Government of October 1, 1997, p. 16-18, no. The 4-8 as well.

14. Why do people need to know and worship the name of God?

15. What do we feel about the name of God, Osaka?

18 OWN-ABAN

The world today has a well-defined edition of the Bible in their native languages. That enables us to remember the name of God so great that we realize the importance of our trust in him. It is very interesting for us to know the name of God and what it stands for. 18:10; Yes. 56:6.

16 The Bible has confirmed that soon, the Lord and "kings of all the earth" will be pleased. (Revenge. 16:14) By then, those who know and trust in God will be protected by God. (Dw. 9:10; read John 17:3.) But those who don't accept God as their Father and God will come to know that he is the omnipotent. “I will magnify myself and praise my name, and I will make myself known in the presence of many people,” he has said. (Hes. 38:23) At that time, the servants of the Lord will be very happy, because they know the Lord as their best friend who will cut them off!—Mal. 3:16.

16. Why is it so important for people to know about Jehovah at this time? (John 17:3)

17 great opportunities have been given to contribute to the success of the 823 prophecy. It is not only our brothers that we have the privilege to work with them, but also the angels in heaven. Through them, we are helped to spread the good news to people of all languages on earth. Whatever we need in order to preach the good news to people of all nations and ethnic groups and languages, we are given the good news by our God. So let us try to put these things in order. That will help us more people to worship our God, God with sympathy and patience, and not to wipe out people. Until the name of Jehovah comes to be known, let us preach the good news, and proclaim his name to all people.—Luca 11:2.

17. What opportunities does God give us?

How Would You Answer?

“Jewish” and “ten people” whom Sakaria 8:23 describes represent?

What has made it possible for people of all languages to learn about Jehovah?

Why do people need to know and play the name of Jehovah?

DOM 57 We preach the gospel to all men

NOWMBER 23-29, 2026

DWOM 107 Love Model

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

The priestly arrangement that Jehovah-Wath made is, how it helps us get closer to him.

How the Priestly System Lets Us Know That God Love Us

“Every high priest who is discharged from among the people is compelled to represent the people”—HEB. 5:1.

A human being needs help! No matter what we want, we all need help. Why is it? For we are all bad people. Because of the sin that we have been born, mankind has been separated from God. (Year. 2:12; Kol. 1:21) As a result of sin, a great pito seems to be lying between us and God, and if someone doesn't help us, we won't be able to live by ourselves. If we don't have God in our life, we'll have no happiness in life. Also, we will not lose hope, and we will never give up. What does God do to help us?

2 Jehovah has done something that he will save us from sin; that is the priestly arrangement. This system supported the ancient people of Israel, and the early Christians also benefited. This program is still in use today. In this study, how women and faithful men in the past benefitted from the episcopal process, we will consider. We will also look at how the priestly arrangement helps us today, and how it will help us in the future. Finally, we will look at how the priestly arrangement provides an opportunity for us to come to know the great love that Jehovah has for us.

1. Why is there so much need for collective assistance?

2. What will we consider in this article?

20

The evil caused a great gulf between us and Yaweh; the priestly arrangement has become the same as the one we are about to begin with (see verse 3).

How Priests Sponsored Old Israelites

3 The reason why the High Priest was appointed to the nation of Israel was explained by the apostle Paul. (Reader 5:1.1 He wanted to help the people of Israel get closer to him. The Archbishop is the one who was "in behalf of people for the service of God." Thus, for those who wanted to worship God, the High Priest and the priest had become like a bride entrance to God.

4 The Priests helped the people of Israel to worship Jehovah in a way that pleased him through two basic ways. First, the priests on behalf of God taught the people. How did they do it? Malak 2:7 states: "A priest's mouth should protect knowledge, and people should seek law from his mouth. The reason is that, she is the minister of the house." Therefore, the priests were obliged to explain the Law of Moses to the nation of Israel for their understanding, and for their conduct. In the days of Nehemiah, for example, 13 rabbis helped the priest Ezra to explain the Law to the people. Defined for clarity, the nation was helped to understand what was read. That enabled the people of Israel to practice the law of God and be close to him.—Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 second, the priests helped the people to be united with Jehovah. How did they do it? They used animals as a sacrifice for the sins of the country. The Israelites always knew that they were wrong, so they would need forgiveness. (Dw. 51:9) That is why the Lord gave their priests who would offer animals for them. Do you not think it would make them very happy if they see that God has forgiven them? So the priestly arrangement lets us know that there is Jehovah

3. As seen by the Hebrew 5:1, how did the priests help the people of Israel to come closer to Jehovah? (See also picture.)

4. What did the priests do in behalf of God for the people of Israel?

5. How did the priests in Israel help the people to be united with Jehovah? What does this mean about Jehovah?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

love, compassion, concern for his servants, and eventual desire to live forever.

HOW WEARING HEADGEARS BEGAN IN DAGBON IN DAGBON

6 What is the heart of Jehovah is that there will always be peace between him and his servants. Therefore in ancient times, before Israel became a nation, families often sacrificed themselves and their families. For example, when Noah started out of the box, he sacrificed himself to thanks God. (Gen. 8:20) Abraham also built an altar and made a sacrifice on it to the Lord. (Gen. 12:7, 8) Job also sacrificed arson for his children. (Hioob 1:5) That is why, when you look into the Bible, some of them were called priests just before the Lewis became a priest in Israel. The people of Israel were told that, 'the priestly or the family head who come before God all the time should be clean, and that he should not kill them.' 19:22.

7 The first Man to be called the priest of the Bible is Melksedek. (Gen. 14:18) He was also king. Asamoah promised that if the Messiah came, he would be king over the repriest like Melkisedek, and that humanity would benefit from his kingdom forever.—Dw. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 As we have already seen, when the people of Israel were made his people, he gave them priests, and also gave them the Law of Moses. The law taught the priests how to do their work. Moses' brother Aaron was appointed as Archbishop, saying that anyone who worships as Archbishop or priest must be a descendant of Aaron. (Ex. 40:12-15) The Archbishop was sacrificed to the state, and the rest of the lay-offs also helped the clergy sacrifice to the individual in the state. They were given specific instructions about the types of sacrifices that were made, the purpose, and how they were to be made. This plan was about to happen in the future.

9 When Jesus poured water, he became the High Priest in the great spiritual temple of Jehovah. (Heb. 8:1) Later, Jesus gave his perfect life to sacrifice once for our sins. The sacrifice that the priests offered to the people of Israel was nowhere to lower themselves from Jesus's sacrifice. Jesus is still High Priest, and has gone on as a weaver to approach God. (Heb. 9:24) The 144,000 appointees will join our High Priest Jesus as priests and chiefs in the kingdom of God. (1 Pet. 1:3,5; 2:9) If they rise up, they will work together with God and Christ to help human obedient people to enter into equality, and provide an earth-building paradise. We are eagerly awaiting the completion of that project!

10 From the beginning, the priestly arrangement has enabled his servants to come closer to him, forming a bond with him. The sacrifices the priests made helped the Israelites to recognize the need for the ransom. During the millennia of Christ, Jesus and the 144,000 will remain a priest until he helps all people return to equality. How does this program help us to stay closer to God? Let’s take a look at some of them.

6. In ancient times, what work did families have to do that was similar to that of the priest?

7. Who is Melkisedek, and how is he likes the Messiah?

8. What was the provision of the priesthood in the Mosaic Law?

9-10. Who will enjoy eating with Jesus during the millennia?

22 OWN-ABAN

HOW WEARING HATS BEGAN IN DAGBON

The priestly arrangement informs us that, indeed, we want to be close to him and to him as a strong friend. It is true that there has been a misunderstanding between Yen-howa and us, but he doesn’t want us to get along again with him. Asamoah wants us to be closer to him, he accepts us, and we make friends with him and he gives us life forever. (2 Cor. 5: 18) He knows that we are not the only people who are associated with God; it is our ancestors Adam who have joined us. He is merciful to us, and he wants us to help each one of us clean up our relationship with him. When we think about all these things, we are deeply moved to love him.

12 Jesus also wants us to take strong moral advice from him. Since Jesus is the High Priest, he serves as 'a helper to the Father' to us. (1 Yoh. 2:1; ken-kn-ex-Hebrew 7:25.) What are some things that Jesus may look at if he is asking you for? He might look at your background, the training you received, your health and the problems you may ever get through. Some of them will take care of your good behaviour, and will learn how you have been faithful to your God. Since Jesus is kind, he is most likely to know all the things we pray for forgiveness. Also, the effort to do what is right is in vain, and he may be asking for it too. So we can have a say-we are convinced that if Jesus asks for forgiveness, we who belong to God will be obedient, because his mercy is great, and he is ready to forgive. (Dw. 86:5) In fact, Jesus has been given to us to have children.

13 The episcopal system informs us that,

11. How does the institution of the priests tell us that, one day, we want to be close to him and to him, that is, to him?

12. Does the knowledge that Jesus is the High Priest and requests for us comfort us? (Hebrew 7:25) (See also picture.)

13. According to the Hebrew 4:16, what further benefit does the episcopal system offer?

Our High Priest Jesus takes care of our good deeds, our loyalty to him, our prayer for forgiveness, and our efforts to do what is right (See verse 12).

We want to talk to him from the heart. (Read at 4:16.) Because of Jesus' role as the High Priest, we can pray to Jehovah with our heart at all times. When we begin to understand that, what we have in our heart is what we are talking about, it makes him happy. If we do so, it means we trust him and trust him. At times, we may be forced to find out how to express our feelings. (Roman. 8:26) Nevertheless, he understands us, and listens to us make our request. So if we are going through some difficult time, we must not hesitate to pour our heart on our Father. Because he loves us, and we are talking about him.

The 14 priestly arrangement provides an indication that, he wants us to live forever. (Hes. 3:11) The support God's servants offered in the past could not pay for their sins at all. (Heb. 7:19) Rather, it was a successful sacrifice for the future of Christ Jesus. As a result of Jesus' sacrifice, God can forgive us completely. It also gives us hope that if we serve God with integrity, we will live forever. How glad we are that, through this priestly act, we will be able to live forever!—1 Yoho. 4:10.

15 Asamoah's appointees along with Jesus let us know that he loves us. Just as Jesus was honest until his death, so must the appointed ones. (Filip. 2:8; Excercise. 2:10) An attempt must be made to be true to the Lord in any case. Being faithful to Jesus and to the 144, we can be certain that, during the millennia of Christ, we will be helped in progress. The millennial did not come to an end, and neither sin nor sin, sickness nor respect. They, together with Jesus, will look forward to making the whole earth a paradise, and will make all of God's promises come true. In all these, the sacrifice of Jesus' resurrection will be made possible. 22:1, 2.

Any trouble we go through, our High Priest Jesus lives in us, because when he is on earth, he takes some. (Reading the Hebrew 4:15.) Do you sometimes feel that you are unable to do anything about yourself? Remember that Jesus has felt the same way before. (John. 4:6) Do you ever have a fever, or a thirst, in your throat? That, too, knows what it is like. (Mat. 4:2; Yow. 19:28) Being one of Jehovah's Witnesses, do people oppose or ridicule you? Jesus is the same way that people did to him. (Yes. 50:6; Yow. 15:20) Or has death taken a loved one of your relatives? Jesus has already lost his friend, Lasaro, and he must have been abandoned by his father, Joseph. No matter what you are going through, you can be certain that our High Priest Jesus is alive and caring for you.

174,000 people who will join Jesus and help humanity get into equality, will also understand us. Why is it? For a time, they were also women and men with evil and bad habits, just like we. Therefore, the more we forgive our conscience, the more we understand it. Also, whether sick or sad, mental-

14. What are the benefits of Jesus' sacrifice?

15. What shows that those appointed by God as priests are in addition to Jesus? Explain.

16. What shows that Jesus is our High Priest?

17. How do we know that the nominees will understand us?

24 OWN-ABAN

think, suffer, or have all been solved before. Each of them has a different background, culture, time to live, and what each one has been through for the rest of their life. So, what you are going through is not the most likely that a member of the 144,000 has ever gone through.

18 The Pastoral arrangement we have learnt has taught us that, Jehovah is loving, merciful, and forgiving. Satan always accuses us, but he trusts us. (Revenge. 12:10) What Jehovah has done to make it possible for us to get closer to him and take him firmly, this study has revealed. This shows that he loves us and is ready to forgive us our sins. Therefore, we should also do what we can to make friends with him.

19 This study has helped us to understand that if we sometimes feel that we are worthless because of our sins, we can be certain that he is understood by us. The reason is that, he knows we are dust. (Dw. 103:14) But our mistakes are not focused on our mistakes, but on our well-being, and the good things we can do in the future. Therefore, should we feel that our actions are in the wrong place at the wrong time, let us remember that “God is greater than our heart and knows all things. ”—1 Yoho. 3:20.

20 We have seen that, what matters to the heart of Jehovah is that we shall worship him through the appointment of priests in a way that is beneficial to him. Thank you very much for organizing the priestly procession for us. because that arrangement has come to feel like a breed of breegye. Therefore, let us apply the advice at 4:16 of the people of Hes. “Let us put our trust in the face of the good throne, and let us have mercy, and let us have patience,” it says.

18. What are some of the characteristics of Jehovah's temples to us, and how does that make you feel?

19. How do we know that God understands us?

20. Why are you so thankful to God for organizing the priests, and why are you determined to do it?

How Would You Answer?

How does the episcopal process help us to serve God in an acceptable way?

What has been the use of priests by the Lord from the past to the present?

How does the episcopal process help you to stay close to Jehovah?

DOM 16 Praises the Jehovah, His Memory of His Son

NOWMBER 30-DECEMBER 6, 2026

DOM 22 The Kingdom Is Jurisdiction—Let It Come!

What this learning will cover about three things that can gradually damage our relationship with Jehovah, we will see how we can resist it.

Be careful The “The Spirit of the World”

“Global . 2. 2. It is not from the Father. ”—1 YOH. 2:16.

THE Bible tells us that the world is ruled by Satan. (John. 14:30; 1 Yoh. 5:19) Christ has been paying attention to them. (Revenge. 12:12, 13, 17) However, this does not mean that wherever we are, there is also Satan. In fact, whether good angels, evil angels, or, the Bible doesn't say that some of them can be here, they have found their place again at the same time. But it works with the demon forces. (Revenge. 12:9) Also, the world's spirit behind it is everywhere, and it has even unknown control over most people. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16) Even those who do not believe that the spirit of the world is theirs. In other words, it appears that “the devil has caught them and is trying to kill them. ”—2 Tim. 2:26.

2 Many of us were led by the spirit of the world in the past. But what did we do after we had discovered who was behind that spirit? Because we want to be directed by God's spirit, we follow the Bible’s advice to “repudiate what is bad and what is bad" and the world’s desires. (Tito 2:11, 12) Despite Satan's ultimate authority and

1. How does Satan infected people today? (1 John 2:15, 16) 2-3. (a) For those who love God, what makes them sleep from those who are taught by “the spirit of the world”? (b) Why should we be cautious?

26

The spirit of the world is like the air of evil, and it is very easy to breathe (see paragraph 5).

With the spirit's help, we can still use these Bible advice. That means we don't want to be separated from God. (Yak. 4:7, 8) Of course, the ministers of the Lord are worthy of praise for our commitment to fight against the spirit of the world!

3 But because we were born in sin, we fall into sin, so we need to be on the alert. If not, the bad things that people do in the world can gradually make up for us. Sadly, some who were originally married to each other against the spirit of the world have been later given back the spirit of the world. (Year. 6:11; Philip. 3:18) This study article will help us to see what we will do so that something like this will not happen to us. But let’s first look at this: When the Bible says “the spirit of the world,” what does it mean?—1 Cor. 2:12.

WHAT IS HUMILITY OF THE HUMILITY OF THE HUMILITY?

4 The way people who worship God and how they act, that is what the Bible calls "the spirit of the world." Those guided by the spirit of the world are selfish. Such people often do nothing about the law of God. They are not ashamed of doing things that God hates. What God wants, not least; what "the nations want" to follow.—1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The spirit of the world is one of the main means by which Satan 'leads all the peoples of the earth.' (Revenge. 12:9) Apostle Paul said

4. What is “the spirit of the world,” and what are some of the things that make people work?

5. How is the spirit of the world like the air, and why should we watch it out so that we do not rest? (Efficians 2:1, 2) (See also picture.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

that spirit is like “an air.” (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2) Don't you realize the analogy is very appropriate? Air pollution is everywhere, but breathing bad air can make us sick. The spirit of the world is similar to the wind; it can damage our relationship with God if we breathe. In this article, we will learn how to breathe some of these air in the absence of sleep. We will also look at how we can prevent such a situation from develop.

WEARING PASSIFI

6 The Bible said that in the time of the end, people will 'suppress themselves, be arrogant and will not be able to make alliances with them. (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Today, when looking at how people speak, do you not see that attitude as being characterized by it? For example, if two people are discussing a subject, you’ll watch it and it’s no issue, but it can turn into a conflict or a fight; we often hear such news on TV or radio. if you go into some families, you will ensure that your husband or wife suffer as well. The children do the same. Today, whether you are an adult or an adult, whether you are young or not, you are likely to face punishment and criticism alone. (Year. 5:3, 4) If it is not the spirit of the world that makes people behave like this, then what is it?

7 As Christians, whether we talk to someone on the phone, face-to-face or face-to-face, we should always be kind. (Yak. 1:26, 27) We can ask ourselves the following questions to ensure that our oral speech is as follows: 'There are others who don't know that I am a witness of Jehovah, and if something provokes me, what do I say in proverbs? If I were to talk to my siblings about it, would I tell them everything that was wrong or what was wrong with what was going on? What about my relatives? What would they say if I asked them what my speech was like?’

8 If we believe that the spirit of the world is about to destroy our speech, what should we do? We need to make some changes as soon as possible. However, our language is not the only language we need to pay attention to. Why is it? “The consequences of human teeth come from the heart,” Jesus said. (Mat. 15:18) Jesus' statement makes us know that, the result of our mouth, we know what is in our heart. That is why the Bible states that “racism” is the cause of anger, anger, anger, and hate. (Year. 4:31) When you see that any of these behaviors are taking place, ask Yaweh for help and for the "other character" to wear. (Read 3:8-10.) You can also do some research in our books, and you will find more information to help you. By all means, you will not allow the world’s spirit to damage your attitude or your speech. 4:29.

DO WHAT THE WEARING IN DAGBON

9 Today, because the spirit of the world is directed by the spirit of the world, what is behind God is theirs. It is said that rape, same-sex or same-sex sexual intercourse, and dating are not sinful. (Yes. 5:20) So if we are not careful, the things that belong to God, the spirit of the world, will push us away.

6. What is the world's spirit with which people speak?

7. How can we improve the quality of our speech?

8. What will help us improve our speech? (Colose 3:8-10)

9. Besides, what is the idea that the world's spirit has made people gossip about it?

28 OWN-ABAN

Let's enjoy it. (2 Cor. 11:3) We can even get the impression that the opinions of those who do are open, and the Bible is over. But it is all a fool! What he says we do is help us. Our ways are higher than our ways, and his words never fail. —Yes. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

10 If we want to please God, then we must follow his logic. (Dw. 97:10) To help us do so, we need to ask ourselves: 'I feel bound by the law of the Lord to prevent my life in accordance with his will? Besides, is that my dream to please me? I wish there were some of the laws of God that he had changed them, so that I could do what I wanted?’

11 Besides, is it any wonder if it's going to happen? If so, feel free and go ahead with your life without breaking God’s laws. Remember, no one is perfect; we all fall into sin. (Dw. 51:5; 103:14) But if you want to, you would pursue your desires for sin. (Year. 2:3) Also, you should not give in to bad desires. It is true that if you decide to do something that is bothering you, remove it from your mind and heart. If something is hidden from God and you are going to fall in love with him, do not be ashamed too quickly. (Gen. 39:9, 12) If you follow your desires and do something wrong, think about how it will destroy you and others, and that will keep you from making such a thing happen. (Year. 5:5) Be assured that, too, you will be able to follow what is bad.

10. What will help us find out if we are following what Jesus is doing?

11. What will help us follow his footsteps?

CLEANLINESS OF THE INTANET

Many of us live in the Internet and it's very dominant in our daily lives. Some things we do in our service are the same Internet. But the things that are on the Internet are mostly posted by those guided by the spirit of the world. For example, pornography is common on the Internet, and it is easier for both adults and children to access it. People tend to use pornographic photos and videos as they do, not affecting the youth. Also, online news is a lot of fake news and lies. Others have been thrown out or have been framed and left blind. Not only that, what happens in people's lives, and what they are able to do, is pictures and videos that are posted on social media. Viewing such pictures and videos can make us feel like paying close attention to our service, and it makes us more likely to be happy and even to travel. —Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 Anything on the Internet that can take us too much time, or damage our minds, has to be careful about it. To that effect, we could ask ourselves: ‘engaging in internet communication is not about how long do I waste my time roaming with it?’ (Year. 5:15, 16) 'When I continue, what's that stuff I look at? How early do I get to know things that aren’t appropriate?’ (Dw. KDE37) 'Everything I see or read on it is just happening to me, or to me.

12. How does the world's spirit manifest itself on the Internet?

13. How do we use the Internet?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

am I willing to seek out the facts?’—Memab. 14:15.

14 If we can fight against the spirit of the world, the amount of time we spend online should be reduced. Also, we should not look at anything that isn't appropriate for a Christian. Besides, the things that children look at in social media should be a great source of attention to their parents. (Year. 6:4) Research suggests that young people who spend too much time online are less likely to be lonely or depressed. If you employ biblical advice, you can avoid online dangers.

14. How can we avoid online dangers?

YOU Can Wants!

15 If you see the spirit of the world set you free, take action early. You're the one we've been looking at. Let's take a look at Gloria. * When she narrowly learns and learned the truth, but she gave her name to mislead the world and money. “I wanted to be a singer, so I began to look up to studying, and I soon found out that my service to him was in vain,” he says. At some point, Gloria realized that the world's spirit had caused him to miss out on that goal. What did he do about it? “I began to study for a long time, and I began to pray more often,” he says.

* The names in this lesson have been changed.

15. What do you learn from Gloria's experience? (See also picture.)

How can you fight against the world's spirit? (See paragraph 15)

30 OWN-ABAN

Also, those who don't worship the one I was with, I cut them off. I'm happy now, because I have a relationship with Yam. I am proud to have been separated from the world’s spirit, but I am being taught by God.”

16 Let's take a look at Robert's experience as well. He made good friends when he was in high school. He also enjoys going through his uncle's way of doing things that are unfair and appealed to him. When it was done, he drank, drank alcohol, and had sex with men. “I felt that I could do anything to make myself happy,” he says. But he realized that if he had not been rich enough, the world would have made him a slave. (2 Pet. 2:19) What did he do about it? Robert says: “My friends are now the only ones who love God. I have changed my life; just how I got dressed and how I spoke, I have changed it.” How's Robert now? “I am content with my present life,” he says. “The more I get up every morning and realizes that the more I please him, the more I feel at ease with him. The life I had in the past was not the same.

17 What has been the subject of this study? We have realised that, we should resist the spirit of the world. To that end, we need to use language as a form of communication, stay away from habits, and be careful when accessing the Internet. It is true, the spirit of the world is strong, but that shouldn't make us afraid, because we can fight it. The reason for this is that, when we compare the power of Satan with his wicked world, theirs is relatively small. (Read 1 John 4:4.) Besides, he will give you his holy spirit so that you will not be lacking in any of the world's natural resources. (Luca 11:13) Let us all be determined that, we will fight against the spirit of the world, and give it to the holy spirit, which is directed to us!—Gal. 5:16.

16. What did you learn from Robert's experience?

17. Why can you be sure that you can resist the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

How Would You Answer?

How can we rob ourselves of the "spirit of the world" in our speech?

How can we avoid being contaminated by the “world’s” spirit?

How can we rob ourselves of the "spirit of the world" when we use the Internet?

DWOM 124 We'll Be Faithful forever

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

September 2026 Vol. 147, No. 10 TWI

TERMS IN THE TERMS OF THE TERMS

Study article to be studied November 2-8 2

Be assured that God will protect You

Academic article to be studied November 9-15 8

How to Listen to Jehovah with All our heart

Study article to be studied November 16-22 14

The Gospel is being preached “All the Different Languages of the Nations”

The course we are going to learn November 23-29 20

How the Priestly System Lets Us Know That God Love Us

Study article to be studied November 30–December 6 26

Be careful The “The Spirit of the World”

THE BIBLE

Let the Peace of Christ Be Upon Your Heart

Clause 15 of the Volta Chapter 3 describes the “peace of Christ.” What is the peace? It is a pleasant feeling because he is a student of Christ. What makes him so happy is that, he knows that he loves her and her son Jesus. 14:23, 27.

The Minister Paul urged the congregation to ensure that this peace do not be found in their hearts or in their hearts. How would they do it? The Greek term used by Paul is similar to a reference to a referee standing in a match. Just as he pointed out that in a game, “the peace of the Christ” should also have an effect on our minds and hearts.

For example, if there is a conflict between us and a brother, we need to let “the peace of the Christ” determine what we should do. If we let “the peace of the Christ” enter our heart, we will see how we can enjoy peace and harmony with our siblings. In order to do this, we need to invest in our preferences and feelings, ensuring that nothing is damaged between us and our siblings. If we do so, it means that we have made the peace of the Christ king in our heart. 3:12-14.

This book isn't for sale. We use it for biblical teaching work all over the world. People voluntarily donate to the project. For a refund, please visit donate.jw.org.

All the biblical text in this book comes from the Sacred Text—The New World's Translation, unless otherwise indicated.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Redirect the jw.org website in Twi, or scan this logo of your product

JW.ORG ®

w26.09-TW