JANUARY 2026

OWN-ABAN

CLEANLINESS OF THE HEADGENT

Season 2026 FACE:

“Happy and those who find themselves in need of the direction of God.”—MAT. 5:3.

ADESUACTION: MARCH 2-April 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

DWOM 97

Life Based on the Bible

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

We will look at how we need to continue we can enjoy ourselves.

Keep Instructing You

Season 2026 FACE:

“Happy and those who find themselves in need of the direction of God.”—MAT. 5:3.

THE God knows that in the absence of things, people can't live without things. These include what we will eat, what we will wear, and where we will put our heads. If we are hit by one of these things, life can become very difficult for us, or it can even cost us our lives. Apart from these necessities of life, we need something more; this is the direction of God. (Read Matthew 5:3.) For us to be happy, we need to accept that we need God's guidance and continue to trust him.

2 The Greek word translated “those who find themselves in need of the direction of God” is the idea behind it being someone who needs help asking someone to help him. For example, make sure you are sitting around the street begging for something; your clothes are all dirty, and you don't have enough food to eat. This is why he lost all his wealth. It is hot in the afternoon, and it is even cold during the night. Asamoah doesn't like being close to him. That's why he doesn't like it. This person begging knows that, to have a good life, one needs help. A person who knows he needs God's guidance can also be compared to the person begging for it. She knows she needs God's help in her life, so she also prays to God for help, and she accepts all the help that God gives her.

3 In this lesson, the woman Feinkeni who asked Jesus for help, we will first look at what we can learn from

1. What are some of the things that Jehovah knows people need? (Mateo 5:3)

2. If we say that a person “sees he needs God’s guidance”, what analogy can we describe it?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

The woman was humble, went on to ask Jesus for help, and gained faith in Jesus (see verse 5).

his case. The woman’s statement will show that, those who realize they need God’s guidance, there are three qualities that are to be found. Aside that, we will look at some of the lessons we can learn from the past, the past, Paul, and King David as well; all these men were led by God’s instructions.

COURTSHIP IN THE FOINICATION OF THE FOINICIA

4 A woman of Fonikeni came to Jesus. He was being 'ghosted by the evil spirit'. (Mat. 15:21-28) So he would bend Jesus' leg and ask him to help him. Let’s look at three things that the woman did at that time that we can learn.

5 Feinkeni woman subsided. Why can we say that? Because he was not angry when Jesus compared him to a dog, he was not angry. Dogs were common animals in the homes of non-Jewish people. If you were the one Jesus spoke to the dog, what would you do? Would you say that Jesus has insulted you so you don’t need his help again and are back? The female phone number didn't do that. Instead, he proved to be humble. Besides that, he also did something different. He went on to ask Jesus for help; he did not give up. What causes him to do that? Anti-Secretism of Jesus. The truth is, Jesus saw that the woman's faith was very high, so he was moved to help her. Although Jesus first said that only "Israel came from the lost sheep", Jesus drove the demon out of the woman's daughter for her.

6 To be guided by God we have to copy the Foinkeni woman. We must therefore humble ourselves and ask for his help. Also, Jesus Christ is the one through whom

4. What did a woman at Feinkeni want Jesus to do for her?

5. What did Jesus do for the woman, and what was against her? (See also picture.)

6. What do we learn from the Fonikeni woman's story?

JANUARY 2026 3

In the way of his followers, we need to have a strong faith in them. (Mat. 00:0045-47) By having faith in Jesus and in Jesus, humble ourselves, and always begging for their help, it makes both Jehovah and Jesus very happy. If we do that, they will help us and guide us. (cf. James 1:5-7.) Now, let’s take a look at what we can learn from the names of the emissaries Peter, Paul, and King David. It will help us to see how God directs us and how he helps us to enjoy ourselves, and how we can ensure the success of our plans.

SOLINESS OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING

7 Let's Look at the Apostle Peter. Peter was among the first Jews to recognize that Jesus was the Messiah. He saw that Jesus was walking on the road to give his people “life’s matters,” or spiritual food. (John. 6:66-68) Before his rise, Jesus entrusted Peter to 'supply his little sheep.' (John. 21:17) Peter accepted that work too, and did it equally. Asamoah has even written two letters that are now part of the Bible. Nevertheless, Peter needed to eat well in the spirit, or study the word of God. Thus the letters that God gave him to the Paul, Peter took a deep interest in them. He admitted that some of what Paul wrote was "life- hard." (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) But Peter did stop, he continued studying. He believed that the “strong food” written by God in his letters would help Paul understand and act.—Reading the Hebrew 5:14–6:1.

7. What work did Jesus give to Peter, and what was he supposed to do about it? (Hebrew 5:14–6:1)

8 Jehovah gave Peter a directive, and because he believed in God, he followed it. One day, when Peter was in Yopa, he had a vision. In the vision, God’s angel told Peter that, the help the Law of Moses forbidden him to eat was not to kill and not to eat. As a Jew, Peter had known the Law of Moses from a young age, so it was not his intention. So the angel said, “No, Lord, for I have never eaten anything that is dirty and dirty.” After that, the angel said to him: “The things that God has separated, do not say that it is dirty.” (Attention. 10:9-15) Peter then understood what the angel was saying, and changed his mind. How do we know that? After she had the vision, she was quickly approached by three men. They told him that their boss, Kornelio, had sent them to call him, and that he wanted to see him. Previously, Peter would never have gone to a non-Jewish home, because the Jews considered non-Jewish to be unclean. (Attention. 10:28, 29) But as soon as he gave Peter another direction, he accepted it. (Mmeb. 4:18) So he declared the good news to Kornelio and his household, and they believed Jesus, received holy spirit, and cried out.—Aso. 10:44-48.

9 As Peter did, the simple life of the truth of God's word must be learned often. But solid, or true, spiritual food

8. When Jesus came with his angel to give Peter another message, what did he do?

9. In what two ways does our study of hard-boiled spirituality help us?

4 OWN-ABAN

it is in the word of God that life is hard, too, that we should love to learn. Therefore, we should look for time to learn to understand each other. How will doing so help us? It will help us at least in at least two ways: One is to learn more about God, and it will give us more love and respect. Second, it will move us more deeply to tell others about our Father's beautiful behavior. (Roman. 11:33; Display. 4:11) We learn something new from Peter's statement: That is, if we get a new understanding of the word of God, we must accept it immediately and work on it. If we do so, he will continue to guide us in our faithful service.

SUTSE PAUL—USER THE NATIONal SUBAN

10 Another way in which he guides us is by letting us know what he wants us to do. It is to remove “the old behaviour” and to promote “the new character,” as said by the Paul. (Read 3:8-10.) wearing a new behavior is not a matter of one day; it takes time and effort. Let's use the example of the Paul. Since his youth, he has strived to please God. (Gal. 1:14; Philip. 3:4, 5) But he did not know the full knowledge of God, which would let him know how to serve him. He was also not conscious of Christ's teaching, and was haughty, which led to his being "a thorn in the ground". This is why his behavior is very bad to God.—1 Tim. 1:13.

10. According to Paul 3:8-10, what should we do to please God?

11 Before Paul became a Christian, he was bound to break his heart. The Acts of the apostles let us know that Paul was angry with the disciples of Jesus and that he wanted them to "kill them." (Attention. 9:1) So at the time he became a Christian, he must have been very careful not to let go of that old habit. (Year. 4:22, 31) However, for some time, Paul and Barnabas did not quite agree on a point, which led to "serious disputes." (Attention. 15:37-39) Here, Paul's behaviour repeated, but he did not give up. He continued to 'simulate his body,' that is, he must get his wife to control that vice, in order to please God.—1 Cor. 9:27.

12 The bad behaviour Paul was suffering from, he was able to get rid of his ways, and he was able to put on the new character, because he did not rely on his own strength. (Filip. 4:13) But as Peter did, Paul also relied on "the strength from God." (1 Pet. 4:11) After all, Paul was sometimes discouraged. When that happens, he thinks about the good things his Father has done for him, and that inspired him to continue trying to please his wife.—Roman. 7:21-25.

13 If we begin to serve God for a long time, or just a moment ago, we need to get married to break up our old habit, and to put on the new personality. This means that we must live up to what he teaches us. If we do that, we're trying to imitate Paul. Even though, some of the old behaviors can also beheadings; we may be angry

11. What bad attitude did Paul have to have to fight with his wife? Explain.

12. What helped Paul to get rid of the bad ways he was suffering?

13. How can we learn from Paul?

JANUARY 2026 5

We must continue to study the word of God well, put on the new personality, and let God protect us (see verse 18).

Have you ever even spoken to someone of the opposite sex? In that case, we should not lose hope. Instead, we should stay married to each other and make any necessary changes. (Roman. 12:1, 2; Efe. 4:24) In doing so, we must remember this point: The dress, if more than we are or caught, involves acting upon something before we can wear it. But the other character is that, if we can make a decision, it takes us to make a change, and we try to please him with the direction he gives.

SOLINESS OF DAWID

14 We have found that if we can be happy, we must study the word of God and wear the new character. But it is not only that, we also need the protection of God. How, then, does God protect us, and what kind of protection does he need?

14-15. How does God protect his people today? (Song:5) (See also picture in front of the Guardian-Government.)

15 King David was convinced that even during bad times, God would protect him. (Reading:5.) How does he protect us today? For one thing, everyone or everything that can damage our faith is protecting us. So even if people oppose us, he has promised us that every weapon that comes to us will never succeed. (Dw. 34:7; Yes. 54:17) Although, Satan and his supporters have authority, they will never be able to torture us forever. Even if we were killed, God will revive us. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Display. 21:3, 4) Also, if we are stressed, God helps us to endure, so that it will not destroy our relationship with him. (Mmeb. 12:25; Mat. 6:27-29) Besides this, he has given us many supporting brothers, and the visit of the church elders. (Yes. »1, 2) When we go to study, too, we are taught by God to know the exact things we do that will ensure his protection.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

6 OWN-ABAN

16 Whenever David listened to God, he helped him make good decisions, and it made David happy. So he took this opportunity to protect himself. (Comparison 5:1, 2) But when David broke God's law, it was very complicated that he did not hide his protection. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) At times, people used to bully David to suffer. When that happens, David prayed to God with his heart. What did Jehovah do to protect him? He comforted David, and assured him that he loved him very much, and that he would take care of him.—Dw. 23:1-6.

17 If we pray for guidance from God to make decisions, we are copying David. However, we must remember that if we never listen to and make bad decisions, we may suffer consequences, and that will not blame God for their actions. (Gal. 6:7, 8) Also, if people let us suffer, we can say our heart to him, and we have assurance that he will protect our minds and our heart.—Filip. 4:6, 7.

16. How did God protect David?

17. How can we learn from David?

COURTSHIP IN THE CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

18 Season 2026 states: "Happy are those who find themselves in need of the direction of God." You know very little about today. Why are we saying that? Because many people today don't agree that they need God's guidance. Others believe in God, but are either in the lie or in the wisdom of men. This is why they are not happy. We shouldn't imitate them. So, what should we do? We must continue to study the word of God well, put on the new personality, and to pay attention to God’s protection.

18. Today, what do many people not agree with, and what must we do to stay in the way that Jehovah directs us? (See also picture.)

Mobile Front: A sister wants to be safe so that she meets with her fellow Christians at school. Page 6: This same sister is studying the Guardian-Government, extending kindness to others to show that she has put on the new character. Additionally, he is being promoted and listened to by the older men of the society. All of this shows that he is giving guiderines to her.

How Would You Answer?

How can we imitate Peter and study the word of God well?

How can we imitate Paul and put on the new character?

How can we protect ourselves as David did?

DWOM 162

His Story Will Be My Meal

MARCH 9-15, 2026

DWOM 45

My Heart Disorder

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

How to deal with stress or stress.

If You Are stressed, What You Can Do

“My Story is pathetic!”—ROM. 7:24.

What do you think of the name of the Paul? Perhaps you would say that he was a brave missionary, able to teach well, or that he had written many books in the Bible. You say that without help. But he was like us, and sometimes he was able to cope with stress, despair, or stress.

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. From the letter Paul wrote to the Romans, he made it plain that he sometimes felt it. Today, too, many of us can feel the same way. Though he served God very well and very wanted to do his will, because of his shortcomings, it was difficult for him to do what God wanted all the time. Aside from that, the past sins could be felt. There was also a problem with her weeping over him.

3 The drawback to Paul and his past sins may have made him sad or discouraged, but he didn't let them worry about him. In this article, we will find the following questions: Why did Paul sometimes feel like 'civilized'? What did Paul do that made him sad or discouraged? If we, too, feel pain or stress, what can we do?

* Story BETWENDING: In this lesson, people who are sometimes stressed by stress or anxiety are talking about themselves, not those who have had a mental illness to see a doctor.

1-2. What was the spirit of the Paul, and why could the one who had taken it have helped us? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What questions will we answer in this article? (See also the “References of a Storyline.”)

8

WHY IS PAUL IMPORTANT OR BASIC?

4 Previous Crimes. Before becoming a Christian, Paul did many bad things and later regretted doing so. That time he was called Saul. What he did was, that he consented to stabbing Stephen, killing all of him and that he was ashamed. (Attention. 7:58; 8:1) Besides that, the hatred and abuse of Christians at the time was the ruler of the republic.—Aso. 8:3; KDE9-11.

5 When the Paul became a Christian, his past sin was sometimes very likely to suffer. His hatred towards the Christians was on the verge of everything going wrong, if he said that he was probably making him very nervous. For example, when he wrote his first letter to the Christians in 55, he said: “I am not fit to be called an apostle, because I hate the church of God.” (1 Cor. 15:9) Five years later, also writing to the Ephesians, he said that 'in all the holy ones, he has nothing to do with it.' (Year. 3:8) Writing also Timothy, Paul said: "I spoke ill of David, I hate people, and I took advantage of them.” (1 Tim. 1:13) And for you, see if Paul has visited a society to see some of these hated brothers or their relatives. Don't you realize it could be very difficult for him?

6 Physical failure. Paul was suffering from a severe pain in the past,” he said. (2 Cor. 12:7) Though Paul did not say the exact thing that was bothering him, his use of the metaphor makes us realize that it was something that made him very sad. It is possible that it was a disease or a mental illness that left her unconscious. *

7 And Disadvantages. Paul was able to make a mistake. (Reading Romans 7:18, 19.) Although he wanted to do what was right, his sins were not small to the point where he lived. He admitted that what he really wants to do is sometimes not what he wants, but what he does not want. After all, he was very good-looking. (1 Cor. 9:27) So if an evil person who had tried to get rid of his head, he would likely be in a bad mood!

What did Paul do about it?

8 As the spirit of God could help Paul and his fellow Christians to overcome their weaknesses and weaknesses, it was something he often wondered about. His correspondence informs us of that. (Roman. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul often spoke of the evil or evil desires against which Christians should fight. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) This makes us realize that, as far as he could control his weakness, he was concerned. So he studied the Bible for advice that would help him to know what changes he needed to make, and how to do so. We can believe Paul's advice

4. What made Paul sad?

5. How did Paul feel about the kind of sin he had committed in the past?

6. What was Paul so upset about? (See also footnote.)

*Given what Paul wrote, it lets us know that he was disturbed. If so, it would be difficult for him to write letters to the brewer and perform his services. (Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or else, the rumors that some teachers were talking about about him were abandoned by him. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) We don't know exactly what Paul was harassing, but we find that he could be sad.

7. Why was Paul at times difficult to do? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What do Paul's letters shed light on his weakness?

JANUARY 2026 9

to the others, to the other, to the other person.

9 Of course, Paul was sometimes discouraged, but there were some things that made him happy. For example, he was deeply inspired by the good news that was going on in various hands. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) The relationship he had with his fellow Christians was, in turn, a source of satisfaction to him. (2 Tim. 1:4) Also, another thing that made him happy was that his relationship with Jehovah was strong, and that he could serve God with a “good conscience. (2 Tim. 1:3) Even while in prison in Rome, Paul encouraged his fellow Christians to 'have no hope in the Lord.' (Filip. 4:4) Judging from what he said, nothing shows that he was overly anxious about his problems. This makes it clear that, when Paul realizes that he is being depressed about his problems, he immediately goes through things that will make him happy.

10 If Paul was discouraged, another thing that made him happy was that he was thinking about the reception. He knew that because he loved her, she made her kill his son. (Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) For this reason, he was very convinced that Jesus's forgiveness was through Jesus's sacrifice. (Roman. 7:24, 25) After all the sins Paul had committed and his offence, he was happy because he was able to give "serious service" to God.—Heb. 9:12-14.

11 As Paul did, we may also be trying to please God by what we think, what we do and what we say, but with what we have awakened. How unfortunate we would be and would say “I’m sorry!” A 20-year-old sister named Elizai describes her feelings: “I am deeply inspired by Paul’s words. It turns out to me that if he doesn't advise him that way, he also needs to make the same mistake. This reminded me that Jehovah is aware of what his people are going through.” Paul had a good conscience, and he was happy even if he was discouraged. Then, what can we do to learn from her?

What can we do if we lose our patience or our patience?

12 Keep doing things that will make you closer to God. Continuing to do things that make us draw closer to God brings us happiness. The things we do that draw closer to God can be compared to the things we do to energy. If we eat well, exercise, and sleep well, it makes us feel better. The things we draw closer to God also make us happy if we do them all the time. Some are to read the word of God regularly, study well before studying, and write answers. Also we shall be engaged in the field. If we continue to do all these, it will encourage us to focus on the good rather than the discourager.—Roman. 12:11, 12.

13 Let's not exemplify John's case; doctors told him that he had a previous experience. At that time, she was old.

* Some of the names have been changed.

9-10. What could have helped Paul to lose his happiness? (Efficians 1:7) (See also picture.)

11. Why can Paul's statement encouraging us?

12. How does continuing to do things drawing us closer to God?

13-14. What are some of the ways in which we communicate with our siblings?

10 OWN-ABAN

Paul was very disturbed by what he had done in the past, but thinking about his reception helped him to feel happy.

(See sections 9-10)

13 At first, she was depressed and stressed anxiety. He wondered, ‘How does this kind of disease affect a young person like me?’ At that time, her son was only three years old. Then what happened to John? Listen to his words: “The illness made me very tired, but I found out that all the things we do in the service of God will be done forever with my family. Therefore, we never dropped out of class, and we used to go out in the week and engage in family worship. Even if it were hard, we would be fine.” “I can’t blame you for what happened to you,” John goes on to say after looking at him. Later, though, you see evidence of how much he is helping you. Asamoah has given me his strength.

“I am reminded that what I hear or study is what I know,” says aforementioned Eliza. “I am reminded that he listens to me and loves me very much. That makes me happy.

Let's take care of Nolan, too. He is a district officer in Africa. “Even if we’re discouraged, we keep doing what we do in the service of our God,” he says. Doing so, it lets us know that, indeed, we are helping us to enjoy ourselves. We must remember that he will help us and bless us; we do not know how he will, but we know that he will.”

15 We have seen that if we are sad or discouraged, we should continue to do things in the service of our God. Besides, though, we may need to invent new things. For you, let's not pretend to be a traitor. You may be helpful if you walk bickery every day. But if the pain will stop completely, you may need to do something new. If you can see the cause of the pain, you may need to do it.

15. What might we need to do if we are sad or discouraged? Define an analogy.

JANUARY 2024 11

If you are stressed, find specific information that will help you and learn (see paragraph 17)

research and even see a doctor. We too, if we are afflicted by stress or stress, we may need to research the Bible and the various books of the flock. Maybe we should talk about it with a mature brother or sister who can give us good advice. Let’s take a look at some new signs of help.

16 Please help yourself to find out the true cause of grief or anxiety. King David was aware that she was well known to him, so he pleaded with God to help him find out why he was “depressed” with her. (Readings 139:1-4, 23, 24.) Also, you can ask for his help in learning about your grief or anxiety, and about what you can do about it. You might also ask yourself: ‘What’s worrying me? What's the cause of the delay? What's worrying me is that I can get rid of my mind right away?’

17 To help you cope with your problem, learn about it. Your study of the qualities of your personality will help you, even though they are very small. If we look at the case of the Paul, he is very concerned about the salvation and forgiveness of God, and it has helped him a lot. You can do the same, too. You can learn more about God's mercy, forgiveness, and love forever. You Can Check with a Book by Jehovah's Witnesses, Watch Tower Publications

16. If you are stressed, what will help you to know about the cause? (Song 139:1-4, 23, 24)

17. What course will help you to pay attention to material that will encourage you? (See also picture.)

12 ADOPTIONS-ABAN

The index or any other book in your language has done so. Take anything you can do to help you, write down the topic. Any other acquisition, write down. Now, take a look at where you are and learn some of them every time you are stressed out. Whatever you learn, try to employ it.—Filip. 4:8.

The aforementioned 18 Eliza study of Job. He said: “I, too, faced a series of challenges like Job. Her problems were very painful, and she didn't even know where they came from. But in spite of that, he has never distanced himself from Jehovah.” (Hiob 42.1-6) “I am studying the book of Jehovah with my husband,” says aforementioned Diane. Just as a weaver weaves gabble, we also appreciate the beauty of our knuckles. So even if we make mistakes and are discouraged, let us focus on that instead of thinking that we are helping us to a better person. This strengthens our relationships with him.”—Yes. 64:8.

18. What have some Christians learned about that?

Make sure the right times come when you don't want to.

19 Even if we do all the things we have discussed in this article, we ought not expect the stress or anxiety we are under will disappear. The sad thing is that, no matter what happens, for all concerned things, he will help us to focus on the good. Therefore, we can be sure that we have a good conscience to serve God to make us happy.

20 Let us do our best not to let our past, our problems or our shortcomings stress us. Let us be certain that he will help us and not give up on us. (Dw. 143:10) At one point, the problem and anxiety will all be lost. At that time, we will only think about good things once we get up in the morning. We shall be happy to serve our God, our God, who loves us!

19. What shouldn't we expect, but what assurance can we get?

20. What are you determined to do?

How Would You Answer?

Why did Paul sometimes feel so sorry?

Of course, Paul was sometimes discouraged, but what helped him to serve God with a good conscience?

What can we do if we are stressed or stressed?

DWOM 34 I Will Walk in Wrestling

MARCH 16-22, 2026

DWOM 20

You gave Us Your Kid

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

How the ransom can give us forgiveness, how it can guarantee our hope of becoming unified, and how it can help us to have a friendship with Jehovah.

14

Why We Need the Reception

“The body that is carrying me through this death, who will take me out of his hand?”—ROM. 7:24.

THE adage that a shed has fallen, and someone enters it without death, cannot fly out. What do you think she can do? All he can do is to shout and not greet someone.

2 For us, in any of us, it seems that he has defrauded us. Why are we saying that? For asamoah turned out to be a bad person. Later, he gave birth to all his children. So the evil that happens in the room is all over humanity, and we don’t get out. In his letter to the Romans, the Paul said that evil has made us all ' slaves'. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) The evil that Paul got from Adam would in any way bring him to death. (Roman. 6:23) So he asked, “Who will take me out of his hand, the body that is leading me to this death?” We, too, are in the same situation, so we need someone who can't admit it.

3 “Who will take me out of his hand,” Paul asked. Does that mean his dream had come true? No. After that, he said in confidence: “Thank you God through our Lord Jesus Christ!” (Roman. 7:25) What Paul wanted to mean was that, by means of Jesus' reception sacrifice, we had been saved. * As a result of the reception sacrifice, (1) is-

* DECTYPE OF A SYMPTOMS: Reception is something that is paid to save an accomplice. Jesus' sacrificial death is also a ransom, because, it saves obedient people from sin and death.

1-2. Why do we need a client? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also picture.)

3. For the reception, what can we get?

As this building has collapsed against this man who can't come out, so we, too, seem to start up wrong and wrong without going out, so we need a rescue worker.

(See sections 1-2)

we can get forgiveness, (2) we can hope to go to equality, and (3) we can also make friends with Jehovah. We will think about that in this lesson, and it will enhance our love for God, because he is “the God who gives hope." (Roman. 15:13) Also, the love we have for Jesus, through whom we “have enjoyed the fire,” will make it difficult for us.—Coll. 1:14.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS FOR THE LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

4 We need the ransom so that God can forgive us our sins. We all do bad in our speech and our actions. (Read Publisher 7:20.) Some of the sins we commit. This is how the law of Moses must be killed if a person commits adultery or murder. (Lev. 20:10; Num. 35.30, 31) But some of the sins are not that horrible. All of them are evil. For example, singer David said: “I will take good care of my steps and not give up on my tongue,” he said. (Dw. 39:1) This means that, even what we say may be wrong.—Yak. 3:2.

5 Asamoah, have you ever said something or done? We believe we have done such a thing. “We don’t care what we do,” said Bi-ble without saying. “We were lying to ourselves, and the truth was not in us,” he said. ”—1 Yoho. 1:8.

6 As a result of his justice, he had to do something and have found a basis to forgive us. Therefore, the salvation is on the basis of his forgiveness. (Year. 1:7) But that doesn't mean, that we don't care if we do it wrong. We don’t want to do what is bad.”Yes. 59:2.

7 The Law of Moses provided that if the sons of Israel did not commit a crime, they had to sacrifice animals in order to cover their sins. (Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) Such a sacrifice was even more than the sacrifice that Jesus would sacrifice in the future; Jesus' sacrifice would bring many blessings to humanity. That is how we will be forgiven on the basis of our sins. Paul knew

4-5. Why do each of us need the ransom? (Publisher 7:20)

6-7. On what basis does God forgive us? (See also picture.)

JANUARY 2026 15

the benefit of Jesus' sacrificial death, because his letter to the Christians in Christo referenced it. After he said about their past sins, he told them: “But you have been washed clean; you have been clean; you have been declared innocent in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the spirit of our God. ”—1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 Before you go to the Festival of this year, just as the pardon of God has helped you, you can take some time to consider it. For example, because of the ransom, if you have a past wrong habit, you should not let it continue to bother you. But you may find it difficult to admit that your sins have been forgiven by God. Speaking out, you might even say to yourself, ‘I believe that, my sins could be forgiven by God, but for myself, it is difficult for me to know that I am in that regard.’ If that is how you feel, please bear in mind the facts: pardoned by God, Jesus is the one who has given her the power to judge. So whether a person is forgiven by God or not, it is not to you or not. The Bible states: "If we go through the light as [God] himself is in the light, 2. 2. his son Jesus has washed us from all sin.” (1 Yoh. 1:6, 7) As we believe in other biblical teachings, it is equally true that we must believe this too. For the sake of the ransom, we can be forgiven by God. The Bible also states that “God is ready to forgive 86:5.

Acknowledgements give us hope that we can move forward.

9 When the Bible says “bad deeds”, it does not merely mean bad deeds, but it can also mean the sins we were born with. (Readings 51:5 and below.) Misbehaviour is not only the bad practices that squeeze us into action but also that leads to sickness, old age, and hard times.

8. Before you go for this year's Eve, what can you do?

9. When the Bible says bad things, what else can it mean? (Song 51:5 and footnotes)

The animal sacrifice was a sacrifice that Jesus would sacrifice in the future and a blessing that would bring to humanity. (See sections 6-7)

16 OWN-ABAN

We're dying. For this reason, even children who have never done anything wrong can also get sick and die. For this same reason, whether we are poor or bad, all of us suffer and die. The truth is, because of the sin we got from Adam, we are all sinners.

10 Adam and Eve did the wrong, what happened to them, you think about it. When they violated the 'written' law of God, their conscience began to be deeply moved. (Roman. 2:15) They found something to change among them. As a result, they felt like they had to cover their nakedness and find a place to hide and hide so that their Creator would not identify them. (Gen. 3:7, 8) They were anxious, confused, felt insecure, and so became ashamed. In all their lives, nothing like this has ever happened to them. The condition they went into, whether they wanted it or not, and it would make them stressed to death.—Gen. 3:16-19.

11 The sins that Adam and Eve committed, just as they were tortured, are the same as today, we are saddened by the sins we have committed. The weakness we are going through and the suffering we are eating is all because of our faults. We may try to keep ourselves separate, but at no rate do we prosper. Why is it? Because the Bible says that we are "sinned with visions." (Roman. 8:20) This article is about individuals and people around the world. For example, today people are doing their best to protect the land, fight crime, eradicate poverty, and end war. All their efforts are like they are putting a basket on the water. But, thanks to the ransom, there is hope.

12 The Reception gives us hope that, "the creature itself . 2. 2. shall be free from corruption that has made him a slave.” (Roman. 8:21) This means that when we get into equality in God's new world, sickness, sleep and stress will no longer bother us. Also, our conscience will not be in trouble, and we will be safe. Again, our efforts to manage the land, and to uphold peace will be successful. Why is it? Because Jesus Christ, who is "King of Peace," and gave his life as a ransom for us, is the one who will rule over us. 9:6, 7.

13 If there is no more sin and defect, for the sake of life you take it into consideration. You get up every morning, and you are determined; you don’t worry about what you and your loved ones are going to eat, and don’t be afraid of getting sick or dying. 'This kind of hope for a soul, which stands firm and unmoving,' even today, can guarantee peace. (Heb. 6:18, 19) As turtle can keep a seaman stable, your hopes can strengthen your faith, and any test you encounter can help you to endure. The truth is, you can be sure that he will bless you, because he is “paying back those who are searching for him.” (Heb. 11:6) Your hope for the future and the comfort that gives you it, is because of the ransom and is able to make it possible.

10. What did Adam and Eve do that for?

11. What's wrong with us?

12. What kind of hope does the ransom offer?

13. Before you go for this year's Eve, what can you think of?

JANUARY 2026 17

Only the sacrifice of Jesus can be forgiven on the basis that our sins are forgiven (see verse 16).

Acknowledgements can be made between a friend of God and a friend of God

14 Since Adam and Eve committed a crime, humans have separated from God. The Bible even states that all humans have a bad relationship with their Creator. (Roman. 8:7, 1:21) Why is it? For he is clean, and all his ways are upright, so he will not be able to control evil. “You are too holy to watch what is bad, and you can’t watch what is bad for it,” the Bible says about God. (Hab. 1:13) Thus, sin has become a great stone lying between us and God. None of us can have a relationship with God unless he has rested his chin on the stone and has made it possible for us to turn to God through it. The reception turned out to be a frenzy.

15 The Bible states that Jesus is "a fish sacrifice for our sins." (1 Yoh. 2:2) The Greek word for “sacrifice” can refer to what is done to make someone feel better. How did Jesus's sacrifice make people contract with him? We should not assume that Jesus' death was a good omen to God. Rather, it was necessary to ensure that God did not violate his own laws of justice. Jesus' death gave God the basis for peace. (Roman. 3:23-26) As a result, even people who serve God with integrity before Christ's death, and who can 'break' their justice. (Gen. 15:1, 6) How? Because he knew that whatever happens, Jesus will pay the ransom. (Yes. 46.10) With the ransom, we can have a relationship with God again.

16 Because you are in a relationship with God, see your happiness. For example, you may call on the Lord “Your Father”, as Jesus taught us to do. (Mat. 6:9) Even if you may be, you may call it “your Friend.” To call on our “Father” or “Friends”, we need to show respect and humility. Why is it? For we are bad people, and we are bad people.

14. How bad did Adam and Eve get along with each other, and what was the consequences?

15. What value does the sacrifice of Jesus have to have?

16. Before you go for this year's Eve, what else can you think of? (See also picture.)

18 OWN-ABAN

Any one of us who has a relationship with God is not just a person’s efforts, but only his kindness; acknowledgement has enabled him to thrive. Through Jesus 'the blood he shed on the cross has brought together all things, and has made peace between God and us.' (Coll. 1:19, 20 Therefore, although evil is still with us, we can make friends with Jehovah.

Acknowledgements make us known that we have God's mercy

17 Reception makes us very aware of the “rawness of Jehovah’s mercy.” 'Even when we were dead in error, he gave us life.' (Reading Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Those who “have a good heart that can make them alive forever” are like the man who stumbled. They find that sin and sin are having a hard time, so they cry out for help. (Attention. 13:48) Through the good news of the Kingdom, Jehovah also listens to the cry of those, so that they may come to know about him and his Son Jesus. (John. 17:3) If it was Satan who would have caused Adam and Eve to sin and have caused the purpose of God's purpose to be corrupted, then, he has failed forever.

18 If we are thinking about the reception, for the most part, we need to keep it in mind. Of course, reception helps us in many ways, but we must remember that it is not our salvation that is the main reason why he gave the reception. The main reason for the recognition was that, the false accusations against him in the garden of Eden would be addressed by means of it. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) By means of the ransom, the Lord will decrease his name, that is, from his small point of view, he will remove it. He will also save us through the ransom and save us from sin and death to show that he is a God of love. Besides, despite our sins, we have been granted the privilege that we can also refer to as Satan's claims about him as true. (Mmeb. 27.11) Then, how will you appreciate the reception? We will find the answer to that question in the next lesson.

17. How does the ransom make us know that God has mercy? (Effices 2:4, 5)

18. When it comes to the reception, what should be kept in mind?

HOW WEARING HATS BEGAN IN DAGBON . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2. 2.

amnesty?

is it hope we can get to equality?

is it certain that we can make friends with Jehovah?

DWOM 19

Lord's Dinner

MARCH 23-29, 2026

DWOM 18

The ransom is precious to us.

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

What we can do to show that the ransom is precious to him.

How Can You Show Your Interest in the Reception?

"The love the Christ has for us. ”—2 KOR. 5:14.

Remember you were in a room and you were shocked to sign it. As soon as you start, everyone will pick you up. That person, do you think you're going to fall on the floor? Even if you were not the only one who betrayed you, you are likely to move your own feet to sleep with him, and you have shown that, what he has done to you, you can never fall asleep.

2 As indicated by the preceding lesson, evil that we have been born on is like a strange room. If we don't get caught, we'll be in a chair. However, because Jesus has adopted the sacrifice, we can take on ourselves. How? First, thanks to the ransom, if we commit sin, we are able to be forgiven by God. Second, it gives us hope that the future will entirely disappear from us. third, it allows us to make a close friendship with God. Therefore, we hope that in the future we can live forever in the new world. Let's say, the reception has made us realize that Jesus is in love with man; he has not come to earth at all, and we are hoping in his heart. (Mmeb. 8:30, 31) The Apostle Paul wrote that "the love the Christ has for us.” (Read 2 Christians 5:14, 15.) This means that the love Jesus showed us should move us to do something in order to please him.

3 What will you do to show your gratitude for Jesus' death? What you might not be the same as what you're doing is probably not the same as what you're doing. We don't use a parable to explain the meaning of what we are saying. Suppose a group of three were traveling to a town. Each has a different city, so it's not the same style that all of them will go. We, too, differ from person to person.

1-2. What should be moved by Jesus' reception of the sacrifice, and why? (2Colonial 5:14, 15) (See also picture.)

3. The way you would appreciate the ransom may not be the same as that of someone else. Why is it?

20

If someone unexpected you and someone removes you, that person will never take care of you. Jesus has saved us from sin and death. Doesn't we be more grateful? (See sections 1-2)

Stay with Jehovah, so the way everyone appreciates the ransom is different. In this article, we will consider some of the ways in which Bible students, baptismrs, and others who have abandoned the ministry of the Lord can express their gratitude for the ransom.

Bible Student

4 If you are studying the Bible, remember that even the fact that you have agreed to study the Bible shows that you are being drawn to him. (John. 6:44; Ear. 13:48) The Bible states that "the one who seeks of heart is Jehovah." This means that, no matter what effort you make to learn about him, any changes you make in his or her ability to obey his laws, it is in vain. (Mmeb. 17:3; 27:11) With the ransom, you can make a lasting friendship with Jehovah. (Roman. 5:10, 11) Never forget this fact.

5 If you are a student with one of his or her witnesses, then how will you prove that you are thankful for the ransom? One thing you can do is to listen to the advice Paul gave to the Filipinos. He told them: “As far as we’ve made progress, let’s keep pace in this direction.” (Filip. 3:16) Another edition of the Bible also interprets this text as: "Where we set our eyes on it, let us keep it straight forward." Therefore, remember that you are on the same path in life, so don’t let anything draw you back.”Mat. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 Have you recently learned something from the Bible that you don't understand? If so, research and pray for help to understand better. (Dw. 86:11) If after all you understand it, put it before you, but don't stop learning the Bible. On the other hand, some bad news that the Bible says is against and it is hard for you to stop. If so, remember that, we are not expected of God to be above us. So what he says we can do, you can do. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) By the way, everything is possible; your promise is to help you, so do not give up. (Yes. 41.10, 13; 1 Kor. 10:13) So, what's wrong with you, don't let that happen to you.

4. What gives a person the habit of study the Bible?

5. In the article at 3:16 with the students of the Bible, how will they operate?

6. What can a Bible student do if he does not understand a biblical theory or a hard one to stop a crime? (Deuterenomium 30:11-14) (See also picture.)

JANUARY 2026 21

We don't expect it of ourselves. Whatever he says he will do, he will help us to do it (see verse 6).

You don't mind, but think about the good things that Jehovah has done for you. Some of them are the reception. If your love for God is great, you will know that “his commandments are not a burden. ”—1 Yoho. 5:3. *

7 How about you children raised in the religion of your parents? You too are Bible students. The truth is, you are important to all of your parents' Bible students. The Bible says: “draw close to God and he will draw close to you.” (Yak. 4:8; 1 Be. 00:009) So if you do some things that will make you closer to God, he will draw close to you. Do not assume that your parents are witnesses of Jehovah and that, instead, they want you to be his friend. How can you make friends with him? It is the death of Jesus that will make you remember it; never forget that it is a precious gift given by God

* To help you apply the Bible you are learning, the section “ In the book, do the activity there.

7. What can children think of when they are raising their parents in the faith?

22 OWN-ABAN

favour us. (Roman. 5:1, 2) Therefore this year, before you go to the Memorial, the blessing of Jesus' death brings you, sit down and think about it. If you are so think about it, do not be so sensitive to yourself and have a balanced view of yourself to show that you are grateful to what he has done for you through his Son Jesus. * <<P

we will learn, pursue a certain course, and also participate in the field, but we may simply be doing something; we are not motivated by love of God. So what can we do if we experience a drop in the love we used to have?

The 10 Prophet Paul advised Timothy to 'focus his whole mind on the ministry of the Lord,' and also to improve his religion, 'do not worry about it.' (Read 1 Timothy 4:13, 15.) So try to meditate on that advice, and find ways to serve God better, so as to be 'aggressive in spirit.' (Roman. 12:11) As an example, what we learn under study, you can learn it well before going, so that you can follow the lesson with your mind. Or if you study hard, you may find a place to relax and reflect on what you are learning. Doing so will greatly benefit you. If you fire and you want it to go on, you can still place it in the fire. For us including the ransom, you need to pay more attention to what you have said. Also, within a few weeks of remembering Jesus' death, you can think of the blessing that comes upon his witnesses. Doing so will help you to build a greater appreciation for your ransom, because that is what opens the way for you to become a friend of the Lord.

11 Even though you see the zeal you put in service to God, when it has gone down

10

Ask yourself, “What steps can I take to move and make me a 'best' relationship with Jehovah?” (See verse 16)

JW.ORG

don’t look at what you really are.” So even though we must live and live our lives to see the way things are going. We can ask ourselves: 'Is my life activities related to service to God in the first place in my life?' (Mat. 6:33) 'When I look at things that I like, can I say most about myself?' (Dw. 97:10) ' Am I a peacemaker, and do I try to promote peace in the society?' (Year. 4:2, 3) This commemoration period is the best time to meditate on these questions. Asamoah and his son Jesus have expressed their love for us. What they have done for us is love them. If we do that, it will prevent us from doing what we want, but we will see to it that everything we do will please both God and Christ. *

Abandonment of Jehovah

14 While we are speaking, some of our brothers have stopped serving the Lord. Some of them have served the Lord for many years, others have started serving him and sacked him a few months later. What causes it? Some experience “social anxiety” and self-control. (Luca 21:34) Some of them also had a Christian say or did something to make it more self-conscious. (Yak. 3:2) Others committed a grave offence that they had to seek help, but took no steps. So, if for some reason you have given up worshipping God, what can you do? love for you that is why he made his son Jesus die for you, what should that motivate you?

15 For those who have abandoned the ministry of the Lord, have you seen that he has set them free from his anger or anger? No thank you! When a person cease to serve God, he is strongly lobbied for the man. When she finds him, she teaches him, and helps him come back to him. (Read Hezekiel 34:11, 12, 16) Do you, too, know that he is looking for you and that he is looking for you to return to him? Yes! What you are reading at all means means that you want to go back to God. He saw something good in your heart, so he pulled you away from the truth. He still finds something.

* For a discussion on how to appreciate the way you can express your gratitude to God for what he has done for you, see the study article “What motivates You to serve God?” On 15 June 1995, the Guardian-Government.

14. What can cause some to lose their worship of God?

15. For those who have stopped serving God, what has he done to show concern for them? (Hesekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

24 OWN-ABAN

There's something good in your heart, that's why he wants to draw you back.

16 When you look back to the book of God, there is a very encouraging note. “You have been assured that if you turn back to your God, he will rescue you,” he says. He'll help you cope with stress, and you'll get rid of any pain. Then you will have a good conscience and will enjoy peace and tranquility. That will tell you and your fellow Christians to worship Jehovah again.” Also remember that the elders are ready to help you. It may be that “the windshield, and the windshield” are yours. (Yes. KDE2) We know that you are happy about the reception, so ask yourself, “What steps can I take to improve my relationship with Jehovah?” (Yes. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) Amongst the things you can do, you can go to classes in the Kingdom Hall. Also, you can tell one of the officials that you want to go back to Jehovah. Maybe he will arrange for you to study for a while. Remember that every decision you take to come back to God shows that you are grateful to him and that he will also bless you.

16. What can help those who have abandoned the ministry of the Lord to return to him? (See also picture.)

What will you do?

17 Jesus said that he was sent by God to sacrifice his life, "and no one who believes him will be destroyed, but will everlasting life." (John. 3:16) Sin and death have made human beings embarrassed, but by the ransom Jehovah can make us separate. What the reception has done for us should never forget. (Roman. 3:23, 24; 2 Kor. 6:1) Just days before remembering Jesus' death, take time to think about the love that has been shown to us by both Jesus and Jesus. If you do that, it will make you jealous.

18 So, what will you do to show your gratitude for the ransom? What you might not be the same as what you recommend may be. However, remember that, God’s people around the world are trying to 'no longer live for themselves, but to live for them.' So, too, if you try, you can be sure that God will bless you. —2 Kor. 5:15.

17-18. If we have a little more time to remember Jesus' death this year, how can we make better use of our time?

How Would You Answer?

If you are a student of the Bible, how can you prove that you are grateful to the ransom?

If you have a shower, what can you do to show your gratitude for the ransom?

Once you have stopped serving God, what can you do to show that you are happy?

DWOM 14

Akyei Don't Tell the New King of the Earth

MARCH 30–APRIL 5, 2026

DWOM 76

What an Exuberance!

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

We will look at how we tell the truth, and how we tell the truth in the Bible about people's hearts.

If You Are Exaggerating the Truth

‘Yes, the true God.’—DW. 31.5.

When we meet our brother, Jehovah’s Witness, and talk to him often, we ask, “How did you come to know the truth?” Some people claim that their parents raised them in the truth. Others can say that they have just come to the truth. Whether we teach us the truth or not, we each allow the truth of God's word to rest in everything. because we know that if we put the truth in our lives, then it will bring us trust in his family. One of the ways we live our life with the truth is by telling the truth and doing good. 15:1-3.

2 Jesus was always right, and everyone knew that. Even his enemies admitted he was right, but they did not. (Mat. 22:16) Jesus let his disciples know how people would respond to the truth he was teaching. He said: "I have come up with division, and a man has opposed his father, and a daughter has opposed her mother, and a married woman has opposed her position.” (Mat. 10:35) It was not what Jesus wanted that people would oppose him and his disciples, but he knew that for what he said, it was bound to happen. (Mat. 23:37) He knew that telling the truth would delay people in the world for two hours; some would enjoy it, and some would not.—2 Tes. 2:9-11.

3 We too are honest, but we always try to tell the truth in imitation of Jesus. Also, the biblical truth we define-

1. What steps should be taken to ensure that our family is acceptable to God?

2. (a) What did people know about Jesus? (b) How did Jesus teach the truth that would make people respond?

3. What will we consider in this article?

26

Some don't like it very much, but we don't like it. You see, this means that the way we explain the truth is the time we do it, should we? No thank you! In this article, we will find the answers to these questions: Where are we going to learn the truth? Why do we have to tell the truth? How do we talk about it? When should we explain the truth? These questions will help us to consider how to improve our speech when teaching the truth, and when to speak.

Where shall we find the truth?

4 Jehovah is the source and the truth. So every story he says is true. For example, his commandments are all true. (Dw. 19:9;•142, 151) Also, any predictions he predicts. (Yes. 55:10, 11) Whoever promises him/her, he/she follows. (Fiber. 23:19) The truth is, Jehovah will never tell a lie! (Heb. 6:18) For all this is why the Bible says that the Lord is the "true God."—Dw. 31.5.

Some say that it is difficult to know “the true God” Jehovah, but it is not true. Because everything around us proves his existence. (Roman. 1:20) When speaking to some Greek scholars in Athens, the apostle Paul said that God wants us 'to know him,' and that he "does not get along with us either." (Read Acts of the Apostles 17:27.) The fact is, those who are humble when seeking the truth are drawn to him by his steps. 6:44.

4. Why can we say that the truth comes from God?

5. Why is it so simple to know the “true God”? Explain. (The Acts of the Apostles 17:27)

6 One way to come to know Jehovah is by studying the Bible. The men who wrote the Bible were enabled by God's holy spirit. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21 So every word in the Bible is true, and we can believe it. For example, the Bible informs us that God created the heaven and the earth, human beings and animals. (Gen. 1:1, 26) Also, it reveals why all humans are evil and why suffering and death have so advanced. (Roman. 5:12; 6:23) Moreover, it states that the problem that Satan the “fake father” has brought about will be solved all by means of his son. (John. 8:44; Rome. 16:20) The Bible also states that, Jesus will destroy the wicked, resurrect the dead, clean the earth, and help us get rid of evil and evil. (John. 11:25, 26; 1 Yoh. 3:8) All that the Bible says, we can believe it to the best. He has taught us the truth, and he has allowed us to go through with other teachings. This is a great opportunity he has given us!—Mat. 18:19, 20.

Why should we talk about it?

7 As we have already seen, in order to be part of the family of Jehovah, we must be honest. But for God to accept us, it is not only true that we need to say, but also that our ability to tell the truth about him. While Jesus was working on earth, let's see what happened once. (Read Mark 3:11, 12.) On one occasion, Jesus was speaking to a crowd near the sea of Galilee.

6. What are some of the facts about the Bible, and why are you interested in these facts?

7-8. Is the opinion we make about the truth important? Make an example. (Marko 3:11, 12) (See also picture.)

JANUARY 2026 27

To whom do you praise praise when you explain the truth? (See sections 7-8)

He surrounded himself. There were some people who were prejudiced against them among these crowds, who fell at Jesus' feet and shouted: "You are the Son of God." Why did the demons say this fact about Jesus? The audience might want to believe him, and he was gradually drawn away from God. What the demons said was true, but they did not hold in their minds. As for Jesus, dust could not be caused by his eyes, since he had already seen their minds. So he urged the demons not to tell anyone about him.

8 What can we learn from this? This is because, the reason we tell the truth is very important to God. For this reason, love of God is so important that it motivates us to tell the truth, and if others give us glory, we must give it all to him!—Mat. 5:16: compare the Acts of the Apostles at 14:12-15.

9 For us, let us look at something else that should not be taken for granted. Suppose an elderly person in the community told us a secret, but you would see and share it with others. For those to whom we will tell them, they may be happy when they learn that what we have said is true, and they have come to realize that we know a lot of secrets. In that case, we may be given special respect, but it will not please God. (Mmeb. 11:13) Why is it? Because we don't have the right to disclose secrets even though what we said is true. Besides, the idea we have discussed is not the same as that.

How can we teach the truth?

10 Read at 4:6 p.m. The apostle Paul told the Christians who lived in Mesopotamia

9. What shouldn't we do, and why?

10. What shows that the language of our lips should be made known in the Bible? (Colose 4:6)

28 OWN-ABAN

he should always be kind to them. What does that mean? The Greek word used here means that in speaking, we have to say words that will help people. Aside from that, we need to make it plain that they have a heart-to-heart.

11 Paul's advice that we should speak ill of our mouth should be used in teaching others the truth. The Bible states that the truth of God's word is like a sharp knife that can separate a soul from the spirit. This means that, what actually exists in us, the word of God can make it known. (Heb. 4:12) But if we do not use the Bible correctly, it can provoke anger and cause controversy. How can something like this ever happened?

11-12. When teaching the truth, why should we be cautious? For an example. (See also picture.)

12 For instance, we don't take it for granted that we are in the field and that we are going to buy some good. He is a frequent devotionalist, celebrating Christmas and Easter with his family. Of course, we can make it clear to them from the Bible that it is not good for someone to pray to god, and we have shown it to them that Christmas and Easter come from gods. (Yes. 44:14-20; 2 Kor. 6:14-17) But if we do that on the very first day, the truth is that we, too, did not use the word of God correctly.

13 Paul said we should also keep salt laws in our speech. What he meant was, that, if there was a truth, we didn’t cut it short or cut it short. Instead, he is encouraging us to improve our speech, so that we can tell the truth to people and reach their heart. (Hiob 12:11) But this can be difficult. If we cook food, we'll be able to eat it.

13. How can we bring salt in our speech?

How do you teach the truth very well? (See sections 11-12)

To imitate Jesus, we need to know the right time to teach the truth. Also, we must not let go of everything to them as soon as possible.

(See paragraph 15)

I have come to the conclusion that the more salt we want in the food, the more everyone wants it. When we talk, it may seem that everyone likes it, but it is not true. For example, when you visit some countries, people say things that interest them; they even talk to them if the person is older than you are. In other countries, however, they are not talkative, so if someone openly says such things, they are seen as unclean, and they are very disturbed. Paul said we should know how to 'answer' everyone. This means that when we talk, we should use the language as a form of communication to resemble the one who listens to us and not to speak as we please.

When should we teach the truth?

14 When Jesus was speaking to his disciples, he always made his mouth beautiful, and he patiently explained to them many things. (Mar. 6:34) But they still had a lot of things to learn. Did Jesus finish all he knew about them? No. He knew that there were things that didn't make sense at all. He even told them that they would not be able to carry what he had said. (John. 16:12) What do we learn from this?

15 What Jesus did let us know that knowing the truth does not mean that teaching people everything we know, we have to finish all the work once and for all. So, how can we imitate Jesus? We have to get people understood. For example, let’s take a look at the father eating Christmas and Easter with his family. We know that these celebrations come from worshipping idols and are not acceptable to God. But suppose that it was a week or two before you celebrated Christmas and that you started studying with your father. If we let him know what the Bible says about the gravel

14. On earth, did Jesus teach his disciples everything he knew? Explain.

15. Do we have to finish all that once in a while? Explain. (Words 5:11) (See also picture.)

30 OWN-ABAN

worship celebrations and if we expect a sudden break from Christmas, can we say that we had a good time speaking? Although, there are some Bible students who practice what they learn from the Bible, it is readily used. Others need time to adapt. To help our Bible students grow, what they need to know, we need to know when and when to send and tell them.—Reading Principle 5:11.

16 If we help people find out the truth about Jehovah, even the interest we get, it is difficult to explain it. To help others ‘ continue walking in the truth’ we need to do the following: Keep a good example for them. (3 Yoh. 3, 4) Take your life to show that you believe the promises in God's word. If you are telling the truth, do so with good intentions. If you are teaching the truth, keep your mouth clean and know the right time to say something. And when people praise you, praise all the praise and praise of your God. If you do so, it will show that you serve the true God, Jehovah.

16. How can we help our Bible students to “persist in the truth’?

PARTICTION Page 29. In the first picture, a brother is in the field, seeing Christmas tree build a man's house; he introduces a post on jw.org claiming Christmas is from pagan religions. In the second picture, the sibling is presenting the father with an article on jw.org that will help fathers. In these two ways, which one is the most helpful?

What Have You Learned From These SYMPTOMS?

Apostolic Works 17:27

4:6

Storyline 15:11

DWOM 160

“Good News”!

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

January 2026 Vol. 147, No. 1 TWI

TERMS IN THE TERMS OF THE TERMS

Course Statement to Learn March 2-8 2

Keep Instructing You

Course Statement to Learn March 9-15 8

If You Are stressed, What You Can Do

Study Statement to Learn March 16-22 14

Why We Need the Reception

Course Statement to Learn March 23-29 20

How Can You Show Your Interest in the Reception?

Course Statement to Learn March 30–April 5 26

If You Are Exaggerating the Truth

Academic SYMPTOMS

Scrape Bible Content In Your Mind

Ancient events are well documented in the Bible, and we can learn a lot from them. If we read that text and want to understand it very well, we need to draw a picture of it in our minds. The following suggestions may help you to do so:

• Read and don't open your mouth. If you read the Bible and it surfaces, it will help you to think clearly. If you are reading the Bible with your family and read it about the people you are reading about, you can have each member of the family play a part. Doing so can cause you to lose sight of it.

• Pay attention to what was going on. Readers, try to see what they were thinking and how they felt. You might ask yourself: ‘Why did the person say that?’ If I had said that thing to me, what would I have thought, or what would I have felt?’

• You can swell. Your reading of the Bible can help you to remember it better when you take pictures. Even if what you have eaten is not good, it can help you.

This book isn't for sale. We use it for biblical teaching work all over the world. People voluntarily donate to the project. For a refund, please visit donate.jw.org.

All the biblical text in this book comes from the Sacred Text—The New World's Translation, unless otherwise indicated.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Redirect the jw.org website in Twi, or scan this logo of your product

JW.ORG ®

w26.01-TW