AUGUST 2026

PIGRA ZOTU

I called the kingdom of Jehovah

IN THE NATIONal AREA: 5 October–November 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

June 55 Fear They Not! Don't scare them!

THE New York Times says it's true that, Jesus Christ doesn't like us any more than he did.

Asamoah sent Atanga a message to Omea Delum.

Take away the key so that he will let go. Yam. 4:7

When it is decided that we should give thanks to God, the Titana and her young brothers are angry that they want to prevent us from thanking him. Asamoah knows he can't do anything without consulting God. That's why he wants to stop trying to please God. He can't help us as much as he can. For instance, Satanaa is trying to convince you that Jesus and Jesus are not bothered about us. 11:14;ey. 1:6

If there are any soldiers in the war, it is important to put the baby in their arms. If they don't do that, they can't stop their operations. That could make an accident of theirs. We are also fighting against the Titans and other monsters. (Ep. 6:12) Satan knew that if we don't put our trust in God and Jesus Christ, we can't trust them. As a result, Staina was always trying to convince them not to believe them. In this article, we will learn how hard Satan was this year, he had people trust in God, and he is still doing so today. We'll know more about how to get to rely on God. On the other hand, we will discuss two areas in which cloth should be put on. Thank you, Osaka. *

It's quite natural for a woman to have any problems with her. And he always treats people like him. That made them suspicious of God. Therefore, when there is a problem, or they are trying to express their gratitude to God, we may say that it is a cheat.—1 fight. 2:12; 1 yo. 5:19

1. How does she prevent us from thanking her to her?

2. Why is it necessary for us to trust Jesus Christ?

2

Scientarian Spring has dealt with Jehovah's people.

The last time Adam and Eve were born, Satana wanted to be bought a place like that. Satan insisted that Eve shouldn't be afraid of him, so he refused. Satan said to Eve, "Let alone you eat in this garden. Are you really all right? (Pin. 3:1-5 p.m. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . The saddest thing is that, Adam and Eve followed the path of righteousness. There is no doubt that whatever he used to give them was true and that he was chosen. 3:6

From the beginning of Adam and Eve to the present, Satan has been telling lies to the Lord. Of course, Satan was speaking to God about three people. Satan did this and made Job think that he did not deserve or deserve to be truthful to God. (Ob 2:1-3) Satan saw that bad news reached Job and that he would give him a bad answer. It's quite natural for Santa to have made it rain on Job and Job to never leave his old car unattended in the middle of nowhere.— Job 27, 5.

5 As soon as Jesus came to this country, Satanaa tried to make people buy him a dollar. He lived a very decent life. Among other people was busy with Jesus. Many people believed in the old times and died as a result of wickedness. Read Matu

11:19; 27:27-31; Mr. 14:55, 56; John 8: 41-45.

6 After Jesus' death, Satanaa was trying to convince the disciples to stop making friends with Jesus. First, no one really wants people to believe in Jesus's resurrection. That's how many people were accused of murdering Jesus's daughter-in-law. (Mt. 13:11-15 After that, the young men of Jesus were made to wear the sunglasses. He did it to make them afraid. A stranger wanted to invite them to the market. 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3; 12:22.

7 It is true that some of the Christmas carols and many of them still live in extreme poverty. They realized that it was Titana, and the young men were sleeping, so what could happen? Let's go. 4:18-20; 1 Pe. At 5:30 this morning, Satanaa was trying to convince him not to give thanks to Yaweh. Let's see what he does.

Stainana still has some things in common with Jesus.

At 8 tomorrow, Titana was trying to convince people not to know better about Jesus. The Titanic, the mother-in-law, coinciding with the introduction of the midwifery to Jesus. (Yon 8:44) As a matter of fact, he has influenced many people not being able to know his name and the type of name of his name. (2 p.m. 4:3, 4) Some religions say that Jesus and his Father is different. That's why people don't know the name of God and praise his son. What does he want?

3. What did Satan tell Eve that she wouldn't praise him?

4. What does Satan want for now?

5. What did Satan do to get people to buy him? (Matu 11:19)

Six-thirty What did Satan do to get Jesus' disciples to do with the murder?

8. How does Satan spend a lot of time with Jesus?

AUGUST 2026 3

People are always trying to convince us that we can't be trusted in God to teach them what is right and what is wrong.

(See cell phone number 11)

praise him alone. Jesus is also trying to please God. (Mt. 4:10; John 4:23; People accept their apologies for teaching them something. Some people didn't listen, some hid.

9 If we want to lose a friend, we want to know his name first. Satan doesn't want people to know God's name; he also does what is bad in God's eyes. From the beginning of the day, devilsa continued in the early days until now, when he let people forget his name or not. (Read Jeremiah 3:26, 27.) The Bible says that if we know the name of God and put it on the latrines, it will end. Asamoah doesn't like that. As a result, he had some of Babulla's revenge taken off his father's name. Mag. 18:10) Satan has made people think that God made us angry. That has made it difficult for many people to take refuge with God. (Yes 4:8 Despite his effort to ensure the well being of Jehovah's people.

When it comes to justice, Satan always wants to think that he is not afraid of God

9. How did she improve her ability to get to know her God? (Jeremia 23:26, 27)

10. Why should anyone angry with God?

4 PIGRA ZONTUA

About. As long as we have the time, Satanaa is always trying to please God. Mag. 19:3) If anyone is angry with Yaweh, he might say, 'I'm not helped by God, so why don't I call on him as his teacher?' If that is the case, it could make us focus on what is disturbing Satan and not on what is happening to us.

11 cheats in social media making it harder for people to follow Jehovah's teachings. People in the social media say, Babule is an old book; it is hard to make sense. Anyone can do whatever he wants. The Titanic sunk on the other side of the world, convincing people that something could be wrong with something.—Yon 14:30; Isa. 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1, 2.

12 If we consider Satan's past, that could give us a chance to express our gratitude to God. Mmabila Shannon, a young girl, says: "It took me a long time to clear sight of how to introduce myself to my classmates, and how to use people like that, it seems. I am now in love with the fact that he has a lot of time in social media. That year I began to think that people I saw in their social media. In a little while, I was no longer happy with my sister and I began to look up to my family and my aunts. and later, Shannon was changed to another room with her sister. He gave it back.

Some names have been changed

11. What influence does Satan have on people today? (See picture.)

12. Why do we have to refuse to look up to Satan'spresenty?

He's open to Heaven. What was it that helped him?

13 Shannon realized that she could still have the money with her knob. She says: “I used to ask him why he is doing such a thing. The video is based on Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends? Music has helped me a lot. When I saw the young man in the video, I had a problem with my brother When she was young she let her parents help her. I also did that. My parents, my older brothers and sisters, and many younger sisters helped me with my job. I used to realize that if I wanted to dedicate my life to the will of God, I would only be able to start a business or start a business. I need to find out why I believe what I'm saying at the Bible."

TARA SYMPTOMS

14 To remain a friend of the Lord, we need to appeal to people who love him. (Yes 4:4 p.m. It is not necessary to believe anything out of the ordinary world. For example, what we usually hear or read is true. If we listen to or read about things like this, it could make us agree with you.

If she wants to find a book that will help her young adults to understand how to use that bed, see How Tora Nyaene Swimming pit in the Boys and girls in .org He can also go to the library and check the book for ‘Young People Ask’ on the cover of the magazine.

13th. What did they learn about Shannon?

14. How can we prevent Titana from eating? (See picture.)

AUGUST 2026

CURSO BUBLICO GRATUTO

As soon as we can keep our love for God strong, it will help us not to lose sight of the fact that Satan tempts us. (See also vol. 14

For the sake of the press The only thing that matters to be done is to study the Bible, to study the literature, and to study and to learn more about people who love and love God. If we do that, it will help us to extend our knowledge of the facts and it will not allow us to believe that Satan tempts us to give up. "Mag. 13:20; Tom. 12:11

15 To practice divination, we must believe that the Lord and Jesus enjoy us very much. Mag. 22:19) The Babule talked about some of the Yawehese people who used to associate with Jesus. If we think about how Jesus and Jesus helped them, we'll get ourselves into a difficult situation. There are many things that happened in Babylon that indicates that Jesus is interested in us. Of course, this child is said to love his grandchildren more than a woman likes her child. Jesus. 49:15) He said that the people he loved were important to him (Mother) 3:16, midnight The babyyams made us realize that Jesus likes us a lot. That's why he died to us.

16 Whenever I remember Jesus

15. How can we believe that Jesus likes us so much?

16. If we consider the ways in which he has helped us and others, how will it help us? (Oyoko 118:5, 6)

6 PIGRA ZONTUA

The more we helped ourselves, the more we believed that he really loved us. Maybe he or she was in a bad mood or in a bad mood. No matter how well he may have helped us, he will continue to look at us. We can ask the brothers to tell us how much Jehovah help them. Mag. 22:17) If we do that, it will help us to believe that the Lord and Jesus are going to help us . . . . . . 118:5, 6.

17 Most love is in the house of the Lord Jesus Asamoah and his younger brothers are trying to prevent us from using a mosquito netsake as a comparison to Jesus. They will do that again until he comes to destroy them forever. (Lil. 20:1-3, 10) By making things difficult for us and for Jesus Christ to fall in love with us, it can help us not to lose sight of ourselves. Jesus said that the Lord will make things plain. Nobody can control him/her. [Read at 10:29;som. 4:7

On the 18th of October, we will discuss two areas in which the Titanic plans for destruction are based on the Lord's plan. First, Titana doesn't want to have a good time with a few brothers. No, she can also make some people sleep. To know more about God and his promise to save life is not enough for S stranger.

17. Jesus said he would do what for anyone who loves him, his father? (yon 10:29)

18. Can we talk about this happening?

Who'll compensate for it?

How did Satan lie to Jesus about Jesus?

How does Satan keep telling lies about Jesus to the Lord?

Why did she believe that Jesus really loved us?

150 p.m. of Homea Delum Nayanye

OCTOBER 12-18, 2026

June 129

we will bend it

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

Flags of the world fly proudly at the United States headquarters.

How can we defeat the Three Philanthropy?

We fought with the whites, and we fought with the whites. Let's go. Let's go. The sky is getting darker tomorrow. 6:12.

Yams of the Lord are not fighting. Jesus. 2:4; John 18:36) And the Bible says that, all must fight against each other, including his young brothers. (Readops 6:11, 12.) How can we defeat them? The only thing that can help us is to trust in God. It is important to know how the spider and other monsters work to make us believe.

In the past few days, we have learned that Satana has been trying to convince us not to believe in theology of Jesus Christ. In this article, we are going to learn two things that Gideon did to let him know how to express his gratitude to God. First, Titana doesn't want to have a good time with a few brothers. No, she can also make some people gossip about how to express their anger or make them be afraid not to smile anymore.

SITAana wants to spend the rest of his life in prison.

Asamoah tried to keep the peace among us. He wants to join the fight and save himself. How much does Satan need to get rid of us?

1. Who in the world is it that needs to fight? (Epesus 6:11, 12)

2. Can we talk about this happening?

3. What does Satan do to keep a secret among us?

8

Saul was jealous and David wasn't jealous of him. Jonathan used to lend a lot of money to David.

(See figure 4.6)

Are there any problems with our brother-in-law? Most people in this country don't like it. They don't talk to each other. That's exactly what Gideon wants. He wants to break the rope to the core of his family. Even, he wants to do this with the mambis... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Look at how interesting this is. King Saul was old enough to see David. At first, he loved David. He was really glad to hear that David had been fighting. (1 p.m. 18:5) And later, Saul began to look jealously at David, something that happened to Saul when he realized that the people loved David more than him. Because of that, Saul tried several times to kill David. (1 p.m. 18:9-11) If Saul were to kill David, Satan would have been happy. Why is this? As a result, he said to David that he would become the King of Israel. (1 p.m. 16:13) Titana would have been happier if the idea of Jehovah had not been carried out. Think how happy Satan was then, when he saw Saul yesterday's anger caused him to want to kill David, a certain man whom God chose to be king.

5 Satan knows that if we can be happy, God will not give up on us and help us. (Yes 133:1) Satanus is trying to destroy the universe, preferring it to be as liquid as David was. The Titana knows that if we keep our eyes open and keep our lips open, it is difficult for us to fall in love with them. (Mr. 12:30, 31) To the extent that he doesn't like his brothers, he will not be pleased with his kindness. James used to say to himself that, if he were serious about it, it would be very dangerous. Read James 3:14-16

4. Why did King Saul sing like David? (See picture.)

5. Why does Satan want to harm brothers? (James 3:14-16)

AUGUST 2026 9

6 If you like to have fun, keep your eyes open and you'll have a good time. Tale Saul's son Jonathan. Jonathan wasn't jealous of David. He told David that he felt that whatever he did, he would do. Jonathan tried to David "That he might become the King of Israel". Jonathan was blind and convinced that he was proud of David. That, she sang to her heart's content. 23:16, 17.

7 Jehovah's people are standing firm. To make matters clear, it takes a lot of effort. Satan always wants to argue about things like that. Satan tempts us to think that we have too much money and can't have enough money. He likes to get along with you and not like you. If he has a problem with his brother, try to solve it quickly. (Read at 4:25-27.) Try to love both of the brothers and sisters and share their feelings with them. It doesn't matter to us which party it is, it is the same. (1 p.m. 12:12) All our brothers are at war with Sitana and his younger sisters.—1 p. 5:8, 9.

8 if a fellow is speaking or did something that was bad, remember that he is also rude to people. If we work hard, we will see their fault. (No. 7:20 If that is the case, pass the Baabule as shown in a statement. If anyone does something illegal, do it quickly for him. (Wormwood) 3:12-14) He likes to have fun with his brothers and sisters, so much that he and Jesus wanted to do that.

STARA has made some people angry.

A stranger can let a rehearsal of a problem once and for all. The employee Paul said all true Christians would be made known. 2 Tim. 3:12) Enlightenment is an illusion. No matter how people turn up, there may be an excuse to pay them aback. And that can make it difficult for him to be able to stay focused on the work of the Lord. "Arom 12:19-21.

10 Tales Abraham's son Isaac. Isaac was rich and well fed. That made the Philistine giants jealous of him because they were all around him, so he wouldn't get any water. (Pin. (12-18) Because of that, Isaac was changed to fufu, so he could get some water for his room, both for his animals and for his animals. And the Philistines said that those muslims were theirs. That may not be how Isaac was when he was born. Asamoah didn't like his grandchildren. The Philistines fought. Then, when he changed his mind, he no longer said to him. (Pin. Diet19-25) If something is not right, try hard to prevent it from being peaceful.

11 The only person Jesus was there

6. What did they learn about Jonathan? (See picture.)

7. How can we prevent Titana from destroying the forest? (Epesus 4:25-27)

8. If our brother or something is wrong with us, how should we do it?

9. What's a Titanic doing to mark the horizon?

10. Did they do what was bad to Isaac? How did she do it?

11. When people did what was bad to Jesus, how did he do it?

10 PIGRA ZOTUA

Who will take responsibility for the kingdom of God?

(See also Literacy. 13

In the year since he came to this country, many people have done this thing in the wrong way. For example, some of Jesus' family members thought he had been sick. (Mr. 3:21) And the disciples said that Jesus had no right to make a speech. (Lunter) 11:15, 16) One of his employees lived next year. (Mt. 14-16) The royal family of the year came to the fore in the form of government officials who wanted to kill him as a result. (Mr. 15:1, 13-15) Unlike the people of Jesus, his song is still active in the work of the Lord. He never thought he would turn red. As soon as Jesus was arrested, the employee Peter wanted to join him. That's how Peter used to cut back on his job. And Jesus was not happy about what Peter did. That's how he smelled the flowers. (Lunter) 22:50, 51) In spite of this, Jesus never spoke in English. What he really wanted was working with his father.

12 When Jesus died, there were a lot of problems here for the future. Satan is trying to convince us not to talk about God. Some family members who don't pay attention to God or to people who don't. And Jesus said to us that we love people who hate us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) That means that people hate us when we are angry. What we must do now is to pay attention to Jesus' teaching and behavior, to share the feeling with others, and to give glory to them even if they are happy. -No, I didn't mean to. 13:4

13 Even if the behavior of the government gets to the point where the law applies, it is difficult for us to give thanks to God, it has to continue with their dignity. Why is this? That's why he wants to know.

12. As at 5:43 pm, 44 pm, what should be done to the suspects?

13th. Why is it so important for us to respect government officials even when they're sleeping? (See picture.)

AUGUST 2026 .

We can fight off Titana and his waves if they just like to have fun with our brethren and they have dinner (see also at the library).

It's them. (Arom 13:1, 2). Government officials have been able to enforce laws that made it difficult for them to obey. And that doesn't mean it's a cheat who lets such a thing happen all the time. Asamoah will be happy, whether he misses or do something wrong. He would rather be angry than speak ill of the government. If people don't want the government, they can get rid of the government. Christians shouldn't do that! Mag. 15:21,22; no. 8:2, 3) If we begin to have a bitter interest in politics, it shows we don't want anything to do with Ghana.—Yon 15:19

14 people who were sleeping with one another were born to twins. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) It should be clear that, when people “teach and speak ill” about one another. (Mt. 5:11) If anyone is in a position to give thanks to God, then it must also give thanks to him. (1 Tim. 2:1,2 Her classmates, school fierds, need to be patient with them. Ask for help so that I can learn how to help them change their plans. He has to be aggressive. One woman lived a long time with her husband and he was rich enough to be a priest. He said, "We can help people change their mind, if they just change their mind."

15 Jehovah knows every issue that goes wrong. He knows it's difficult to resist temptation. (Yes !18) You can't solve any problems like this in this world. (No. 1:15

14. What is the best way for people to lie flat on their backs?

15. It's supposed to take some time, it's hard to do what happened.

12 PIGRA ZONTUA

Only Jehovah can help them. He said that he would soon correct the situation in which S stranger and his family lived in the country. (1 y) 3:8; Lil. 21:5) And when it is not yet, it has to be explained that we love people. It's supposed to take time, it's hard to help people learn about Y-howa.

How can we defeat Satana and his forces?

16 the Bible says we can fight off this old man and his queen. (Yes 4:7; 1 yo. 5:4,5. The thing that can help us fight them is, have faith in Jesus. (Ep. 6:16) And so, let me put my trust in Jesus the Lord. If we have faith, it will help us to love our aunts and prepare dinner for them.

17 Sitiaŋa was trying to convince us that he had a problem with ours. He's also anxious to accept the inevitable. It'll never be too hard for Santana to afford to buy. The Lord Jesus said if we are not going to eat the chicken, they will help us fight the tigers. All of us are famished in our company to defeat the enemy. If people hate us, they have to obey Jesus' advice. (Lunter) 6:27, 28) That's how hard it was to get to the market to replace the giants with his glasses and bets that he could defeat them.

16. What can help us fight off Satan and his co-camps? (See picture.)

17. What do you need to do?

Who'll compensate for it?

What does Satan do to keep a secret among us?

How does Satan attempt to destroy the King's palace?

Why should anyone be so proud of being able to resist the influence of the influence of the influence of his influence?

149th Anniversary

OCTOBER 19-25,

June 106st has a crush on you

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Our study of Paul, Ramon, and Onesimus has helped us to understand how to get the peace in the company.

A book taught us to be very good-looking.

“For the sake of my love, I am doing many things.” -FLM. 9.

We were deeply impressed by the peacefulness of our mother-in-law. That explains how a Paradise will develop. Jesus. 12.17, 18) It is certain that he will make it possible for one of us to be in peace, and that every one of us must make it possible for another to live in peace. (Arom 12:18) How can we keep our brothers safe in the midst of the tournament? How can we maintain peace if we err? If anyone is wrong, how can we make peace? We'll find the answer to Paul's song written to Lemon. Find Paul who Paul likes to write this book to. This book covers three people. They're employees of Paul, Ramon, and Enemus.

What Paul wrote was very good for Filmon.

2 Read Fashion 8, 9, 17. When Paul wrote a letter to Ramon, he used to explain to himself that, if he came, he would accept his help. Paul said to Ramon that he loved Jesus and his brothers, he tried so Perhaps they have read this article in the Bible. Lemon was at the bottom of the sales tax. Everybody knew he had a hard time making fun of people. He was old enough to be called Anesimus. Onesimus was a devout Christian. He ran to Arom. She was probably a friend of Lemon's money. (Flam. 18) Enesimus, who was in the city of Arom, was speaking to Paul until he was a Christian and Paul was a friend of the same age. (Wormwood) 4:9) Asamoah explained that if the cat ran away from his boss, he had to go back to his place. Paul knew about that; he made Anesimus return to Ramon. "Flam. 12, 13.

3 Paul may have thought of what Ramon would do if he did.

1. What should each of us do? 2. Talk to Lemon and Onemus about it a lot. (Famon 8, 9, 17) 3. What might Paul think I'd do if he had Onesimus return to Ramon? (See picture of this book.)

14

Get Onemus. Is Moses really going to do that on Christmas Eve? If he does that, how will he cut the turkey? Maybe Paul used to think that maybe something different can happen to people who are Japanese, and the like of the drummers play the piano together. Paul realized that if he were to be a sidekick, he could lose his footing on loose gravel. That's so, she wrote a book for Tikikus to bring to Lemon. (Ep. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7. At that time, Paul had written a letter to the prisoner. In this article, we are going to learn some of the things in the literature of Ramon and learn some of what Paul, Anesimus, and Ramon are going to learn.

TON we shall learn from what Paul said.

4 Can we learn more about Paul? The way Paul used to work at the blacksmiths made it possible for him to be comfortable in the company. Paul's statement can help us to keep safe in the taxi.

5 Paul named Lemon as his friend. (Flam. "A year ago, Paul didn't think he could teach Ramon what he should do, so he must be his boss. (2 p.m. 1:24) Paul warned Ramon that he was his master's worker and that he was made to be a friend. Paul used to explain to Lemon what his brother must be like when he was a brother. The Pauls' story is all about fiction, story like an old car. The more Kenomeams like their friends, the more peace they have in their company. Because of their love, they are not like the hyenas. (1 p.

There's a limit to that. How can we ensure peace in our company?

5:1-and they always see the face of the wicked, listen carefully to their problems and try to help them. Asamoah helped the workers with the washing machine.

6 Paul was really blindfolded. (Flam. 4, 5, 7, and everybody likes to get along with him. Why is this? As a result, many people think it is no longer necessary for them. We may worry about our future, or think that people don't like us. Try as much as you can to think; none of the things you love can reach your hand. When we think like that, it's not that bad. And that can make a person confused or anxious. We may think people are making fun of us, or we may try to convince them to do something better. Doing so can promote peace among people in general. When we meet people, it will make them realize that they are interested in one another. Mag. 12:25) And it will make them realize that we love them and that they are interested in us. Who would want to make that list available? If that is the case, try hard to do what is right. They must be able to do whatever is best. Even if they're already getting lost, getting to know them doesn't mean they're trying. The only thing that matters is that, should anyone know that someone does what is right, tell him.

7 Paul sent an apostle to Ramon. (Read Phone 10-12.) How did Paul speak to Onesimus about helping Philmon? It could've helped Ramon get better from Anesimus. That's it.

6. Why is it necessary to be patient?

7. Why is it so important to watch TV? (Filemon 10-12)

AUGUST 2026

When Paul died, he spoke to the older brothers about his history (see also at the library).

I like to talk about mobs so that they can show me how to listen to people. Talking about angels and their angels can help people to do their work. That's because when we talk about people's mistakes, they don't have any kind of ideas. If they have the same mental state as theirs, it will allow them to talk about their problems. What can help us to do that? Find out what Paul used to do.

8 Paul thanks Jehovah for the wonderful gift of Paul. (Flam. 4,5 She used to do that for the twins. (1 p.m. 1:4-7; Flip. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3,5,1 Tes. 1:2, 3) Paul was aware of the mistake of the brothers and sisters until his year on the list. He always shows great affection for his friend. If it is difficult to talk to a bereaved person about broken news, remember this: If he is concerned about the brethren but is not concerned about them, it will help him to talk about them.

It was there that Paul was in trouble when he spoke to me to Lemon. Is it ever so hard to wash the lettuce well? No matter how hard the situation is, it discourages people from doing what is right. How long ago did Paul write a letter to Lemon? He was knocked down by a punch in the throat. He was also in the second century in the city of Jerusalem in the capital, Caesar. After that, they took him to the city of Arom where the boat settled. Again, they wrote a letter to the priest's house in Aro. (Flam. Even though he was Paul, the letter he wrote to Ramon showed that he was not angry. Find out what Paul used to write to Ramon that he was interested in him and that he could understand his point of view. Can we learn something from this? If we try to do things at a difficult time in life, it will ensure peace in the community. That can also help us to play the piano in the nuance.

TOON WAY TOE THE LIVING OF HESIMUS

10 times a minute can be a bit difficult for people. Onesimus indicates that, when we talk about a problem, it can really make a person feel bad.

8. What can help us to have a balanced view of ourselves and their future? (See picture.)

9. Why did Paul speak to Lemon like that?

10. Can we learn something from Onesimus?

16 PIGRA ZONTUA

restore peace. He admitted his mistake and made himself available again as well as in the country of Ramon. What she used to do seemed easy and difficult for many more people to do. Onesimus was a good friend of Aro's. He had to get back at his boss. That way, she was on her way back to Ramon for over 1,200 kilometers (it would take less than 50 days to walk). The race made him very tired. He was to accept that he would become a better person and accept any kind of punishment. The situation made it difficult for him to go back. Maybe she was the same age as she was a friend of a friend of mine. Even though it was some years ago, he returned to his elder brother and tried to make himself comfortable again. She was a friend of Ramon.

11 If you happen to hurt someone, let yourself be concerned about the situation. (Mt. 5:23-25) It is very difficult for one to get the opportunity to get the drink the following, which will make peace between the other person and the other person. Let's pretend we're wrong. No matter how hard he is, he can’t let himself down. Memorize the mistake. Do not look a gift horse in the mouth of other people's things. If he does that, it means he is not guilty of the crime. The problem would not be solved beyond a handshake. A spirit can help us to admit that we've made a mistake and that it was easy for us to do that. And that can make peace in the community.

LOEN would study what the WilliamON said about this.

12 philanthropy is one of the most dangerous things to handle in a healthy way. The babysitter is no longer believed to be a babysitter. Please forgive us for not having enough money. And Paul was careful not to lose his footing on Paul's advice. (Flam. 17, 21 p.m. Paul knew that Ramon had a solution to the problem he would seek to help Anesimus. What kind of thing is that?

13 Ramon likes the mabs. (Flam. The name of a Muslim is 'Teem'

11. What can we do to promote peace? (See picture.)

12. Why did Paul sing so well that Lemon would forgive Moses?

13th. Why can love make us healthy? (colloquially 3:14)

Asamoah tried to keep the peace. (See volume 11).

As a result of the pandemic, many people have been forced to believe in ghosts. (See chart.)

Love people." Her name is spelled familiar with the news that she was singing. The boys used to know who Lemon was. That could only help him to forgive Anesimus. When Paul wrote to Boatemaa about the evidence at the time, she said that she would love them so much that they could understand. Let's go. Let's go. “The price of rice” is cheap. (Clause 3:14.) This makes us know that if we love him, he will make us willing. It is not difficult to forgive people when we are angry with them. (1 p.m. 13:4-7 Let's have a chat with you so love so that you can help Ramon so that he can forgive Onemus.

14 Ramon was receiving visitors. That made it easy for him to fall in love with people. They used to take a shower in his house. (Flam. 2) And so, Paul said to Ramon that he was ready to come to visit Let's know how much Paul used to tell Lemon that he was a good dancer. (Flam. 22) It is true that the era of philanthropist persecution made people happy to get married to their mother. 7.

14. Why can we say that Filipino is a good musician?

15 To talk to someone about Ramona virus, how can it help us to enjoy new Maybe new moms? If we do this for the sake of our brethren, then that will let us know them well. When we see the face of a man, even though he is not close to them, it will help us to see that people of the LORD have a right to make a name for themselves. To know oneself better, to know oneself how to do it, to know whether God will intervene or not, to let them know how much they love and respect each other. This will help us to understand why Jehovah let his people know that. (Yon 6:44) To put off the peppers properly, it would give you a lot of love and support for their new ideas. That'll make it harder to forgive them. If they do something wrong

16 Is it harder to forgive? Even if we like our aunts, it may still be difficult for us to forgive them. What can help us? Find out what Paul was looking at.

15. To help you cope with violent storms, how can you improve your relationship with them? (See picture.)

16. Can Paul's advice at 3:13 be used for the job?

18 PIGRA ZONTUA

Add to what's fake news that Moses used to be there. (Clause 3:13.) Think again what would become of Ramon, how he was when he heard this news that they had read in the master's class. What was she thinking about her year? Perhaps Asamoah was still angry with Anesimus. He may have been thinking about her. If it were so, he would know what he had to do. He had to apologize to Anyemus for being angry. How much Paul's advice can help us when it is difficult to forgive people?

17 Paul wanted to say to himself "I am joking with you". She was trying to convince him to do something romantic even more. During this reading of the Bible, Paul sang a song of love and appreciation for God. He understood and didn't want to do anything more. He was very tired and he kept looking for the pearl. (Yes 103:13,14:30) That's why he likes hard work and he's afraid of snakes. (Fab. 3:22, 23 As long as they live according to the will of God, they will live according to his will. To lose face means to be humiliated, to be happy. Mainly, if you remember the flowers in your garden, just a moment will come when you don't even know how to wet the rain. Even if the tortoise doesn’t care about the tortoise, it can be very hard to forgive them even if they’re wrong.

18 Jehovah was pleased with his efforts to ensure peace in the city. Every day, consider how to maintain peace. Hunters are so respected by their way of thinking about people's customs that they are important to them. If anyone is wrong, accept his mistake and try to solve the problem. Love the brothers again. That can help him to open the door and forgive them. If he does that, he will help the peace of the company. More likely, I'll be able to get my menses off the ground with 'satisfactory' and 'satisfactory'!. KDE11.

18. Who fell in love with him?

17. Did Paul want to say how much he wanted to say “shut” to you?

In front of this book, he published an important picture: A blind person is reading a book that Paul writes. There used to be a church there.

What did they learn? Let's go. Let's go.

Does Paul seem busy?

Did Asamoah say that?

Did you get to the Temple?

It's 154 years of age.

OCTOBER 26-NOVEMBER 1, 2026

June 62 The New Song (the new song)

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS To know how to be happy and how to get to know things for the future, it is also a great opportunity to give thanks to our God, the best of our works.

It's a great opportunity to give thanks to God.

“She has given me her strong tower. Let's go. Let's go. We don’t care about him in any way, and we don’t care about him in any way.” -Lun. 1:69, 74.

When Zechariah and Elizabeth were old, then she gave birth to a baby. This child was named John. When everyone heard this news, they asked the question "What has become of this child? " (Lunter) 1:57-66) Jehovah was going ahead of Zechariah to answer their question. Zechariah explained that he would help the people to abandon their bad habits so that they could come to Mexico soon. (I 3:7; Lu. 1:67-79) Zechariah saw nothing but his son John who was to do it alone. The way we know this news, what Zechariah used to say, is a dictionary that will help us today We will learn three things about him; we will learn how to be happy about these three things: (1) we can be happy the way we can, (2) we can be grateful to our God,

Watch Zechariah's dictionary in the video gallery. It's called 'Young.' This video is in the 1st issue of Jesus the Lord's project.

1. What did Zechariah speak about?

20

The Super Bowl's duties are limited by that of a boxer.

How can we get to France?

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God said he would save his people. How will he do that? Zechariah said in his song: "Let there be a firmament in the town of Yɛ-howa. The flag belongs to him. The Lord's umbrella is on David's side." (Lunter) 1:69) “The last of the hours” was the year of Mezaya. When the Jews were at that time waiting for the ambulances, they were anxious to know that he would stand at the top of King David's palace. (Pin. 22:17, 18; Mt. 22:42) Why did Yaweh at first say such foolish things to Zechariah? As a result, it would not be long before the Messiah arrived. Only six months later, one of our daughters was born to Jesus. Gabriel said that they would call Jesus "King's Daya" and that he would also be king "so much as his father David was. (Lunter) 1:30-35 (50 p.m.) Jesus was thirty-three years old when he showered. At that time when he used to get the peace of Israel to be his father-in-law. (Mt. 3:16, midnight This year is an emergency!

The Jews of that time were looking for a pretext. What were they for? Zechariahath answered, “She will collect the harvest, because the people are all handing over” (Lunter) 1:71) That didn't mean that Jesus was going to collect the Judaows, the Arodos were swimming-

humour is in their hands. And in his year, he will save them from the attack of Titana. (Heb. 2:14, 15) Satan has caused a lot of trouble, even in the days of the Jews, things are hard to come true. In other words, the Judah people were looking for some sort of protection. It was not until then that Moses's people were able to go through the tunnel, the Babules said they were punished. (Arom 3:20; Ga. 3:10,13 Therefore, they were looking for the Lord to condemn them to "the snake said he was going to stop . Let's go. Let's go. they are said to be like what Zechariah said. "Lun. 1:77.

What do we need this for today? As long as the Jews were in Jesus' time, they worked well and lived. (Arom 5:12) Leysah, Shitana and his younger sisters made us suffer. They are trying to convince us to give up. They made it possible for “all the people who come from us” to get married to each other to praise and praise him. Every rule has a price.

Let's see how much Jesus charged us with it. When Jesus was in this town, he was teaching his disciples to praise Jehovah for the way he wanted. Jesus died for it, "as he has faith in him [there] will not be destroyed, and he will have life without end." (Yon 3:16; Mt. 20.28) He always wanted to thank the Jehovah for the way he wanted just as Jesus was. It is because of its success that we are, even if we do, that we ask Yaw to forgive us. As soon as Jesus was sent forth into heaven, he was greeted with a harpoon.

2. (a) As described at 1:67-73, what did Jesus say he would do to his people? (b) Who's the strongest person in the world that Luke 1:69 spoke about him?

3. Why did the Judahites need a sacrifice?

4. Why do we need this?

5. How did Jesus escape from evil?

AUGUST 2026 21

Jesus Christ himself was led by God to save us. (See literacy section 6).

The rope broke under the strain. (1 y) 2:1,2. That's how Jesus felt. That can make us very patient and live forever.

How much will Jesus save us from death? How much will he charge Santana and his younger brothers, both "bombs of all people" and "of all the people who come out to us"? From the beginning of the year 1914, Jesus was on earth as King "over his father [his] father David [his] age." (Lunter) 1:32, 33) It will not be long before Jesus, and 144,000 people, the angels, and the Lord's wedding will take place at Armagedon. During the visit of the year, Jesus will rise to life and support the 144,000 people who have died. (Yon 5:28; Lil. 22:1,2. Death by sea will no longer exist at the end of the century. (1 p.m. 15:26, 55-57) After the festival, 144,000 people of Jesus will be destroyed by the Titans, the rivers, and all the people who don't listen to the voice of the Lord. (Lil. Those who give thanks to God's truth will be holy and will never die. No one can sleep anymore! Can we please Jehovah as soon as he comes to Jesus Christ for a "free gift." -No, I didn't mean to. 9:15

LOTS BEGAN IN THE HUMILITY

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Because of this, we have the right to be treated as if others were inferior to us in ways that are not as bad as Zechariah once said. How do you say "Thank you" to the Lord? If we announce, please, to Jehovah, teach the Babule to read the history of history, it means we are working for him. The work must be done again.

6. Not long afterwards, what would Jesus the King do? (See picture.)

7. What do you say to Luke 1:74, 75?

22 PIGRA ZONTUA

To give thanks to God is to work at Bethel or to make washrooms in the King's Palace, with Laesiego.

8 How bad is it to work for God and not to pay attention to us? First, he was afraid of death. We know that we can live every day, we don't have time, it's all right to do what we want. It is no use trying to convince him of his work. Even plastic surgery won't save us from the blessings of God. It is very true to Yaweh, the reason why we know that once we die Jesus will get up at death. (Yon 6:39, 40) And I say to you, It is not on the run of evil that we are doing good to you, O bahi zama maa wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo We regret that she loves us so much that she is happy for us. You must know that because Jesus died for us, he will forgive us. 4:9, 10.

9 It is difficult for some of my brethren to admit that they are happy to God. Perhaps they have brought up the problem of not feeling well. In fact, they can see that he doesn't deserve to love them. Or have they done it so badly that it is difficult to overcome them? It is here that they ask for Jehovah and the elders help them. If it were so, what could happen?

10 yen Look at that cake. If anyone is hungry, he should go to the hospital. The doctor will apply the medicine to educate the child on what to do; however, the doctor can bury the disease to some extent. If anyone thinks he can't come again, what should he do? He should rely on the doctor as soon as possible to run the exercise. After, his rule may not be the best, or he may just be afraid.

11 That's how hard it is to think that God can't love us, please try to make yourself comfortable. It's because of him that Jesus died. That shows that she likes him so much that she is patient. (Yon 1:16,; 3:23, 24; 1 yon. 3:19, 20 By what he says, it will do for the sake of his true forgiveness. teaching, teaching, teaching, and teaching. (Yes 1:2.1 Tes. 5:17; Hebrew. 10:25) If a person has a broken leg, it takes time for the broken leg to be clean. Even so, it may take some time to convince me that he likes you. He must have known that he loved her. Even so, don't let go of your hair. She is doing things that make her rich with the knowledge of God. (Flp. 3:16) He is precious to God every day in his power to acknowledge the truth. We were all so impressed by what Jesus did for us. We are thankful for the fact that he is not afraid of us.

The role of the Naaman Mollegɔ is as important as the swimming club.

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. Zechariah said of his son, “Who will go ahead [of [God]] to make the road for Him]?” Just as the musician, how did you do this job? When she was old, she was very pretty. When he said to the Judahites, they were abandoned

8. Why don't we afraid of violence?

9. What's the best way to get to some of the brethren?

10-11. What can we do if we never seem to enjoy ourselves? Give an example.

12. How did Yun Kuseiang prepare his way to the Lord? (Luce 1:76-79)

AUGUST 2026 23

When we are happy that he will help us, and we are happy with our sister, we will focus our discussion of the gospel of God's grace to every one (see literacy phrase)

Bees and rice. That will allow them to question him if the Messiah comes. After Jesus was baptized, he made known to the crowd that Jesus had been sent by God. He sang, "Young men and women, how many times have I come to take over this town!” Yonso encouraged his disciples to follow Jesus, as was Mezaya.—Yon 1:29, 34-36, 40-41.

13 June was hard to convince people that Jesus was the Messiah. This song was important. Why? Zachariah said that if the Messiah came, he would be a sympathizing person. That explains how he will make people succeed. This article had to be understood by everyone only then. Who else can tell John the secret?

13th. How long will the washing of the pepper be for the people of Yendi?

14 Jesus was focused on the subject. She was doing what Zechariah said. Zechariah said in a song, "It will be sweet to people in the dark, to those who are about to die." Jesus was a man of noble birth. She spoke with a smile and opened the eyes of the Queen of Heaven. Readsiah 61:1,2. 4:16-21) He constantly shouts, "Let your attention be on; come back to the top of the floor." And when she was a child she knew that a lot of people would be added to her room to make a name for herself. That's how he used his history to teach his young men how to solve a problem. 4:16,;" 10:7; 15:19, 20.

15 Tomas is a Christian, to him is very kind and willing to let people know how much he will save them

14. What important job did Jesus and his disciples do at the time? (Isiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is it so important to be serious about the moment?

24 PIGRA ZONTUA

The rope broke under the strain. The truth is, we will teach people to get rich, and the Kings of God is very important. Why? Think about what might happen tomorrow. A lot of people will see a lot of technology in the new world. (Mt. At that time, a lot of people would listen to the story and ask for the reason why they should remember what happened to them. Jesus is going to be in the car, before the angels and all the people are anxious to eat the bread and make it possible for the Yaweh to be in the new world. (Mt. 13:34; Lil. 16:16:19) Look at how important it is to keep an eye on the matter!—Mt. 00:0014; Mr. 13:10

Keep up the work. Who has faith in Christ's seed and not in his love with God? How glad are those people? If it happens that way, everyone must know that at this point that everyone wants to hear the news and get the prize. Let them know that the King of God will wipe out all the gods and cause the earth to become a paradise. Compared to people who love God and who love him and who love us and who don't respect us. That would make it difficult for him to adapt himself to sudden changes of temperature. 1:74, 75.

16 Zechariah saw what was happening in Luke 1:68-79 and noted that there were three things that made us happy. They are, he will make it possible for us to have a happy life, to have a strong desire to give thanks to him, and to have a strong desire to obey his laws.

16. Who fell in love with him? (See picture.)

The picture shows the first pictures of two girls in the house. The second picture shows the angels giving a helping hand to their work, during their vacation. The third picture is a mammogram who talks to a teacher about how beautiful the Queen is, how beautiful she is, how beautiful she is; how beautiful she is; how beautiful she is; how beautiful she is!

The blue hole in the jacinth was what LukE was described as 1:68-79 Let's go. Let's go.

What does the Lord want for you?

How much did Jesus deny us?

What sort of haircut do we have?

159

Praise to God

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

My grandfather helped me get to know her.

What STÉPhane LenderOIN said

I don't like going to school because I'm not used to it. I spent a lot of time alone and I hate myself. I used to be so sure Asamoah didn't know me. Why do I say that?

I spent a lot of time in Paris in France. My parents and some people living in the year don't believe in God. That's enough for me to believe that God exists. I used to study in the school to know if everything had turned out to be in the house. I used to believe that because of how many people believed it. I used to feel like teaching riddles. That's how I was aware of the fact that it didn't bother me to learn how life began.

My parents were sophomores. It was thought that if there were any Gods, he would not be able to do such a thing. When I got to know people who worship God; they don't care who they worship. As good as they do, I used to think there was no sense in God. Even I used to be the last to praise God.

Now, I believe that God exists and that he is interested in me even though I am wrong. Let me say why I am convinced that God exists, that's how I live.

When I was 19, I was introduced to white supremacist behavior. I was sent to French Guiana in South America as a helper. This place is beautiful. I didn't know where this place would change my life.

When I was 20, I went back to Paris. I spent a lot of my time working until Monday. Whenever it gets to Saturday and Sunday, my friends and I go to the party and I want to drink beer. It didn't make me happy when I was born. My life has nothing to do with that. I used to see people who are rude to people, and people who are rude to me. I'll see you soon.

I used to live in Paris. My parents didn't agree to the existence of God.

26 PIGRA ZONTUA

and some people with white hair, and some people with white hair Lawyers often wear sunglasses and people wear it in public gatherings. I've been looking for everything else to happen. I didn't know what I could do. I used to think that I'd be back in South America.

I went to the forest for a long time.

I returned from French Guiana where I worked the military. I used to think that if I were living in this mountain, I would be glad to forget my problems. It didn't start as soon as I was living in Paris. I work from Monday to Friday and usual to meet every Saturday.

That was the time when someone called me Babule. When I started reading the book, I thought it would help me live a better life. Asamoah didn't understand what I was reading.

I used to have some friends who when I was young I wanted to know what life it was. They lived in the bush and called it Ninye. I was asked to live with them.

When it was in the forest, everything was going smoothly. We were free. No one was wrong about what we did last year. We used to do whatever we wanted. If we got up earlier than usual, we would go to bed early. We used to go cooking, playing and drinking. Musical talent usually blooms at an early age. We don't want to be on the desks anymore, we don't get used to it. It's not at all rare to live to be married to a rich man. The more difficult the problem was, the less he wanted it to be, the less he wanted it to be.

We used to want to change the world so that it would be as bad as we want. No one has been seen as more than he used to live. Musical respect for each other has no place to be. It was after a year that I realized that whatever he wanted was adopted. It's a mistake that the problems we face everyday are normal to us. Some people stay in this city for a few days, some go to live for a few months. And I have lived in this town for more than two years.

When I was in the forest, I realized that the soup had a fair taste. One day, I made my decision.

A.S. where I lived with my friends when we were singing.

B. As I was, I was in the forest.

Who is it?

B

Let me have a little reading. I can't read them. They're sophomores. I used to ask myself, ‘Why does the world get such a good food?’ It's like a man in charge of keeping his house safe for strangers. I realized that the book had not been long since then. So, when I was young I asked me, 'Who killed me?' It had to be someone else's. I didn't know him.

I continued reading the Bible and I wanted to know what God wanted me to do. I used to hate myself when I was a cross and then when I was a child I didn't know what was right. She was singing a song when she was singing. I didn't know what that was.

How did I know my new address?

As soon as I remember my first year on earth, I've always wanted to know who the Akans want to know. One of my best friends was in the forest when I met him at a place called Seradoma. My friend accepted the book You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth. What a surprise to see me singing when I was reading the book! When I realized that the country would become a paradise for people everywhere then, I was happier. What I've always wanted was, I was in a very good mood and with people I loved and was peaceful and would never die. I sang that I wanted to redevelop the politician saying he would do this for us tomorrow.

I realized that it was necessary for me to make a difference in my life and get help when I was young. That's one of my best friends to let me meet Michael who was a satire speaker of the Bible.

The day after I met Michel, he made me hurry to meet Matory near the French capital, Guyana, to be called Ceyenne. It'll take more than 240 kilometers to get there. My hair's so tall that I've used to paint my beard. I used to tie a pair of white shirts to wear a design. The shirt that I was wearing was so big. I don't care how old I am, but the aunts sent me to the meeting to help me. I was also served on the food reservation. The fact that the brothers were in love with me inspired me to learn the truth.

This book is by far the best and not by any means published.

FRANCE

French Guiana

NOW CALEDONIA

I learned the truth of Babulelo in French and French. Nowadays, my wife and I are in New Caledonia with our sister, Osaka.

To give birth on Monday

I spent a lot of my time speaking Chinese in the summer of 2006.

In the examination, they read 1 Timothy 5: This article says that the official character needs to look after his books. I used to wonder if because of how hard he is, he will take care of everything, the only thing that happens is his people. I realized that if I put my trust in him, I shouldn't worry because he would take care of me. I used to see him hide what he wanted in his life without losing something. That song convinced me that he would take care of me if I put my trust in him.

When I was studying the Bible on my way home, I was making a change in my life. I've made up my mind to quit smoking. It was not until then that I took cigarette from each other that I stopped smoking and drinking. I began to study. One day I went to class and asked one of my brothers to get my hair off. The roof of the palace was replaced with a roof.

A few weeks later, I left French Guiana and returned to France. I began to study at the beginning of my mother-in-law. It appears to me that my years have changed and I am surprised that my family changed. I neither drinks nor drinks. I tried to warn them that they didn't know the answer. After that, I realized that it was necessary for me to pay attention to them and not to listen to them.

I went skiing in 1996. I asked him to make me as a journalist as well as Michel. I used to look for ways to express my gratitude for all the things that God has done for me.

my Father is not worthy of me.

The last time I was in the shower, one of my aunts was born named after Stephen. He is precious. I was very jealous. When I saw him wearing a red band and offering a good answer during classes, I realized that he loved me very much. I loved him. And I want to make it clear to you that he wants to do all the work in the army. She sang to me that she'd like. That's what I used to eat.

After years of suffering, she began to pursue it. Subsequently, we decided to study Mandarin as well as possible to help a friend of the same language in the area. It was difficult for me to learn this language. I used to think of how many people in China would enjoy talking about Babulela. The truth is that I was not able to speak the Mandarin language more clearly than I was when I was thirteen. We'll never forget our new fare in China. It was like a snowing out of sight in Osaka. it (eg. ink)

AUGUST 2026 29

My wife and I work in the car business in New Caledonia.

I learned to do the work in front of our eyes.

Something is wrong with me.

In all this year, there have been a lot of problems that I need to cancel. I mean, I used to think that whatever I did for Jehovah, the boys didn't do anything. That way, I spent a lot of my time preparing a speech so I could make it a success. It took me a lot of time to fall asleep just because I was not able to do what I wanted to do. (No. 7:16) I used to think that Jehovah was a lovely father. He doesn't want to work so hard and he's happy with what we are trying to do.

When I was in Paris, I was elected to a seatbelt. I used to make sure I was fat and immature so I could do this work. And I realized that the peace of God’s word can help us do what it can't do.

I have one more problem. As soon as I started my youth, I have a disease that makes me sweat a lot, say things like that in my hands. I'm always losing my temper when I'm losing my temper. A good news is when I'm in a conference. When I asked him why he was like me, it was so bad. I still have this disease. And I rely on him to help me. He helped me with my problems.

In 2011 he made it possible for us to get what we needed. It was selected to be the official language of New Cale-donia. It's a very dry country in the Pacific Ocean. It's very far from Paris when he comes to Paris. It was about a year ago that we changed. It was about a year's worth of food in the country. It looks like a shame in the bank. Dogs wag their tails and cats swish their teeth. What was the last time we had to leave the country was, when we had to talk to people, they always responded with a response.

He always helps us to do whatever is done by the team. We have been busy with the work oral history for a few years. We also went to the United States Literacy School for the purpose of transporting the work. We know that despite his tacit nature, he is able to do whatever work he needs to do. How can we make sure that even though I'm tired, she can still use me for her job? That's why I'm so proud of him for helping me with her chores. It's still too hard for me to keep up with the crowd, and he is helping me with my help so that I can encourage the brothers even while I'm with them.

In any case, I'm really helped by God. He's always blaming me. She always helps me with the work of bringing me joy. She complained about the heat in the restaurant, things like the heat in the summer.

The first meeting I went to for a year has revealed that he is the only one who cares about his people. She didn't smile for me at all. Jehovah help me to know that I should respect those who have authority and respect me. I don't have a sword anymore, so I can't give in to temptation. Yaw helping me with many friends. Jehovah gave me a beautiful woman. He's always waiting for the right time to live every day in such a way that he always gives us everything we need. Mr. 10:29, 30.

30 PIGRA ZONTUA

Who knows?

What work did people do in ancient Israel?

They used to work all day in public.

People used to live in the suburbs. Many people used to go to the radio station because they could hear the sound of the alarm. The Bible slabs described a country in greater detail than 50 words in which they were used.

People used to talk in public gatherings. The Hebrew word that the chief was translated into mouldy means to the bottom of the street. It also showed the young men and women who were colluding with each other. Some of the youths used to be so obese that many people could breathe. 8:1.

Businessmen were selling their products in the country. Some of the chief priests in Jerusalem were called in the blood of the blood of the bull, and in the blood of the goat. It's possible to sell fish again at least ten years ago. That's why they sing that song. Zep. 1:10; John 5:2.

People used to shop at the bottom of the concert halls and take turns doing things. Abraham lived a very rich man. Boaz did that once in a while ago. (Pin. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Aurut 4:1, 10) If visitors to one town while there is no one to provide them with sleeping, they used to go to the other side of the town. (Ken. 19:15-21) People used to go to public halls to listen to messages from the public. 18:24, 25.

Small children used to sit next to the king's palace. People used to listen to what they were talking about. (Three. 21:18-20) People who used to be on the quail used to help the guards catch a trap. The judge always takes time to recover; the judge does what the judge says. (Three. 15:2) The cyclist had to be picked up and helped to do what was required of the people. Yes 16:18-20; Ay 29:7, 11-17.

The people of the town of Israel who were worshiprs of the true God in the early hours of their reign were gathered together to worship him. Some people in our town used to go there to talk to them. (1 here). 22:10; Yes 12:19, 20. Of course, Jesus was going to the king's palace to tell all the people that what he said about the family of Ahab had done. Come. 10:8-10) When King Hezekiah became king over all the army forces in the capital city he was beaten to death with a knife. Yaweh has helped them. Episode one.

The Bible states that the word of the wise is called "in the open buttocks of the chief." Mag. 1:20, 21 – And as for Israel, the people who gave thanks to the Lord for the truth, the people of the town used to help them change their mind. Yesterday at this time, Babulela helped us to get to know how intelligent Jehovah is. Jehovah's people also have support and help people who know His wisdom.

AUGUST 2026 31

Püghura ZOTUA called the kingdom of Jehovah

August 2026 147, No. 8 FRAFRA

There's something about it.

There are a number of cases of October 5-11 to 2.

Asamoah sent Atanga a message to Omea Delum.

There was an emergency landing on October 12-18.

How can we defeat the Three Philanthropy?

There was an emergency landing on October 19-25 p.m.

A book taught us to be very good-looking.

There was an emergency landing on October 26–November 1 of 20

It's a great opportunity to give thanks to God.

A meeting is held at 6:00 p.m.

My grandfather helped me get to know her.

Who knows? Of 31

What work did people do in ancient Israel?

This book isn't sellable. People from the ages of made up their minds to help the teaching of the Bible throughout the world. If you want to find something to help, someone visited donate.v.org.

All the Baabule editions are from the Yendi paper—the French language for the NWT, which is from the New World translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. Je48/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

There's a problem with Babule.

There's always something to do here.

Almond's tree is one of the most abundant trees Babule has ever spoken about. This tree was one of the most abundant since the late winter in Israel. Almond's tree flower is either white or red. It began to flower at the end of January. The main character of a Hebrew tree is a tree that "is growing quickly." How can we connect this tree with its one hundred people?

They used language as an example of what we read at Jeremiah 7:25 to teach people that the Lord used to do such a thing in the past. March 15, 2011, Pigera Zontua said: "Yookowa adds a maa to the almond tree. This tree is about as tall as that one. It is true that he told his people that, unless they fulfil his purpose, things will get difficult. He was kind enough to know if what he said would come true. 1:11, 12.

At some point, the Bible had a new storyteller named after the white almond tree. (No. 12:5) Bezalel, who was in the rock floor, dressed like an al-mond tree. Yes KDE17-20

Go to uv.org's various online business or the cash register.

J.ORG ®

w26.08-FF