JULY 2026

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

AUDSIA: SEPTEMBER 7–OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

Learn Something From the Girbeans

“The people of Gibeon and Israel have entered into a peace treaty, and they are the ones they live with.”—YOS. 10:1.

DWOM 88 Shows Me Your Ways

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

We'll find out what we can learn from the people of Gibeon. In addition, we will learn from how we communicate with them.

40 years after the people of the sons of Israel left Egypt, they went to the land of promise. Jehovah help them win big cities like Jericho and Ai. But later something unexpected happened. The result was that, when they were present, they were not going to see a traveller's face. Their full claim is that they have come from a distant country, and they want to make a peace treaty with the people of Israel.

2 These travelers were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were, were. When they went to the sons of Israel, it was the first time the Bible had ever spoken about them. The Bible informs us that the people of Gibeon lived with the people of Israel for many years. What happened in the lives of the people of Gibeon and the people of Israel is a lot of lesson, and it also helps us to learn some of the attributes of our God.

COURTSHIP IN THE HUMILITY AND HUMILITY

3 When the people of the sons of Israel reached the land of Canaan, there were seven states on the land that were to succeed them. They were 'prolific, and stronger' countries rather than the Israelites. (Deut. 7:1) These seven countries included the Jews, and that was where the people of Gbelon were. Looking at the people of Gibeon, the town they used to live in, they had walled all around; the army also had a lot of troops. (Yos. 10:2) Despite this, the people of the Gibeon came to realize that if they followed the rest of the countries fighting with the sons of Israel, they would lose their weight if they lost. Because they knew that the Lord was fighting for the people of Israel, he had promised them that he would drive out all the Kanaans from the land. (Ex. 34:11; Yos. 9:24) So when the people of the Gibenites heard that the people of Israel had betrayed Ye-

1-2. What the Bible says about the people of Gideon, why should we let it concern us?

3. (a) Which people were the people of Gibeon? (b) Why did they want peace with the people of Israel?

2

The people of Gibeon persuaded the people of Israel to enter into a peace treaty with them.

(See paragraph 4)

rico and Ai were immediately sent to visit Yosu in Gilgal, asking him to sympathize with them and make a peace treaty with them.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The people of Gibeon pretended to come from a distant land. It was said that what God created through the sons of Israel to make both the king of Egypt and the king of the Amorites Sihon and Og have been heard. But what the Israelites used to do was not that of Jericho and Ai, the Philistines did not succeed. The people of Israel had just destroyed these villages, so it would be difficult for someone from "a distant land" to hear of them so easily. You can see the sights of the people of Gibeon.

good. The elders of Israel, in turn, did not ask for his opinion on the matter at all; they believed in all the things that the people of Gibeons had taught them and the things they had been told. (Yos. 9:14, 15) Soon, what the people of Gibeon did became clear. But because the elders of Israel had declared the name of Jehovah among them, they did not do anything to the people of Gibeon. (Yos. 9:16-19) What they did was, they handed over landwork to the people of Gibeons. That is, they will “go and fetch water for the whole association and for the praise of the Lord.” 9:27.

5 When five Amorious chiefs heard that the people of Gibeon had brought their cloth on the people of Israel, they joined forces to go and suggest it to the people of Gibeon. The people of the Tribe cried out to Joshua to help them. (Yos. 10:3-7) Thus Joshua led the people of Israel to cut off their gathering of the Philistines, and Jehovah also interfered with them and they were victorious. As a result, God caused snow to fall

* The men who went to Yosu to talk to him came from Gibeon, Kefira, Beerot, and Kiriat-Yearim.—Yos. 9:17.

4. (a) In view of Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Philistines persuade the people of Israel to enter into a peace treaty with them? (See also picture.) (b) When the Israelites realized that the Philistines had been misled, what did the Israelites do?

5. What did the people of Gibeon do that suggested that they had faith in Jehovah?

JULY 2026

3

Some of the Amori warriors were killed by giants in the sky, and he made the sun stand firm even though the people of Israel defeated the Amori. (Yos. 10:9-14) The people of Gibeons showed they had strong faith in Jehovah. Why is it? Regardless, they personally requested the people of Israel to enter into a peace treaty with them. Also, when they entered the market, they cried out to Joshua to help them. What they did was show that they were very sure that God could protect and save them.

6 What does this story tell us about Jehovah? It shows that he is humble and merciful. In fact, the people of Israel had earlier been told ‘to drive out all the people who live in the land.’ (Fiber. 33.51, 52) Those people included the people of Gibeon. But because the people of Israel forced the Philistines, they were not destroyed by God. Jehovah could have said that during the period of the people of Israel's separation from the people of Gibeon, his opinion was not asked about it, so in any case the people of Gibeon should be destroyed. But when Jehovah did not do so, he made the Israelites rule over the promise that had been imposed upon the people of Gibeon, and took his power and save the people of Gibeon.—Jos. 9:26; 11:19.

7 What can we learn from the people of Gibeons? Our faith in God should be strong. In other words, we know more about God than to the people of Gibeon. So what we can depend on is enough of our trust in him. (Dw. 40.4, 5) Another lesson we can learn from the people of Gibeons is that, the small tasks that others may consider to be low in service to God, we must humble ourselves. (Yos. 9:23, 27) A younger brother named Luke says that, at one time an elderly brother in Bethel did something to his surprise. This brother was handcrafted by large businesses in Bethel. But he did something very rude. For a time, they were building Kingdom Hall, so they needed some brothers to stay up late at night. As soon as the elder brother heard of it, he volunteered to go and wait. “The brother’s actions give me a feeling that, when we are very humble, it’s not our own fault,” admits Luke. So as the people of Gibeon, we too need faith in him when we are facing challenges and if we trust in him. Also, if we humble ourselves and do any work in the army, we are mimicking the people of Gibeon.

If something is not right with you, give it to Jehovah

8 Many years later, the story of the people of Gibeon appeared again in the Bible. At that time, Saul was the king of Israel, and he targeted the Philistines who lived in Israel. Saul was “reputing secretly for Israel and for Judah,” so he decided to exterminate the Philistines. * After that, he killed some of them. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) What Saul did, he and the Philistines did not defeat him at all! The peace pact, signed years earlier by the people of Israel and the people of Gibeon, was destroyed by Saul on a single day.

9 What Saul used to do to the Philistines, then he did nothing at all. He waited until David succeeded Saul in doing something about it. For three years, Israel was struck by a white drought, which led to a severe famine. Asamoah asked him what had happened and he told his family that, as a result, he had been guilty of murder with his family.

* The Bible doesn't mean specifically why Saul was "shocking for Israel and for Judah." Some experts suggest that Saul may not have been popular in his home country.

6. As did the people of Jehovah and the Gibeons, what can we learn from them?

7. How can we imitate the faith and humility of the people of Gideon? (See also picture.)

8. What did Saul use to do to the Philistines?

9. What did Saul do to the Philistines, when did he do something about it?

4

OWN-ABAN

Humble yourself to minor projects considered by others to be low, and imitate the people of Gibeon.

(See paragraph 7)

they disagreed with the people of Gibeon. As a result, they will not get it.—2 Sam. 21:1.

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. Dauda asked the people of Gibeons if what happened to them was wrong with Saul, why should he blame them? You see, the people of Gibeon will say that David has never done anything about the matter before, so will they say that he doesn't pay them any capital bills? For example, see what the people of Gibeon told David. They said that “the matter isn’t a silver and a golden issue.” This statement made by the people of Gideon shows that they knew the Law of God very well. For the law made it plain that if a person committed suicide, he should also die; no money could be paid back. (Fiber. 35.30, 31) The people of Gibeoni also knew that, the only King had the right to say we don't kill anyone. David thus told the Philistines that seven men from the family of Saul could be killed. It is possible that, these men were among those who helped Saul assassinate the Philistines. After that, it began to rain in Israel, and he wanted to finish all his hunger. This means that now, the one who did remove his anger from Israel.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

11 What does this story tell us about Jehovah? It helps us to know that our actions are not in vain. (Dw. KDE28) Today, if there are any people, you don’t come from one country, or if you’re not the same as them, they despise you, and they can mistreat you. But that is not what he wants us to do, he wants us to treat people as he wants us to. Also, there are some servants of God who are very poor and those who are poor, some people worship him because they despise them. However, he has promised that he will soon eliminate all forms of injustice and will save them. Another lesson in the case is that, just as the people of Israel expected to fulfil the promise they had made to the people of Gibeon, we, too, do whatever we have promised, expect to succeed.—cf. 1:9.

12 What can we learn from the people of Gibeons? Even if some of our fellow Christians did not treat us properly, we should wait for the Lord. We must remember that, happy times and good times go hand in hand. If we do so, it means that we trust in him that he is the one who can solve our problems for us.

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, what did the people of Gibeons do to show their desire to obey the Law of Jehovah?

11. What does this story tell us about God?

12. If someone did not treat us properly, how can we learn to imitate the people of Gibeons?

JULY 2026 5

For instance, we don't use a sister named Laura French as an example. He went to work at Bethel in 1926 and was met with a painful cold ten years later. He was accused of conspiring with a couple. As a result of that, Sister French was made available from Seattle. He didn't advertise, even though the case went against him. Instead, he became a pioneer for four years. After that, Sister French was invited back to Bethel in 1940; she was surprised and was very happy. She remained faithful to Jehovah for 50 years in Bethel until her death. The sister French saying makes it clear that even if our siblings did not treat us positively, we should not retaliate with evil. Instead, we are the only ones that will be left to God, and in due time he will take care of the situation in his own right hand. KDE3, 4.

Keep WEARING HATS BEGAN IN DAGBON

13 After the death of David, nearly 500 years later, the story of the Philistines reappeared in the Bible. The Jews went to Babylon for 70 years, and in the year 537 before Jesus, some of them King Sheba returned to Jerusalem. (Essation 2:1, 2, 58) And some also came with the secretary Ezra 468 before Jesus. (Esra 7:1-7) Those who followed Governor Serubabel and secretary Ezra to Jerusalem, included "The Nemins". (See Ezra 2:58 and 7:7 footnotes.) To this day we don't ask, who were these Netimists? “They were non-Israeli servants of the temple or of the temple,” and many of them must have been descendants of the Tribes.—See Specification of Some Bible Texts, “The Neinists.”

14 Read Season 1 9:2 and the footnote. The “ministers of the temple” were among the first people to come from Babylon to Jerusalem. What they did meant was that they had a very good faith, because not all the Jews who had travelled to Babylon returned to Jerusalem. Some of the Jews may have been in Babylon, so it was difficult for them to abandon their quality of living to help rebuilding Jerusalem. But some of the Jews showed that they had a good faith. Their main purpose was to come to Jerusalem and build the temple and worship it. Although they were back in Jerusalem, they were not alive, but they did not let anything cross their roads. These people must have included some of the Gideonites. The Jews had land in Israel, but as for the descendants of the Tribes, they had no land. But that did not stop them; they returned to continue their work at the temple, helping to rebuild the walls of Jerusalem as well.—Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this story tell us about Jehovah? This raises the fact that if a person makes a sacrifice to God, then he or she will never give up on that person! Why are we saying that? Looking at the time when the Amorites invaded the Philistines like this, he did not look down on them; he cut them off. Besides, when the Philistines invaded Jerusalem, the Philistines were protected by God. Also, when the Jews returned from Babylon, God did not make them forget the people of the Gibeons; he kept them busy at the temple. Some of the people of Gibeoni were even sitting near the temple. (Essation 2:70; Neh. 11:21) Because of the work they did in the temple, they didn't pay any taxes.—See 7:24.

13. Who are the “neems,” and how did they come back from Babylon when the Jews returned from their homeland?

14. What did the people of Gibeons do in recognition of their support of the worship of Jehovah? (1 Season 9:2 and footnote)

15. What does this proverb do for Jehovah?

6 OWN-ABAN

16 What can we learn from the people of Gibeons? We, on the other hand, want to get married to each other in the service of our God, and we help others to come to know him. Because we love and want to please him, we do so if there is something that we need to sacrifice in order to serve him well. Uncle Alwin of the Philippines has modeled this. She worked with an oil mining conglomerate, and was an experimental reward. But he wanted to spend more time with Jehovah. Every time a sheriff comes to visit his congregation, he requests permission at work so that he can spend more time in the field that week. If he does that, his happiness is not limited. At one point, Alwin wanted to quit his job as a regular pioneer. So he often blamed Yaw for helping him find work that could make him a regular pioneer. He knew that having a new job compared to his previous job would not be enough. But that's not what he was watching. He was the only one who needed the job. Later, his wife also became a pioneer, and the two have been able to help 21 people also become Jehovah's Witnesses. What Alwin and his wife have done is never going to be forgotten by God. In addition, whatever sacrifice you make in the service of God, never forget it, and will ensure that you receive whatever you need.—Mat. 6:33.

17 The people of Gibeon have taught us a lot about Jehovah. Let us know that he is humble, compassionate, respectful, and truthful. Also, if his servants sacrifice something in his service, he will never let their hands down. We have learnt new things from the conversation about the people of Gibeon where we can live. For example, we need to trust in and trust in God when we are facing a problem or a problem of heart. In addition, every task entrusted to the service of the Lord has to be welcomed with humility. It’s not only that, if people do not treat us properly, they should remember that time and good times go by and that we should leave everything to him. We have also realized that, we need to invest in and support the ministry of the Lord. Let us therefore do our best to imitate the people of Gibeon.

16. What can we learn from the people of Gibeons?

17. What have we learned from the story of the people of Gibeons?

How Would You Answer?

How can we demonstrate that we have faith and humility like the people of Gibeons?

How can we imitate the people of Gideon when one does not treat us properly?

How can we chase the worship of Jehovah like the people of Gibeons?

DOM 148 Jehovah Is a Refugee

SEPTEMBER 14-20, 2026

DOOM 41 Listen to My Prayer

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

If we look at the books of the book of Jesus and read them, we will be able to encourage ourselves.

The book of Asamoah Can comfort You

“What Jehovah has said: 2. 2. 'Just as a woman comforts her son, so I will keep comfort you.' ”—Yes. 66:12, 13.

For example, suppose a child is crying, and he is compensated anywhere that is not appropriate. Perhaps all the reasons why she is crying is that she and her parents are moving from one place to another. So it's hurt that he's going to leave his friends. Or maybe he has made a mistake, and he is angry with her and she is crying. If so, what will she do with love and affection for her son? He will secure his son, and he will learn the reason why he is crying. He ended up convincing his son that he was very sleepy.

2 Asamoah is like a mother who loves and comforts her son. “just as a woman comforts her son, so I will keep on comfort you,” she says. (Yes. 66:13) The love that God has for us is greater than the love that any parent has for his/her child. (Yes. 49:15) Jehovah has given us abundant comfort in his word the Bible, so that when we throw or leave us, it can strengthen us.—Roman. 15:4.

3 Jehovah has packed the book of Jesus with comfort. (Yes. 40.1) At times, things were difficult for the people of the LORD who lived in Judah. Because of his love and affection for his children, he made many difficult for Asamoah to do. We, too, live in a “harp time”, so we need comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) Then, let us look at how some of the text of the book of Jesus may comfort and comfort us in the following situation. First, when things change at once in our lives. Second, when we have sin, we are bearing the consequences of doing something wrong. Finally, when we are mourning the death of a loved one

1-2. What does God do to help us if we experience a problem or make a mistake?

3. What will we consider in this article?

8

When things change very much.

4 Things can change at once in our lives. (Section. 9:11; 1 Kor. 7:31) We may be affected by a disease, our finances may be distressed, politics may result in fights, or the church of Jehovah may change our role. If such a change may come, you may be embarrassed, and your mind may be confused. If so, you might ask yourself, ‘So now, why not?’ A brother named Joseph spent 17 years working at Bethel, and later was made to serve as a regular pioneer. “I felt like a dream,” he says. I've lived at Bethel for quite a long time, so I'm leaving for a new life. So I don’t know what to do.” If things change at once, what assurance does God give us in the book of Jesus that can help us?

5 Read Isaiah 42.16. When a person feels that his or her world is dark and he or she doesn’t know where to go, he or she has promised to direct him, and he will let the dark of the drug turn into light. Once our lives have changed and we do not know what is in front of us, it can seem like 'we're blind,' like we're walking in 'some way we've never been,' we've gone through 'esum', or we're "where the yoke is. It may seem like we're in a forest country without a place to live. But he has assured us that wherever he comes, he will guide us, and never will he! He will hold us by the hand through the darkness, will keep us light, and the place where it is.

4. If things change at once in our lives, how can we be affected?

5. What assurance does the Lord give us at Yes:16? (See also picture.)

Even if things change at once in your life, you will never be found by him (see verse 5).

'I won't leave you in the wrong way if you don't continue.'

Asamoah will keep us from going on time without getting tired. How will he do it? He will give us good advice through his word the Bible. (Dw. Description105; Yes. 30:21) Also, he will help us through our Christian brothers and others. So even if things are hard and we don’t know what’s in front of us, we can be sure that God will direct us, because he loves us and knows what we are going through. 41.10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

The aforementioned 6 Joseph reveals what Jehovah did to help him and his wife when they left Bethel. “When we left Bethel, we saw his hand hand hand in our life,” he says. He came to our aid through our brothers. Everything we need in life, he made us remember it, and he gave us great comfort. Jehovah has never seen us!” You too, if things change at once in your life and even if they are difficult to do, be sure that God will guide and encourage you. (Yes. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph added: “I am deeply touched by the words of one of our songs. It states: 'What will happen tomorrow is that I don't know. He's with me at all costs. '* Of course, things may not go the way we expect them, but we must remember that whatever happens in our lives, Jehovah is with us.”

When a sin is committed against us

7 If we commit a grave offence and we tell the older men of the flock that they love us, they will help us. After that, we got married

* The lyrics come from songs that don't belong to our album. “The Lord is with me”, we have declared.

6. If things change at once in our lives, what assurance can we get?

7. How can a past wrong be felt?

We must never resort to that bad habit again. (Mmeb. 18:13; Yak. 5:14-16; 1 Yow. 1:9) But despite the fact that God has forgiven all of us all, our conscience can suffer the same way. You might say, ‘I am sorry for what I have done; how has he forgiven me?’ (2 Cor. 2:7) If you feel the same way, it makes sense, because past sins can be serious, and can be difficult to get out of our minds. When King David was wrong, he said: “Because of my transgression, my bones do not get fed up with me.” He added: "I have been very weak and I have completely broken." (Dw. 38.3, 8) Also, if you are still suffering from a past sin, then the book of Jesus will help you very much.

8 Readsiah 1:18. He told us a parable about how he completely forgiven us. He says that even if we sin “like a koyana,” he will make it "white like snow." We know that fire is something that is difficult to wash. But he has assured us that if he forgives us, he will forgive us forever!

9 As for you, let's not use King David as an example. Though he damaged marriage and also committed suicide, he was forgiven by God, later claiming that David was a man of pure heart. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Ache. 9:4, 5) Jehovah, the faithful servant of David, that was the focus of his mind, not the sins he had committed in the past. We, on the other hand, if we sin and turn to him with all our heart, he forgave us and gives us a good conscience to serve him. What further message of comfort is in the book of the book of the book of Jesus?

8-9. What is the meaning of Jesus 1:18 for us to know how pardoning God?

10 OWN-ABAN

“You have punished all my sin behind you.”

It is not an evil we have done that we have done that is not what we have done that is not what we have done that is not what we have done that is what we have not done. (See verse 11)

Can it help us when our conscience is beating us?

10 Reads Isa 38:17 and footnotes. “You have taken away all my sins,” the statement, “you have forgiven me.” This example helps us to recognize that if a bad person does not hide his sins, he or she may not be found or cared about again. “You have made [my sin] appear to have done nothing wrong,” says one paper. So if he forgave us, then it is as if we never did anything wrong; he will not blame us any more, and he will never punish us any more. He completely swept away that bad habit. He has promised: "I will not remember your sins any more." (Yes. 43.25) Don't you realize that we are deeply saddened by this news? Asamoah the Impeacher

Your past sins should never cause you to lose your joy in serving God

Even if we have forgotten all the bad happenings that we have done in the past, then why should we let them trouble us?

Whenever we are affected by sins that we have committed, we need to remember the assurance that God has given us. He has told us that if we forgive, it is forgiven. The past sins don't make us ashamed. Also, he is not like humans and we are very angry with him. (Yes. 57:16) What we have done is not what we have done in the past but what matters to Jehovah is how we live now, and how we are trying to please him. (Yes. 55:7)

10. What comfort is at Isa 38:17?

11. Despite our sins, what does God care about us? (See also picture.)

JULY 2026 11

“Your dead will survive.”

The hope of seeing our dead loved ones again will come true in every way (See verse 14).

Our God is really a God who loves us and forgiving us! For this reason, we should never allow our past sins to be damaging to our joy in serving our God. Again, we should not give up on our service to God for future blessings.

When we are eating something of a sort that is good for a person’s health

12 When a loved one dies, sorrow can come on us, and the pain we have can last forever. Sometimes, we don't understand how much God care for our loved one's death. We can see a brother named Michael; his parents bought his house by fire, and were forced to die. “I was heartbroken, and I was angry with him for ensuring that they were dead,” he says. I know it wasn't him who killed them, but he didn't do anything about it.” You may feel the same way before. If we are discouraged like that, what kind of comfort does he give us?

13 Readsiah 15:8. Jehovah has promised that he will "send death forever." For you, make sure you live in a world where death no longer exists. It never happens that a loved one dies and you are saddened. (Yes. 35.10) Likewise, it will never let you know that a lover of yours is lying in a coffin that we are carrying him on the floor. Instead, hope to live forever with your loved ones. This promise is not a grain; it is said by God himself, because he is the only one who can make it come true. 21:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah19. Not only will he remove death but he will revive our dead loved ones. For example, watch what he says about the dead.

12. When a loved one dies, how can we feel it?

13. Of what importance is the Lord's promise to us at the cost of Jesus Christ?

14. When you think about the resurrection, how does it make you feel? (Issasia•19) (See also picture.)

12 ADOPTIONS-ABAN

He says: "My body will get up." This shows that, they belong to God and he remembers all of them. So if he wears a tie, he will wake them up. Asamoah, the source of life, will bring back to life our dead loved ones. For instance, be careful not to let them down! Only fun!—In comparison to Mark 5:42.

15 Though the promise that God has made to raise our dead loved ones does not make us anxious, we know that he has not forgotten them. Michael, described earlier, was saddened by this hope. “Isiah 19 helped me to realize that my parents are very proud of him,” he says. I know that he won't forget them, and he will remember them all forever until he resurrects them from death in the future. This comforts me very much, and it strengthens me.” We, too, hope to see our dead loved ones again, let’s keep thinking about them. Doing so will ease the pain we are having.

16 We have seen how some of the text in the book of Jesus can comfort us when things have changed at once in our lives, when we are suffering from a past sin, and when we mourn the death of a loved one. We are glad that he comforts us through his word. (Dw. 94:19) When you are going through a problem, is there a specific tragedy that comforts you? If so, keep your eyes open, or even keep your eyes open, or close your eyes open. We are sure that the words our Father, the love we have for him, will comfort you.

15. How does his resurrection hope help us when our loved one is dead?

16. When you are going through some difficulties, what specific disturbances do you expect?

LOTS BEGINNPage 9: A couple go from Bethel to another church, and have a smile on their faces. Page 11: A brother is at a pioneering school, and is happy; he does not let the past wrong trouble trouble him.

THE HUMILITY OF THE LIVING AREA. 2. 2.

?Issiah 42:16?

Issiah 1:18; 38:17?

Issiah 15:8; 19?

DWOM 3

Our Strength, Hope and Trust

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

DWOM 12

Almighty, God

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

We will look at how one can know or know God, how much more so we need to know him.

Continue to See Jehovah

“See the God who your father served you, and serve him with a complete heart. 2. 2. the. ”—1 BE. 18:9.

THE knowledge and wisdom of God are deep, and his works are numerous. When we reflect on the ways of the Creator, we are surprised. For this reason, we may also refer to the claim made by the Paul: “How much more so do God’s riches and wisdom and knowledge! We will never be able to finish his sentence, and we will never be able to look into his ways!”—Roman. 11:33, 34.

2 Though we cannot see anything about Jehovah, what will help us to see how he is, we can see him. Our reason for this is that King David told his son Solomon: 'Give god to your father and serve him with a complete heart. If you search for him, he will let you see him.' (1 Be. 00:009) Over the years, the apostle John also told his fellow Christians that, 'the knowledge of the honest person can be obtained.' (1 Yoh. 5:20) Jesus himself said that anyone who wants to know the Father well will be helped to see him.—Mat. 11:27.

3 As a dedicated servant of the Lord, we have learnt many things about him. But 'we will never finish', or we will never learn about him. (John. 17:3) As an example, what we do to please God, and how we can have his greatest trust, we can learn about him every day. Whether we have been in the meeting for a long time or not, let us consider some three questions. It will help us all to know better about God. This is: What does it mean to know God well? Why should we continue to see things from a distance? How do we know him well?

1. How does thinking of Jehovah’s intelligence, knowledge and abilities make us feel?

2. What shows that we can see him well?

3. What will we consider in this article?

14

What does it mean to know God well?

4 What Jesus said about the return of the Jews from Babylon to their homeland, it gives us insight into what will help us to know better about God. “I will give them a heart to know that I am the one who (Yes. 00:007) For those who came from Babylon, they already knew a lot about Jehovah. But in order to know better, they had to search for him with all their heart and mind. According to one paper: “To say that one know about God is, and to say that he knows God well, there is a great difference. It has become like someone reading about love, and someone who has heard someone who has fallen in love.” It is not a prophecy that we will know the existence of God, and his name is mentioned by his name, the Lord, and the word. Instead, we need to know how well he is.

5 When we try to get to know him better, it let us know what he wants and what he doesn't. Let's use King Josiah's example. The Bible states: “In the 8th year of his reign, as a child, he began to look for his great-grandfather, the God of David.” (2 Be. 34:3) Not only did he learn about Jehovah, but he also used what he learned. Through the prophet Jeremiah, Jehovah said that he 'magnified justice and justice,' and insulted them with pity and poverty. “It doesn’t mean knowing me, does it?” said Asamoah. 22:15, 16.

6 Reads 9:10. When We See Jesus

He/she will increase our trust in him if possible. The apostle Paul found out that the story was true. While in prison for a short time, he cried out: "I'm not ashamed. For I know who I have believed.” (2 Tim. 1:12) What Paul had learned about Jehovah and how he had helped him in his life, enabled him to rely fully on him. This shows that, Paul was in his trust in God that he would not forget his faithful service and that he would be raised up in the future.

Why should we Keep WEARING attention to Jesus?

7 When we started to learn about Jehovah, we got to know him well. But if we serve our God for a long time, we will not take him for granted. Why is it possible? When we read the Bible under the household or under study, how we use it to live our lives with what we are learning, and how to encourage others, that will be how we focus on it. If we do not do that, it is because the Bible says we are not. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) However, the Bible also informs us a lot about Jehovah. (Dw. 15:8-10) Therefore, when we are reading the Bible, it is not only help us and others to let it matter to us. Instead, we should also ask ourselves: ‘What am I reading that makes me know about the God of Jehovah? '*

8 If we get to know Jehovah better, it will make us go with him

* If you look at the New World's Meaning, there is a section titled “What Is in God's Word.” See the 20th question.

4. What will help us get to know him better?

5. In case of fear, what can we learn from King Josiah?

6. As noted at 9:10, how will knowing about God’s help related to him or her can help us?

7. What can happen if we serve God for a long time?

8. When we get to know him personally, how does he contribute to our friendship? (Singer 73:24-28)

JULY 2026 15

His relationship has been difficult. For example, how does it feel to read the Bible every day, watch the monthly broadcasting service, or attend a meeting? If we do so, then we will know that we are close to our Father in heaven. Why is it? Since we've learned a lot about him That’s why we praise him and thank him. We feel like a singer Asamoah. Asamoah wondered, “God is my rock and my share forever.” (Reading 73:24-28.) The more we learn about God, the more we realize our relationship with him and what we need to remember about him.

9 The Bible tells us to 'see' Jehovah. (Mmeb. 3:5, 6) This means that, the things we have learn about God, we must think about them, and make them clear that as we live, they are important to him. If we do that, it will make the right decision. For example, there are some brothers who keep photos of their husband or wife on their desks, are able to put them in their lap, or are able to put them on their phones. doing so helps them to focus more on each other. Also, they make sure that whatever they do, they are happy and that it is not to make them sad. We, on the other hand, will make the decision that will please him if we frequently think about him. 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah created us in his image, so we can learn from his behavior. (Gen. 1:26) Continuing to learn about Jehovah will help

9. How does “the knowledge of God” help us? For comparison.

10. How does learning about God help us?

We have improved our image of him. Jesus strongly accused the teachers and the Pharisees of not revealing God's character. Although the basic features of the law were not fully playable, 'the essential elements of the law, namely justice and mercy and integrity, were not acted upon.' (Mat. 23:23) For us, we should not imitate the traitors and the Pharisees, but rather if we read the Bible, we should pay attention to the behavior of the Lord. If we do so, it will help us to learn about the character of the 4:8, 11.

How can we know better about God?

Who helped you know who Jehovah is? Maybe your parents brought you up with the truth. Perhaps you were taught about the character of God’s people, and you were taught that the things he has created are also revealed to him by means of his behavior. Maybe a friend of Jehovah's Witnesses came to you to study the Bible with you. Just as the words from the Bible and the things that Jehovah has made known to us his character, maybe the one he/she is able to make you happy forever! The book helps you think further. * (Neh. 8:8; deaf. 14:17) In either case, let us consider what we can do to continue learning about Jehovah.

12 The first thing that will help us to know better about God is that we will get married

* How Can You Always Be Happy! the book, 07th class 5-7.

11. How did you come to know Jehovah?

12-13. When we read the Bible, what can we find out about him? Model it. (See also picture in front of the Guardian-Government.)

16 OWN-ABAN

Think about the things that Jehovah has created, and it will let you know better about them.

(See paragraph 15)

He has studied the Bible. The Bible sometimes speaks of a specific character of God. (Ex. 34:6, 7) However, it generally covers trends in people's lives and decisions. Therefore, if you read such a book, be careful to read what makes you feel about God.

13 Let's Look At An example. Take note that you are reading from 38:6-13, and then you notice that the Ethiopian Ebed-Melek did something to save the prophet Jeremiah. Make sure what you will think so quickly is what you can learn from Ebed-Melek; his commitment, courage and love. And what about his behavior, do you know anything about this? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) What are some of the ways in which you can learn to appreciate, take good care of, and communicate with, people? What else do you have in this regard? Every time you read a passage in the Bible, try to see the true character of God, and thank him for letting you know that character.

The second thing that will help us to know better about God is that we will think about his (Dw. 145:9, 10) However, just looking at nature will not help us to see him clearly. Some have devoted their lives to studying nature, but they do not believe in the existence of God and have forgotten his character. The apostle Paul said that "the inhumane behaviors of God. 2. 2. It has been quite obvious since he created the world, and they find it through his inventions.” (Roman. 1:20) A Bible translation translates this verse as, “ If you take good care of things,” you can see the character of God. When we look at the things that God has created and think, it will help us to identify his behavior.

15 If there are many of us, we live in the town

14. Why should we think about the things that Jehovah has created?

15. How did Patrick come to know better about God, and how can you learn to learn from him? (See also picture.)

JULY 2026 17

so we don't see many of God's creations. Even if you live in such a place, you can look at things from his or her point of view. A brother named Patrick lives in Brazzaville; it is a big city in the Republic of the Congo. “ Every day I try to look at the nature of God,” he says. I often see ants and birds with eyes in their eyes watching food and a place to sleep. I once saw some birds making their nests. They changed some of the things in our community that can be used to defraud their children. Not only did Patrick take care of the birds but he also cared for the Creator. He continued with his words: “I began to see that even the little animals that seem to be of little use are of no use. This assured me that he cares for me and that he is interested in me so much that nothing I need will never happen to me.”

16 The third thing that will tell us about God is that we will think about what he has done for us. This is what Jesus' mother, Mary, did. In other words, he knew him well before, and he had been 'led' before. (Luka 1:30) But Jehovah entrusted a great work to him; that is, to give birth to the Son of God. This worked so hard, so he was inspired by the angel Gabriel and Mary's family, Elizabeth, to say goodbye. Asamoah focused on what had happened in his life, and what the angel had told him and Elizabeth. It let him know that his power is in his hands, that he is good to everybody,

16. What helped Jesus' mother, Mary, to know better about God, and what can we learn from her? (See also picture.)

If you are thinking about what God has done for you, you will be able to get to know him better.

(See verse 16)

18 OWN-ABAN

and even the least of them is that of the one who does something. (Luca 1:46-55) Mary came to know that she had done something for him, and that she was behind him, so she expressed appreciation for it. We, too, need to be grateful if he ‘suppresses us in time of need’. (Heb. 4:16) If you have something to do with help, do you sit down and ask yourself: 'So what has God done to help me, then what can let me know about him? What is her character that lets me know?’

we can learn old things about Jehovah

17 When we go into the new world, things that we learn about God are not game. At that time, he will give us a book that will inform us of his intentions and his desires. (Revenge. 20:12) Where, if you look to the left, you look to the right, you will see only things that God has created. Therefore, it will help us learn more about Jehovah. (Yes. 11:6-9) For you, make sure you are in Paradise, and all the things that are about to come to an end, sin is slowly leaving you, and your loved ones who have died have also been raised up. How so much you'll see to it!

18 For the Lord, we cannot finish learning about him! He is always there, so "we can't finish analyzing his logic." (Dw. 90:2; 147:5) As such, “the work of the true God from the beginning to the end will never be known to men.” (Section. 3:11) So if we have been to the meeting for a long time, whether we are coming yesterday, let us all of us learn more about our loving Father.

17-18. Why can we say that we are unable to finish learning about God?

Mobile Front: Ebed-Melek is removing Jeremiah from the well; his invention shows he was very brave. Page 18: A stressed brother is thinking about how Jehovah helped him to perform his role during a midweek course.

How Would You Answer?

What does it mean to know Jehovah well?

Why should we pay attention to Jehovah?

How can we get to know Jehovah well?

DWOM 28 What Jehovah Will befriend

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

Help People to See Jehovah

DOM 79 helps to quell

To survive forever, one must know who you are to be the only true God—YOH. 17:3.

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

How you can help a learner of God’s name, his character, and his or her preferences and desires.

If a student of yours begins to study, begins to answer, share what they are learning with others and make the decision to study, how do you feel? When that happens, it brings you happiness! But we know that having such a development is not our strengths, but ours is the help of our Lord. When we see a person falling into the truth, it means all praise to God.—1 Correspondence. 3:5-9; 3 Yow. 3, 4.

2 The thing in God's heart is 'to take all sorts of people and to acquire accurate knowledge of the truth' (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4) We want people to know him. Not only that, everything he intends to do for humanity, he wants people to know. (Yes. 9:24) If we can do so, unless we acquire accurate knowledge of the truth. Therefore, we do not question whether we have a clear understanding of the truth. What does it mean? A scholar on the Bible pointed out that having an accurate knowledge of the truth is not only a person’s knowledge of God but also his/her knowledge of God’s secrets. Thus, when a Bible student finds out about God, his knowledge makes him change his life, and it gives him hope that he can have "permanent life"—John. 17:3.

3 Jehovah is very kind to us; he has given us the opportunity to help others see him. In this article, we are going to consider these questions. First, why should learners know better about Jehovah? Second, how can we help Bible students to understand the nature of Jehovah? Finally, how can we help them to get what they are learning to practice in their life?

1. How do you feel if you find out if you are growing up with a certain Bible student?

2. What is the intentions of our heart? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this article?

20

helps the student to see better Jehovah

4 Jesus said that the greatest of the commandments is love of God with all our heart, soul, mind and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) In order to love God, a Bible student must first know his God. Thus, our Bible students should be moved to tears by their love for and love for God, not just our favorite theory, or our love. Therefore, if we are studying the Bible with someone, the most important thing to remember is to help the person know and love God.

5 There is love, and obedience; if you love someone who listens to him. So if your Bible student finds out about and loves her, she is no better than ask him to obey her. Jesus said: "For the world to know that I love the Father, I am doing the things the Father has commanded me to do.” (John. 14:31) Likewise to our Bible students; if they come to love God more than anything in their life, they will pay attention to him, and will be drawn away from him forever.—1 Yeho. 5:3.

6 If a Bible student fully learns about God, it will be easier for him to make a decision that is in line with his/her intentions. As for you, let’s take a look at an example. A person who wants to learn to drive a vehicle does not only know the rules about driving and know how to ride a horse, but also use his eyes to see a driving instructor. Instead, he should sit behind a chair and take a round-the-clock walk.

on. That will allow him to face various situations, and to know what to do in any of them. Our students of the Bible, on the other hand, are not just studying the Bible with them, indicating that they know who they are. Instead, what we are learning, how to use it in their lives, and how much it communicates about him and how much it communicates to him. If they continue to take in knowledge of God and see how he is helping them with life, it will help them make the right decision.

7 If we look at Joseph like this, because he knew very well about God, when his wife, Potifar, wanted to spend time with him, she helped him. Asamoah didn't hear of Adam and Eve and Abraham and Sara. (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) For this reason, Joseph knew about Jehovah's view of marriage and sex. Asamoah didn't know the answer when she asked him to have sex with her. Instead, he said to himself: “How could I commit this kind of terrorism that I have committed against God?” (Gen. 39:7-9) Joseph knew the mind of Jehovah so he knew what he wanted and what he did; and knowing what he did, it would make God sorry. As a result, Joseph made a good decision. In a similar way, we should help our Bible students to come to know him better, to understand his true feelings. If we do so, it will help them make a decision that is acceptable to God.

DO WHAT THE BREATING

8 How can you help your student to see how God is? Asamoah wanted to let him know how he was living, so he used the questions. Jehovah asked Job more than 50 questions. (Hiob 38:1–41:34)

4. In view of the statement at Mark 12:30, what should be kept in mind while studying the Bible?

5. How does learning about God’s love affect your student?

6. How does learning about God help a student? Define an analogy.

7. How did she help him because he knew her well?

8. How Can You Always Be Happy? Has the book helped your student to understand how Jehovah is?

JULY 2026 21

Helpful Questionnaires

More Questions Can You Always Be Happy! The book, which can help you learn more about God. Among them are:

“How does he know those who speak the good news? (learning 21)

“When you look at what you have learnt about Jehovah and Jesus, do you look at it with a view to judging people, judge them or judge them justly? Why are you saying that?” (33 lessons)

“How does listening to God and doing your thing wise make him feel? Why is it?” (34 lessons)

“How will you feel if we marry someone who doesn’t love God?” (42 lessons)

“What’s in this text that makes us realize that God is forgiving and forgiving?” (56 lessons)

“What is the relationship between God and the wicked that makes us know that he understands, has mercy, and has love?” (57 lessons)

We too need to use questions when studying with our Bible students. Looking At You Can Always Be Happy! When this is the case, the questions are, why was it that students of the Bible should learn more about Jehovah, and learn how he feels? (See box entitled “Questionally Intelligible Questions”.) So if you are studying the book, those questions are easy to use. Doing so will help your student to see how God is.

9 If we start learning with others, we should encourage them to read the Bible every day. * How can we help them to get the most out of their Bible reading? We might conclude that after reading a passage of the Bible, they might ask themselves, ‘Why is it so important that this article is brought up in the Bible?’ ‘What’s his character’s meaning to me?’ The Prophet James has modeled on this. When talking about Job, Job not only said about how he struggled to endure temptation but also about his character. She said that she was compassionate and merciful.— Read James 5:11.

10 We want to help our Bible students to understand how a passage of the Bible can give insight into what is acceptable to God and what is not acceptable to him. For example, suppose a student of yours is watching You Can Always Be Happy! In the book, the section titled “Ken-

* How Can You Always Be Happy! The 5th lesson of the book is set out in the title section. “Be engaged in reading the Bible every day,” he says. The section, titled 'Read the Bible everyday', will help you to do that.”

9-10. (a) What will help our Bible students to get the most out of their reading of the Bible? (Yakob 5:11) (b) As an example of a biblical passage provides an insight into what is acceptable to and what is not acceptable to God.

22 OWN-ABAN

Bible student should know that if he read and does not understand the meaning of the Bible, the one who knows about it will think about it (see sections 12-13)

The former Bible Everyday,” he wanted to read about the time Daniel was put in a lion's pit. For one thing, you can encourage your mate to ask questions such as: ‘Why did God interrupt Daniel? How does this piece make me know how to please God?’ (Danel 6:10, 22) He may also ask himself: 'What happened to the men who talked about Daniel? What's the secret ingredient that comes to my knowledge of God?' (Danel 6:4, 5, 24) Also, she might ask herself, “What’s this about me?” 6:26, 27.

11 As a result of studying the Bible, one of the most important things in life is a positive person However, we ought to make sure that the Lord, the High Teacher, completes everything he is studying, is from him. (Yes. 30:20,21, sometimes a student of our Bible may praise us and maybe tell us that, the way we teach him

11. How can we help a student of the Bible to know that what we are learning is from him?

he likes it it is true that a person is worthy of praise, but he needs to be informed that if he has a present, it is appropriate to belong to God.

Help Your Bible student to Use What He/she is Learning

12 If your Bible student can see the value of what he/she is learning, he/she will do it. Then, how will you help the child to use what you are learning? First, if he does not understand a word of the Bible and he does not understand it, one who knows about God helps him to think about it. For example, your student may not know anything about God’s judgment, thinking about why some are there, how he or she may feel, how he or she may feel, how he or she may feel, how he or she may react, how he or she may react. If your student finds himself in this situation, how can you help him or her to understand his or her feelings?

13 You can encourage the child to think carefully about what he or she already knows about God. He can ask himself how he is able to do it.

12-13. How can you help a student who does not understand the Bible? (See also picture.)

JULY 2026 23

respect? (2 Pet. 3:9) Though we are a sin-abiding person, what has he done to save us? (Year. 2:4, 5) Will Asamoah punish an innocent man? Or, if one is eligible for a punishment, will he let the person go free? (Ex. 34:6, 7) If there are any information, the Bible doesn't deliberately explain why a decision was made by Jehovah. But we don't need any explanation. Because we know the One who is the richest man we worship, we know him by all means.

14 A second way your student can use the knowledge he/she is learning about God. We should not assume that your student is about to begin learning, and that he or she may find it difficult to stay close to a brother. The brother may have done something for him. If so, as far as he sees our Christian siblings, help your student to see them like that. He can ask for himself.

14. If someone has something to do with your student’s feelings, how do you help him or her?

Support your Bible student to make decisions that are acceptable to him (see sections 15-16)

and: 'With love for our brothers, what has he given to them? (John. 3: 16) How do Ye-how do we know each other? (Dw. 133:1) When Jehovah finds out that we are doing all we can to ensure the unity that exists between us, how does he feel?' (2 Cor. 13:11) helps your Bible student to see that, he needs to focus on the good behavior of others, not their faults. Doing so will make God happy.

15 The last thing you can do is to help your student make the right decision. 35th Class of You Can Always Be Happy! In the book, you can refer to it; its title is “How to Make a Better Decision.” But we don’t think that your student has prayed about the matter, has done any research that he or she should do, but it is difficult for him/her to make decisions. Perhaps he doesn't deliberately find out the Bible-specific news about his story. In such a case, you can encourage the child to see what helped Jesus to make good decisions. What helped Jesus? He said: 'I always do what is right in the eyes of my father.' (Read John 8: 29.) You can encourage your student to ask himself: ‘When I look at things that I’m studying about Jehovah, and all my research, what decisions did I make to please Ye-howa?’ remember that if you make a decision that will make you happy, it's a good decision.

16 We see a lady who was studying with the siblings in Chile; she had to make a big decision in her life. His relatives wanted him to go to a job that would make him very wealthy, but it prevented him from going to regular school. A sister who was studying with him named Marianne explained: “I let him know that I am right.

15-16. (a) If a Bible student must make a big decision, how can he imitate Jesus? (John 8:29) (b) What did Marianne do to help her Bible student make good decisions? (See also picture.)

24 OWN-ABAN

Decision making may or may not make him happy. So don't be too anxious. Also, I encouraged him to put his problem before his God, and to see how he would answer his prayer. He decided not to do that work, and he soon found a job that could make him attend classes regularly.” Let’s also note that Marianne didn’t tell his student to do this or that, but what his student already knew about Jehovah helped him to think about it. As a result, the student got closer to Marianne and stronger his relationship with Jehovah. For instance, listen to what Marianne says about his student. “My student has come to realize that if we put his or her trust in him first, he will take care of us,” he said.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

17 If we study with people, we show them a lot. Some are basic biblical teachings such as the condition of the dead, the reception, and the Kingdom of God. Do-

17. What is the most important thing we need to help our learners identify?

also tell them how the organization is organized in the society. These include, what goes on in our lessons, the role of the heads of the flock and how the Board of Directors leads the flock. Apart from learning these things, the most important thing is to get to know God better.

18 We have had great opportunity to help others to get to know Jehovah better. Even today, those who have seen and worship him, and the joy they have, cannot be attached to him. (Dw. 15:12-15) In the future, those who 'have knowledge of Jehovah' will also live forever. (1 Yoh. 5:20) But that is not the only one; the Bible also tells us that anyone who attempts to see and love God, "he/she knows him too." (1 Cor. 8:3) Indeed, the Almighty God really knows us, and respects us as his friends. This is a great blessing to know the truth about God!

18. What blessing does one get to know better about God?

ROMPTOMS Handbook Page 17: How the Marianne Bible student rejected a job offer that would give him a demonstration of the money.

How Would You Answer?

Why should a student of the Bible know better about Jehovah?

How can you help your student to see how Jehovah is?

How can we help our Bible students to apply what they are learning?

DWOM 84 We'll Share the Career

ASETENAM

I am Keeping Instruction to Jehovah

KEN KIUCHI

I was the first to set foot on a book publication site in Brooklyn's New York, U.S.A. I'll never forget what I saw there. Asamoah hasn't seen it since. The documents that were being processed had caused dust to stand in the room, and oil had burnt all the room.

I found out a lot about it, but what really moved my heart was the brothers who worked there. The work that the young people in the community do was seen as a shame work. Also, the work they did was not often seen and war was far from there. But they were satisfied with their work. When it comes to serving God with humility, these brothers remind me of the significance of it.

For many years, I have been trained by God so that I can serve him more fully. I was in the Buddhist religion, but let me tell you first what happened that I found out the truth.

I fried God in my childhood

I was born in Chicago, Illinois, in the US. My parents had four children, and I am the oldest child. My parents emigrated from Japan to Chicago; and their minds were that America would be very successful. They wanted their children to have a good school and to be successful in the future.

My parents were Buddhist stepbrothers. The house where my mother was raised was established by Buddhist churches. Her father and two cousins were priests in Buddhism. As a child, we didn't play with Buddhism at all. Every day when I come back from school, the first thing I did was to feed our family with the perfume and water. Then, on Sunday, we would go to the Buddhist temple to read and write to a god like ours, but it was smaller than ours, and all money was sent for medicine.

When I was nearly seven years old, I remember one day watching the silence of our house, and I asked myself, ‘What happens to me if I die?’ Buddhism has taught me that, if I die, I will go and continue my life in a spiritual place. It immediately occurred to me that, one day my life was about to end. I may be a creature of a spirit, but I can no longer be happy with the way people do it. What a disappointment! I'm nervous at first glance.

26 ADOPTIONS-ABAN

When I was about 15 years old, I saw him as carefree. I realized that something was wrong with my life. (Mat. 5:3) To me, I felt that there was a very powerful living God, and I wanted to see him. I thought the Bible could help me find my answers to my questions, so I went to buy a Bible; it was the King James Version. And you know, I didn't get any place to buy it as a Buddhist festival.

At the age of 17, I was once walking outside with my dog, and a brother brought me by Wilson Bashou. He asked me, “Did you know what God will do for people in the future?” That question asked us a lot more of a question. Wilson read to me the revelation 17:1, and asked me, “How stand you stand by the 'lots of water' on which the prostitute lives?” I didn't know anything about it. So he showed me the prophecy 12:15, which says the water represents people. I found out that, if you read a book with the same name in the Bible. This moved me to tears. After talking to me, Wilson gave me a copy of the book of Sustainable Truth. That cottage changed my life.

Ten days later, I went to the first lesson at the Kingdom Hall. As the siblings welcomed me, I'd never forget. Since that day, I have never been studying. After that, Wilson began studying with me. I enjoyed studying the Bible alone, sometimes for eight hours. My parents were worried that I was studying the Bible, so they hated me very much. But every time I learned, I found out the truth. I cried in 1983.

MIGYAE University became a permanent Wampionist

When I was drowing, I went to a popular university and was studying as a doctor. My parents had donated a lot of money towards the hospital. I could have continued my studies at university, but I wanted to dedicate myself to serve God full-time and do all I could in his service.

My father told me: “If you don’t know that you drop out of university, then you’re not going to leave this house!” I'm devastated and confused. I loved my parents and did not want to hurt them. I used to go to school at night to look for a place to sit and write to her, “Please, help me make the right decision.” When it was stretched, I decided to leave university, so my father asked me to leave home. I called Wilson to tell him all that had happened and he asked me to stay with him. I changed all my belongings into one suitcase and took a bus to my uncle's house. I felt so relieved once in a while. I realized I had made a right decision.

I was like a bird out of sight. Now, I could spend a lot of time serving God. I thus began the pioneering career of 1984.

During my time as a regular pioneer, he helped me to develop many good qualities; some of them being poor. One day, I was discouraged because I wouldn't get anyone to talk to during the day, so I didn't want to. But I kept my eyes closed. About two hours later, I went into a house; it was fine.

I'm Wilson Bashou who let me know the truth.

JULY 2026

27

Some are going to look over Brooklyn's Bethel and I'm going to show them what's going on in the area where we're taking books.

I am with Michiko Oda and her husband

I decided to leave as soon as I could. This thing gets tired of me, and I am lonely. Also, if it rains, it will snow. So I didn't see whether I was on the sofa or not. As soon as I got there, I wouldn't go and see a man from the Philippines standing by. What I mean is, 'This is the one who doesn't listen.' That's really not the case! I began to study with him, and the strange thing was that, he became my brother, Jehovah's Witness.

MISA

After two years at Wilson, I was invited to work at Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As I said at the beginning of my story, they made me go to work at a bookstore. One day, I was working with a book titled after books, and I made mistakes so that many books could be broken. The brothers with whom I worked asked me to tell the brother who has been in charge of the department. When I went, I explained everything, but one thing I didn't do. The head of the department said to me in honor, “When you do something wrong, say you’ll apologize.” I learned that if I was wrong, I would have to accept and apologize.

I learned from experience something from the members of the Bethel family who were serving God with integrity. One day at lunch, I was sitting by the same table with Uncle Milton Henschel who was on the Board of Directors. That day, the room was very full, and the brothers who were sharing the food were, as they were, taking turns. As for our young brothers who were sitting around the table, we were arguing that the brothers sharing the food wasn't here. Uncle Henschel didn't say a word; what we only saw was that he got up and followed the brothers who were sharing the food, and he was also sharing water, bread and butter. Just as Uncle Henschel humbled himself and served his siblings, he has remained in my mind till now; it reminds me of how Jesus also served his ministers.—John. 13:3-5.

28 OWN-ABAN

“You Must Learn Japanese!”

In 1987, I went to Japan, and I was deeply impressed by the zeal and humility that our siblings were serving there. I wanted to help them, but my problem was that I didn't understand Japanese. A sister at Bethel named Michiko Oda looked at me frankly and said, “You must learn Japanese!” And that's exactly what I did. I didn't know the sister's advice would change her life.

A few months later, I entered the Japanese language language language learning in New York. Learning Japanese gave me a lot of opportunities to worship God. In 1989, I attended a conference in Los Angeles, California. That was my first meeting in Japanese. The drama at the convention featured a pioneering sister named Miwako Onami, and I became acquainted with her.

Miwako and I were married in 1992 and had the opportunity to serve together in Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako is very thoughtful and always wants to help others. His good behaviour has helped me to realize how important it is to live well with people. Asamoah is the one who gave me a present, makes me happy all the time, and makes me happy.

we went to JAPAN BETEL, and later we went to the Special Pioneer

Some years later, Mikako's parents, who lived in Japan for a long time. So the brothers in Brooklyn Bethel said we could go to Seattle to work, so that we could get closer to Mivako's parents and care for them. So we moved in 1999.

When we visited Japan, our first brother was soon to be remembered. The brothers in Japan were kind and open-minded. That moved me to learn more about them. When it comes to their performance, they don't play with it. They also work together to do it. The reason for this is that the Japanese culture holds that working together is more worthwhile than working alone to earn a living. Their good example convinced me that, I should humble myself and work with others. It also helps me to see that every little I can do is a part of the purpose of our project.

The day when we met a bride

But because I was raised in a different place, how they acted was sometimes disagreeing with me. So I had to learn how to be patient. So at some point, I had a good idea. I realized that whatever decision we made, it could be a blessing from God; only to heed the direction given by the congregation. In this case, whatever we do, it will not be possible without the help of our God.

Asamoah trained me, I compare daily to the training given by the Prophet Moses. For 40 years Moses served as an shepherd, and all the time he was helped by Jehovah to develop humility. My story is like Moses; the few universities I attended convinced me that I was proud of myself. But Be-tel told me that I must humble myself and put my trust in him. Asamoah was very patient with Moses and raised me up late.

JULY 2026 29

For some 24 years, Mike's parents became pauperized until his death. We had a lot of trouble when we had to go to the hospital for a long time, and sometimes just a little more compassion. My brother-in-law was cured of the disease of Masako, and even became hard to stand up for. It wasn't easy for Masako to attend classes and field service. Just a few weeks before his death, he lived in a wheelchair. But despite this problem, his love for God never materialized. Every time he tells the truth, you know that he is happy. Masako is a person who was very grateful to her. After all, despite his difficulties, he continued to serve God with joy. This is something I want to learn.

In 2024, there was a big change in our lives. We had served in Bethel for over 30 years, and the meeting called for us to specialty. So now, we are serving on the island of Okinawa, and we are given the opportunity to witness to families living next door to the military station. Our training at Bethel supported us very much, so when we were asked to specialty, we were not tired. We try to do a good plan and use our time properly, so that we can get used to the field. By means of his grace, we have made it possible for us to have a family of Bible students we have treated as a family. Now, we have come to know that the most important thing is to love people. Every day Miswako and I thank Jehovah for handing over such a thing to us.

MASI ME BEGAN IN THE CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING

Although, my relatives don't oppose me anymore, neither will they join me in the truth. Jesus said that anyone who leaves his family to become his disciple, even now, will have 100 times as many family. (Mar. 10:29, 30) I personally have found this story very true. The brothers I've got in different countries who have made me their family, and they love me and care for me, I can't even count.

The truth book Wilson gave me is still in existence. That book, interesting to me, reminded me of how much he helped me to get to know him. (1 Be. 00:009) I have been determined to keep training myself by Jehovah, and I have helped others to know the truth and live forever.

I am working in Japan at Bethel

Miwako and I are doing the work in Okinawa.

30 OWN-ABAN

Hurry Up and Stay Between You and Your Brother!

Has a witness of your brother ever done anything to harass you, causing damage to your relationship now? If so, keep in mind that there is peace between you and your siblings. *

For example, if a person's bone is broken, they need to consult a doctor to make it plain that the person's bone will continue. If the person stay and does not see a doctor, the pain will not stop, preventing the bone from stopping development.

As soon as a bone can be broken, a doctor can find it and say good-bye for it, we should prepare it as soon as possible if we have a problem with a brother. If we don’t do that, the pain we are eating will not go away, and if we don’t do that, we’ll end up at the wrong place. Jesus warned us that if we had trouble speaking to someone, 'we should not resolve the issue quickly.' (Mat. 5:25) So if you have a problem with a sibling, go to him and talk to him about it badly. But this is not easy. For instance, let’s look at two reasons why we’re saying that.

First, you may not want to lose your patience for what has happened and you may not want to settle the issue. So it is up to you to ignore.## Let's take a look at Eudia and Sintice; I probably didn't understand any of them.

* If a minor issue arises between us and a brother, we need to talk to him about it alone, and take our condolences outright. (Mat. 5:23, 24) But if he does some of our biggest sins, we may need to seek help from the older men of the flock. (Mat. 18: 17) Before we do so, we must first act on the statement of 18:15, 16 of Matthew. If that is not the case, then we can seek help from the elders.

#If something is done for someone by your Christian brother, and it’s never a big issue, you can ignore it KDE20

unresolved between them. The issue between them was likely to exist for a long time, as even the apostle Paul, who was in Rome, heard of it. He urged them to work together and work together. (Filip. 4:2) In order to make friends again, each one of them had to be humble, all sincere and fellow speaking, and each one forgave his fellow evil.

Second, you may feel that your brother is guilty, so he should apologize. But his words are not those that are sweet and needed, but those that are needed are yours. The most important thing in a dog’s care is that the bone will continue, not the one that caused the bone to break and focus on it. So if you are going to talk to your sibling, you are not going to tell him what is right or what is wrong. Instead, remember how valuable your relationship with your sibling is, and do all you need to do to keep your relationship calm.

If there is something that has happened to you, why not resolve the matter with your brother immediately? “Let the anger rest until daybreak,” the Bible says. (Year. 4:26) If you do all you can to reconcile with your brother, you will help to keep the 'peace that has come with us' forever.—Efe. 4:1-3.

JULY 2026 31

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

July 2026 Vol. 147, No. 7 TWI

TERMS IN THE TERMS OF THE TERMS

The course we shall learn September 7-13 2 Learn something from the people of Gibeon

The Study Statement to Study September 14-20 8 The Book of Isaiah Can Affect You

The Study Statement to be studied September 21-27 14 Keep in good knowledge of Jehovah

Learning on September 28–October 4 20 helps Others to See Jehovah

THE happenings 26 Keep Instruction to Jehovah

Hurry Up and Stay Between You and Your Brother! 31

Academic SYMPTOMS

How to Make Us a Motivation Answer

When we go to class, each of us has a right to give an answer to encourage his or her siblings. (Heb. 10:24, 25) How can we create an encouraging response?

• Pray to Jehovah. Ask him to help you and give you an honorable answer, and encourage others. 35.18.

• Make it your goal not to read the answers directly from the book. Your own words will encourage others to know that you have faith in God.

• Keep your response brief. When you go for class and give a clear answer, it really helps others. It also provides free speech to many people. 10:19.

• Be responsive to others. When you are giving a reply, do not insult or insult the brothers.

You can encourage others even if you don't invite them. How will you do it? When someone is answering, listen carefully and later recommend it. 10:21.

This book isn't for sale. We use it for biblical teaching work all over the world. People voluntarily donate to the project. For a refund, please visit donate.jw.org.

All the biblical text in this book comes from the Sacred Text—The New World's Translation, unless otherwise indicated.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Redirect the jw.org website in Twi, or scan this logo of your product

JW.ORG ®

w26.07-TW