AUGUST 2026

SAFETY IS PROTECTED BY THE KINGDOM OF YEHOWA

Articles FOR: OCTOBER 5–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11,

Do Not Believe Satan's Lies — Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

ADJUST 55 Don't Be afraid!

IN THIS article, we will identify Satan's actions with the intent to mislead us if we do not trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

“Stand up against the Devil, and hold hands with you.”—YAK. 4:7.

TSO when we vow to serve Jehovah only, Satan and his demons despise our card. They want us to stop serving Jehovah. Satan well knows, however, that as long as Jehovah is helping us, his efforts will not succeed. Therefore, he does all he can to disavow from Jehovah so that he will not help us, if he can help us. One way he does this is by saying, he tries to make us think that Jehovah and his Son Jesus are not interested in us.—2 Cor. 11:14; Yak. 1:6.

2 If warriors are in the forest, they must trust their leaders. Otherwise, they will be acting on their own and this can lead to them being defeated in the cave. They can even lose their lives. We too are going to be with 'immortal forces.' (Ef. 6:12) Our Leaders are Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. Satan the Devil knows that if we do not trust them fully, we will reject them. Therefore, it takes various forms to deceive us into not relying on them. In this article, we will see how he used this technique in the past and how it is still in use today. Next, we will see what actions we will take to prevent his bad skills from harming us. In the following article, we will find two more ways that Satan will mislead us into the spirit we are going to accomplish.

* Not all of our suffering is directly caused by Satan. But he is behind the “spirit of the world,” which is pulling people out to harass God's people. So if we are facing hardships or are being pursued, we need to know that Satan is going to deal with us.—1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John. 5:19.

1. In what way can Satan cause us to stop serving Jehovah?

2. Why is it important to trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

2

SATANA KAKAKA KALPA

3 From the extend of Eden, Satan decided to turn Adam and Eve away from listening to Jehovah. Satan fooled Eve into believing that the Creator did not want their well-being. Satan asked Eve: “Did God say you will not eat the fruit of all the leaves?" (1 Genesis 3:1-5) Satan wants Eve to assume that Jehovah is pressuring them with some important things. This matter is not represented. Unfortunately, however, Eve believed Satan's lie and Adam joined in as well. They rejected the sacrifice of the Lord, while he granted them life and all things.—Genesis 3:6.

4 After Adam and Eve refused to listen to God, Satan continued to spread false rumors about Him. For example, through Job's three friends, Satan made statements that would make Job think that Jehovah did not love him and that his loyalty was unimportant to him. (Hiob 22:1-3) Satan gave Job plenty of ordeals. He thought Job would blame Jehovah for the suffering and reject it from him. Despite Satan's strong push against Job, Job continued to be loyal to Jehovah.—Hiob 27:1, 5.

5 centuries after Job's days when Jesus came to earth, Satan tried to get people to persecute Jesus. One way he did this was by spreading false rumors about him to religious leaders and others who hated Jesus. And finally, he was killed as a robber.—Read Matthew

11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John. 8:41-45.

6 Following Jesus' death, Satan attempted to discourage Jesus' followers from preaching about Jesus. At first, the Devil attempted to convince people that Jesus had not been resurrected by God. Thus, he had people spread the hoax that his body had been stolen by Jesus' disciples. (Mat. 18:11-15) Next, Satan led to the extensive persecution of Jesus' disciples. He thought this would cause them to fear so much that they would stop doing the work Jesus had given them.—Work. 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3; 28.22.

7 Despite this concern from some Christians, most were disillusioned and continued to preach. They noticed that they were being protested by Satan and his demons. (Work. 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) And what about today? In what ways does Satan use his power to discourage us from worshipping Jehovah?

SATANA IS RELEASED IN ALPAN KAKAM FROM YEYAWA AND Jesus

8 Today, one of Satan's most common tricks is to mislead people into the truth about Jehovah and Jesus. As a “scammer”, he spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus through false religions. (Yoh. 8:44) For example, it makes it difficult for people to know the exact identity of Jehovah and his Son. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some ministers teach people that the Father is also the Son. Because of this, people worship the Son instead of the Father because they do not even know the Father's name at all. However, both Jehovah and Jesus do not.

3. What action by Satan led Eve to lose her confidence in God?

4. What lies has Satan sought to fool Job into thinking?

5. What did Satan do to prevent people from following Jesus? (Mateo 11:19)

6-7. What steps has Satan taken to get Jesus Christ's followers to stop preaching?

8. How does Satan through religions spread false rumors about Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST 2026 3

Satan's world wants us to think that God's instructions are useless (See paragraph 11)

disapprove of this type of service. (Mat. 4:10; John. 4:23) If people are distracted by such lies, it is hard to get us to recognize the truth, and some even oppose our service.

9 To befriend someone, it is important to know his name. That is what it is if we want to be God's friend. The Bible says that if we know God's name and trust in him, he will protect us. (Lod. 18:10) However, Satan did not want people to know about Jehovah would become my friend. Therefore, he had traditionally resorted to false religion thus people had forgotten the name of God or prevented others from even knowing the name. ( Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) For example, this enemy led to the removal of the divine name from many versions of the Bible. Our suffering is also spread by the Devil as a result of the pseudonyms of Jehovah. Because of this, it is hard for many to believe that Jehovah wants them to be his friend. (Yak. 4:8) Satan also tries to get Jehovah's servants to stop worshipping Him.

10 When we are facing challenging situations,

9. What does Satan do to keep people from knowing the true God? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

10. What can cause a Christian to become angry with Jehovah?

4 GATEPA

Satan wants us to believe that Jehovah is in our best interests. He wants us to worry - about Him if circumstances do not work out quickly. (Lod. 19:3) And if it happens like this, we-we were thinking: 'Without the help of the Lord, why would I continue to obey his laws and instructions? There is no benefit coming out of it!' This reasoning can lead to the rejection of Jehovah, and that is just what Satan wants.

11 Satan uses online collective communication systems to make us think that following Jehovah's instructions will not benefit us. For example, people on the Internet say that what the Bible says about good conduct is a long list of issues that no longer touch us today, and anyone can do what he sees fit. He confessed that “the ruler of the world” through his cunning tricks caused many to no longer know the difference between good and bad.—Yoh. 14:30; Yes. 5:20; 1 Tim. 4: 1, 2.

12 If we listen to the mindset of people in Satan's world about good and bad, it can lead to the idea that the things that Jehovah teaches us are not in his hands. Shannon*, a young sister, said: “It took me some time to realize that what they were teaching us at school about life, and the behavior of people I was not with, was slowly changing my mind. I spent a lot of time on online forums watching things people have predicted and it also analyzes me to do things like that. Gradually, I became more cheerful

* We have changed the name.

11. In what way does Satan seek to make people reject the guidance of Jehovah? (See also photo.)

12. Why should we not resort to Satanic propaganda?

Serving Jehovah is not a happy thing to do with my family - also staying with my siblings." However, Shannon later made changes and became involved in Satanic tactics, which restored her relationship with Jehovah. What helped?

13 Shannon became aware that he needed to-try to make changes so that he and Jehovah and Jesus became better. She said: “I pray to God that he will help me not to fall into good friends - and I have also explored in our books. Also a video on jw.org has been so useful (Young People Ask —How Can I Make Real Friends? or Les jeunes s’interrogent. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Comment heard féi de brois amis). * The content a young sister reviewed in the video is similar to mine. She asked for help from her parents, so I studied her model and asked my parents for help. My parents, the elders, and the elderly sisters in the congregation helped me to stop such bad association. I have come to understand that it is not only important to attend the meetings or listen to parents. But it must also make a close relationship with Jehovah and trust in his Word."

DO NOT RELEASE FOR THE CONSTITUTION OF YOU AND Jesus

14 For us to have a good relationship with Jehovah, we must befriend someone

* To find out more that can help the youth to stay close to Jehovah, visit jw.org section of the Teens and Young People and visit the place of spiritual Growth. On the JW Library® app, go to the Place of Different Articles and browse the section “Young People Ask Me,” then search for the sub-them of Growth-.

13. What have you learned from Shannon's story?

14. How can we prevent Satan from weakening our faith in him? (See also photo.)

AUGUST 2026 5

If we try to do things that will make it possible for us to have a good relationship with Jehovah, we will resist Satan's tricks

(See paragraph 14)

favorites. (Yak. 4:4) We also need to be careful not to believe anything the world says on the Internet or in the media. For example, it is possible for us to adopt information that is not necessarily up-to-date or falsified. But if we focus on studying the Bible and our publications and associate regularly with our mature Christian brothers-in-the- faith, nothing will easily lead us apart. If we clearly understand the truth we have learned from the Bible, we will recognize Satan's arrogantness and will not allow him to mislead us into our faith.—Lold. 13:20; Work. 17:11.

15 Studying the Bible and becoming familiar with Jehovah and Jesus will reassure us that they truly exist with us. (Lod. 22:19) Reflecting on how Jehovah and Jesus have preserved for faithful people whose stories are found in the Bible will increase our confidence in them. There is abundant evidence in the Bible that proves that Jehovah and Jesus love us dearly. For example, Jehovah says that he loves his servants more than his mother loves her son. (Yes. 49:15) He also said that the people who loved him were his "principal property." (Mal. 3:16, 17,

15. What will help us to be more confident that Jehovah and Jesus are with us?

6 GETEP

footnote) The Bible tells us how much Jesus loved us. Jesus himself said that he loved us so much that he sacrificed his life for us.—John. 15:12, 13.

16 Remembering how Jehovah and Jesus have helped us in the past will strengthen our confidence in their love for us. Maybe Jehovah answered or empowered you when you were in a difficult circumstance. Reflecting on such things will strengthen your faith that Jehovah will continue to care for you. You can ask your brothers to share what Jehovah has encouraged them to do as well. (Lod. 22:17) This will reassure you that whatever happens, Jehovah and Jesus will never abandon you.— Read Ps 118:5, 6.

17 We all want to be friends with Jehovah and Jesus. But Sata-

for his evil spirits will come upon us if we do not trust in Jehovah and Jesus. Therefore, we must continue to fight them as long as they do. (Audience. 20:1-3, 10) In order to withstand Satan's tricks, keep your relationship with Jehovah intimate and be assured that he and his Son love and cherish him. Then, as Jesus said, 'no one can take you seriously from the Father. ‘—Read John 10:29; Jas. 4:7.

18 In the next article, we will discuss two other tricks that Satan is taking advantage of us. They are the kind of person he tries to divide the congregation and the type of people he leads us. How can we cope with these tricks? We will see.

16. Why is it good to remember how Jehovah has helped you and others? (Psalmo 118:5, 6)

17. According to John 10:29, what assurance did Jesus give to those who loved him and his Father?

18. What will be discussed in the next article?

WHAT CAN YOU DO?

₹ How did Satan spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

₹ How is Satan spreading lies about Jehovah and Jesus today?

₹ What convinces you that Jehovah and Jesus are with you?

150 HADZIDS Search for God to Discover Salvation

OCTOBER 12-18,

Article 129 We shall continue to raise

This article of the Year will help us to realize that we must remember that we are fighting Satan and the demons, not our Christian brothers.

You Can Conquer Satan and Demons!

“We are not going to exercise, not with blood as well as with the body, but with us and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . The evil ghosts in the heart regions are being trained."—EF. 6:12.

As Jehovah's servants, we do not fight peoples. (Yes. 2:4; John. 18:36) However, the Bible states that all of us must fight against Satan and the demons. ( Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) How can we win those powerful enemies? The important thing is to rely on Jehovah to help us. In addition, we must recognize methods used by Sa-tana and his demons to harm us and our Christian brothers.

2 In the previous article, we have seen how the Devil tries to convince us not to trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will discuss two other methods that Satan uses to lure us away from worshipping Jehovah. First, he tries to disrupt the unity between us and our siblings. And second, it allows people to persecute us so that we will be feared if we stop doing the work that Jehovah has given us.

SATANA is a symbol of the spirit that unites us.

3 Satan tries to divide us and our sibling

1. What enemies do we need to fight against? (Effects 6:11, 12) 2. What will we consider in this article? 3. How does Satan attempt to divide us?

8

Saul became jealous of David and lost faith in God, but Jonathan believed in God and helped David (See paragraphs 4, 6)

Christian. He knows that if there is no union between us, he can easily help us. In Satan's world, most people do not love one another nor trust one another. Satan wants us to learn their attitude so that we become either hostile or even hostile to our brothers, and we are going to seek error in the organization of Jehovah.—Rom. 16:17.

4 Think of King Saul. At first, he fell in love with David, and David's mastery of war proved so effective. (1 Sam. 18:5) Over time, however, Saul became jealous of David after discovering that many had preferred his word over him. This led to David's hatred and a desire to kill him. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) Satan will be very pleased when David is killed. For what? The point is that, the Lord has anointed David with oil to become king of Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) Satan would not want this to happen. Therefore, he must have been very happy when it proved true that Saul was determined to kill David, who was chosen by the Lord.

5 Satan knows that our unity enables Jehovah to help and reward us. (Ps. 133:1) Satan aims to disrupt our unity. Therefore, he wants us to kill our brothers and keep them away from us, just as Saul had wronged David. Because he knows that if we are hurt, it will be hard to show love to them. (Marko 12:30, 31) But will our service please the Lord if we use our brothers? The disciple James strongly cautions us about the danger that can result from genuine communication.— Read James 3:14-16.

6 If we love our Christian brotherhood, we will not hurt them, but we will focus on them

4. Why did King Saul hate David? (See also picture.)

5. Why does the Devil want us to kill our Christian brothers? (Jakob 3:14-16)

6. What have you learned from Jonathan's example? (See also picture.)

AUGUST 2026

9

Main. Think of Saul's son Jonathan. David is not sure how much like his father, Saul, David is. He befriends David, and he guarantees him that the promise made to him by God will come true. He told David: “You shall become king over Israel.” Jonathan humbly acknowledged that David was chosen by the Lord to rule, and helped him.—1 Samuel. 23:16, 17.

7 Satan also uses an alternative approach to disrupting our unity. Since we come from different countries, our culture is different, and our attitudes and minds also differ, Satan uses them to divide us. What will you do to prevent this from happening? Addressing problems and conflicts quickly. ( Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Show your Christian brotherhood more love, and have a positive mind on them. Although we are all different, we are all as important as all our members. (1 Cor. 12:12) We and our Christian brotherhood are fighting the same enemies, Satan and the demons.—1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 If a sibling says or does something close to you, remember that as long as you are not perfect, so is he. Two hearts are not spread behind each other, so as to the extent that we are working with each other, conflicts will certainly arise. (Title. 7:20) If this happens, we must endure with one another as the Lord advised us. And if someone hurt you, be willing to forgive. (Kol. 3:12-14)

So let us love our Christian brothers and keep unity with them, because that is what Jehovah and Jesus want.—John. 17:20, 21.

SATANA employs SATANA to maintain a healthy environment in our lives.

9 Another act of Satan to discourage us is persecution. The apostle Paul advises us to follow all true Christians. (2 Tim. 3:12) In essence, following is unjust dealing with one. When people oppose us and persecute us, it is easy to become overly concerned about how we will stand to be judged fairly for us so that our minds will no longer be distracted from the main work that Jehovah has given us, the Kingdom preaching.—Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Consider Abraham's son Isaac. Isaac was so overwhelmed by things; as a result, he was humiliated among the natives of the Palestinians and came to the attention of Abraham's servants. (1 Exodus 26:12-18) Isaac and his family as well as livestock were in desperate need of water. So he chose to leave the distance and take other boreholes. However, the Palestinians came to claim ownership of those as well. This injustice may have led to the breakup of Isaac. However, Isaac sought peace. He did not allow conflict between his shepherds and the Palestinians. Therefore, he fled to another place, and he was taken by Jehovah. (1 Exodus 26:19-25) If we were to be wronged, could we also be able to weigh and draw fire like Isaac?

7. What can we do to prevent the Devil from destroying our unity? (Effects 4:25-27)

8. If a sibling says or does something close to you, how should you react?

9. What additional enticement does Satan use to discourage us?

10. When Isaac was wronged, how did he react?

10 GETEP

STOP

#WE WANT CANTE

THE PEOPLE SERVE

WE WANT CANTE

Will he remain faithful to Jehovah and his Kingdom? (See paragraph 13)

11 When Jesus, the Messiah, came to earth, many people did not respond well to him. For example, some of his relatives thought that his mind was being corrupted. (Marko 3:21) Religious leaders have often accused him of failing to preach. (Luke 11:15, 16) betrayed by a close friend. (Mat. 26:14-16) The heads of the clergy have joined the authorities who have sentenced him to death. (Marko 15:1, 13-15) Despite this opposition from Jesus, he continued to actively serve Jehovah. He never made an instrument. When Jesus was arrested, the apostle Peter tried to kill him. This led to her being beaten to death by a high priest's slave. However, Jesus did not approve of this act of Peter, and he miraculously restored the man's ear to him. (Luke 22:50, 51) In all this, Jesus did not retaliate evil, but focused on the task that Jehovah had given him.

12 Like Jesus, we face challenging situations that can discourage us. Satan tries to stop us from preaching the good news. Family members or even family members may turn their backs on us or even persecute us. However, Jesus taught us to love even those who persecute us. ( Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) Therefore, we should not hate or quarrel with people who have persecuted us. Instead, we would be following Jesus's direction to be kind to all people, encouraging them to respect them even if they have persecuted us.—1 Cor. 13:4.

13 We must respect the authorities even if they impose laws prohibiting our service or making life difficult for us in some other way. For what? Because this is what Jehovah wants from us. (Rom. 13:

11. When people failed to respond to Jesus, how did he respond?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we treat those who persecute us?

13. Why should we also respect governments when faced with opposition? (See also photo.)

AUGUST 2026 11

By loving and united our brothers, we are able to conquer Satan and the demons (See paragraph 16)

1, 2) Not all government decisions that do not concern us must be directly caused by Satan. However, Satan's desire is to provoke or resist government action to self-defense. This is what people in the world do if they disagree with government decisions. But it would never be appropriate for a Christian to do so! (Lod. 8:21, 22, footnote; Word. 8:2, 3) When we become involved in politics, we are doing what Satan wants us to do, and we are not completely dependent on the role of God's Kingdom. —Yoh. 15:19.

14 Some of the people who had previously opposed us became active ministers of the Lord. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So 'if people despise you, persecute you, and hide any bad news against you' remember that they can change. (Mat. 5:11) Promulgate that the ministers allow us to continue to serve the Lord with joy. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Hello to your family, coworkers and classmates who are also hostile to you. Ask Jehovah to help you know how to react to them when they have a change of mind. And keep coming back! A woman who had been following Dásefo for years before coming into the truth said: “There are so many good things that can come out for us when we are patient, and we continue to be very patient.”

15 It is impossible to achieve all the injustices that we experience in the world today and those that are happening to us. (Title. 1:15) However, Jehovah can.

14. What should be kept in mind regarding the people who represent us?

15. Why is it not possible to rectify injustices in this world?

12 GETEP

He knows all the things we're going through. (Ps. 7: 18) Soon, through his Kingdom, he will completely rectify all the harm Satan and the people on his side have inflicted. (1 John. 3:8; Revelation. 21:5) But by that time, we must continue to be patient and to show love to all. We need to use our time and energy to help many people become Jehovah’s friends.

WE CAN FACE SATANA AND MISCELLANEOUS!

The Bible assures us that we can govern Satan and the demons. (Yak. 4:7; 1 John. 5:4, 5) However, in order to do this, we need to fully believe in the Lord God and Jesus Christ. (Ef. 6:16) Therefore, continue to develop your faith. And by that faith you will continue to love and be close to your Christian brothers.

16. What will help us to win the fight against Satan and the demons? (See also the photos.)

17 What method the Devil will use to divide us and our brothers or something in our mouths, we should never allow him. Jehovah and Jesus have emphasized that they will help us to overcome Satan when it comes to them. All of us, our Christian brothers and sisters, are fighting our best adversary Satan. If some people resist us, we should follow Jesus ’ advice carefully. (Luke 6:27, 28) Therefore, keep fighting Satan and the demons and be sure you can win them.

17. What should you be determined to do?

WHAT CAN YOU DO?

What does Satan do to divide us and our Christian brotherhood?

₹ How does Satan try to stop us from Kingdom preaching?

₹ What leads to the guarantee that you will be able to control Satan and the demons?

HADZIDS 149

Board of Governors

OCTOBER 19-25,

HADZIDZI 106 Let's Build Love

IN THIS article, we will find lessons we can learn from the apostles Paul, Philmon and Onesimo that will help us to promote peace within the congregation.

Let Love Inspire You In All Things

“Because of love, I want to apologize to you.”—FILEM. 9.

As Jehovah’s servants, we cherish the peace between us. He gave us insight into how the Paradise will be brought about. (Yes. 12:17, 18) This peace is from Jehovah, but it is up to each of us to keep this peace between us. (Rom. 12:18) How can we promote peace in the congregation? How can we do this if we hurt a sibling? And how can we be peaceable when someone starts to attack us? A Biblical account will help us find answers to these questions. Concerning the apostle Paul, Filipmon, and Onesimo.

“DO NOT RELEASE THE FACE FOR YOU”

2 Read Filemon 8, 9, 17. In his letter to Philmon, Paul encouraged him to be willing to recover his slave, Onesimo. Paul knows that the love Philmon has for Christ and his Christian brothers will use to do so. You may recall this story. Filemon was housed in the Colossians church. All the brothers know that he loves people and has strong faith. His non-Christian slave Onesimo is next to Rome, likely stealing some of his belongings from him. (Filem. 18.) While in Rome, Onessimo became a Christian and became close with Paul. (Kol. 4:9) According to Roman law, a slave who is with his master must return to him, so Paul has Onesimo back to Philmon.—Filem. 12, 13.

3 How will Filemon respond to Onesimo? Under the law, it can inflict severe punishment on Onessimo. Would he do that? How will members of the congregation react? Will this matter cause division between the lords and the serfs? Paul considered these matters and found out that this incident could

1. What should each of us do?

2. Briefly recount the history of Filemon and Onesimo. (Filemon 8, 9, 17)

3. Of what may Paul have been concerned as he was appointing Onesimo to his master? (See also the picture on the cover.)

14

disrupting the peace in the congregation. So he wrote a note to Tikiko to take to Filemon. (Ef. 6:21, 22; Kol. 4:7-9.) At the same time, Paul sent a letter to the Colossians. In this article, we will consider what we can learn from Paul, Philmon, and Onesimo in the context of Paul's statements in those two letters.

WHAT WE CAN learn FROM PAULO

4 What can we learn from Paul? Paul's treatment of the brothers ensured peace in the congregation. His example tells us how we will deal with people to be peaceful.

5 Paul treats Philmon friendly-to-peer. (Filem. 17) Paul did not think he could answer Philmon as if he were his homeowner. (2 Cor. 1:24) Instead, Paul regarded Philmon as his collaborator and remembered the friendship between them. A good example is what Paul set for Philmon about how he would deal with Onesi-mo, which became his Christian brother! This is a good example for all of us, especially the elders. The elders who deal friendlyly with the brothers play an important role in ensuring peace among the brothers. These beloved shepherds do not ‘go subjugate’ on the flock of God. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) Instead, they are valued, differentiated and listened to and helped in need. Elders who imitate Paul and treat the brothers with kindness set a good example for them, and this ensures peace in the congregation.

6 Paul praised Philmon. (Filem. 4, 5, 7) We Are

all we need recommendation. For what? Because many of our siblings feel like they do not have handshake. It may make them uncomfortable or beautiful, and people do not like them. Some siblings also think that they will have a cult opportunity where they value it. Meaning for a person to feel this way. These feelings, however, can cause you to become hot or angry quickly. Also you may be thinking that people are looking for mistakes about him and trying to portray him as better than others. These situations can destroy the peace between us and our siblings. But if we do each other a favor, this will reduce those feelings. (Lod. 12:25) Make us certain that we are loved and valued. Would you like to raise money for people like this? Instead, take advantage of every opportunity to recommend people from the heart. Praise them, not only for a good thing they have done, but also for their efforts. The only thing is that, if you notice a good thing about someone, tell him.

7 Paul spoke positively of Onessimo. (Read Filemon 10-12.) Did Paul's positive comments on Onesimo change the way Philmon felt about Onesimo? Will he affect how he talks to him? And would he be more likely to react to it in love? Paul's statements likely affected Fi-lemon! Similarly, what we say about our brothers can affect how people view or treat them. If we speak positively about our brothers, people will respond favorably to them. But when we talk negatively about them

4-5. What will elders do to help keep the peace in the congregation?

6. Why is it important to keep social distancing?

7. Why should we consider things well before making a statement about our brothers? (Filemon 10-12)

AUGUST 2026 15

Like Paul, think positively about and talk positively about your Christian brotherhood (See paragraph 8)

People will not be able to respond well to them. In order to speak well of people, we need to think positively about them. What will help us? We can learn something from Paul's regular activities.

8 Paul regularly thanked Jehovah for the virtues of Philmon. (Filem. 4, 5) Paul similarly appreciates others. (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Flp. 1:3-5; Kol. 1:3, 4; 1 Tess. 1:2, 3) Despite Paul's knowledge of the brothers' grievances, he tries to discern their good qualities. And he constantly thanked the Lord for them. When it is challenging for you to speak positively about the brothers, remember this important point: If you intend to give good thought to your siblings and pour out your heart to them for Jehovah to bless them, it will be easier for you to speak positively about them.

9 Despite facing challenging circumstances, Paul responded favorably to Philmon. Have you ever felt discouraged or distraught that you failed to treat someone well? When experiencing a difficult situation, it is often easy to temper others. Consider how the situation had affected Paul at the time of his writing to Philmon. Some debts were brought before that, some crowds attacked Paul and he was severely beaten and unjustly detained. He was in jail in Jerusalem and Caesarea for a period of time. Later, when he was taken to Rome, the vessel they were aboard was broken. And now that Paul is writing for Filipmon, he is still a housed prisoner in Rome. (Filem. 1) Did Paul, on the other hand, allow the circumstances under which he had suffered to allow him to express grievances in his letter to Philmon? No. Paul carefully considered things and selected and acted on issues that would respect and impress Philmon. What does it contain for us? When we treat others with kindness even if they are close to us, clear or even undergoing a difficult circumstance, we are helping to keep the peace in the congregation. This peace will then help us to endure.

8. What will help us to think and talk about our brothers and sisters well? (See also the photos.)

9. What is significant about Paul's letter to Philmon, and for what?

WHAT WE CAN learn FROM ONESIMO

10 We all act or say things that are sometimes close to our siblings. Onesi-

10. What did Onesimo do to achieve peace with Philmon, and what was the effect?

16 GATECTYPE

faces set a good example that lets us see how we can make peace when this happens. He did something simple, but I don't know how easy it is. Onesimo admits that he fell off Filemon and agreed to go back to make peace with him. Onesimo knows that Roman law requires him to return to his master. So he travelled over 1,400 kilometres (about ninety days' journey) back to his master. There is no doubt that the journey will cost you much and also exhaustion. He also had to voluntarily become a slave again, and if he was to be punished he would also be willing to accept him. Taking this step will not be easy for him at all. Did he find out that his own had happened to be away from his master? Even if he feels that way, he does not let this stop him from coming back. He goes to make his own king keep peace with him.

11 When you fall upon a person, approach making peace. (Mat. 5:23-25) This should not be easy, but it will be so useful, because it will make it easy for you to be cautious. First, apologize from the heart. Listen attentively to the other person when expressing his or her feelings and understanding to him. Accept your walk-in. Don't self-harm or blame yourself. This will only make it appear your apology is not sincere and long for the case, or damage the case at all. Burial requires self-esteem, so be submissive, as plea is the best way for us to make peace.—Rom. 14:19.

WHAT WE CAN DO FROM FILMON

12 The example set by Philmon will help us to see how we can make peace when someone starts to attack us. Did Fi-lemon forgive and willingly accept Onesimo? It was not mentioned in this brief account. However, Paul was sure that Philmon would do so. (Filem. 17, 21 Paul knows that Philmon has good qualities that make it easier for him to forgive Onessimo. What are the good qualities?

13 Philmon deeply loved his Christian brother. (Fi-lem. 5) The name Filemon means “love-ins.” He was also truly living up to his name. The brothers know that he loves people so much. This situation may help to make love

11. When we start a conversation, what can we do to make peace? (See also the photos.)

12. Why did Paul guarantee that Philmon would forgive Onesimo?

13. Why is love important for us to be able to do peace-making? (Coloss 3:14)

Like Onessimo, sitting down and trying your best to make peace with your siblings (See paragraph 11)

Like Filemon, we are fond of hosting you through this will promote unity within the community (See paragraph 15)

freely pardon Onessimo. In his letter to the congregation in Colossians, Paul describes love as “a perfect bond of union.” ( Read Colossians 3:14.) In practice, no other circumstance is able to bring peace and harmony in love. The more we love people, the easier it will be to forgive them and treat them well. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Let us find out another character that helped Philmon to love the brothers.

14 Philmon has another critical trait that makes it easier for him to be outgoing; he is a host. She humbly receives a meeting at her house. (Filem. 2) It is clear that Paul also knew that Philmon was fond of hospitality, so he asked her to reserve accommodation for him. (Filem. 22) There is no doubt that Filmon's manner of hosting made the brothers happy when they were with him.—Filem. 7.

15 If we learn Philmon and show hospitality to our siblings, it will be easier for us to love them. For what? The reason is that being hospitable leads to better communication with our Christian brothers. If we associate with siblings who are not our best friends, or whose personalities are different from ours, we will come to recognize that every servant of Jehovah is unique and beautiful to the organization of Jehovah. If we come to know about the family or community of our siblings, how they discovered the truth, and how they endured hardship, we will further acknowledge and respect them. Also, it will allow us to see why Jehovah brought them to the truth. (Yoh. 6:44) So if we treat our brothers with kindness, we will love them more, we will have a good mind on them, and we will freely forgive them when they invade us.

16 Are you now hard to forgive someone who has fallen apart? Regardless of how we do not love our brothers, it can sometimes be difficult for us to forgive them. What will help us? Consider Paul's writings to the congregation in Colossians, which is found at Colossians 3:13. (Read.) Imagine that is Filemon at the meeting in his own house,

14. How do we know that Philmon likes hospitality?

15. In what way can hospitality deepen our love for one another? (See also the photos.)

16. How may Filemon have followed Paul's advice found at Colossians 3:13?

18 BETWEEN

while reading the letter to the whole congregation. Of whom is it likely that he is distracted? What Onesimo did is still appealing to her? If so, this letter made what he had to do fall apart: He must continue to endure with Onesimo and be willing to forgive him. How will Paul’s counsel in his letter benefit us if it is in our best interests to forgive?

17 What does Paul's words “keep building one another up” indicate? It means that we should be patient with our Christian brothers and sisters to treat them well even if they invade us. In the same verse, Paul draws attention to the love and forgiveness of Jehovah as an example for us. Jehovah understands his servants and does not have complete media access. He knows our weaknesses, yet he focuses on our good qualities. (Ps. 103:13, 14; 130:3) That is why it is good for us and it shows us its unflattering love. (Kony. 3:22, 23 If we treat our brothers as Jehovah does, it is easy for us to forgive them. Because we are happy when people forgive us for our mistakes. We will illustrate it as follows: If you remember how a flower you found out to you at home, it will keep you in mind even in times when you don't listen to it. Similarly, recalling the good qualities of our brothers will help us to continue to treat them with kindness even when they have fallen upon us, and forgive them.

18 Jehovah appreciates whatever you do to promote peace in the congregation. Take every opportunity to work daily to promote peace. Let your words become known and keep talking positively about people. Be willing to apologize. If you don't like someone else, keep your relationships with him early. A warm Christian heart is deeply saddened; this will make it easier for you to forgive them. If you do these things, you will promote peace in the congregation. The Bible says that “the earth will be inhabited by mild people, and many will be delighted with the abundance of peace” forever! You will also be among them.—Ps. 3711.

18. What are you determined to do?

WHAT IS IN CONSTITUTION IN THE CONSTITUTION: Filemon read the letter to him and the contents of Onesimo and Tikiko and other members of the household heard.

17. What does it mean to 'continue to strengthen one another'?

WHAT DO YOU WANT OF THIS?

The Apostle Paul

Onessimo

−Filemon

HADZIDZU 154 Immortal Love

OCTOBER 26–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

ADJUST 62

The New Song

TERRITORY

This article will help us to appreciate the redemption process that Jehovah has created for us and the privilege to render sacred service to him.

Value the Privilege of Serving Jehovah

'It gave us the fire of redemption, to give us the chance to render sacred service to him without fear. '—LUKA 1:69, 74.

“Even what will this child become?” (Luke 1:57-66) This was the subject of a surprise inquiry by neighbors and family as elderly priest Zakariya and his elderly wife Elizabeth had given birth to their son John. The request was answered by Jehovah through Zakariya. He explained that John would help people to repent and be ready to follow the soon-to-follow Messiah. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But what John would do was not only mentioned by Zakariya. * As we shall see in this article, what Zakariya said is prophecy and we are also assured today. The words of Zakariya give us three things that we need to value: (1) God’s gift of salvation, (2) the privilege of rendering sacred service to God, and (3) the important task that is entrusted to us to preach.

GOD’S TERMINATION

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God promised his people a covenant of redemption. But who can do this? Zakariya said: 'Yewa gave us a powerful vassal in the heart of David.'

* See the drama of the Gospel of Jesus, Section 1 about the prophecy of Zakariya whose link appears at Luke 1:67.

1. Of what does the prophecy of Zakariya focus?

2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what promise did God make to his people? (b) Who is the “authoritant” mentioned in Luke 1:69?

20

(Luke 1:69, footnote) That “authority” is the Messiah. The Jews of the period of Zakariya were already anticipating the promised Messiah, who was known as Abraham's descendant who would emerge from David's dynasty. (1 Exodus 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) What, then, is the reason why the Jehovah gave Zakaryiya reference to the arrival of that “authoritarian”? For the coming of the Messiah will build a house! Six months later, Jesus was enthroned by a young woman named Mary, whom the angel Gabriel said would be referred to as “the Son of God," sitting on “his father David’s throne.” (Luke 1:30-35) Jesus was baptized at the age of 30. It was at that time that Jehovah anointed him with holy spirit, which made him the Messiah, the “mighty Savior". (Mat. 3:16, 17) This is an interesting episode!

3 The Jewish population in the first century needed to be emancipated. What factors, though, do they require? Zakariya replied: 'We shall be rescued from our adversaries and all the people who have hated us.'" (Luke 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus would separate Jews from the oppressive Roman government? No. Instead, cut them out of the hands of the great propagandist Satan. (Heb. 2:14, 15) Satan is responsible for all humans becoming slaves to evil and death, including ancient Jews. In addition, Jews were unable to observe the Mosaic Law strictly. This led to a curse on them, in which they needed to be removed. (Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13) Thus, the Jews needed the object of which the promise of the Lord had been made through Zakariya, a “acceptable, [to] be achieved by forgiveness of their evil deeds. ”—Luke 1:77.

3. From what causes were there to be a need for the removal of the first century Jews?

4 What enemies do we need to be evicted from today? Like the Jews of Jesus' day, we are also slaves to evil and death. (Rom. 5:12) Also, Satan and the demons oppress us. They try to mislead us so that we stop serving Jehovah. 'The people who hate us,' namely individuals and organizations, are empowered to resist our service. We need to be rescued from all these enemies.

5 How does Jesus rescue us from such enemies? Let's talk about how he rescues us from the evil in the world. First, he did so through his teachings. During Jesus' earthly ministry, he taught his followers how to worship Jehovah. Second, he gave his life as a ransom, so that “any man who believes in him shall not be destroyed, but shall have everlasting life.” (Yoh. 3:16; Matt. 20:28) We strive to serve Jehovah in the right way as Jesus taught us. However, we are imperfect, so we ask the Lord to forgive us if we do what is wrong. Based on the platform, Jehovah welcomes and appreciates our service. (1 John. 2:1, 2) This is how Jesus saves us from evil.

6 How, then, can Jesus fully rescue us from evil and death, Satan and his demons, as well as from the 'people who persecute us'? Since 1914, Jesus has been governing “the throne of his father David”. (Luke 1:32, 33) He the King of the Kingdom of God and

4. Of what enemies do we need to be evicted today?

5. How does Jesus save us from this evil?

6. What will the King Jesus do? (See also picture.)

AUGUST 2026–21

Jehovah's gift of salvation through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

His fellow rulers as well as the holy angels will destroy all of God's enemies on earth at Armageddon. And during the Millennial Reign, Jesus resurrects the dead, and he and his 144,000 fellow rulers will gradually help humanity to become perfect. (Yoh. 5:28; Revelation. 22:1, 2) By the end of the thousand years, evil and death will be completely eliminated. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) Next in the final experiment, Satan, his demons, and the humans on their side will be completely destroyed. (Audience. 20:7-10) Finally, the faithful can fully serve the Lord without evil, death and opposition! Then we will praise our God forever and be grateful for his “free gift of speech”. Part of this gift is the way it will save us through Christ Jesus.—2 Cor. 9:15.

The way we communicate with God is the right thing to do.

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Zakariya said that the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the Lord gave 'a privilege to us to render sacred service to God without fear.' Our “sacred service” applies to all aspects of pure worship. We render sacred service to the Lord by preaching, speaking, learning his Word, and attending conventions, as well as assemblies and conventions. The sacred service applies to other functions that we also perform for the Lord; this includes serving at Bethel, building Kingdom Halls and Assembly Halls as well as caring for them.

8 What does it mean to render sacred service to the Lord “without fear”?

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what privilege did the Lord grant his people?

8. What things should we not be afraid of?

22 BETWEEN

First, we do not need to fear death. Because we know that we will live forever, we prioritize the worship of Jehovah instead of waiting for this pursuit to become our last resort. Even if the protesters threaten to kill us, we will not be intimidated. Instead, we will continue to be loyal to Jehovah because we know that even if we die, Jesus will resurrect us. (Yoh. 6:39, 40) Secondly, we should not fear that the Lord has saved us because we are sinful. We are sure that he loves us, we are pleased with it, we are pleased with it, and on the basis of the sacrifice to forgive us for our evil deeds.—1 Yoho. 4:9, 10.

9 It is hard for some brothers to believe that Jehovah appreciates their service. They may feel that their actions do not please Jehovah, possibly because of a glitch that had previously happened to them. Alternatively, they may have been picked up by their guilt for past wrongdoing, despite requests for Jehovah's forgiveness and even the help of the elders. If so, what can you do?

10 Consider this example. A man took her to the hospital with his feet, and her doctor took care of her. The doctor then taught him the modes of physical activity that would give him the strength to reach the foot and finally be able to walk. What if the man thinks his foot is so bad that he can't fix it? She needs to trust the doctor and follow the instructions he gives her. Happy, the foot will be rectified, and it will be able to walk again or even kill the town.

11 Some people blame themselves for past mistakes and feel sympathy for the wrongs they have committed. But just as a person with solid legs should trust the doctor, so you should be sure that Jehovah loves you deeply and depends on Jesus' ransom to forgive you. (Yoh. 1:16,; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John. 3:19, 20. Keep practicing things that will allow you to completely recover; this includes prayer, study, and other spiritual programs. (Ps. 1:2; 1 Tes. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Just as it takes time to develop a solid foot, so it can take time to become fully convinced that Jehovah loves you and forgives you. But even if it is long night, it will certainly be back. So do not give up. Keep on doing things that will draw you closer to Jehovah. (Flp. 3:16) And be grateful to him daily for how he is empowering you to be able to serve him faithfully. We thank God and Christ for the privilege of rendering sacred service fearlessly!

The important task that is entrusted to us is to keep on the watch.

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. Then Zakariya tells the baby: “You will confront the Lord to prepare his ways.” How did these statements come to fruition? As John grew up, he became a passionate speaker. He encouraged the Jews to repent, get baptized, and believe in the coming Messiah. After kissing Jesus, John announced to the people that Jesus is from God, saying: “Look! Here is the Lamb of God who is destroying the evil of the world!” Following this, John encouraged his disciples that

9. How do some brothers feel, and for what what?

10-11. If past wrongdoing is still troubling you, what will you do? Make a model.

12. How did John prepare his way into the temple? (Luke 1:76-79)

AUGUST 2026 23

By accepting God's gift and valuing our privilege, we will be eagerly engaged in the important task assigned to us

(See paragraph 16)

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

follow Jesus, the Messiah.—John. 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John had a bitter argument for many as many as possible that Jesus was the Messiah, the one through whom Jehovah would grant salvation to the people. This good news is a matter that everyone should listen to. For what? For Zakariya predicted that the upcoming Messiah would be a “breach,” meaning that his arrival would be a remarkable event that would cause significant changes for humanity as a whole! This made it clear that the good news needed to reach the entire world; one John could not do this. But who would also fulfill this important message of redemption?

14 Jesus made the preaching of the good news clear instead. It was he who was mentioned by Zakariya when he predicted that he would give "a light to the people who were sitting in the shadow of darkness and death." Indeed, Jesus' work has profoundly changed the lives of the oppressed commons. It sheds light on the public as it broadcasts “the tribute of Jehovah”. (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) He angrily declared: “The kingdom of birth is near.” However, he knew that many people would need to reject the good news. So, he trained his disciples to do this.—Mat. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28.19, 20.

15 Today, followers of Christ cherish the privilege of preaching the message of the Lord. Essentially, preaching about Jesus' ransom and the Kingdom of God is now more important than ever. For what? In summary. The Bible says that “the great tribulation that has not arrived from the beginning of the world right now” will soon be brought upon humanity. (Mat. 24/21) At the time,

13. What does the declaration by Zakariya that the coming of the Messiah would be the “deception” indicate?

14. What important role did Jesus and his disciples take? (Jesaya 61:1, 2)

15. What is the significance of the healing process today?

24 BETWEEN

it is possible for many to remember the good news we preach and become servants of Jehovah. Jesus and his fellow rulers as well as the angels will come and create anti-Godlike humans and lead true worshipers into the new world. (Mat. 25:34; Revelation. 16:16; 19:19) Because of this, it is important for us to continue to preach the good news now.—Mat. 24:14; Mark 13:10.

The words of Zakariya found at Luke 1:68-79 reminds us of three things we value. They are: God's gift of salvation, the privilege of being given a sacred service to God without fear, and the solemn duty of preaching the good news. Do you believe in the ransoming gift of the Lord and make a dedication to him? Do you value the privilege of serving? If so, continue to announce the “gift of the Lord”. Promulgate the upcoming “hostile ring” of Jehovah when the Kingdom of God will remove all the wicked and make the earth a paradise. Invite all those who love God come together with us ‘to serve him without fear, in good faith and in righteousness for all our days. ‘—Luke 1:74, 75.

16. What are you determined to do? (See also the photos.)

WHAT IS MEANING IN THE FOTOS Page 24 In the first photo, two sisters announce from house to house. In the second photo, a brother is announcing to his colleague on hiatus. In the third photo, a sister is explaining evidence that a Creator has created the things for her classmates and her teacher, and they are listening well to her.

According to the statement of Luke 1:68-79, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

₹ Of what are we assured by the Lord?

What opportunity does Jesus' ransom open to us?

What important task have we been entrusted with?

HADZI 159 Giving Him the Honor We deserve

LIFELIST

The Great Producer Interests in Naming

AS TÉPHANE LANDEROIN

At a young age, I wasn't happy with education, nor did I strive for academic careers. I wanted to be just one where I could get a little bit and get people's attention. I never even imagined that I would have God's attention. Why?

Paris, France did not have water. My parents and people I did not believe in God, so I also did not believe in God. They taught us at school that there was no Creator who did things, but some minor things gradually evolved into the various types of living things available. I believe that theory because I-I think whatever they taught us at school is a matter-of-place. That theory seemed logical, so I didn't investigate it if I realized it was in it or not.

Religious issues are hardly pleasing to my parents. Their case is that if there is a true God, suffering and injustice should not be so pervasive in the world. Nor does my own witness the lies that some religious people do, I think it is not reasonable to believe that there is a God. It does not even make fun of people who believe in God.

But now I am sure that there is a Creator, and that he cares about me despite my weaknesses. Let me tell you why my mind has changed with why I am now happy for you.

When I was 19, the government asked me to take training for military service. I was sent to French Guiana in South America, and I stayed there for a year. At the time, I didn't realize that pretty place would have played a significant role in my life later.

At the age of 20, I returned to Paris. From Friday to Friday, I work hard. But on Sundays, I and my friends drink alcohol and cultivate the entire farm. I only spent a week on this. But I noticed that I wasn't really happy, and neither was this life worth beating-

Born in Paris, France, our family does not believe in God

26 GБЕТАРА

it didn't heal me. It didn't realize that poverty and corruption were common and people didn't treat the people of other countries well. People were suffering unjustly and some people were also doing things that would damage the land. All of this is so close to me and I want things to change. That's how it's-it's fair not to remember South America anymore.

DO NOT RELEASE IN FRENCH GUIANA

Return to French Guiana, where I have been in the military custody of a neighboring village. I think if I come in that good cloth and I live in it, I will be happier. Over time, however, I became involved in the development of only what I used to do. I work hard on the week and go to the field at the end of the week.

During those moments, someone gave me a Bible. And I read it with the intention of seeing the good advice that will help me improve my life. But I didn't understand what I was reading.

I had some friends who left village in the bush and named the place Unity. They also want to know the purpose of life. I was invited to settle in the village with them.

We lived comfortably in the forest and enjoyed freedom of movement. We behave as we want and no one tells us. We clap when the sun rises and we sleep when the sun rises. We only plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, we plant, We care for the environment and the environment and share the things we have with one another. We just eat crops, we don't eat animals because we don't want to kill them. We don't care about government laws; we can't break into law if we realize that that's going to encourage us and not hurt anybody.

We want the same way of life in the village, all over the world. No one responds to his brother, and we treat everyone in good faith regardless of their background. But I came to note that we all want our own, each of us is mistaken, and gradually the problems that plague people in other parts of the world are also troubling us. Some people lived in the village only days. There were others in attendance for weeks or just a few months. My air was not there for more than two years.

When I was in the forest, I realized that the land worked so well that we got everything we needed. One day I woke up and tried to read the deaths in it. They are so old that I can't

A. A field of activity in the village called the Union

B. While in the Forest

A

B

do not read all of them. I wondered: 'Why does the land do so? It's just like a well-preserved place for people to settle.' I didn't realize it was impossible for these things to happen on my own. But who did all these things? Still a Creator. But I don't know anything about that.

Megate Bible rereading. But now I want to know what God wants from me. I became deaf and did the cross sign although I did not know the reason for the people did it. I was wondering, 'What is the Creator's name?' Because in the village, we call that name in our songs.

HOW THE FACE IS

Looking back on the moment I had been listening to, I realized that the Creator had noticed that I wanted to know him. One of my friends in the village met a Witness who gave her the book entitled You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth. * I read the book and what I learned in it impressed me! He is eagerly looking forward to living forever on a paradise earth. That is exactly what I was looking for; I wanted me and my best people to live in peace forever on earth. I would like to befriend this philanthropist Creator who sets such a good mind on us.

I noticed that I had to make changes in my life, but I realized that I could not do this on my own. So I told another friend to arrange for me to meet with a Witness Missionary, Michel who was studying the Bible with her.

The voice I speak to Michel is inviting a convention in Matory, near the capital, Cayenne. The site was over 240 kilometres away from where I lived. I had been headed for a long time and set up a gettui. I wore a red pepper and a shirt that was big enough for me to blow up. Despite my appearance, the brothers gave me a salt and settled my food and grazing issues at the time of the convention. The way the Witnesses showed me affection and kindness has made me realize that I have found the truth.

In one of the conference presentations, 1 Timothy 5:8 was discussed. The passage makes it clear that a good family head caters to the needs of his family. It is explained in the speech that Jehovah does this himself; he always cares for people in his family. This led to my finding out if I had given it to Jehovah

* Published by Jehovah’s Witnesses, but now out of print.

I learned the truth in French Guiana, got baptized in France, and now my husband and I serve in New Caledonia

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDONIA

Language we learned

I was speaking when we were in a Chinese group, in 2006

serving is my priority in life, I will not have to worry; I will be cared for by Jehovah. I became convinced of this when I saw how much Jehovah was caring for Michel. The doing of Jehovah's will was paramount to him, however he did not need anything, and he was happy.

When studying the Bible helped me to understand things, I made changes in my life. For example, I decided to stop smoking marijuana with cannabis. I immediately threw the smoker and cannabis left in my fire, and from that voice, I no longer saw it in my voice. I gradually began attending congregation meetings. One day when I attended the meeting, I told a brother to share the long distance with me, and he beat me the same day in the Kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, I moved out of the village in French Guiana and back to France. I found a Kingdom Hall and went with the Witnesses to study the Bible with me. My parents found out that my life was completely changed. I stopped smoking or drinking alcohol, and I stopped stealing those bottles. And this was very pleasing to them. What they dislike, however, is the way I speak to them specifically when I am expressing my beliefs to them. I later realized that I should have listened attentively to them.

I got baptized in 1996. I have greeted Jehovah for helping me to become a missionary as Michel. I realized that that would be the best thing I could do to demonstrate to Jehovah that what he did to me was pleasing to me.

IN other ways, we communicate with our Creator and our Creator.

Our congregation featured a young lady, Claudene. I noticed that she was passionate about field service, and her announcements at the meetings made me realize that she loves Jehovah very much. He is examining to see what we will look like as we are-we are also alike. At first, however, I wanted to know if Claudene would agree to pursue the diplomacy. She too wanted! So we got married in April 2000.

The following year, the two of us began pioneering. Over time, we-we decided to learn Mandarin so that we could help a group of our nearest Chinese brothers. Learning this language was very awkward for me. I needed to try to think things like the Chinese and be able to figure out how it would make a Biblical spouse look at them. In fact, I could not understand Mandarin language, but I did what I could. The preaching work with the Chinese brothers has been a source of joy and we still commemorate those occasions to this day. Jehovah has been busy with us in those years and the tasks we have done have saved us for the additional work that we have been doing later.

EMPLOYMENT IN CONSTITUTES

Things weren't always easy for me. For example, I don't care about all the effort I made to serve Jehovah and his brothers. So I don't want my speeches to be extremely authentic, so I don't spend too much time on saving them. But I am disappointed with my uncle

AUGUST 2026 29

With my husband; we are currently serving as district director in New Caledonia

still, because I do not realize that I have been unable to meet the high standards I have not met with for myself. (Title. 7:16) It became necessary for me to understand that Jehovah, our Father of love, is happy when we do what we can, and does not require perfection from us.

In Paris, a deputy district officer is appointed. I didn't feel lonely and I had little loyalty to do that work. But I came to realize that the spirit of Jehovah can help us to do things that we can't do on our own.

I also suffer from another problem. As a child, a health crisis causes me to lose touch now. My hands are now mostly concentrated. The situation becomes worse when something causes me concern, for example when I am speaking to the general public in small or medium conventions. But he is sure when I pray to Jehovah for help not to give up. The problem still exists, but if I fully rely on Jehovah, I am more comfortable and less likely now.

In 2011, Jehovah brought our main demand to fruition. We became missionaries, and were sent to New Caledonia. It is a ordeal in the northwestern Pacific with a distance of 16,000 km from Paris. We encountered some challenges there. We need to learn how to eat foods we have never eaten before, such as beans, mankani and beans. Even in the rain, chickens die suddenly and cats die; this leaves us sleep. It took time to divide us. Another thing we need to change in the community is that if you ask someone and expect him to answer to you, he will just use his eyes.

Jehovah has also helped us to transition to new assignments. In addition to the overseas field, we also became servants at Bethel for some years. We attended the School of Kingdom Evangelizers, and I am now the district manager. Throughout all these commissions, we have seen how through his holy spirit Jehovah has helped us. Jehovah gave me the realization that despite our weaknesses, he can use us. So I strongly salute her to help me with whatever task she has assigned me. Although I am somewhat less concerned when it comes to crowdsourcing, God helps me to be able to encourage them for the guidance they need.

My wife, Claudene, has also helped me in all the situations in which we have been through. I'm relieved. She successfully helps with this project that has been assigned to us, always ready to make announcements. Although the district is warm and we face challenges in the district supervision task, it does not go unnoticed.

In the first meeting I attended, I learned that Jehovah, the Grand Creator always cares for his servants. A lot of eyram when I made his service my priority in life. Jehovah has helped me learn how to be submissive to the governments and the people who are taking the lead among its people. I stopped associating with my friends who did not love Jehovah so I could fulfill his requirements, and Jehovah rewarded me with a large number of genuine friends. Jehovah also provided for a good wife. And we are eagerly looking forward to the time that we will be able to live forever to enjoy the abundant gifts of the Lord. — Mark 10:29, 30.

30 BETWEEN

Did You Know?

What do the cities of ancient Israel have in common?

IN BLUMA, cities were made accessible by means of public access. But since the gates are open to the public, there is a lot going on in those places every day. There are more than 50 references to cities in the Bible, as well as various ongoing references to those places.

People gather around towns. The Hebrew word for gate means more than simply the gate in a town. The gates can also indicate the location of the pavilions or terraces at the gates in the city. In some places it is a gathering place in town at the gate.—Neh. 8:1.

Sellers reach out to nearby cities. In the case of some of the portals in Jerusalem, the portals may have had the names of the similar items that were sold there; for example, the Monster and the Sheep.—Zef. 1:10; John. 5:2.

People go to towns to sell goods, buy goods, or do something else. Both Abraham and Boaz recognize the arrangement with others in front of witnesses in public. (1 Exodus 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Some travelers wait in the streets near towns when they are not taken in by anybody. (Voice. 19:15-21) Some also go to towns to learn new things that are happening.—2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

Jurisdictions judge cases by city. Cases in these places are heard before the public as to what happened and how the magistrates handled the case. (5 Deuteronomy 21:18-20) Because the case is public, it makes it impossible for the judges to be impartial, and just to be heard. After the judges show up, the officials immediately follow suit. (5 Exodus 25:2) Both Jehovah and the nation hope that the judges in the towns will act fairly, live good lives, and also encourage others to do so.—5 Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Job 30:7, 11-17.

There is a lot going on in the cities every day.

Loyal worshipers of Jehovah urge the people of Israel in the cities to rely on the Lord. Prophets and others share the words of Jehovah in towns because they know people gather there. (1 King. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20. For example, Elihu said publicly before the public in the city that the declaration by the Lord that he would punish the house of Ahab had come true. (2 King. 10:8-10) King Hizkiya gathered his troops against the city and encouraged them to rely on the Lord.—2 Kron. 32.6-8.

The Bible says that “the true wisdom" is shouting and its voice is raised “at the gates of the city.” (Lod. 1:20, 21 In ancient Israel, true advice and sound decision-making was provided by the faithful men of Israel. Today, we are happy that the wisdom of Jehovah is evident in the Bible and its ministers around the world are helping people to study the Bible so that they find true wisdom.

AUGUST 2026 31

GATECTYPE IN THE KINGDOM OF YEHOWA

August 2026 Vol. 147, No. 8 EWE

IN THIS TATA

Study column for October 5-11 2

Do Not Believe Satanic Lies

Study column for October 12-18 8

You Can Conquer Satan and Demons!

Study column for 19–25 October–14

Let Love Inspire You In All Things

Study column for October 26–November 1–20

Value the Privilege of Serving Jehovah

BEARER 26

The Great Producer Is Interested in Naming

Did You Know? 31

What do the cities of ancient Israel have in common?

WHAT THE BIG HORSE

A Drunk tree

One of the thirty different trees covered by the Bible is a vegetarian. It is one of the fastest growing fruits after the winter. White supremacists play around the end of January. His lawyers use a little or a lot of white money to find out so well. It is quite normal that in Hebrew, the name given to a vegetarian translates to "a fast woman." What is significant about this tree and the Creator?

In the footnote to Jeremiah 7:25, Jehovah says that he sends his prophets to his people the morning knowledge. The March 15, 2011 The Guardian said: 'Just as a white person wakes up early, Jehovah will be quick by metaphor to warn his people about the consequences of disobedience. And he will not hold back—keep “potential”—until his prophecy is fully realized.’—Jeer. 1:11, 12.

The Bible also likens white supremacist barons to old men's head. (Title. 12:5) Plates of gold in the temple were likely made in the shape of a white baron, due to the familiarity of the barons.—2 Exodus 7:17-20.

This book is not being sold. It is part of the worldwide Biblical teaching project supported by voluntary donations. In order to make a donation, we apologize, car donate.jw.org.

The scriptures mentioned in this book are inspired by the Holy Scriptures—The New World Translation of the Bible, unless we point to a different market.

The Watch Tower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and the Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Open the .org website, or take your device scan button with this

JW.ORG®

w26.08-EW