OTOBER 2026

BU-EngerEVE DEDODODOS ADAFI

FORSection: CENTO 7, 2026-JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

CIS 100 NISTSIONS

I reported on 1 January 1926 the Protection of God: Shortly after, God will honor his king. He will have a witness to his defense.

Through Jesus Christ, the head of the organization, in 1926, the Lord has helped Kris-to understand that the presentation you preach must be the most important task in their life. Therefore, 'month-month' created a new series of documents, changed the way meetings are conducted, and dismantled children so that all Christians can see what they should do. (Mat. 24:45) Jesus Christ helped them to have houses and printing plates to help them communicate.

we shall read ko, AND we shall never forget.

In April, it was announced at The Golden Age (now called Awake!) to create a new book called Highlights. The main document used in the presentation industry was Studies in the Scriptures, but it was replaced by this new paper. In order to make this new edition widely available, a new sister-supwriter of the members at Bethel was purchased by a new sister-in-chief. This device is able to publish 22 books in just one mini-series. The Bible Students distributed this letter to all the people they addressed.

Over the years, the Bible Students studied the encyclopedia Studies in the Scriptures at their wedding meetings. But as of May, they have learned some information in the protection process. What effects did this change have?

A congregation wrote to Brother Rutherford: "The littleer Bunker Hill's congregation in Illinois pardons you. Every Sunday, we learn the story and the congregation has recommended that we learn that Sunday. We are glad to understand new information presented to us promptly.

The new or new meaning given to them at the time helped them to actively preach. For example, a Protective message explained that trying to be positive, and also treating people well and showing respect for them, is not a priority. It was explained in that, that, Jehovah has directed Christians to give a witness to himself. Christians are fond of the Lord, so they should obey this commandment and be happy to preach it.

Another article in the study shows that, the way true Christians show their love for God is and they will serve him well. In that case, all the Bible Students were encouraged to preach as hard as possible. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

Bible Students made these changes as soon as possible. Several weeks after this episode of the Protective leak came out, a congregation wrote the tape and-to Bethel. Here is one of the stories in it-people: The stories that have recently appeared in some of the Protections are very comforting and helpful

2 BUU-Lon

We have a lot of power. Now, we just read the protection, but we also learn. They also wrote, Right now, everyone likes to answer during meetings, and this is very helpful to our congregation.

THE SYSTE OF THE SYSTEPTION OF THE SYSTEPTIONS

In late May, a meeting was held in London, England, with a majority of the Bible Students attending. The offices in Britain were all at their centres. Therefore, the Brooklyn University brothers sent a voice to kill you so that they could print a book that talked about God's way for his people. This week was distributed to the convention attendees.

On Monday, May 29, the brothers took advantage of their donation. The convention's program for that day was written: "We have invited every Bible Student here to preach to people about Jesus and the Kingdom. Earlier in the morning, you went to Alexandra Palace, and the sibling-in-laws would tell you what to do.

Over 100,000 volumes are distributed. The July 15, 1926 Defence reported: The brothers were very excited. They felt like they had listened to the order of the Lord to give evidence to him.

The following day, Brother Rutherford gave a speech at the Royal Albert Hall, in which he spoke about the fate of the powerful governments of the world. Just a few minutes after the opening of the doors, 13,000 people flooded the hall. People who didn't have access to the hall listened to the lockdown.

In his speech, Brother Rutherford said that, mankind was in power because the governments had rejected the one whom Jehovah had anointed as the King and his Majesty. Brother Rutherford criticized the League of Nations (League of Nations) and argued that he would be banned.

AYABABOE

While in London during the meeting, Brother Rutherford met Edwin Skinner, a street-tech narrator from Sheffield, England. After the meeting, Brother Skinner went back to Sheffield. But Brother Ruth-erford told him to find him in London.

"I felt like he was going to tell me to go to another town," said Brother Skinner. He also said, "By the time I got his hand, I went to London the next day. . . . I had made my mind that I would send you abroad, I wouldn't go back at all, saying, 'You know I've gone.' And so said Brother Rutherford. she asked him.

The Book of A. Newsweek

B. Alexandra Palace, London

D. Royal Albert Hall, London

DELIVE Venture!

A

B

D

E. George Wright (left-way) and Edwin Skinner's tenure in India

Executive. George Draper

E

he has done it.

: Will you go to India? Edwin responded by saying: "When will you be willing to go?"

A brother, George Wright, was elected and accompanied by Edwin to India, and only three weeks after in July, they sat in the afternoon. Brother Skinner served as the contractor minister, overseeing the ministry of the ministry in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India, and Persia (Iran). Brother Skinner was a Christian anointed, serving in India for 64 years until his death in 1990.

The PILGMS are most likely to be located on the road

From about 1894, the congregation sends on some representative positions to meet with the various groups of Bible Students. In July 1926, the work of these representatives called pilgrims changed. The performance of Pilgrims is similar to the work of regional managers today. By then, they had a one-day visit to the groups, but from that month on, they would visit the groups with two days, and they were asked to go completely, spend 100 hours a month in the field.

Young George Draper who is a politician wrote a letter to the congregation. He said all the brothers, including the police, should be ready to warn people. What will help them do that is to study the protections they need. Brother Draper was a Christian anointed, dead in 1938.

ADOPTION OF THE WASTION OF NEWTENTEMENT

The last major meeting of the season was held on 14-18 October 1926, and was held in New York City. The news agencies in the country agreed to publish the slogan entitled, A Very soon, the Supreme War of the Earth which was to be delivered by Brother Rutherford in their newspapers. But after the birth, some of the major news companies said they would no longer advertise the meeting.

The brothers decided to inform everyone about what the news companies did. So on Friday, October 15, Brother R. J. Martin released a new bank called Against the People. The fund was intended to raise awareness of the bad practices of the advertising companies and also to promote the growth of the talk by Brother Rutherford. "We started to publish our books ourselves, and our brothers will work hard until this book is published for 17,000,000 copies," said Martin. Then, we are going to tell the brothers who have come to the meeting to preach to people. After the morning session, your friends began to share their garden. And by the night they had sold 300,000 pounds.

During the weekend, the brothers traded more than they had sold the Friday. So when it is finished, they cost over one million pounds! In addition to this bold publisher's 3,783 volume and 35,140 pamphlets.

4

CUU-Lon

Judge Rutherford's Levture Earth's Greatest Contact Near Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 ochlock SETS FREE COLLECTION

Eurational Bible Students Association

F

G

F. Brother Rutherford's speech entitled A Very Soon, We Shall Have the Supreme War of the Earth" was announced in a press release

G. Convention of Madison Square Garden, New York, October 1926

On Monday, October 17 pm, about 12,000 people listened to the address given by Brother Rutherford. When he finished his speech, some people who welcomed the issue did not ask questions. As a result, over 9,000 volumes have been distributed, and up to that point, it has been the largest distribution of documents at a conference.

AMA TESSIONEMENT OF TUREREET

Many people were searching for our books and, therefore, the leading brothers in Brooklyn saw the need for a larger print site. In the years, they have rented the toilet on Concord Street, but they found that this structure is not enough for the project. Thus, the brothers bought a piece of land at Adams Street that was located a few miles away from the building in Concord Street. They started construction of eight floors on the land they bought. This building will provide a great place to print the books.

The building on Adams Street was completed in 1927 and was instrumental in supporting the brothers. From 1927 onwards, many people joined the Bible Students and continue to make changes to the organization, which made them eligible to cast on them the blame for the money being Jehovah's Witnesses.

Library of Adams Street, Brooklyn, New York

OTOBER 2026 5

CENTO 7-13, 2026

ARTICLE 46 We thank You, Jehovah

What will you do to greatly appreciate and how you communicate with others? You can express your gratitude.

Let's be found to be a valuable asset

Be one another thank you.KOL. 3:15.

A 95-year-old named John has a very weak life and has an administrator. Every day when a person visits or even does little to help him, he tells the person, 'Thank you.' Then, he writes the person's name in a pamphlet. During the night he goes to sleep, he tells the viewer to hold him or her up and make a dedication to prayer. Then, he thanked Jehovah for anyone who visited him or whoever did something to help him in the day. One of the viewers remarked, Although John is very weak, heshesheshes always has fun and doesnt bother. John's experience shows that, the person who is appreciated is usually very happy and even when it is through a difficult situation is not happy.

Sadly, today, many people are not very grateful. The Bible predicted that, in the last days of our existence, people will be grateful. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) For some people, they simply forget to sit down. But there are many people who experience a lot of suffering, and therefore when they are done with kindness, they do not feel grown up. Perpetrators tend to be limited to themselves.

* It is not its own name.

1. What do you learn from the experience of John? (See also photographs.) 2. How do many people behave today?

6

The person who appreciates is very happy, and he is not feeling enough

(See paragraph 1)

3 Jehovah's people should not have any of the negative attitudes that many people show. The Angel Paul said: "Be one another knows how to thank you." (Kol. 3:15) Therefore, when someone does good to us, we have to do something to show our gratitude for what he has done for us, not just to enjoy it. In this study, we will consider three questions: (1) Why should we appreciate it? (2) What will help us to appreciate more? (3) How can we show our appreciation?

How can you tell an error?

4 If we do not appreciate it, we harm ourselves. Notable people are usually happy. The Bible states: We shall all days be bad. (Section 15:15) We all face challenges that discourage us. Although not all the problems we face we can take action, we can do something about how we see them. If we continue to focus on our minds, we will always be saddened. When it happens like that, we won't get something better in our life, and our happiness is not good.

5 if we appreciate it, we get it for ourselves. If we appreciate it, we are happy. Section 15:15 also states: A cheerful person's heart, he celebrates every festival. The happiness of a persons heart focuses on the good things happening in his life, appreciating these things. Therefore, she is often happy. For this reason, she was not overly concerned with her problems. It is easy for a person with a happy heart to appreciate, which makes him happy, or when he is speaking, to celebrate regularly.

6 Reading Filipinos 4:6, 7. If we pray and say something that we have appreciated, we cannot worry too much. Why do we say that? If we appreciate our possessions, it gives us a particular insight into how Jehovah helps us, and therefore

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. How do we harm ourselves if we do not appreciate it?

5. How does being appreciated make us happy?

6. Why can we not worry about it when we give thanks to it? (Article 4:6, 7)

O CTOBER 2026 7

Isoah 33:6 He is the stability of your times

Every day take time to think about the good things you have (See article 9-10)

We do not worry too much. If we focus on how Jehovah looks at us, we will be very confident that in the future he will look after us, and therefore we will not worry too much. (Mat. 6:2534) Also, when we pray for and thank God and thank him and ask him for help, he sees our pain and our pain, and gives us some of the 'peace of God'. This peace allows us to stay calm because our friendship with God is strong and therefore we do not worry too much.

7 If we appreciate it, our friendship with God will be strengthened. All the good things we have is from God. (Read James 1:17.) She gave us many things. Some of these are, the ransom and our hope of living forever. Why have he given us these things? Love for us is not something we have done. (Rom. 3:24; Executive. 2:8) If we appreciate the love that is shown to us by God, and the good things that are good for us, then we will love him and believe in him very well.

WHAT DO BroughtION OF ADORI?

8 Let's take a look at the good things that Jehovah did for you in the past. For example, think about a period of time you have had a difficult situation. Maybe someone you love has died, you have a very sick disease, or you have been persecuted for serving God. What help do you have at that time? It is evident that, it is not your own strength that you are able to stand the situation. Instead, you know that if God didn't give you enough energy, you wouldn't have failed. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) Therefore, taking into account the good deeds that the Lord has done for you in the past will make you appreciate him very much." Song 103:2

9 think about the good things you have now. The Bible encourages us to: "We shall not leave everything." (1Process. 5:18) Every day, think about the good things you have. You can take some time in the day to do so. For example, you can do that morning when you lie down, so that you can start the day with something good.

7. How can appreciation strengthen our relationship with God? (GDR 1:17)

8. Why is it good to think about the good things that Jehovah did for us in the past? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

910. What good things have you enjoyed everyday? (See also the picture.)

8 BUU-Lon

Or you can do that night while you are going to sleep, to finish the day with something good. (Song 92:1, 2) You can record the good things that happened in the day as did the one paragraph of John. Of what good things can you record?

10 First, think about the things that the Lord has done for you in the day. (Article 40:5) For example, you can thank him for always listening to your words. Also, you can thank him for the scriptures that are interesting. In addition, you can thank him for a piece you read, or a video you watched on the brain.org or JW Library that helped you solve a problem. (Song 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) You can also think about the beautiful things that the Lord has done to ensure our well-being. For example, you can thank him for how nice the sun is. Also, you can thank him for any sweet food you eat, or for the good friends who care about yourself. We thank God for giving us life and spirit, which makes us happy with all these things. (Bef. 17:25) What other good things have you been given to you by the Lord and you can write down? 5:20.

11 Since you are united with brothers worldwide, you have a lot of good things, and you can also think about those. (Article 133:1; April 18:24) For example, a brother may have done some favor to you or made a statement that greatly encouraged you, and you may be grateful for it. (Septe 12:25; 16:24) You can also thank for something even small that a sibling has done to prove that he cares for you. Here is an example of this. It is hard for a sister who has lost a daughter to sing when she goes to meetings because she is very sad. He said: "Once did we go to the meeting at night, a sister noticed that I was mourning. He came to the scene where I was standing, and lay his hands on my neck, and we sang it together. This made me very grateful to my siblings. This clearly shows that, we can appreciate everything our brothers do to express their love for us.

12 If we consider the good things that the Lord has given us in the past and the good things he has given us now, we will be grateful to him very much. But what can we do to show our gratitude for what Jehovah and others are doing for us?

WHAT DO THE ADOPTION OF ADOPTION?

13 How can we show that we appreciate the things that Jehovah does for us? Paul said that, we can thank God for what we say or do. (Kol. 3:15, 17) Therefore, we have to tell the Lord that we are grateful for what he does for us. But it is not the only thing we should do. We should also do that through our actions. Furthermore, Jehovah wants us to show our gratitude by our speech and actions. Let's take a look at ways to express our gratitude for what Jehovah and others do to us.

14 by your statement you will show that you have appreciated. Whenever people do something good to do or say something that shows concern to you, thank them. Sometimes you can laugh at them or write them

1112. Why can we appreciate our brothers?

13. How can we show others that we appreciate what they are doing for us?

14. In what ways can you thank others by speaking up? (See also photographs.)

OTOBER 2026

9

What can you do for your people to show their gratitude? (See paragraph 14)

Acknowledg them. For example, you can thank an elderly person who visits you and your family and encourage you to thank for their contribution. (1Process. 5:12, 13) Also, from time to time you can thank the wives of the elders because they allow their husbands to visit and encourage the brothers with some of their time spent together.

15 Who is the one we are supposed to thank is the Lord, and we do that when we sleep. (Efe. 6:18) Usually when we sleep, we ask for something to do or apologize to him for help. We may ask him to help us cope with certain life conditions, give us the knowledge to make good decisions, or forgive a sin we have committed. But we should not forget that we are grateful for the many things he does for us. (Article 95:2) We sometimes have to ask ourselves, 'When I am praying, do I remember thanking God for the good things he has done for me, or do I make a request?'

15. How can we show our gratitude to God through our speech?

16 by your actions you show that you have appreciated. If someone shows that he or she cares about you, do something for the person to show your gratitude. Jesus said that taking action to do something for someone brings us happiness. Therefore, if you do something to thank people for it, you will be happy. (Bef. 20:35) Also, it will also make the people happy because they will see that you love them. This will make you love you very much, and your relationship with them will be strained.

17 We can show our gratitude to Jehovah through our actions that we have appreciated his goodness to us. How can we make it for the Lord? We can offer our body to him as a living offering. (Read Romans 12:1.) This means that we should continue to do the will of God with all our lives or whatever we have, including our thinking and our health,. What are some things that make us happy?

16. Why should we do something to thank others for their gratitude?

1718. How can we show our gratitude for what Jehovah is doing for us? (Prop 12:1)

10 BUU-Lon

How do we show that we are doing the will of God?

18 When we learned about the things that Jehovah has done for us, we appreciated him so we dedicated ourselves to him and we were given a baptism. Jehovah is very pleased when we continue to spend our time, energy, money and other resources well serving him. For example, we read the Bible every day and think about it, we preach the good news about the Kingdom, attend regularly and participate in meetings, and make contributions to support the organization and the ministry. (Song 1:2, 3; 2 Kor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) If we do all we can to serve God well, we show our gratitude for what Jehovah is doing for us. 3:23, 24.

19 Even though today, many people are grateful, we know it is good to appreciate and express appreciation by our speaking and doing. If we do that, we will have a great deal of happiness, our heart will be less than our heart, and most of all, our friendship with God will be strained. If we consider what Jehovah has done for us in the past, and what he does for us now, we will be grateful. We will also know that he appreciates everything we do to serve him and will bless us with blessings both today and in the future.Song 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19. Why do you want to make sure you appreciate what they are doing for you?

WHAT THE SIPTION OF IPTIONS Page 7: These images show what John did to show that he was being appreciated. Page 8: Things don't go well with your sister on the day, but she is considering some of the good things she has like reading some of the scriptures that she has been comforting to.

How will you become an expert in the decision?

Why should we appreciate it?

What will help us to appreciate more?

What can we do to show our appreciation?

ARTICLE 139 Repeal You as the New World

CENTO 14-20, 2026

TOP 143

Keep On Working, You Trust, and Don't Die

WHAT IS NOT learned

Today, the Lord is performing three wonders, and we will see that it is our great privilege to work together with him.

Don't Know What You Can't Say About Tour in Tour Today.

To all people know that you are a disciple.OH. 13:35.

Imagine you were joining the Israels in standing at the Red Sea and seeing if you were crossing the Red Sea with the help of God to prevent it from happening to your hands. No doubt, would you be so surprised? Also, take your mind to the time Jesus is on earth to treat diseases, and even raise bodies. If you were there and you could see it with your eyes, you would have been so happy! These are some of the wonders reported in the Bible. Anyone with good heart who will see this miracle will realize that God made it happen. (Mat. 15:31) But ever since this variety of surprises, years have passed. Is God performing surprise today? Yes! How do we know?

2 A thing that humans cannot do or cannot fully understand can be termed strange. It is something that Jehovah has done through his power. In this lesson, we will discuss three things that the Lord is doing today through his congregation. We can call them a miracle because only the Lord can make them happy. As we discuss each of them, we will see how to work together with the Lord when it is this miracle.Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

A CONITION OF THE NICIPTION

3 Over 2,500 years ago, the prophet Isaiah recounted that the number of God's servants is very high in the present days. (Read Isaiah 60:22.) Has this prediction been fulfilled? Consider this: In 1914

1-2. (a) What are some of the surprises reported in the Bible? (b) What can be termed surprise? And where can we hope in the wonderful things that the Lord is doing today? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can we say that Jehovah's people have become a strong country? (Article 60:22) (See also the image.)

12

Starting in 1914, the Lord has made his servants prosperous in a surprise way (Article 3)

2026 More than 9,000,000

1914 Around 5,000

to some 5,000 people who serve the Lord in the land. But since 1914, the number of these people named in the book of Isaiah has continued to increase, and they are now over nine million. If we put it in place, there are over 130 countries with fewer than nine million inhabitants. Today, there are more people who know the true Lord who loves him in the land than ever before. They are located on 240 estates. Of course, when Jehovah's Witnesses are compared to members of a number of religions, the number of witnesses is small. Nevertheless, it is clear that the predictions of 6:22 concerning the goodness of God's people have been fulfilled. Yes! The minor has indeed become a strong town.

The majority of churches are because they are babies, but we are not. In addition, we do not allow people who do not live according to the directives of God to become Witnesses or to indicate that people can choose between these guidelines and what they would like to be in order to make people more likely to become Witnesses. Instead, before becoming Witnesses, we each study the Bible and make changes that will enable us to live by what the Bible says. For most of us, this calls for major changes in our thinking and actions. (1 Kor. 6:9-11) That allows us to be accepted as publishers, and we are able to preach to others so that they can come to know and worship God. After that, we dedicated ourselves to the Lord, that is, we promise him that we would do his will no matter what happens. Then, we were baptized.Mat. 28:19, 20.

Our growth is a miracle because it is only possible for God to make it happen. A claim made by Jesus that it is not easy for a person to become a disciple. He said: "If anyone wants to follow me, he will avoid and pick up the tree and continue following me. (Mat. 16:24) This means that if a person wants to become a follower of Jesus, he or she should be happy that he will suffer or even die because of his belief in Jesus. As

4. Why is the growth of Jehovah's Witnesses remarkable?

5. What did Jesus tell his followers would happen to them?

O CTOBER 2026 13

They were beaten up but went on strike.

Jehovah's Witnesses were highly persecuted during the Second World War, but there was a surprise; their numbers continued to increase. A Nazi who persecuted the Witnesses said: "When you are beating them, then there is a lot.

Here is one thing that happened at the same time in the Netherlands. It was reported in the 1986 Yearbook that: Although God's people were arrested, they were imprisoned, taken to violent camps, and some of them were killed, the number of publishers was limited in just two years. In 1943 there were 1,379 publishers in the Netherlands. This is the largest number until then. Therefore, even though the brothers were in critical condition, Jehovah blesses their work and made it difficult for him to prosper.

Throughout the past, they had to stop following Jesus. Shortly after Jesus' resurrection, religious leaders tried to stop the followers of Jesus. They captured the apostles and taken them to the Sanhedrin, the greatest Jewish escort. These religious leaders wanted to assassinate the apostles; however, Gamaliel, a mob, warned them: "You should not interfere with these men, but leave them. For if people take this purpose or this work from him, it will stop it; but if it is from God, they cannot stop it. If not, then you will even be seen as people who are conflicting with God's own. (Bef. 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Gamaliel's statement was equally fulfilled. After the handover of Jesus' disciples, the religious leaders continued to oppose them, but they could not ban the work of the loyal disciples. Rather, many people listened and became Christians! (Bef. 6:7) What caused this? This has happened because God helped them to continue to preach and prosper despite being persecuted. 1:8.

7 Today, many people are coming into contact with the truth even though it causes their relatives, business and other people to engage in sexual intercourse or be against them. Why did these new disciples choose to take on their pain? They did that because they loved God, and they believed he would fulfill his promise to support them. Jehovah keeps his promise and gives them the maximum energy they need to cope with. (2 Kor. 4:7-9) When their relatives oppose them for their purchases, they feel the same as the musician felt when he said: "Even when my own father and my mother leave me, I will be saved by God himself. (Song 27:

For example, Jesus predicted that his followers would be brought before the governors and chiefs to defend their faith. (Mat. 10:17, 18) Moreover, he warned his followers that they would be opposed by powerful religious leaders. (Cort. 16:2) Jesus also stated that some family members will resist them when they see themselves serving God. 10:34-36.

6 As predicted by Jesus, there is a lot of faith in Christ.

6. Why have the opposition failed to give the traditional Christians a stop from teaching?

7. How do the modernised disciples of Jesus learnt about traditional Christians? (Constitution of Treened but Keeping Up).)

14 BUU-Lon

10) The fact that many people become followers of Jesus, although it also causes them to lose their control, is real-life.

8 Whenever we witness the presence of the Lord, then we are working together with him and Jesus to make the miracle of the championship. Jehovah and Jesus help us in the ministry. Jesus promised us: I am with you all the days and the last days of the world. (Mat. 28:20) Also, the angels give us assistance in the field of presentation.Prop. 14:6, 7.

ADOPTION FOR ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

9The Prophet Mika predicts another ongoing miracle of the present day, which is, the unification that exists amongststst the people of Jehovah's people. Inspired by his spirit, I spoke about a couple of men and women whom the Lord would gather and make them part of. (Read Mika 2:12.) How does this prophecy come to pass today? Today, although the nature and backgrounds of each of Jehovah's people differ, they are united. They feel the same as David did. He said: "Look at how nice it is, how nice it is for brothers to live together! Music 133:1.

10. Today, there are a number of things that show us together. For example, regardless of where we live, we learn the same Bible story at meetings, regional meetings, and regional conferences. Globally, buildings are built together by witnesses from different countries and countries, and also by their collaboration across different branches. We love one another so much. In the world, the rich do not usually associate with the poor, the people do not associate with the people of the opposite culture, and people who are different from those of their backgrounds. But there is nothing like that amongstststst all of Jehovah's people. Wherever we go worldwide, our loving brothers want to help us and also encourage us to continue serving God. Today, many people from different areas are trying to think like Jehovah and do his will. And no such thing has occurred.

The one we created is surprising because wherever you go in the world, people are greatly separated. Throughout the world, people are divided in different ways. Every day it is announced that there will be an organisation, a riot, a bladder, a bladder, a rebellious woman, or a war on her part. Unfortunately, people have become more tense in the world, and there are many side effects on the world. Just like the Bible, people have become disloyal, . . Unable to make a contract, people complaining about others, those who cannot trust them, people with anger, people who do not like good, those who entertain, hate, and do not see themselves too much. (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Although the whole world remains in the power of the wicked person [and his demons]", we continue to serve Him with joy as a united family. (1 John. 5:19; Episode. 12:9) Indeed, this is a miracle!

12 We can help to strengthen the unity of the mother-in-laws. How can we achieve that problem? We should pay close attention to what Jehovah teaches us and use. Why? Because what we learn in the Bible helps us to be patient, forgive, stop and interact with others. (Efe. 4:2, 31, 32) Whenever we leave- we ignore a brother's mistake, we die

8. What do we do to make this development a shock?

910. How is the prediction at 2:12 of the coming into force today?

11. Why can we say that the one we did was a miracle?

12. How can we promote unity amongst spouses?

O CTOBER 2026 15

God's people show genuine affection to each other and others (shorter paragraph 14)

If we are to gossip a person, or forgive a person, then we are working together with him to make a miracle in his congregation.

I am INUUNISIPTION

13 Jesus said that the main thing that people will know is the love they love one another. (Read John 13:35.) Christians who lived during the day of Jesuss apostles were drawn to love themselves in different ways. For example, they shared the property with the needy. (Bef. 2:44,45) they prayed to the victims. (Bef. 12:5) care for orphans and widows. (Yak. 1:27) Even impoverished Christians poured donations to help Christ's other priests. (2 Kor. 8:1-4) After the time of the apostles of Jesus, a writer named Tertu-llian wrote about what people thought of the ancient Christians. Here is what he said to people: "Look at how their attitude affects them, and they even want to die for each other."

14 Today, as the Christians of old, God's people love one another.

13. In what ways do the Christians in the early days of Jesus' resurrection have a passion for each other? (John 13:35)

14. In what ways do Jehovah's people show love today? (Checks also.)

Majority. We preach the good news to people who are not the Witnesses. And we do make donations to support the ministry. None of us ever tried or forced us to make donations, nor were we required to give up one hundred% of our property. Love also motivates us to support our brothers in times of jealousy. * In addition, we strive to help one another to keep calm, happy, and deepen our friendship with God. This is in line with a recommendation made by the Angel Paul. He said: "We console the depressed, support the weak, be patient to all. (1Process. 5:14) We have been saved by the Lord to a family of people worldwide. The members of this family show genuine affection for each other and others.

15 The love of Jehovah's people is impressive because they are doing this in a world where most people cut their own alone. The Angel Paul wrote that, in our day, people will become 'generals, investors, [and] fans of the comic.' They don't like it

* For example, look at the issue of Administrated Persons Who Will Get Inquiry in 2022Delected Censorism on the brain.org.

15. Why is the love we show to one another a miracle?

16 CUU-Lon

Even God, who has not loved family members, has done it. (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus predicted that people will remove people for their sake. Then he added that the love of many people will be enhanced. (Mat. 24:10, 12) What exactly is happening to him today, is it not? Because of the strength of God, his people continue to show genuine affection to one another. It is unquestionably a strange thing that is happening today!

16 if people are good and sincere and also try to ensure peace among us, then we are showing love. (Mar. 9:50) Keeping our affection in our words and deeds makes it clear that we are God's people. When we show love, in reality we are working hand in hand with God to make a surprise in his congregation today.

ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

17 How the congregation prospers, as well as the unity and love among us, make it known that the Lord is doing great things today. Although many people are against the work we do worldwide, many people have become Witnesses. People are united in different ways around the world, but we are united. Although the love of many is universal, we continue to show genuine love to God and to one another, which means that we are genuine followers of Christ. (Cort. 13:34) We are not just seeing this miracle, but, rather, we are within it, because We are God's colleagues. 1 Cor. 3:9.

18 It is surprising that, in this troubled world, the number of God's servants worldwide is rising, united, and sincere. It is really a miracle! This surprise gives us the assurance that all the things that the Lord has promised to do in the future will happen. (2 Pet. 3:13) Don't forget, it is a great opportunity to work together with God to surprise today.

16. In what ways can we show affection to one another?

17. What causes you to see that Jehovah is doing great things today?

18. What kind of assurances do you receive from God's work today?

How will you become an expert in the decision?

What can we do to have a share of the impressive development?

What can we do to have a share of the unity amongst Jehovah's servants?

What can we do to enjoy the love expressed by Jehovah's servants to their wonder?

ARTICLE 154 Never Residence

CENTO 21-27, 2026

ARTICLE 135 of the Lord: "My child, let your face be vigilanted"

Being a good friend can lead to better service to one's life.

Good friends will help you to Serve Jehovah better.

A person's hand can pass on to one's own, but two partners can oppose the person.JAJ. 4:12.

WE all want to serve God, our God, very well. But in reality, this is not always easy to do. Why? Because the people of the world are trying to separate us from the Lord. Therefore, we should try hard to look like them. A thing to be careful about, especially our youth, is, the idea of friendship among people in the world. For example, some youths who do not know the Lord think it is very important to have more friends if these friends are not too much friends or even those they can trust. Some of them think they are just their parents who can trust them. Even others think they don't need friends. How does Jehovah and Jesus feel about friendship?

2 Jehovah wants us to have friends who will help us serve him better. His son, Jesus, chose similar friends. Shortly before giving his life as a ransom, he praised his faithful apostles: "You have become his supporters in my difficult situations." He did not see them as just his followers; he saw them as his friends. (Articles 22:28; Yoo. 15:15) A good friend always sticks to someone, not just when things are going well, but also "in times of trouble". (Septe 1:17) Good Peers help us to

1. How do young people who do not know the Lord enjoy friendship? 2. (a) Who have been a close friend to Jesus? (b) Why should we have the best friends? (ECO 4:9-12)

18

We do what is right, and they entertain our organization. (Read Author 4:9-12. ) Such friends will help you to continue serving God better. It is not even easy to do so. If you work together in the service of God, you will be happy but not only will you be able to make friends forever.

3 For you to be a young person, how can good friends help you serve God better? Why can your parents and other lovers be good friends for you? Now we are going to discuss the story of the prophet Daniel and how he was able to solve some of the problems that seemed impossible. Also, we are going to discuss how Daniel's greatest friend, Jehovah, helped him out when he seemed to be the same.

ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOS

4 When Daniel was young, the situation in the kingdom of Judah was very bad. He was not happy with the kingdom of Judah because most of its people have ceased to serve him. As such, in 620 BCE. He was allowed to rule with, the king of Babylon, by, the Lord. (Dan. 1:2) It is possible for Daniel to be between the age of 13 and 19 years. About three years later, the Babylonian forces captured many of the pigs into Babylon, including Daniel and his family. Daniel was then taken to the Babylonian king's house to arrest him. (Dan. 1:3-6) Therefore, Daniel came into contact with his country, and he was no longer living with his family.

* Although these scriptures are often used in referring to marriage, the primary issue is the reason why it is good to have a friend.

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. What happened to Daniel when he was a teenager?

What helped Daniel to remain loyal to God in Babylon? The Bible states that Daniel decided in his heart to uphold the laws of the Lord. (Dan. 1:8) How do Daniel know these laws? Who helped him to make the decision to serve God when he wasn't? Clearly, his parents. Why do we say that? They named him Daniel, which means My Lord is God. Daniel's naming shows that they want to become a living minister.5 Mo. 6:6, 7.

Also Daniel may have been influenced by Jeremiah's good example. Why is it so interesting to say that? When Daniel was born, Jeremiah was the prophet of Jehovah, sent by Him to the king of Judah and to the royal families of Judah to speak his word. Jeremiah started this in 647 BCE, and Daniel's family was clearly among the families sent to them. (Yer. 1:2, 17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) Although we cannot say with confidence that Jeremiah met Daniel or became friends, Daniel was no doubt aware of Jeremiah's predictions. Even when Daniel was a guest, he read the Jeremiah's predictions. (Yer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2] Clearly, Jeremiah's example made Daniel realize he can be bold, and he continues to be faithful to Jehovah even among those who serve Him.

7 We can believe that Daniel's parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and the other faithful servants of Jehovah had a positive influence on him. She was knocked down and became very close to Jehovah.

8 also today, parents can help their children to love God. How can they do that? You are a parent, you can ask yourself:

56. Who are most likely to have a positive influence on Daniel?

78. How can parents and other partners help the youth to remain faithful to God?

O CTOBER 2026 19

Are I helping my children know what to do like when asked to close a flag? Are I training them to make good decisions when they are reminded that they are doing a wrong? Are you suggesting to them what to do when engaging in unlawful activities online? Did I help them to strengthen their faith and maintain their loyalty to God during the great tribulation? Keep waiting for your children to love Jehovah and hope in him. How can you do this? Talk with your children about the issues concerning God. We encourage them to answer questions during meetings and also participate in sports activities. Just like Jeremiah's good example for Daniel, so can our loved ones be a good example for the youth. So get time for them to make friends with them.

We shall not try to make any decisions as a way of doing it.

9 When Daniel and the other young men were arrested in Babylon, they faced situations that could lead them to commit a crime. When they arrived in Babylon, the Babylonians tried to make these young men look as they were. Also, the young men were trained to serve in the royal court. Therefore, they needed to be careful to do something that was not desired by God.

10 Initiatively, something they were asked to do appeared to be nothing. The king ordered the various foods to be given to Daniel and the other young men. They know that they should not eat some of these foods because those foods are not clean in the eyes of God. (Dan. 1:5, 8)

They could have said, This isn't anything. As for us, we are the king's slaves, and therefore we have to do what he says. Also, if we do not do what the king says, he will bury us, and our case will be completely damaged. They had to decide whether to listen to the king or not.

At 11 time, many young men from France were being trained in Babylon. But only four of them said that they had remained faithful to the Lord. They are Daniel, Amnona, Mishael, and Box. These four friends helped each other to keep doing what was right and listen to God. They remained faithful to the Lord because they did not eat the king's food. Therefore, they are blessed by God.Dan. 1:6-12, 17.

12 As a youth, when other youths say to you what is wrong, do you sometimes feel like you have been listening to them? Daniel and his friends helped each other to make better decisions. Like them, you also select friends who are determined to remain faithful and not to be influenced by the world. (1 John. 2:15-17) Good Friends can help you to be honest even in little to be blessed and helpful to you. (Articles 16:10) And listening to God in things that appear to be non-contact will help you to be honest in challenging circumstances.

IN THE SYSTEMPAPAPACEO AND INSOCOS IN THE SYSTEMENT OF THE SYSTEMPIPTION OF THE SYSTEMPIPTIONS IN THE SYSTEMPIPTION OF THE SYSTECIPTIONS IN THE SYSTEMENT OF THE SYSTEMPIPTIONS IN THE SYSTEPTIONS IN THE WAWIALS OF THE SYSTECIPTIONS

13 Good friends assist each other in challenging situations. An incident.

9. How long did Daniel and the other young men in Babylon need to be cautious about it?

10. What was the first challenge faced by the young men of Judah?

11. How does Daniel and his friends help each other? (See also the photo on the cover of the cover.)

12. What will help youths to continue to do what is right?

13. What is Daniel's difficult situation with his friends?

20 CUBI-Lon

Daniel and his three friends highlight this. At one point, King Edward had a dream which made him very afraid. Therefore, he wants to understand the significance of the dream. This prompted him to lead the golfers to his face. He asked them to tell him about their dream and also interpret it. No human being can do what he asked them! (Dan. 2:3, 9-11) The King told them that they would not tell him the dream they would interpret would result in both they and the rest of Babylon. Daniel and his friends were among the Babylonian army. So when this incident happened, what did they do?

14 Daniel respectfully asked the king to give him some time to interpret his dream to the king. Daniel then finds his friends. He told them what had happened, and he told them to plead with the God above for clemency on this secret, so that they would not try to bring him and their face. (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah listened to the prayer they took from the heart. He released his dream to Daniel, who he interpreted. Daniel interprets the king's dream, and so none of them are executed. The king gave Daniel and his friends high chances in Babylon. Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

15 You can learn some good things from this. First, let's go through a difficult situation, you don't need to stand alone. Don't embarrass you for asking for help. Second, don't hesitate to tell people to pray for you about anything. (2 Kor. 1:11) Think about the extraordinary ways in which it can respond to others' prayers. The Communicator can help you to do what you think will be very difficult for you to do. (Article 65:2; Efe. 3:20) If we have friends who serve the Lord, we can be sure they will help us in difficult situations.Read 6:2 ofeks.

ADOPTION AND ADOPTION OF ALL THE DITIONS

There is a 16 friend who can help you at any time. It can help you even when you are alone. Do you know who it is? She is the Lord. Let's reconsider Daniel. Age of over 90 years

14. How did Daniel and his friends help each other? (See also photographs.)

15. What do we learn from Daniel's story? (Galians 6:2)

16. What happened to Daniel in his old age?

How did Daniel's friends help him in a difficult situation? (See paragraph 14)

If you see it, is it up to some point to time to celebrate God's friends? (Consember 18)

She was in trouble with a life she had tested for her faith. The rebel was at the time with the Persian occupying Bab-lon. And the new chief, Dario, has given Daniel high rank. Therefore, some men who served the king were very jealous, and they plotted to kill him. They sat with the king and made a decree to no one to pray for a god but the king. But Daniel continued to offer a prayer to God, and he was thus thrown into a caveat of lions. Here is Daniel in the village of lions who has nowhere close to him to help him. But is it true that nobody has his or her seat?Dan. 6:4-16.

The 17th Daniel 6:19-23 provides for the conclusion that Daniel had not been alone. (Read.) Yes, God, who is the best friend of a person, let his angel plant Da-niel come from the lions. During the morning when the State-General Dario went to the lions' bodyguard, Daniel told him: "My God sent my witness and he came to the mouth of the jackets, . . because in front of him, no evil will be found in me. (Dan. 6:22) While Daniel's life was in danger, he continued to focus on his greatest friend, Jehovah, which gave him the courage.

17. What caused Daniel to be brave during his life in danger? (Daniel 6:19-23)

18 Do you feel jealous of having a long distance from your friends and family? For example, maybe you have arrived at serve in a very isolated place, or you have to move to another location. Or may you be ill, or you may be imprisoned for serving God. Such situations can make you feel stressed or feel like there is no one who can help you. But never forget that you have a friend who will not leave you. Jehovah knows exactly what you mean, and he can help you protect you no matter where you are. (Articles 139:7-10) Believe that Jehovah sees you and will help you.

you will become jealous

19 today, it is very important to have good friends. Why? Because the Bible shows that, in the last days, we need good friends. As an example, the Angel Paul spoke of the time leading up to the day of the Lord saying: "Keep on encouraging one another, parking one another together.

18. (a) Why is it important to have a contact with God? (b) And how does the statement in the parenthey Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend can help you to be a close friend? (Checks also.)

19. Today, why is it so important to have good friends? (1Pass 5:2, 11)

22 BUU-Lon

but. (Read 1 Palestinians 5:2, 11.) Angel Peter also commented on the last days saying: Titri, don't mind each other with strong affection. 1 Pet. 4:7, 8.

20 best friends are gifts from God, and they need us more than ever. Therefore, make friends as Daniel did. Find people in your community who are like Jeremiah who can encourage you to learn from them. Get along with friends who will help you to remain faithful to God. Don't be ashamed to ask people to pray for you when necessary. Above all, don't forget that, Jehovah is your best friend. He will never leave you. (Defense. 13:5) Therefore, if the Lord is our biggest friend, we will help each other to remain faithful to him and to make good friends with one another forever.

20. What kind of friends do you want to have? And if we choose good friends, what will happen?

What will be accomplished in the presence of the Book of God: Daniel and his friends help to keep doing what is right, and to be honest.

Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend

Is it hard for you to see Jehovah as your father or someone you can trust? If so, try to do something every day to make you feel better.

> Pray: Talk to Him in prayer; he wants to hear what you have to say.

> Find your time for Jehovah: Read the Bible and think about it, and listen to what the Lord tells you. Learn what he wants and dislikes, how he helped people in the past and how he can help you.

> Keep calm: Remember that interacting with someone takes time to trust you to become friends. Therefore, continue to do something that will make you feel better with God because he wants you to be his friend.

For further details, see the Information Young People AskSpecific Sites That Can Help You, Volume 2, chapter 35

How can we combat the spread of cholera in Ghana? . .

How can we ensure that we are doing what is right?

How long do we have to be in critical condition?

How long do we feel when we are feeling stressed or left alone?

I am glad to do Your Will

CENTO 2822JANUARY 3, 2027

Read the Daily Text

They clean the language, and every day they dig the scriptures thoroughly.BrF. 17:11.

ROP 162 Man Must God

WHAT IS NOT learned

This article will help us to understand why we need to take time to read the daily scripture and will advise us on how we should do it.

In 1905, the organization of Jehovah produced a book that was written for each day and for division from the Zion's Watch Tower. This helped the brothers to read a piece of scripture every day in the year. This document was used by Jehovah's people until 1927. The Daily Writing and Classification from Protection are then added to the Year Book. * Annual Book is produced. Therefore, every year various scriptures and divisions are posted, allowing the brothers to have more scripture to think about.

2 As of 1986, the congregation began to produce a booklet called the Daily Review of the Scriptures, which contains the daily text. This edition is currently translated into over 300 languages. You can also earn a daily memo when you open a JW Library® app, Protect ADOPORTORTM (wol.four.org), or the Vital Library.

3 Because we don't have time to spend, it can sometimes be hard for us to read the daily scripture. Therefore, in this lesson, we will answer three questions. These are: What is a story in the Bible that can encourage us to read the daily scripture? Why is it good to read the daily scripture? And how can we do it?

* There was a lack of a Year Book in some languages including Ga. But every month, the texts are written for each day of the month and for your conservation, in respect of that month.

1-2. What did the organization of Jehovah do some time to ensure that every day, the brothers have a certain amount of scripture on it? Today, where can we find the daily scripture?

3. Why can it sometimes be hard for us to read the daily scripture? And which three questions will be answered in this study?

24

ADOPTION AND ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

The text on which the study was based shows that, the Jews in GBI wanted to understand the meaning of the scripture. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Bible shows that these individuals were extremely happy with Paul's resurrection. Therefore, the Bible says they have a "good attitude." They attributed Paul's presentation to what they had read in the text, which gave them the impression that Paul's teachings were true. We do the same when we go to a meeting, convention, or district meeting. During these meetings, when the speaker is reading the scriptures, we are following him in our Bible. We do that to make sure that the speaker's statements are true.

5 [The British] majority came to believe in the Lord. (Bef. 17:12) But soon some Jews who persecuted Paul in Thessalonica came to the United States to speak negatively about Paul, leading many of the citizens to become Christians. (Bef. 17:13) But that doesn't keep the hearts of the children who have become Christians apart. Having studied the scriptures on a daily basis, they were convinced that they had found the truth, which helped them to endure. Also, by learning the scriptures daily, we will strengthen our faith and be able to stand under challenging circumstances.

WHAT DO THE CARE OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION?

We read the daily scripture because we want to make sure that we love it.

4. What did the people of India do when Paul preached to them? (Article 17:10, 11)

5. How do the youths benefit from the text and study it daily?

6. Why should we read the daily scripture? (See the boxline The Daily Religious Actions referred to in the Bible.)

Daily Religious Activities discussed in the Bible

• The Mosaic Law required priests to sacrifice daily.2 Mo. 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the Edict and think about it "from day to night." 1:8.

• Jehovah ordered the Israeli kings to write a copy of his Constitution in a deed to themselves and read it daily.5 Mo. 17:1820.

• The composer of Song 1 encouraged us to enjoy reading the Word of God "from day to night." Music 1:1-3.

• Daniel three prayers per day.Dan. 6:10.

• The letter of Revelation says that the crowd serves Jehovah in her church house "from day to night." 7:15.

We respect it. We are our God, so it is very important to do something for him every day. Jehovah loves us and wants us to live forever. (Cort. 3:16) The Bible shows that when we do something for God's day to show our love and respect for him, he is happy. Many brothers have found that reading the daily scripture encourages them to take time to read and take good care of the Bible.

OTOBER 2026 25

7 We read the daily scripture because doing so means taking our time seriously. (Read Ephesians 5:15, 16.) It is very good to take a moment to learn how to think clearly, and to be influenced by the way Jehovah, our loving Father, thinks. There is nothing we can do for a better day.

8 We read the daily scripture because it helps us to cope with the challenges we face in the day to day. Jesus said that Every day has its own troubles. (Mat. 6:34) Jesus knows that we will face many challenges. But he also told us, we can be sure that Jehovah knows our circumstances and needs. (Mat. 6:2532) Reading daily scripture helps us to avoid overloading our concerns. Rather, let us focus on the things that the Lord is doing to help us. (Song 68:19; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7) For example, a 19-year-old sister became very concerned about a past offence, since she was not convinced that she was pardoned by God. Therefore, he prayed and asked Jehovah to make her sure she gave her a pardon. Then he read the daily scripture. The text is composed of Article 86:5, which reads: "You are the Lord, and you are very good to forgive; your unchanged love is high for all those calling upon you." He said: "At the same time, I am glad, and I am very grateful to him for letting me know that he loved me. That experience encouraged me to read the daily scripture daily.

9 The daily scripture often reminds us to trust in God when we are facing challenges. (Sept 3:5, 6) For example, on the day of the outbreak of the war between Russia and Ukraine, the everyday scripture took a part of the scripture of Isaiah 30:15, saying: If you remain calm and rely on me you will have power. This scripture was comforting to the brothers in Ukraine. Eduard said: "This feeling gives us a new life. My wife and I read it together that morning together. After that, we pray, and we felt that they had helped us not worry too much. Svitlana said: The 30:15 mark is very helpful for us. Let's keep thinking about the war.

10 We read the daily scripture because it helps us to stand and maintain our integrity. As servants of God, we must differ from those of our school and those of ours. We also need to preach Bible truths to people, and continue to serve God even if people oppose us. And we need to be bold before we can do all this. When God appointed Joshua to lead the Israeli people, he told him three times to be courageous and courageous. Also, he told Joshua to read the letter of law daily because it would help him to be very brave. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) If we read the daily scripture, as well as the Bible daily, it will strengthen us to remain faithful.

We read the daily scripture because it helps us to serve God better. When Timothy was young, Paul helped him to think about some things he could do to be able to serve God better. He encouraged him to be exemplary in speech, conduct, love, faith, and sanitation. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) Reading the daily scripture helps us to see what we can do to serve God -

78. What are some other reasons why we should read the daily scripture? (Article 5:15, 16)

9. How does a daily post help our brothers in Ukraine?

10. Why do we need to be bold? And what will help us to be bold? (Article 1:6-9) (See also the images.)

11. How can reading the daily scripture help us to serve God better?

26 BUBI-Lon

If we read the Bible daily, it will make us very confident.

(See paragraph 10)

Mechanism. This will allow the Lord to control us with his spirit and to think like he is, and we will be very grateful for everything we do.Rom. 8:5, 6.

We read the daily scripture because it helps us develop the qualities that will enable us to do some of the tasks in the organization. There are a number of activities to do in the organization of Jehovah, and there is a need for strong brothers, who want to do these things. For example, there is a need for regular pioneers, foreign ministers, sponsors at Bethel, sponsors to build the houses of the organization, and sponsors in translation offices. There is also a need for qualified, humble and capable youth to serve as ministerial officers, executive officers, and regional officers. Jehovah wants for reliable, exemplary brothers who know how to use Bible standards to lead in the organization. (5 Mo. 1:1315) If you read the daily scripture in addition to other forms of worship you perform daily, you will be able to develop the qualities that will enable you to do some of the tasks performed in the organization of God.

How TO WE DO ADOP ADOPTION OF ADOPTION?

Here are 13 suggestions that will help you as you read the daily scripture. Before the arrival of the siblings in Bethel, the whole of the members of the family discussed the daily scripture. One of them stood by them, voluntarily opening it short before they started. You, too, before you begin to write the daily scripture, you can pray and ask Jehovah to help you take advantage of what you are going to do with reading it. (Yak. 1:5) Then read the text and its fragmentation. After you are done, you can ask yourself such questions as: How can this scripture strengthen my faith? What do I learn about God that will make me feel better? How can it help me to solve the challenges I may encounter today? If you may read a daily memorandum with your family or friends, then you can talk about it, and express interest to each other.

12. What has been the case in the organization? And why should we try to do it?

13. What tips can help you as you read your daily scripture?

OPOBER 2026 27

What will help you to avoid distractions while reading the daily scripture? (See paragraph 18)

in. (Rom. 1:12) Some people have found that when they meet a goal they have in mind of daily scripture, it helps them think about it all day.

14 Here are also other suggestions that can help you to take full advantage of the day-to-day scripture: (1)Under and focus on the goals of the classification. (2) Read the scriptures quoted in the split. (3) Open the text on the daily scripture from it, and read that full title. (4) Read the information quoted in the Research Journal for Jehovah's Witnesses on that date's note. (5) The other verses of the reading of the lessons omitted by the day-to-day scripture. If you read the daily scripture on your head, you can click on the protection project quoted at the end of the split to open the study for you. *

The 19-year-old sister Mackenzie suggests what helps her to remember what she is reading in the daily scripture. He said: "I am trying to add some time to my daily writing schedule when it's five-minute

* The year and month of Protection is determined, as well as the page and clauses that have been separated from them.

1415. What other recommendations can help us to benefit from the daily scripture? And what will help us to remember the daily scripture?

Not even a person. That is why I am doing it very quickly. Also, that helps me to remember the scripture and the depth of it, and so I remember what I read.

16 When should you read the daily memorandum? Choose a better time for you or your family. For example, some families do their daily daily scripture before eating their cooking, when they have eaten their cooking food, or they do it before the children leave for school. They put a copy of the scriptures we've been reading for every book in a place where it is easy to find it, to forget that they're reading it. In fact, things that are not expected to happen sometimes. If that happens, everyday scripture will need to be read separately in the day.

It is good to set a certain time to read the daily scripture, because if you don't, you might not read it at all. John, a 16-year-old, said: "If you don't see the daily scripture and read it as one of the most important things you have to do in the day, it's easy to forget." 25-year-old Sierra said: If I wake up in the morning, I am trying to make it--

16. When should you read the daily memorandum?

1718. Why is it good to set a certain time to read the daily scripture? And what can help you do that? (See also photographs.)

28 BUU-Lon

first made the daily memo to focus on other things I've had in the day. And 21-year-old brother, Elisabeth, also said: "I'm not going to go back to visit my house to remember me and I'm reading the daily scripture.

18 daily, try to read the daily scripture during your schedule. Don't let anything distract you. 19-year-old Isabelle said: "Be determined that you will not be watching something on your paper or doing anything on it until you read the daily scripture. If you notice that when you read the daily scripture on your corner, the other things on your paper distract you, then do it with the paper itself. 19-year-old Olivia said: One of the helps me to read the daily scripture regularly is reading it with others like my family or friends. If you have someone who will remember you or someone you will read together, it is very easy to do it regularly.

ARTICLE OF THE SYSTEPTION OF THE SYSTEPTION OF THE SYSTEPTION

19 Parents, if you take the day to day's scripture with your children, will test for them and will do their whole life. Sometimes your children are too young to understand anything better, but because you always do it with them, they will see it as something you need to do. For example, when a fronds is planted and clean, it grows to become a big tree. Similarly, regular interaction with your children on a daily basis will gradually strengthen relationships with the Lord.Read Filipino 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: Not only by food should a man live by himself, but by whatever language comes from the mouth of the Lord. (Mat. 4:4) We shall have a day to celebrate and enjoy our food. If so, see if you see it as very important to learn the word of God daily, right?

19. Why do parents need to take the day to day to day scripture with their children? Explain an example. (Article 1:9, 10)

20. Why is it important to study God's Word daily?

How will you become an expert in the decision?

For what reasons should we read the daily scripture?

What are some suggestions that will help us to take advantage of the daily scripture?

What are some suggestions you make when applying, reading the daily memorandum?

July 94

We owe God's Speech.

What Is Your Place?

When Jehovah's Witnesses got to study, what caused you to know that you have found the same faith, which is one of the only ways God wants us to worship him? (Efe. 4:4-6) Did you join the effort of Jehovah's people as you see love among them? Did you enjoy them because of their well-being? Most people like to associate with their parents because they feel safe and loved by Jehovah's people. That should be the case because what true Christians are going to know is love and morality. 13:35; 1 Pet. 2:12.

If you get along with your breasts, then if a witness of yours does something that upsets you, or does something that doesn't mean love, or does it make a very serious mistake like the man Paul spoke to in the ancient congregation in KRA, will you continue to associate with the rest of your people? (1 Kor. 5:1. If the way people respond to your concerns are the key to your faith, then there is a conflict of interest. If so, what should your faith depend?

How can you feel about your friend?

If the facts in the Bible are based on your faith, the longer you learn more about themselves will strengthen your faith. Here is a rumor that shows that.

At one time, most of Jesus's disciples stopped following him. what happened? Jesus then said that they should eat his flesh and drink his blood before they can live, and they will not enjoy what he said. They argued: This is a difficult word. What Jesus said bothered them so much that they stopped following him. 6:56-60, 66.

Later, Jesus asked his apostles: "Do you want to go? Peter responded by saying: "Lord, whom are we going to get here? You have the words of life. Today, we believe and also know that you are the Holy person from God. 6:6769.

Why did Peter and the other apostles resent anger and stop following Jesus? This is because, their faith is based on something good, not just how they feel. Peter said: "As for us, we have believed and also come to know that you are the Holy person from God. They do not know what they believed and why they believed. They compared Jesus' words and actions with what they learned in the text, and they were too convinced that Jesus was the Messiah. For this reason, their faith became strong, and so when the people stopped following Jesus, they did not.

What do we learn from this? What we know is far more powerful than how we feel about it. Why? Because the things we learn in the Bible, like the ways of God, his promises, and the ransom, do not change. People's comments

30 CUBI-Lon

or they can affect us, but that doesn't change the facts in the Bible. Therefore, if we believe in the facts contained in the Bible, we are sure that, the fact is, the fact of the fact that the fact is, then, what someone would say or would do for us to stop serving God.

Of course, the love of our brothers and their well-being makes us happy. But if we are not disturbed by someone's actions, our focus on the Bible truths we are learning will strengthen our faith, and we will believe that the congregation we live in is the only congregation of our members to worship God in a way that he wants to worship. And the mistakes that a few people have made never changed.

If we study the Bible regularly, we will believe in the facts that we have learned. And that will make it clear to us that we worship God in the right way. When it happens like that, our faith will be strong and people will not be overwhelmed by words or deeds. Article 16:8; see the kent of the Book You Should Sit in.

If the way that people make you feel is the key thing that your faith is based on, then there is a lot.

You are going to sit in the pain.

Imagine, you are going to a long distance to a nice place. When you start your trip, you are no doubt happy.

But as you go, some of the passengers do some things that upset you. Some of them may have made a noise or a bucket of blood not guilty. But that doesn't mean that the buses you have to sit in. The important thing to do is sit in and reach your destination.

In the same way, we all are travelling to the new world that has been promised by God, and we are very excited that we are in his congregation. But sometimes some of the brothers will do something that will affect us or that of a brother we so respect wouldn't be a very bad thing, which will surprise us. Nevertheless, let's say, we have a chance to go to the new world, which means, we are in the only congregation to go to the new world. Therefore, if we strongly believe the truths we have learned in the Bible, and we are sure that the organization of Jehovah has directed us to these truths, we will continue our journey. And nothing will happen to our faith.

OTOBER 2026 31

BUNA-SEREERERE IN ALL ADAFI October 2026 Vol. 147, No. 11 GA

Chegom

Jehovah helps those who trust in Him.

Emma serves as a company member of a hotel. He spends three days in the week, and on each day he spends nine hours. He once asked his boss for permission to retire one day to be able to attend a district meeting. But he didn't accept his apology, instead he told her that if she was going to work on that day, she would work for five days in the week and that if she couldn't stop it, she would drop it out. Emma believed that he would be well taken care of by God, so he decided to quit his job, and he attended the meeting.

When Emma went to the hotel to take the job walk-up, the hotel manager was there. When he heard what happened, he promised Emma to work for her. However, two weeks later Emma was informed that she had been fired. Some time later, Emma met the hotel manager again. When he got to know that Emma was fired, he was very angry. He ensured that Emma was hired again in the project. During this time, he was assigned five days of work in the week, but every day he would work for only four hours. This is better than it was before, because it gave him the opportunity to join the pioneering sector and other projects for God. Yes! He addressed his case even more than he expected.

BUNBI-SESSIONS

1926100 Years ago 2

Study for December 7-13 6 made sure you are holding a job

Study for December 14-20 12 Don't Get What You Can't Say Of the Wonder Things Going On Today

Study for December 21-27 18 Good Friends will help you to Serve Jehovah better

Article for December 28January 3 24 Reading daily

What Is Your Place? 30

This form has not been sold. It is part of a global Bible education initiative that is funded by voluntary donations. If you want to make a donation, please attendww.four.org.

Unsigned texts are from the Holy See.

The Sip (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2022 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J3484, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

visit the brain.org website, or this symbol

JW.ORG ®

w26.10-GA