JUNE 2026

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

ADESUATIONS: AUGUST 10–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

DWOM 122 Publishing,

What this learning will tell us about every kind of test we face, no matter how it may be, we can remain faithful to our God.

When faced with temptation, how can we remain faithful to our God?

“ Lord, who are we going to visit? You have the words of life forever.”—YOH. 6:68.

For a time, Jesus was teaching a lot of students at Kaper-naum. At one point, he told them: “If you don’t eat the flesh of the human being and you don’t drink his blood, you don’t have life in yourselves. Whoever eats my body, and drinks my blood, I will give him my life forever, and I will give him my death at the last day.” (John. 6:53, 54) When the disciples heard that news, many of them said: “This matter is hot; who can listen to us?”—John. 6:60.

2 The people who were so upset that they abandoned Jesus. Did they do that because of lack of faith? No. Because before this event, Jesus had done something. What he did surprised the students, saying: "No, this is the coming Prophet of the world." (John. 6:14) Thus those disciples apparently believed in Jesus, but when something happened to their faith, they abandoned following him.

3 From the beginning, Jesus' disciples continued to associate with him. Jesus asked them if they too wanted to abandon him. Peter answered: " Lord, who will we go to? You have the words of life forever. We have believed that, and we will see that you are the Nine.

1-2. What happened while Jesus was teaching in Kapernaum?

3. What did Jesus say about it, and what was the problem? (See also picture.)

2

Although many of the disciples abandoned following Jesus, Peter and the other disciples continued to follow Jesus

(See paragraph 3)

the holy one from God.” (John. 6:68, 69) Jesus' saying that his body should be eaten and taken in his blood was probably misunderstood by Peter and the other apostles, but they decided to continue following Jesus. Why are you staring? Because they were determined that Jesus was "the Christ sent forth by God. ”—Luca 9:20, 35.

4 Though we are serving Jehovah, some events can happen to put us to the test. For example, how do we behave if our understanding of a biblical event or how we do business? Or if we are in a very difficult situation, let us say to ourselves that, Why didn’t Yaw do something about it? Also, if a close friend of ours or a respected person does something for us, that can also put us at trial.

4. What are some of the things that can test us?

5 We need a very strong faith in order to endure temptation. For example, suppose someone wants to build a house where thunder-shadows often happen. If the foundation wasn't strong and the ground floor collapsed, the roof would collapse. We too, on the other hand, may have challenges like those listed in the four passages, excepting that our faith is so strong that we are able to endure in the face of danger. If we continue to strengthen our faith, no matter what challenges may come in our ways, we will stand firm and remain true to Yes-howa.—1 Cor. 15:58; read 1:23 plaintiffs.

Many of Jesus' disciples abandoned following him, but the apostles did not. What helped them? The apostles were very convinced that he deserved to be worshipped, because he was the creator of all things. They also believed that Jesus is the Son of God,

5. Why do we need strong faith, let's explain it with a diagram. (Colose 1:23)

6. Why did the disciples not stop following Jesus?

JUNE 2026

3

He is the one who has "every word of life." Besides, they were aware that Jesus was often stalked by God in everything. At this point, rather than talking about the various problems we can face, let’s focus on three key facts. This will help us to stand our ground despite any challenges. The facts to discuss are as follows: (1) Everything was created by the Lord. (2) The Bible is written by Jehovah. (3) Jehovah is fond of being with people. If we believe all these facts, there is no problem with keeping our worship to God.

LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING

7 Read Apocalypse 4:11. This text reminds us that all things are created by God. Even this fact alone shows that he is fit to be served. Also, considering his immense power of influence, it gives us the assurance that he can intervene and save us if we are faced with temptation. But Satan has often refused to mislead people into thinking that God does not exist. Some scientists completely conclude that the world is the source of everything. So it is very important that we acknowledge that we are loved by God and by him. If we do that and face some challenges, we may be surprised at the fact that, God does not exist at all, and that, he will not help us. 11:6.

8 If you are going to get the idea that it wasn't for him to succeed, stay at all. Be determined to do research in our literature, and you will find more evidence that God is the creator of all things. Would you get more like that for Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking the booklet. You'll have further evidence in a series titled, “Did they Play?” inside. Available on jw.org. Sister-

7. What is the meaning of prophecy 4:11, but what can we find if we are faced with temptation?

8-9. What should you do if there is no God? (See also picture.)

constellation: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; cat and car: Mercedes-Benz USA; plane: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

Have you possibly read Was Life Created? The booklet is old, but you can repeat it (See paragraph 8)

“After reading the Origin of Life booklet, it convinced me very much,” says a girl named Jessica in the United States. I knew this story already, but when I read the book, it really struck me with my doubts about the existence of a God.” You Can Always Be Happy! The book, the 6th and 7th lessons have also helped many people. You may have read these books before, but you may also read them once more.

9 Therefore, proof of God's existence can be used in further investigation by your next private study. Research will help you to strengthen your belief that God exists and will also help you to know him well. (Roman. 1:) Also, you can help those who assume that God does not exist. How long are we going to keep whimpering about that? That is, he has created a lot of things, and all of them prove his existence.

THE BEGINING THE LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. Jehovah has given us the book. The most interesting questions are found in the Bible. It also allows us to see what our desires are and what he desires from us. We believe that the Bible is written by God, so there is no book that is more important than the Bible in our lives. Therefore, what we read in the Bible should be understood positively and try to improve the way we live.

11 Why Can We Trust the Lord

10. Why is the Bible so important to us? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. What is your belief that the Bible is written by God?

And does he let the Bible be written? We have plenty of evidence. Among other things, the history of the past, including the history of the Bible, is all true. (Luca 3:1, 2) When it's talking about creativity, it's also perfectly clear. (Hioob 17:7) Though Satan has tried to make the Bible disappear, his efforts have been free. Why is it? For, no book on earth is translated into many languages and people have one more than the Bible. The Bible was written by some 40 people, which lasted about 1,600 years before its completion, but their texts fit perfectly. Although it has been written long, its advice has helped millions of people today. (Mmeb. 13: 20; 15:21; Mat. 7: 12) Moreover, many of the predictions in the Bible have come true. This is also evidence that we can rely on the Bible. (Yos. 23:14) Indeed, the Bible is definitely written by God!

12 If we sometimes wonder if the whole book is written by God, what should we do? We need to talk about it to Jehovah about it and about it researching it. Let's take a look at a younger brother whose name is Jordan, whose parents lived in the way of truth. “I don’t need to hear anything,” he says, “but I don’t believe it,” he says. I need to find out if that's what I'm going to do. The truth is, even though I can't think clearly about something. In that case, I try research in our books, so that I get answers to my questions and give them ideas.

12. What should we do if the Bible is not written by God at all?

JUNE 2026

5

Jehovah's Witnesses are different, for we are united by love and unity (see verse 16).

I feel honored.” Continuing to look for evidence that the Bible is written by God will strengthen our faith.—1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

Jehovah Lengments His People

13 Even though a servant of the Lord might ask, is it true that he is true? If you have such a tendency, stay away from it at all; take action early. You might ask yourself the following questions: ‘Who is trying hard to live up to Bible advice? Which religion is all based on the Bible?' (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) 'Who are doing the will of the Lord today?'—Mat. 7:20, 21.

14 Jesus said there would be good news of the Kingdom in all over the world in the time of the end. We don’t ask, ‘Who are they doing that thing?’ (Mat. `14)

13. Even though we seem to be prejudiced against religious beliefs, what are we supposed to do?

14. What are the witnesses of the Lord who have caused the death of Jesus?

The answer is easy. It is likely that God is using his Witnesses to carry out the campaign. We are the only ones talking about the good news about God's kingdom in over 240 countries. We have been doing this work for over 100 years. As a matter of fact, this evangelical work is of more significance to us than anything else.—Mat. 18:19, 20.

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Asamoah 43:10. The name of God is upon us, and we are proud to be called by his name, Jehovah's Witnesses. Most people in the world don't know that name, but for us, wherever it should be in the Bible, it has been reintroduced. The name Jehovah appears more than 7,000 times in the Bible.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. Today, when you look at the world, hate and division

15. What has been done by Jehovah's Witnesses to help reduce the name of God? (Mateo 6:9; Jesiah 43:10)

16. Why can we say that the article in John 13:34, 35 is used by Jehovah's Witnesses? (See also picture.)

6 OWN-ABAN

alone. But as for Jehovah's Witnesses, we are different because we are united by love and unity. We come from different countries and speak a lot of languages, and each of us has a different culture. But we try to keep peace and love in our relationships. Have you ever been on a cruise to study abroad? If so, then you see more love and cooperation among brothers. In all this, it is clear that, indeed, through his witnesses, he is doing his will today. If we reflect on this issue, no matter what test we may come up with, we can be honest with our God.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS IN DAGBANE

17 We live in the time of the end, so things will be very difficult for all of us. (2 Tim. 3:1,13 Besides this, we can also encounter other problems. For example, the family of Jehovah might make a decision, or they might give a direction that we do not understand. Or a brother may do something for him to do so for us. In some cases, we may not even notice what we are not doing and may even change our mind.

All of them, we can remain faithful to our God. Why is it? Because we believe that the Bible is written by God and that he is behind his people. For this reason, the next thing Peter said to Jesus, we can say to him: “Who are we going to? You have the words of life.”

17-18. What potential dangers are faced, and what>>tw-en<< What kinds of problem can we put our trust in?

LOTVITION Page 6: A sister and her daughter are on the way to a bus, and they are happy to see some of their siblings, Jehovah's Witnesses, doing the work.

When we come across a test, how can these three key facts help us?

Jehovah created all things

Jehovah lets the Bible be written

Jehovah is fond of following people

DOM 123 Thank You for God's Order

AUGUST 17-23, 2026

Promote DWOM 90

What this learning will talk about if a misunderstanding or misunderstanding arises between us and our siblings is what we can do.

How to Continue Communion with Our Brothers

Wear compassion, kindness, humility, calmness, and patience.”—KOL. 3:12.

"Today, we need a lot of comfort in this evil world. Jehovah knows that our friends may attack us. Do you remember those words? Our song, “Good Friend,” is the song we begin with. How glad we are that he has made good friends in his society! (Dw. 63) We are a lovely family united to serve God.

2 Friends that we want to have with our siblings should not be just fun. It should instead be air-conditioned. But we must remember that such friendships are not free; they are work in them. We are family members that love God and Jesus and that love has formed between us. (John. 13:35) Also, because of the nearby and late trees, two people with a bad friendship, although issues can arise.

3 The truth is that, it is not really that we want some more than others. Why is it? For instance, we may be attracted to their habits or interests. But there may be some that make it difficult for us to make friends. sometimes, we will not agree with them, and that can lead to issues. We may be very different from those of them, so it may be difficult to visit or share our interests with them. At times, some of our fellow Christian may have been very sick, or may have been affected by a problem. In that case, it may delay our friendship. In this article, we will look at how it is done.

1. Where will we make good friends? 2. What should be our friendship with our siblings? 3. Why is it so difficult to make friends with our siblings?

8

Jesus' example can help us as issues arise between our brothers. Before we proceed, however, let us consider some good qualities that can help us to keep our relationships with our siblings open.

A good behavior can help us keep putting off our debt with our brothers.

4 To maintain friendships with our siblings we must pay attention to their good behaviour. Socializing with our siblings will help us to see the good in them. The Minister Paul wanted to visit and associate with his siblings. For example, he wrote to the people of Thessalonica: “We made every effort to see your face”, (1 Tes. 2:17) Some have found that, what makes their friendship so successful is that they meet face-to-face to face-to-face conversations. Thus, going to the field, studying or attending school, can have many opportunities with our siblings. However, mere fights with our siblings may not resolve the problem.

5 If issues arise between us and our siblings, good manners can help us to deal with them. (Read 3:12.) If we display humility, patience, kindness, and compassion, we can put up with any problems with our siblings. Just as oil improves the growth of our vehicles, good manners also help us to resolve any problems that arise between us and our siblings. We will look at three challenges that can make it difficult to keep our relationship with our siblings open. In each case, we will learn how to imitate Jesus's humility, patience, kindness and compassion. This will help us to keep up our environment with our siblings.

When you're in contact with someone you don't agree with

6 Why can it lead to trouble? If two people disagree on a subject, you might look at it and believe that its meaning is good. We don't think two brothers are organizing for a party. This is how we do it, it is also that we do it this way. Each of them thinks the mind is better than the other person. This was nothing but a coincidence, but did you see that their misunderstanding could have contributed to problems and damaged their relationship? Failure to look at the matter may result in one being angry with the other. Because of this little thing, then look at it so that there is not much difference between them.

7 Learn Jesus' humility. Jesus explained to his disciples that if they were not willing to agree on a matter, it could help them to resolve. His disciples frequently argued about who was the greatest one among them. That behavior was very common among them. So Jesus made it known that, if they could eradicate that behavior, they would consider others superior. (Mat. 20:25-28) Even after his death, Jesus made a “model” for his disciples; he humble himself and washed their feet. This work is done by servants.

4. How can we maintain friendships with our siblings?

5. How can we resolve any disputes between our brothers? Define an analogy. (Colose 3:12)

6. What potential dangers are associated with conflict of interest?

7. How did Jesus help his disciples to see the need for humility in the face of a problem?

JUNE 2026 9

If you humble yourself, you will respect and apologize to minor issues that arise between you and your siblings.

(See paragraph 8)

(John. 13:3-5, 12-16) Jesus did this to teach them what they did, not to cause damage to others. If others are perceived as being superior to them, and if they disagree on a subject, they will not be drawn away; instead they will be left in the matter.

8 How can you keep your relationship with your siblings open? If you humble yourself, you will respect and apologize to minor issues that arise between you and your siblings. (Read 3:13.) If you disagree with someone about a subject, humility will help you to avoid becoming angry. In that case, it will not allow you to hurt your relationship with him. (Dw. 4:4) Even if the person made bitter statements to you, remember that sometimes, we all can say some words to later regret ourselves. (Section. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself, ‘I strongly believe that I am the one who cares about my well-being, and our relationship, where is the most important one?’ You may agree with what he says to stop the discussion. Also, don’t talk about what happened, and don’t talk about it anymore.

9 If you have done nothing and you cannot repair it, keep your self-esteem. Don't take it seriously that you're right. (Read Propaganda 17:9; 1 Kor. 6:7) Keep in mind that you will not allow anything to harm your relationship. In this case, what many brothers do is consult with the person to resolve the problem. (Dw. »14) So, if you turn to the other person, you can say something like this: 'We made friends today; we shouldn't let this issue continue to bother us. Let's take a look at how it's done. Let him know that you have added something so that he or she will agree to it. And if your brother is also apologizing, humble yourself and accept his apology. (Luka 17:3, 4) Remember, you didn't go there to show what was sweet, and what

8. In case of minor issues, how can humility protect you and their relationship? (Colose 3:13) (See also picture.)

9. How can humility help you in doing so? (Presentation 17:9)

10 OWN-ABAN

his story is unpleasant. Instead, you went fighting and fix yourself and keep your friendship. 18:24.

CLEANLINESS OF THE HUMILITY OF THE SUBAN AND THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING TO THE LIVING LIVING LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING LIST

10 Why can it lead to problems? Some siblings also have differences in how we live and how we do it, so it may be difficult to make friends with them. There are some people who, according to their behavior, don’t care about us. Others, some of whom may not be well known, or for their training and culture, do not share with others, or are overexcited. For others, everyone looks different; we may want people, but others are shy.

11 Learn Jesus' patience. Jesus was able to make friends with people from different backgrounds. For example, the servant-in-law James and the apostle John once asked Jesus to grant them more office in his Kingdom. This shows that they favor people's image. (Mar. 10:35-37) But speaking-we are talking, Jesus had left the great position and many of his privileges on earth. (Filip. 2:5-8) We find that, the behaviour of the two apostles was very different, and that Jesus was different. Jesus, nonetheless, continued to suffer from James and John and others.

12 Jesus did not expect his apostles to do anything equal all the time. He knew that the idea that James and Yoa-and-so shared shared with most of the disciples was well-contained. (Mar. 9:34) Jesus understood them, because at the place where we raised them up, he also grew up. Where we raised them, they were also given positions and privileges. But Jesus was patient with them. He knew that if a tree that had planted years ago should not be planted in a single day, we would not judge it with a date. He thus knew that it would take time for his disciples to change that attitude.—Mar. 10:42-45.

13 How can you keep your relationship with your siblings open? If our siblings have a bad habit, we must continue to be patient with them. (Mmeb. 14:29) We all have some attitudes. Most of them, it may not be that they are bad; rather, they make us all seem different. So as we hear, if we don’t actually hate others, it makes us happy. (Read Ephesians 4:2) For this reason, we, when others have a character and feel bad about ourselves, should always be patient. For example, see how hard it is for a quiet-named or attractive person to connect with others, or to talk to them. Therefore, if we want a language or a hobby, we must be patient. Of course, not everyone can be very close to them, but we ought to remember that, even Christians, who are different from each other's characters, can work well together.

14 Patience will help us to focus on the good behaviour our brother-in-laws have. If we do so, it will be easy for us to be friends with our siblings who are different from us. For example, James and John wanted a position.

10. What can make it difficult to make friends with our siblings?

11. How was Jesus able to make friends with people from different backgrounds?

12. What helped Jesus to be patient with his disciples?

13. How can patience help us keep our relationship with our siblings calm? (Effician 4:2)

14. With patience, what will we focus on?

JUNE 2026 11

Good friends encourage and console their siblings by being kind to them (see verse 19)

great, but their actions show that they believed the existence of the Kingdom. Jesus saw that they had faith. So, too, if we look at the good in our siblings, we are mimicking Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 If we can befriend our siblings who are different from us in their characters, the most important thing is to ask for his help. When you are exposed to certain things that can make you anxious, ask in prayer and tell your friend that he or she will not give up on you if something happens to you. Remember that God created us, and he knows how we are all. So if you pray, be assured that God knows what will help you to continue to be patient with your siblings. Also, if you find out your patience are going to be in vain, ask for his holy spirit to help you control yourself.—Luca 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.

When Our Brothers Are Seeming AMANE

16 Why can it cause problems? When our siblings are suffering or they are going to-

Bullying can really provoke anger from comments or actions. For example, they may be quiet, or they may just be angry, or they may be in a hurry to do something we don’t understand. Others will say something or will do something to make us very sad. (Hiob 6:2, 3) What we are going through, we may not know all about it, so it may seem to us that they are showing themselves, or that they are disturbing.

17 Learn Jesus' kindness and compassion. Victims of adversity, Jesus felt pity for them, and he did something to help them; even those that he had never met before. For example, we don't use a blind person named Bartimeo. For a moment, he was sitting on the road and heard Jesus pass by; then he started suddenly so that he could catch sight of Jesus. Some of the people present asked him to be quiet, but all he was saying was behind his ear. Because he wanted Jesus to be sick, so he was finally making a lot of noise. What Bartimeo was doing must have offended some of the people. But he did say “show pity on Jesus.” (Mat. 20:34; Mar. 10:46-52) Jesus

15. How can we help our siblings who are different from us?

16. What potential dangers are associated with suffering or suffering?

17. As Jesus helped the blind man named Bartimeo, what do you learn from him?

12 ADOPTIONS-ABAN

Bartimeo was kind and praised for having faith in him. He finally made himself known.

18 How can you keep your relationship with your siblings open? Have compassion. If you have this tendency, you can ‘ comfort the brothers who suffer and suffer’ (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember that as a fellow worker, he is always there for his loved ones, not even 'during adversity.' (Mmeb. 17:17) Such a friend gains not only compassion to sufferers. Instead, he also comforts, gives encouragement to them, and takes specific steps to help them.

19 What specific measures can we take to show kindness and sympathy? It is true that, if a brother is suffering, we can’t end the experience, but we can sympathize with him and take action to help him relax some bit. (Mat. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) When talking about his problem, listen carefully to him, and if possible try to tell him a secret. (Mmeb. 12:25) Do not assume that you understand all of them. (Mmeb. 18:13) Try to be patient, and do not expect any success in what he says or does.—Efe. 4:32.

20 It is very nice to have many good friends in the community. But all of us are bad, and many of us have lived a bitter life, so we sometimes say or do things that we later regret. So if we do something to make our brothers happy and they are patient, they are merciful to us, they are kind to us, and they continue to make friends for us. So encourage all of us to be good friends.

20. What kind of friend do you want?

18. How can you help brothers who suffer? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. How can we show kindness and sympathy? (See also picture.)

PARTICTION Page 10: A brother with a blind eye and a younger brother is looking at how to work in a given territory, but they disagree. Later, they are going out together in the field.

WHAT Should You Play With Yourbrothers? 2. 2.

when you disagree with them on some point of view?

when and how a brother's attitude is different from that of a brother?

when your brother is suffering?

DWOM 124

We Can Be Faithful forever

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

DWOM 65 Forward Your Face!

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

How our group supports us.

How the Group System Helps Us

“I will praise [God] with all my heart at the meeting of the living.”—DW. 111:1.

DO you remember the day the officials agreed to be the publisher? That day, we believe you were very happy, because the brothers reporting the name of Jehovah in every part of the world joined them. (Dw. 148:1, 2, 12,13 On the same day, you may have joined a small group of few brothers; that is yours. The work entrusted to us by the Lord to preach the good news about the Kingdom “over all the earth” is supported by the various broadcasting groups.—Mat. 18:14.

2 The evangelical community that helps us to preach the good news, how do you know it? A sister named Wendyi says: “The movement I have made has helped me a lot. I have learned new ways to preach the gospel from members of my group, improving my teaching. Also, my team has helped me set many goals, and I can reach them, and I have made many good friends.” A brother named Rich recalled: “The opportunity I’ve got to serve as a team manager is precious to me. For example, if brothers help a person to urinate, then the manager gets a special opportunity to help the individual slowly make progress in the service of the Lord for many years.” A sister named Dinah also says: “You wouldn’t get along with Asamoah. As for my party members, they are like my family.”

* Some of the names have been changed.

1-2. How do some feel about the various platforms?

14

3 In this article, we will discuss three areas. First, we will look at what the role of the placard and its assistant are to help those in their respective placards. Next, we will learn how each of us can support his or her campaign. In the end, we will look at how our platform helped us.

ASENKA Group Director and Abolition

4 If the party manager is the head of the association, the board of directors appoints him to assist the brothers in his party to make progress in the service of the Lord. How does he do it? First, the individuals in his field are very appreciated. (Mmeb. 27.23) Being a caring shepherd, he often collaborates with members of his flock to see how things are going in their lives. He does so to teach his flock that he loves them and that he can help them stay closer to him. Also, they have the opportunity to do specific things for their benefit. (Mmeb. 12:25; Yes. »2; Yak. 2:15-17) Second, he helps every publisher in his team to participate more closely in the field of broadcasting. He headed the outreach, not to the end of the week. He is also accustomed to working with any publisher, and he is training. If for a reason he can't go there, he's sure he won't be able to do it.

* If there is no chief of the flock, the competent ministerial officer may be assigned to manage the team until an officer is received. The kidney minister who is responsible for the group is called a group minister because he is not an administrator in the society. Rather, it is guided by the executive branch anyway.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. (a) What is the chief role of the evangelical community officer? (b) What steps does a group manager take in helping his group members? (See box titled "What Can Support Group Managers.")

What Can Support Group Manager

• Keep the broadcasting convention short; it should not exceed seven minutes, so that brothers can have access to start the broadcasting process early.

• Try to participate in the field with all of your team members; those that for some reason are also less likely to attend broadcasting events. You may go out in time with such a person, or at some point in the evening.

• Always visit and encourage your team members. You can visit them at their homes, at the Kingdom Hall or anywhere else. You can also call them on the phone, or write them a letter to encourage them.

• Ancient brothers in order to be responsible in the society.

• In the event your team and other teams meet together to hold a field meeting, your team members are the only ones to take the lead with them in the field.

His assistant or other qualified brother will attend to him in his place. Third, he trains brothers who have been baptized to qualify for the responsibilities of the congregation. (1 Tim. 3:1) He kindly praises brothers in his party, and gives them Bible advice. Also,

June 2026 15

He trains them to be ministerial and executive officers in the society. Because the role of a group manager is very important, the officials ensure the appointment of the most suitable officer and the assignment is entrusted to him.

5 Certain factors may make it harder for a group manager to support its team members accordingly. Let's take a look at a brother whose name is Jörg. He is a team manager in an organization in Germany. He says: “To be able to do my job as a team manager and to do all the work that I have to do in the organization, it has sometimes been the case. That’s why, it’s hard for me to get in touch with all of my team members.” Let's take a look at a 70-year-old brother named Abel. Being an elder in Uganda, he says: “We don’t have enough leadership and ministers, so the various evangelisms in our society are numerous. For this reason, just as I wish to encourage every member of my team, I can't do that.” Obed, a senior member of the association in Suriname, also says: “I enjoy training others. It takes time and effort, however, and sometimes just before you realize the value of training others. Therefore, it is difficult for me to training others.” What can help such groups of trustees who face such challenges?

6 If possible, the evangelical groups must be smaller, so that the occupiers get to know their entire ecumenical members more fully, and help them solidify their beliefs. What if there are not enough elders in the society? In that case, the members of the flock can be brought to the attention of the members of the flock by the names of the elders.

An Executive officer can train a ministerial servant in his or her field; he or she may be able to supervise a field meeting (see paragraph 7).

some until they find an officer to hand over to him. When there are enough publishers in the group, it can be difficult for team managers to get a good look at their team. The main function of watchdogs is to help their siblings strengthen their faith. Thus, when the teams are smaller, it improves their performance.

7 If you are a team manager in a society where there are not enough elders, aim to train your assistant to help you take good care of the flock of God. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) hand over some tasks to your assistant. For example, at times you may be able to give him or her the chance to attend the meeting. You can join him in prayer and see what you can do to help the team progress. If you are going to visit the club to encourage them, it is better to go with your sponsor. Before you go, you don’t need to consider what you're going to do with it. Have a finish visit

5. What's the problem with some group administrators?

6. What's the best way for the teams to support the teams?

7. What can team management do to support all members of their team? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also picture.)

16 OWN-ABAN

If, too, the one who strives for it, and it must be done well, let it be known to him/her. As soon as you do so, he or she can also become a team manager. (2 Tim. 2:2) The experienced brothers in your group, you can also help them train you. For example, you can encourage the new ones and the new ones to join in the field. They can be helped to find out how to start conversations, and have a rehearsal and Bible study. Now, let’s look at three areas in which we all can contribute to the development of our platform.

HelpYour SYMPTOMS

8 Go on a picnic with your teammates. When you go out in the field with others, everyone gets encouragement from his or her partner. (Reading Romans 1:12.) Having a conversation with someone helps you gain the courage to bear witness. Also, in a dangerous area, you are exposed to cataracts. If you are not accustomed to your work, talk to your employer and ask him if he or she can change his or her days at work. Maybe he'll understand your request and make it known to you. (Neh. 2:4-6) If sickness or old age makes it difficult for you to move to a meeting, talk about it to your team manager. Maybe he will arrange for you to turn off some of the pop-up, after which he or she has given you a phone call or letter to testify. You're just a boy or a girl who doesn't like you.

Is it harder for you to go out in the day? If so, arrange for weekly activities with a member of your group. Your priorities in life may need to be changed and put the worship of Jehovah first. (Roman. 12:11; Kol. 4:5) If you do so, you and all of your team will benefit. So pray to God that, he will give you his “want and power”—Filip. 2:13.

9 Let's enjoy hospitality. Having an interest in hospitality enhances our ability to participate in business activities. (Reading Romans 12:13.) For example, we could have some of the various broadcasting groups to hold a meeting in our home. With some brewers, it is planned that whenever a speaker gets out of a place for a speech there, one group will eat together. Even in the event that the speaker cannot meet with them, some members of the group may want to meet to eat and organize. A special pioneer named Sarah says: “When I am inviting people to my home, I feel content, so I am okay. If I were to think that the food would be good or not, then I would focus on my siblings, whom I would talk to,” he said. Personalizing people to appearance in the community helps us to stay closer to God and to each other. 8:10; Ear. 20.35.

10 Pre-step. If we can speak and explain the good news, we will be happy to share it with our group forever.

8. What can you do to support your campaign? (Romans 1:12)

9. What can we do to make our class of good? (Romans 12:13)

10. What could we do if we need to effectivery engage in the field? (Words 1:5; 27:17) (See also picture.)

JUNE 2026 17

The smaller the group, the more we get to know the members of the group, and work with them in the field.

(See paragraph 10)

joint venture If you feel that you need to improve in some area of the field, share it with your team manager, who will do all in his power to help you. You can also talk about it with an experienced pioneer or publisher in your group to help you. (Read Propaganda 1:5; 27:17.) That's what a sister named Heather did. She is shy, but she says: “I asked a pioneer to help me with my gardening. He made me plan to go out with me all the time, and he kindly helped me. A friend of mine used to go to a conversation with him helped me learn from the Bible. I am glad to have been looking for help, because now I am going to enjoy the good work.” There are obviously many ways we can support our campaign.

How Your ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Help YOU

11 spiritual support. The platform helps us all in many ways. For example, through the outreach process, Jehovah provides encouragement and comfort to widows, orphans, young and old, as they are very dear to his heart. (1 Tes. 2:8; Yak. 1:27) When we are facing a problem, the team manager can encourage and comfort us. It also helps us to learn how to share the good news with our group and how to improve our teaching. The well-groomed brothers also provide training by the evangelical body, helping them to perform responsibilities in the society.—1 Tim. 3:10.

12 Wendy, aforementioned, has been helped by the placard system. “I found it difficult to persuade my father to join his group and join them for the weekend,” he says. But with me, I could go. A pioneer sister took me for her role in the field. What I learned from him has helped me in the company as well. For example, the advice in the Bible that my team manager had given me has helped me to this day.”

13 It brings us closer together. Partnering with our group brings us closer together in the field. (Filip. 1:27) Also because of the small size of the evangelical community, it can make it difficult for a person to be shy or aggressive.

11-12. What kind of spiritual support does the platform offer? Give experience.

13. What does the platform help us to stay close to each other? (See also picture in front of the Guardian-Government.)

18 OWN-ABAN

He easily made friends with the club. (2 Cor. 6:13) Even during bad times, such as when we are sick, confused, or mourning the death of a loved one, these friends can become our help. (1 Tes. 5:14) We know that friends are not only needed today; in the future we will need them more. (Mat. 00:0021) The problem we face may not subside, but we know that our siblings are there for us and that they will help us to cope.—Mmeb. 17:17.

14 When we are affected, we are helped. If an accident happens, some illness can happen to us, some disease can affect our brains or our eyelashes, or some financial loss, our team members help us. In the event of that incident, the Service Committee meets with the management of teams to see what they can do to help those in need of special support. Team managers lead to ensuring that each team member's whereabouts is identified, and to identify potential support. They might need medical care, food, water, shelter and clothing. Let's speak, and the group planning is very helpful to us!

15 As we have seen, the family of Jehovah is greatly affected. Even the top half of it contains billions of loyal angels. The portion here on earth also has more than nine million members, and there are some that are becoming affected. (Sak. 8:23; Reveal. 5:11) The most important thing of all worship to God in heaven and on earth is that many people will hear the good news about the kingdom of God. (Revenge. 14:6, 7) Let us all count ourselves to benefit from the platform system, because it helps us to do it with all our heart.—Dw. 111:1.

14. In the event of an unexpected disaster or crisis, how does our platform help us?

15. What do all of God's servants need?

Mobile Front: Two sisters in one group are going out in the field together.

How Would You Answer?

What steps are the group manager and sponsors responsible for helping their group members?

What can we do to support our campaign?

How does the placard system help us?

DOM 61 Witnesses, Go Before You!

AUGUST 31–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

DOM 89 Listen to and Profit God's Word

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

When it comes to learning or meeting, why and how should we listen more to the program?

Pay attention to Your Listening

“Take good care of your hearing. ”—LUKA 8:18.

Today, he has given us a lot of spiritual food. For this reason, we agree with David on his comment: “We are my shepherd. I'm not going to need it. ”—Reading 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One way that God gives us spiritual food is by teaching us under study. When we go to class, there are a lot of things we hear that aren't new. But even if we 'valuation in the truth' we need to be reminded. (2 Pet. 1:12) The things we already know, if it happens that they are talking about that, is it hard for you to pay attention to them? If so, this course will help you. It will help us to understand why learning requires careful listening. Also, those teaching in the society will be appreciated. Besides, we will learn some things that will help us to listen very carefully. But let’s first answer this question first: Which is the theory?

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA OF THE LIVING AREA

3 Jehovah educated us through his word the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew that. So he was able to explain the word of God well to his audience and ask: “How did this man know the Scriptures so well that he did not attend any school?” (John. 7:15) But those with good heart, upon learning how Jesus was explaining the word of God, were happy. The Christians in the time of the apostles, such as the apostles Paul and Apolo, said that they were going-

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah provide his people with spiritual food today? (Sings 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What shall we consider in this article?

3. How does God teach us how to use the Bible, and how do his servants use it?

20

teaching that they also used to focus on the Scriptures. (Attention. 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) Our Jehovah's Witnesses, we also know that the content of our books, broadcasting activity, the lectures we listen to and the videos we watch, is all based on the Bible. When people come to our study and learn how to use the Bible to explain things, they are surprised. The brothers teaching under academia ensures that the Bible becomes more accurate in their teaching; not only are they read, but also informing listeners how to use what the Bible says.—Luka 15:32.

4 If the word “listen” is used in the Bible, it means to obey someone. Therefore, teaching us through his scripture and understanding what he wants us to do makes it easier for us to obey him. We know that if we listen to him and act on his behalf, he will become happy. 27.11.

Whether we are studying or not, why should we pay attention to what is going to happen?

5 We go to classes listening, because we love Jehovah. (Mat. 22:37) Studying about Jehovah every day will enhance our love for him. If love for her is great, then it will motivate us to obey her and serve her in a way that pleases her.— Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 We go to classes that we listen to, because we love people. (Mat. 22:39) When we go to class, Yeho-

4. What is often the meaning of the word “listen” when used in the Bible?

5. What is our love for him that motivated us to do? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What are some of the subjects we have learnt?

How to Be a Listener

When some brothers who had served Jehovah for many years were asked what helped them to be able to listen more carefully under study, they said the following:

• Suefawn, who cried in 1986, says, “When you go to class, sit face to face. By doing so, you will focus on the speaker and watch the videos closely.”

• David, who also cried in 1983, says, “I repeatedly pray to Jehovah to help me keep my mind on the subject. I remember going to classes, focusing on the subjects, and getting involved in each episode of the course is part of my career.”

• Nicolas christened 1982. He also says, “Anybody who did the work that he said, did an example or an illustration that you liked, should aim at advocating for it.”

• Augustin also christened 1988. He says, “if the faithful slave picks up something we have already learnt to learn, then I am sure it was a source of spiritual food in his day.”

He taught us how to love our fellow Christians and those who have not yet seen him. For example, the booklet we have named, Loves People—helped to Be Students, has helped us to see how to love and teach people better in the field. How do you feel about starting conversations with people in the field?

JUNE 2026 21

inside? Then, if your siblings are doing a midweekly homework, keep your mind on it very well.

7 We go to listening to learning, because we want to enjoy life and live forever. Jehovah told his ancient servants that if they want to enjoy life and live forever, they must obey him. We, too, have to do the same. (Deut. KDE44-47) We need encouragement to help us cope with the challenges we face until the new world comes. Therefore, paying close attention to and listen to studies helps us to find such encouragement. (Roman. 8:25) It is very important today to pay attention to Jehovah and to get well to his religion, because we are in the late days.—Mat. 00:0042-44; Display. 1:3.

How to Help new people to understand what is going on in academics

8 Brothers teaching under a tuition, not alongside those who give a bona-public speaking, should continuously be married to improve their teaching. When brothers spend time preparing their language and based on the Bible, it can draw people into the truth. It also helps their fellow Christians to continue serving Jehovah with joy. Therefore, if we each get a part of the program, we need to get it done well, because as it can help others, we may be surprise at it at all. For a program, make sure that the following tips can help you. Although the people who give a good public speaking are those who go for this recommendation, the people who go for it are those who don't.

7. Why is it so important to pay attention to God?

8. The brothers who teach under a learning environment, why stay married to each other to improve their education?

if any of us also has a role, we can employ it.—2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

9 Get your affairs well. When it comes to communication, you don’t have to make it difficult for your audience to understand. Your listeners will be distracted if what you are saying is strange. How did you make your speech so blunt? The following can-mi help you: (1) Start the talks as soon as possible, try to find out the points you are going to discuss. (2) Now if you take any point, you've been talking about it. After talking about a topic and moving on to another topic, you can relax a little and let your audience know that you are going to cover another topic. (3) At the end of the lecture, summarize all the key points.

10 Try and enjoy what you're talking about. When you’re going to enjoy yourself, you’re going to explain it with a passion. (Mmeb. 2:4,5; deaf. 4:20) Write-cases and points in your speech, if you are to think about it it will make you enjoy what you are going to say. A brother in the United States who is over 70 years old still remembers a speech he heard when he was a teenager. “When we read the Bible without thinking,” he says, “we don’t go back to reading it,” he says. The brother spoke to us with confidence, teaching us how to do it. That lecture really moved my heart; it taught me how to read the Bible and how to get closer to God.”

11 Think of what will help your audience and

9. When you are giving a speech, why not make it harder for your audience to understand?

10. Why is it important to be interested in what you are saying?

11. When giving a speech, what should be done to ensure that the lecture is beneficial to the audience? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 OWN-ABAN

point out to them exactly what they can do. Rather than discuss issues, encourage them with a specific biblical point of view, and teach them how to use the subject in their lives. For example, when Paul was helping the brothers in Ephesus, the apostle Paul taught him specific things he could do to strengthen his faith. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) If you think about how it will help your audience, you will note specific things that will help them in their life.

12 If you are learning your language, keep it in your mouth; don’t let yourself be talking. Rather than write down all the details of your speech and read them to the audience, focus on your heart and not on what you are speaking to your audience. If so, it will be easier for them to listen. The booklet, entitled “Speak as you always speak, and speak from heart, to let the audience know how you feel about what you are saying, and to see what you feel about them.”

12. When you are giving a speech, why do you have to speak from the heart?

When you speak with your heart, it will allow your mind to reach the heart of your audience and motivate them to act on what you are saying.

13 Seek advice from a skilled speaker. How will you do it? The paper you are running for the lecturer and any research you will do, you can present it before you will be given the lecture. The suggestion he'll give you is to join yours. Besides, tell him that you want to let him know that you are safe and that he has helped you improve. (Mmeb. 1:5) We all have something in common, so we may not always find out whether the statement we are saying is clear or true. We want our languages to be fluent and well educated, so that we can help our audience to live up to the facts in the Bible. *

* For further advice that can help you improve your speech and improve your teaching ability, see the booklet You're Titled for Learning and Teaching and Get the Teachers' Book of the Teachers' Schools Benefits.

13. When you are going to a lecture, why do you need to seek advice from a mature speaker? (See also picture.)

Seek advice from a skilled speaker, helping you improve your teaching (see verse 13)

23

Keep listening to the memory of the Lord; do not be distracted by phone and tablet.

(See section 17)

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR

14 Being grateful to the memory of Jehovah will make us pay close attention. The trouble we are facing in these “ hard times” is the need for rest from God to help us cope. (2 Tim. 3:1) The point being taught, even if we are to hear it many times, we must try to imitate the musician who wrote the 119th song, because he was very grateful to God's memory.—Reading 24, 111, 167.

15 When the Israelites were walking in the wilderness, they were led by the Lord. (Ex. 16:15, 31) The Beginnings were, were, were, were, were, provided with the energy they needed. At some point, however, some people said that they were sorry for the man, so they were no longer happy. (Fiber. 21:5) What is the lesson? That is, we should not despise the spiritual food that is given us by God, or we should note that, in this case, we are more likely to learn. Instead, we must know that the spiritual food we receive is from God. We must remember that the faithful slave has been prepared for us. The truth is that working on what we learn can lead to our eternal life. 3:13, 16-18; Yow. 17:3.

16 How to Be a Listener. Some older brothers and sisters who have served the Lord for many years do not consider how much they have helped them to listen to carefully in academics. Sister Ashley has served Jehovah for over 30 years. According to him: “The more we learn under learning, the more I learn it before I go, the better it allows me to listen to the subject. If I don’t learn it earlier, it’s hard for me to answer, and it makes me confused.” Uncle József has also served Jehovah for 52 years. “Even after I’ve heard the story, I’m willing to listen back,” he says. “I’d like you to take a look at it and add a few more details to it,” he says. That's why I learn something new every day. Even if a brother doesn't know a word for good, I don't pay attention to it.

14. Why should we emulate the writer of the 119th song? (Songsay24, 111, 167)

15. How can we remain grateful for the spiritual food we receive in the studies?

16. What has helped some older brothers to be able to listen carefully under learning? (See also the box “Tohelp Us Listen Well.”)

24 OWN-ABAN

but the biblical statement he is describing.”

17 The following tips may help you to listen more carefully. (1) For you to have dinner, make sure you don’t eat too much, so you don’t sleep. (2) Go there early and find a place to sit before the start of the program. (3) Keep your phone or tablet silent, and let it distract you while studying. (4) What we learn under study, think first. (5) If the course is going on, pay attention to the speaker. (6) You may write down a short summary or piece of parchment that will remind you of the key points of the course. (7) As the speaker explains the order of the keynotes, try to keep your mind. (8) Ask yourself, ‘How can I use this information to help someone in the community or in the field?’ (9) When attending a conference, watch the program first, and see the theme of daily, giving lectures and writing based on each lecture. (10) Before the convention starts, sit quietly to listen to music and music video releases. If you do, you are preparing your heart for the event.

WEARING HEADGEAR

18 We must continue to pay close attention to education, for if we do so, we are giving Jehovah 'by means of justice. (Dw. 23:3; 31.3) Advice and memorandum for us helps us and we did not err. We shouldn't make it like we're having a windshield. Therefore, we need to 'pay attention to how we listen', and act on the advice given us under learning. (Luka 8:18) Those who listen to God will be happy today, and in the future they will also have immortal life. —Dw. KDE2, 14.

17. How can you listen more carefully in class or at meetings? (See also picture.)

18. Why should we continue to listen attentively under studies?

How Would You Answer?

Why should we listen more carefully under study?

How can brothers taught under a learning environment help others to listen more carefully?

How can you listen more carefully?

DWOM 87 Come! They'll Make Peace

ASETENAM

I have served Jehovah for 70 Years in Cuba

GUSTAVO JOSPH

I was born in 1947 on the beautiful island of Cuba. The Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean are located somewhere in Cuba. I am the oldest child, and my parents gave birth to two women. All five of us lived in a village called Esmeralda.

I remember very clearly that there was peace in our village. We lived in the village with some of our relatives; my grandfather's brothers and sisters. What we will eat is cheap, and we were happy.

When I was five years old, my parents and Walton Jones began studying the Bible. With the exception of brother Walton, he was very nervous; he would walk about ten hours into our village to tell the story. Every time he came, many of the family would fill my grandfather's house, and we would talk to him for hours. My parents, my uncle Pedro and my aunt Ela were very excited about what they were learning, and soon they baptized themselves into the United States. Ela is now over 100 years old, but she is still a pioneer in Cuba.

At that time, Cuban-based Jehovah's Witnesses had the freedom to worship and worship him without hindrance. What we used to know most about us was that we went to people's homes to preach the good news; we also carried our suitcases with us. Walk, too, and let's pick it up and pick it up! I was very happy when I remembered our childhood as a servant of the Lord. It was good times at the time, but bad times were also rolling out.—2 Tim. 4:2.

BARBER/CIRCUM

I still have five years to attend a meeting with my father and brother in another town. Unfortunately, however, they went to fetch some water for a typhoid. I remember very clearly that when they came back, all my uncle's head was swollen, so he didn't die. My father died at the age of 32.

After my father died, my mother made it for our family to live with her brother; and she lives in a village called Lombardo. We loved our ancestors so much, but we had to leave them and the rest of the family. When we went, we didn't stop worshipping Jehovah.

On August 26, 1957, I ran into a pool near Lombardo. I was ten years old. At that time, if someone said that it would even be less than two years ago, then there would be a breakdown among Jehovah's people.

26 ADOPTIONS-ABAN

I wouldn't have believed in Cuba. In 1959, the people overthrew the government for a movement government to control the country.

The government that came into power was, most importantly, to get more and more people to go to the military. As well as the witnesses of the Lord, let us go to the army and sacrifice our lives for politics. So when that happens, things became difficult for us; our freedom we used to serve our God no longer such a thing. After that, the government banned our religion, and many brothers were arrested and imprisoned. Some could not be eaten, and some could not even be eaten. The food given to them at times contained blood, but the Bible states that we should not eat blood.

Despite all the difficulties we went through, we never made class on our head; we continued to meet together. (Heb. 10:25) We held meetings in farms and elsewhere everywhere in the country. I remember a brother who had a serious error, and for a time he made us meet there. We failed to organize the gathering, and the sheep were not able to move out. So all the sheep were gathered together to hold the meeting. “I am at 2:12.

The efforts of the brothers at that time to receive spiritual food were in vain. For example, brothers were moving to a meeting place at that place and all over the country. Sometimes only two of our brothers correct all the bad language, and they return it, and it is recorded on the machine. Since the brothers stole into this area and did this work, sometimes when we were listening to the music, we felt like a chicken that was swallowing, and a noise was coming out. Where we would meet, without electricity, we would be playing tennis with a powered device, and a brother would be sitting on a horn to provide electricity. If we do that, we will be able to play the guitar and listen to the program. Of course, just as our siblings in other countries were free and we didn't get any books in their hands. But we never had a lunch, and we happily served together.—Neh. 8:10.

We became Pioneers and Parents

When I was 18, I became a regular pioneer in a town called Florida. About a year later, I was made to serve as a special pioneer in Ca-magüy; it was a big city. There I met Emilia; a lovely sister from Santiago de Cuba. We started planning a marriage, and we were married one year later.

I could no longer get the job with Emilia; but we wanted to do more at work.

A. Imperial Service School for the heads of congregation—Camagüy, Cuba, 1966

B. Our wedding day, 1967

A

B

D

D. Circuit career

E. Prenegotiation of the first regional convention when the government lifted it from us, 1994

E

Asamplea de Distrito TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

Jehovah's worship. So I went for a job in an sugarcane government. I go to work from three o'clock every day to eleven o'clock every morning. I used to get up early, but going to work at that time helps me to go out in the field and enjoy studying regularly as well as with Emilia.

Gustavo was born in 1969; our first child. It was just a coincidence that I was asked to go as a district officer. It was not until then that you came here to Cuba that you were surprised to see a circuit director with wife and children. We were very busy, but we were very happy. I was so grateful to be the opportunity to serve our siblings. As soon as we were doing the circuit work, we had our second child; we named him Obed. We later gave birth to Abner. A few years later, our daughter Mahely was born.

Looking back on my time in the circuit work, and looking at how he has blessed his people in Cuba, makes me very happy. Not only so, he also helped us grow in love and affection for our children. Asamoah and I had a lot of fun doing the circuit work, and I wouldn't blame you for what we were doing.

HOW we DO Administrative ProfessionS

When our ministry was banned, some of us were very surprised. Every Hall of Kingdom was closed, and all missionaries were expelled from the country by the government. Many young brothers were arrested and imprisoned, and the branch in Havana was also thrown out.

Our service was restricted on Mondays and Sundays alone. So we serve a single company for two weeks. We were going without a lot of baggage, and we were sitting on a bike to keep the police in mind. When we were going to serve an association, the brothers were not informed that we were coming. When we went, we pretended to be going to visit our relatives. Family members too will not be affected if you visit them. Sometimes when we were going to a meeting, we would talk to them about it, thinking that even though we were going there to serve them. (Mar. 10:29, 30) But we had to be very careful, as it was just about time the police caught up with us questioning us. The brothers we grew up with were able to be arrested if the police caught them.—Roman. 16:4.

We met with many busy brothers and sisters while working in the district.

28 OWN-ABAN

Yes

F

G

Emilia is working at a mining site in Cuba's Bethel

F. Building a Forum Hall, 2012

G. Bible Schools for Christian Couples, 2013

They were moved to serve us intently. In some areas, the presence of mosquitoes is not small. But the family we grew up in is all the way to one house, and it is all given to us so that we can sleep to one another. There are others who don't have enough food, but they take us to their homes. For this reason, we sometimes go out on a diet, and then go out with them.

If we were to visit the breweries, we would not be able to take all our children along. So we went with only one child, and we left the rest for my mother and sister. When we go and take our little child with us, it protects us. Sometimes the police stopped investigating our products, so we inserted a book of the child with the staff; and there, which police officer is opening it.

We are doing the full-time ministry and training our children, and the hard work that Millia did to support the children is appreciated. I, on the other hand, worked all day in the field and also as a district officer. How can I connect the two of them? Sometimes during the weekend, I do one job for five days, so I don't go to work at the end of the week. But later my job is to-

it happened; the workers who worked with me, the boss said I didn't sleep with them. I could do nothing about it, so I had to go work from Monday to Saturday. I realized that if I could share the work with the workers in some way, they would have a job by the end of the week. That gave me the opportunity to visit the breweries. To this day, I don't believe that the boss of the company made it known that I had not given a job on Monday and Sunday.

My Office changed, but I still don't lose my happiness.

In 1994, the leading siblings in Cuba one day asked 80 pastoral travelers across the country to attend a special meeting in Havana. We had a long time, so when we met like that, we wanted to look; fun alone! At that meeting, we were given a chance to see what had happened in the meeting. After that a memorandum was released that surprised us. The brothers told us that they intend to give our names to the government authorities. We didn't find out why they wanted to do that.

They explained to us that it is in line with the officials; the reason is that,

June 2026 29

Cuban Branch Committee, 2013

They wanted the government to understand the meaning of Jehovah's Witnesses. The officials had thus ordered them to bring a list of all pastoral travelers in the country. We all agreed not to take it. Since then, the government has slowly come to our aid.

At some point, we were able to attend classes and public broadcasting without being blocked, but they had not officially accepted the religion of Jehovah's Witnesses. We later realized that if the authorities already had some of the names of the pastoral travelers, they wanted to know if their name was in line with what we would send to them.

In September 1994, the government granted us permission to reopen the Bethel. We realized that, somewhere in the past 20 years, the last room in the Bethel complex would be open to use as a toilet facility.

In 1996, I spent a day with Millia and I found ourselves at the same place to serve at Bethel. We were so surprised, and I told the siblings that I still had two children to look after. The brothers thought about what I had told them, and later they called back to tell me not to come. So we accepted, and we started gathering together to move to Havana with our children.

As a matter of fact, I went to the new house and didn't like it at all. I had been a circuit manager for many years, so that was my heart. So, if I had an office, I wouldn't be able to stay. But the brothers in Bethel helped me a lot to keep in mind; it didn't affect my wife, Emilia. I nearly forgot it, and I am now happily serving at Bethel.

I'm spending a long time with Emilia. But when we remember our back, and remember our brothers we have met, and serve them together for many years, we were happy. What matters a lot to us is that, our children and our ancestors are worshiping God. When the old man was struck with old age, he said something and we felt the same way. He said: “There is nothing more to make me happier than this: When I hear my children still walking in the truth. ”—3 Yoho. 4.

I have been at Bethel with Millia for almost 30 years now. We are suffering from ectopic pregnancy, but we do all we can to do the work assigned to us. The years we have served God are not always the best. But how glad we are that we have been able to serve the “ happy God God” for some 70 years on this island of Cuba!—1 Tim. 1:11; Dw. 97:1.

We have a meeting with our daughter and her husband

30 OWN-ABAN

Questions From Readers

In terms of 4:24, what two covenants were the Paul talking about?

The Ambassador Paul discussed the relationship between Abraham, Sara and Hagar. He concluded: “All these represent something; these women represent two covenants.” (Gal. 4:22-24.) In the past, we understood that the two covenants were the legal covenant, the new covenant. However, as we further investigated the issue, we have come to recognize that there is a need for reform. Paul was likely talking about the Abrahamic covenant and not the new covenant. Why have we made these changes? Let’s take a look at some of them. *

Paul said that the Law covenant between the Lord and the people of Israel on Sinai Mount 1513 before Jesus stands for Hagar. (Gal. 4:25; Ex. 19:5, 6) There is no man who has a sin against himself who could perfectly observe that Law. The Law thus reminded the Israelites that they were slaves of sin. Also, this treaty could help the nation of Israel to see the Messiah, as the Messiah was the only one who could perfectly observe the Law. As the Messiah sacrificed his perfect life, then people with evil can get separated from sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) After Jesus gave the purpose of God, the Law was no longer needed.—Roman. 10:4.

Paul also referred to Sara as being "an independent woman," and her son as being "birthed by promise." (Gal. 4:23) That pledge, that is the Abrahamic covenant. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) That covenant was made between Jehovah and Abraham; it is in Genesis 22:18. “By means of your seed all nations of the earth will get to be blessed, because you have listened to my voice,” he told Abena.

As promised by God in Eden, the Abrahamic covenant went into effect. (Gen. 3:15) This covenant made it clear that the " descendant" whom he described would come out of Abraham. Paul explained that Jesus Christ was essentially the " descendant". But those who belong to Christ, whose number is 144,000 who will treat him in his kingdom, are also part of that descendant. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Display. 14:1-3) Because of the promise that God made to Abraham, those who accept and obey Jesus will receive many blessings.

Why did Paul say “all these represent something”? He wanted to argue that if the Jews of his day firmly agreed that the Law was to be observed, then they resembled Hagar; they would become perpetual slaves. But if they accept Jesus Christ as the primary ' descendant' of Abraham, they will pretend to be Sara, they will be reconciled. Real freedom from sin and death. (John. 8:32-34) But without the acceptance of Jesus, it means that they do not understand the treaty of the Law, because the purpose of the treaty of the Law was to help them see the Christ.

The Galatians who Paul was writing to them were many of whom were not Jews, so the Law was neither independent nor binding. But some of the Jews took strongly to say that, non-Jews, they had to obey the Law. Among them was the law about circumcision. Paul explained that it was very unwise to continue to obey the laws that had made them "slaves," because Christ had made them "independence."—Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

* This is a new meaning we've got. In affirming what is in the Guardian-Government of March 15, 2006, p. Exchange of 10-12.

JUNE 2026 31

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

June 2026 Vol. 147, No. 6 TWI

TERMS IN THE TERMS OF THE TERMS

Course Statement to Learn August 10-16 2

When faced with temptation, how can we remain faithful to our God?

Study Statement to Study August 17-23 8

How to Continue Communion with Our Brothers

Study Statement to Study August 24-30 14

How the Group System Helps Us

Study Statement to Learn August 31–September 6 20

Pay attention to Your Listening

ASENAM 26

I have served Jehovah for 70 Years in Cuba

EquestionS BEGAN IN THE LIVING AREA OF THE LIVING AREA OF THE LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING

This book isn't for sale. We use it for biblical teaching work all over the world. People voluntarily donate to the project. For a refund, please visit donate.jw.org.

All the biblical text in this book comes from the Sacred Text—The New World's Translation, unless otherwise indicated.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

THE HUMILITY OF THE BIBLE

The Bush of the Commons

The Bible shows that some of Jesus' disciples were fishmen. (Mar. 1:16-20) This was made of netting in the Gulf of Galilee.

At that time, if someone wanted to make a dance, they would weave a thicket with thick strings like an iron furnace. If he wants to remove small fish, he will keep the holes in the sand. If he also wants to remove large fish, he will increase the potholes that lie on the net. If fish were to be removed with small netting, they would carry something as heavy as a stone or metal rain so that it could subside if they were thrown into the water. However, when the net is large, something as heavy as a stone or a metal is pressed against it. That resulted in a section of the net going under the water; and they also used a calabash to prevent a section of the net from being contaminated with water.

The grass was submerged with stones that published the sea cucumbers. Sometimes it can also be caused by a lack of fishing. (Luka 5:6) For this reason, when fishermen go to the sea, they have to wash their hands in near any pond. The Bible tells us that James and John were “dressing their nets”; they must have used bread and rope. (Mat. 4:21) Also, Luka says that the fishermen were "cleaning their nets" to extract and exit raw materials. (Luka 5:2) Afterwards, the net was tied to you so that it wouldn't rot.—Hes. 47:10.

Jesus invited men who were conscious of how to use the net to be "the men of this people".

Redirect the jw.org website in Twi, or scan this logo of your product

JW.ORG ®

w26.06-TW