June 2026

PIGERA ZOTUE call the kingdom of Jehovah

ZASECTORIA: AUGUST 10–September 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

No. 122 p.m. Let's not play it any more, let's not play it any more.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Can we learn to be truthful to our God and remain firm in the face of any challenges?

How can we maintain a spirit of truth in the matter of Jehovah?

“Daana, what on earth are you going to do? Who's the greatest speaker of all life? YON 6:68.

One day Jesus was teaching people through the town of Kapernaum. He sang to them: "I have never eaten Asamoah and this beer has taken my blood, you won't get a living from him." She sang to her husband when she said: "The last thing I drink in my blood will bring about my life no consequences at all. I'll be there to make it possible for him to die on the day of the end of this world." (Yon 6:53, 54) Many of Jesus' disciples were unhappy with what he said. They sing out: “This piano is strong. Who will understand this? ""—on 6:60.

2 Some people didn't like what Jesus said at all. Does that mean they didn't believe in Jesus at all? Some people believed in the name of God while others believe in ghosts, while others believe in ghosts, Jesus did what they saw in a vision. "The truth is this is how he is expected to come to this country." (Yes 6:14) Therefore, it was obvious that the disciples had believed in Jesus. And when Jesus came up with the things they didn't understand, they didn't look at him anymore.

The workmen were honest about Jesus. Did Jesus want to be left alone? When Peter replied, " no, sir."

1-2. When Jesus was teaching people in the town of Kapernaum, what did he do?

3. How did the workers feel about Jesus' song? (See picture.)

2

It is clear that many of the young men left Jesus and that Peter was still walking with him ( Look at the beginning of the challenge).

Shall we go? He is the one who speaks with a nasal inflection. Now, to know who the King is from such a place.” (Yes 6:68, 69) Perhaps some of Peter's employees did not understand Jesus's song for burning and drinking of his blood and not letting go of Jesus's year. Why is this? The reason they sing was so well known that Jesus is "Christian, as many as Yendi did." 9:20, 35.

There were some things that made it difficult for us to be honest with our God. For example, if they understand the meaning of the Bible or the meaning of the orthography, it can make a person disagree. If we don't understand why he exists and how he feels or how he does it wrong, we might peg our friendship with our brother.

The only thing that can tell us is that our trust in God is that he intervenes. One thing that can make a house empty when it's empty in the air is, it's hard to breath. Therefore, we need to make sure that we trust him. How can we be true to our God? If we trust in God, we will be able to do such a thing in the past when times are hard. Therefore, it is very important that we trust in God; it will do the best we can to thank him even though whatever happens to us. 15:58; readracy at 1:23.

What helped the workers stay with Jesus until a lot of people died after his death? Workers

4. How can we make sure that God is truthful?

5. Explain why we need to be more aggressive. (colloquially 1:23)

6. What helped the workers stay with Jesus?

June 2026

It was only when he realized that he deserved to be alone, that was all that had happened to him. They also believed that the Lord Jesus is the One who has the ability to make a living. They also year old know that what Jesus is doing is very interesting to me. We know what can help us to stay in the right direction even if we experience a problem with our Lord. They believed it: (1) everything is possible for God. And it is by means of him that the Bible was written. The work of the Lord of Hosts. If we really believe in these three things, it will help us to trust the truth about our God even more when we are in trouble.

Everything is all under the control of Yaweh.

7 Read money 4:11. This article reminds us that all things are done by God. This shows that everyone needs to get closer to him. No matter how strong he is, he can always help us with problems. and the satire shows people the way they think God does not exist. Some teachers of the radio station say that the radio station has nothing to do with the radio station. It's important that we know why and how God made everything happen, and why he knows that he likes us. That, when times are hard, we'll continue to believe that God exists and will help us. [Heb. 11:6.

8 If he has any doubts about the existence of God, he has to do something. Investigation the book that helped him to believe that everything was possible. Is that a book about Was Life Created? With The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking will help him find a solution that will help him to succeed. The reason why Jesus was silent was because of a dream is "Don't they kill?" I am here

7. At 4:11 p.m. What will this issue do to us if there is a problem?

8-9 If he had any doubts about the existence of God, what would he do? (See picture.)

Nebula: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; fish and car: Mercedes-Benz USA; plane: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

Has any news ever been read by Was Life Created? The curtain rose. He also tried to read and write the book.

(See table above).

ev.org One of my aunts, Jessica, in the United States, says: "After I was reading the book about the history of life, I realized how wise I was. I've known that for many years I have been reading the book. It has made my faith in him strong.” Dozens of people have already read the book Is There a Creator Who Cares About You? Maybe even a number of times have passed away. He may not be too tired to read it anymore.

Find out why you can't believe that God exists. The discovery will help him to believe that God exists and help him to know more about him. (Arom 1:20) Yes, we can use this to help people who think that God does not exist. As a matter of fact, many of the things in God's kingdom cloths make it possible for him to live.

The Bible was inspired by God to write the book.

10 count 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. He has allowed the Bible to be written among us. Thebabu found a very important question and revealed it to himself so that he could understand his point of view. It is believed that the Bible is a book of God. That's the funniest book that Babule has ever written. We wanted to learn how to read and write the Bible.

11 Why did we believe that God

May I have a copy of the Bible? There are many problems. To tell the truth, the story that Babulela spoke about is true. (Lunter) 3:1,2. What the Bible says about the past is true. (Ob? 7) The Bible is still correct, because of what happened despite the fact that Satan was trying to destroy them, many still have died. There were about 40 people who wrote the Bible. The Bible was written in about 1,600 years ago. Even so, they wrote the book hurriedly. The Bible has a big effect on people today. Mag. 13:20; 15:21; Mt. 7:12) Most of the Babule language used in the project have revealed the fact that Babule's theory is correct. Joseph. 3:14) All these accounts convinced me that the Bible was written by God!

12 How do we do it if we start to think it wasn't a God who let the Bible be written? We need to consult his father to find out what kind of man he is. For instance, Jordan is a young adult with his parents teaching him about Jehovah. He said: "I don't always believe what my parents say or that of people I know very well. In time, I made up my mind about the two things I had read in the novel. If that were the case with me, I checked the matter from the secretary again so that I could answer my question. If we consider the cause of our not guilty of having helped others to write the Bible, it makes it difficult for them to agree with us. -No, I didn't mean to. 3:12, 13.

10. What's the phone number? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. Why did he believe that God had made the Bible written?

12. How do we do it if we start to think it wasn't a God who lets them write the Bible?

June 2026

5

The people of the United States are very similar to those of the Akans (See also Literacy).

Jehovah is the one who has his seed in the field.

13 To begin with assuming that it was not the will of God in heaven that God destined for his people, it is necessary that we do something here. We need to consider this question: Who's taking part in teaching witchcraft? What kind of group was Baabule interested in? 2 Tim. 4:3, "Who upto date is doing what he wants today?"—Mt. 7:20, 21.

14 God wants everyone to hear the news before the end of the world. So, we can ask ourselves, 'Who's in charge of the news today?' (Mt. (14) It is true that it is the Lord's announcement of themelling ceremony. Only the Lord God's suitcases are called in the name of God in more than 240 trees. To begin with the project, it was more than 100 years ago. The royal wedding ceremony was a magnificent occasion for the people of Yendi. =19, 20.

15 count Matthew 6:9 and Asamoah 43.10. It is outstanding that they call on the Lord of Heaven. Many people don't know that God's name is Jesus. We tried to translate the Bible and use the God- moniker name to decide which one should be in it. When they started writing the Bible, the name of God was more than 7,000.

16 census at 13:34, 35. Today, many people are not identical to this one. And the people of the LORD have united, cherishing each other. From the top of the tree down to the bottom of the tree forward forward, there is another tree growing in the garden. Even though it's nice to be in love with one another Who goes to the same job? If it were not for that,

13th. How can we connect ourselves to a group that doesn't belong to God?

14. What is the purpose of our project?

15. What does Jehovah's sharpen his name? (Matu 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Why can we say that God has no power to control the work of an elephant at 13:34, 35? (See picture.)

6 PIGRA ZONTUA

he's met with an unexpected difficulty. It doesn't matter to them where he stands. This shows that in the future his career as a native of Seradowa, he carried out his plans. If we remember this, it will help us to remain honest with our God in the matter.

Leave Yaweh

17 to two o'clock, that'll be difficult for you. 2 Tim. 3:1, 13 Underlying circumstances may lead to a conflict of interest. For example, a God-fearing-people's group may have a way of understanding and misunderstanding. Maybe a mother can do something to make it difficult. To know oneself doesn't mean how to deal with a problem or how to solve it.

17-18 What's going to happen to us like Peter? How can we talk about it?

18 It is here that we are able to accuse people of breaking the law and we can remain honest with our God. The reason is that he made everything he could do was to write a novel about the history of God. In the city of Seredo, he carried out his plans. Just as Peter said to Jesus, “we can say to Yaweh, ‘Who will go next?’ Who's the greatest speaker of all life?

Figure 6: Agirl and her daughter are sitting in the car on their way to their satisfaction when they see the morning stars in the king's palace.

pads will do you much better if you have a problem?

He is perfect in everything.

It is by means of him that the Bible was written.

He is responsible for the well -being of his family.

12th year

Loyally Subjecting to Theocratic Order (Nana Naayenɛ Pa'alego)

AUGUST 17-23,

90th year

Encourage One Another (Prime Minister Ya Taaba Gila)

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

We can learn to save ourselves and our loved ones as well as our loved ones.

How can we make friends with the Mappers?

Be fond of, and bear in mind, and be kind to people, and be patient to people. 3:12.

Things are getting hard these days. It's more difficult to make friends than to have a friend. It was out of his knowledge that he made us happy friends. (Yes 63) In addition to being a loved one among people, there is also a need for love among God’s people.

2 To be congratulated for your patience and love of your best friend only is to be a friend of yours They want to build a sand castle and share it with them. We love our ancestors and Jesus. Love is the motive behind milleting. (yon 13:35) And if we want to plant the millet in our yard, we have to try to do that. To lose hope can sometimes make it difficult for us to stay friends.

The truth is, we can have dinner with some older brothers and sisters than we do. Why is this? Maybe we enjoy talking with them. It is difficult for us to make friends with some of our brethren. At times, you may not understand each other so much that it is difficult for you to fall in love with them. Maybe we don't like it when they're doing things that they're supposed to be. At times, a brother may feel bad about his or her self-esteem. We can learn about Jesus so that we can help each other.

1. Where can we find the best friends?

2. How do we enjoy our new friends?

3. What can make it difficult for us to kiss our mother-in-law as friends?

8

The children are still friends in trouble. And for the first time, we will know that when we talk to him, it can help us to have a strong relationship with our brothers.

When we talk to Jesus, it will help us to strengthen our patience and self-control.

4 Asamoah has to watch his father-in-law as soon as he can. If we had to stay there for a few hours, we'd have to be able to find out what their plans were. The musician Paul wanted to see his brethren. He wrote to the brothers in Jerusalem: 'We are famished to see you again' (1 Tes. 2:17) Many Mmabiles look to their mother when they see their mothers talking to them, so I let them have a hard time. We have so much chance that we can do it. They sometimes listen to music when learning, and listening to lullabies. Even plastic surgery won't do for them. At times, it may be difficult to make friends.

5 To talk to God, it will help us; to make things difficult for us and our classmates are always friends. (Clause 3:12.) Be patient; be patient; be careful; it will help us to solve any problems that may mar the relationship. I mean, just as hard as she used to get a car engine to work, so hard to talk to God, it makes it possible for her to get to the wrong bus. Let's say three things that will make it difficult for us to be close to our boyfriends. Now we can see that, if we talk to Jesus while he was dressed in a cloth, a knife is as important as the tie is, that will help us treat the brethren as friends.

If you don't understand a language

6 Why is it so hard? If two people are not in agreement, each of them may think that the plan was better. For example, two hawks may not be able to recognize each other as they slip into their collars. They seem alike to be prejudiced against ideas. The situation made it difficult for them to argue that they had no choice but to run as friends. They can begin to think of themselves. If they haven't discussed the problem well, they can start talking about it. This small problem may lead to won't be discussed again. It damaged their friendship.

7 syllables of Jesus' year. When she was explaining to her youth that, one thing that would help them solve their problem was to start up their children. Jesus' disciples were arguing as to how much they knew. This was a terrible year. Jesus was kind enough to help them change their attitude, so he was kind of asked them to be more polite than anyone else. (Mt. 20:25-28) That's how Jesus was explained to them that they should humble themselves. Even so, the year after Jesus was arrested, he was able to 'make a cake' for his young men. He swaggered past their feet when they were small. This used to be the Japanese language. (Yon 13:3-5, 12-16)

4. How can we keep our relationship with our brother-in-law strong?

5. What can help us as soon as it's difficult to cover up our mistakes? Give an example. (colloquially 3:12)

6. If we don't understand each other, how will our relationship with our boyfriend?

7. What did Jesus do to teach his disciples to be face-to-faced when they were trying to solve a problem?

June 2026

9

It is easier to forgive each other when they are trying to forgive each other

(See also Literacy).

If you do that, you help them to know how to solve the problem. If people are told how to do it, it is easier to believe in people's opinions even if they have different ideas. It'll never be so easy to keep the peace even if they don't understand each other.

How can we make friends? If you keep quiet and have something to do with what your friend has done, you will never forget to forgive him. (Clause 3:13.) If you aren't snore and you don't understand each other, you'll never be quiet. That'll make you a friend of mine. (Yes 4:4) Even if you were to talk to each other about something bad, remember all that we have to say later, it would make the problem difficult. (No. 7:21, 22) Ask a question, 'I'm going to get over my doubts.' He may have agreed that the plan made sense. Try and stay after the problem. That will make it easy for me.

9 If you keep quiet, that will help you solve the problem. Never underestimate an anthill's abilities. (Registry Magahah9; 1 Ko. 6:30 p.m. He doesn't want you to eat his chicken. Many of the brethren went to the meeting place with their friend. (Yes 2011) If he went to solve the problem correctly, he might say: 'To be a friend, it's not a problem today. I want to solve the problem. Let the old man know that he was wrong and that he was guilty of breaking the law. If her boyfriend says that he is wrong, do not hesitate to apologize to her. (Lunter) Try to keep track of the fact that you don't want to know how important it is to you that you want to solve the problem and make friends with it. Mag. 18:24.

8. If he were walking home, how would it be better for him to get along with his girlfriend? Are you still friends? (Colos 3:13) (See picture..)

9. If he were going to smile, how would that help? If it were so hard to solve the problem? (Magaa wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo

10 PIGRA ZONTUA

HONOR IS HUMILITY IN DAGBANE

10 Why is it so hard? It is difficult for us to be friends even with our relatives. Some of the brethren have had a hard time raising anger. Some of the brethren have a way of showing off, because people have always done things that are not good. Or because they are older doesn't allow them to talk to others about their talents or make them enjoy themselves too much. Maybe we can have a bottle with them. We may like talking, but we may like talking, and we may like talking.

11 Tossa the way Jesus was lifting his heart. He was rich enough to feed his father-in-law. For instance, the musician James and Yon asked Jesus to be sitting by his head in his bedroom. That explains how they were able to sing the song. (Mr. 10:35-37) and Jesus was brewing pito. She was absent from him because she was too young to go down the stairs. (Flp. 2:5. Look at Jesus and his workers in the company this year! And Jesus was kind to James and Yon.

12 Jesus understood that in the time his disciples lived, they would not have any money. She was known for her courage and boldness as well as James and Yon. (Mr. 9:34) When Jesus was being raised up, people were like him

10. How can we make it harder for us to kiss our mother-in-law as friends?

11. How did Jesus sing the song and other people who were playing with him?

12. What helped Jesus to get the heart of his young men?

Restraint. During that time, religious leaders in the society made people think that if they had a child, that was better. That's how Jesus was able to understand his disciples. Jesus was kind to them. He realized that they could not even change the subject until much later. Mr. 10:42-45

How can we make friends with 13? He shared his stomach with the young men and women who were so angry with him that they felt that way. Mag. 14:29) All of us must bear in mind the fact that we are still alive. Most of these are bad and just bad. That's how glad people are when they're satisfied. (Read at 4:2.) We need to make sure the brethren don't be forced to look like us. Just think about how strong it is to have fun talking to brothers. It has to happen that he is kind to people who like him and who share his feelings with him. Is there any room for us to have a room with some brothers rather than just those who can't swim and all work properly even in the summer?

14 Apart from the fact, it is very helpful to watch the radio from the police. If we do that, we won't let that happen to people with the same name as that one. For example, James and Yon wanted to spend more time with those who told Jesus what he had done to teach them that the King would come. Jesus is the year-after-year-old

13th. If we had any doubts, how would we be able to solve the problem more quickly? (Epesus 4:2)

14. If you are excited, what will you look for in the morning?

June 2026

A blinding person is walking around a bushy area (see table above).

It was obvious that he had the theory. Looking at our brethren personally, it shows that we are talking about Jesus and his Father.

15 It is very important to ask the Lord to help us treat such a person as if he were a believer. I've always wondered what could make him angry with his brother and ask him to help him find me. remember that he was strong enough to know who we are. No matter how hard the situation is, it is vital that he knows what will help him to succeed. If it is difficult to get along with her, ask Yaw to put out his fishpot so that she can eat what is bad. 11:13; Ga. 5:22, 23.

TO MABISI

16 Why is it so hard? Even plastic surgery won't do anything crazy. measurement, they may want to be alone or they may be able to do whatever it takes to succeed. It is possible that their anger does not subside. They can also talk and do something to draw anger. ( Job 6:2, 3) It is possible that things get to the brethren but they don't. Therefore, they can't act like we think they're doing.

17 talk to Jesus while he was still alive. Jesus was kind enough to give a helping hand even to people he did not agree with. For example, think of Jesus the first time he had helped Bartimus grow up. When she heard Jesus walking there, she was jealous and scared to let Jesus know that he was there. Some of the people in the crowd then urged Bartaeus to stop making noise. When she was in love with Jesus, she was a jealous woman. Maybe some people were angry at what Bartimius did. And Jesus was a man of the same age as him; it was said that his year was a long time for him. (Mt. 20:34; Mr. 10:46-52 () Jesus was speaking

15. Who's it that can help us as a friend of the opposite sex?

16. How difficult is it for brothers to keep up with violent storms or accidents?

17. How did they learn about Jesus that year?

12 PIGRA ZONTUA

I gave Bartimius a promotion. She sang about him and let him know.

18 How do you ever seem friendlier? Mind you don't walk in. This will help to warn fans of the same language or others who are bad in their doings. ( count 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) A friend of the opposite sex helped his friend “at the wrong time.” Mag. 1:17) A battalion must have been destroyed by a battalion from his friends. She tried to comfort them, to comfort them all, and to do something for them.

19 How can we teach people to have faith in themselves? It is true that he can't let go of his bad habits. He or she may be trying to understand how he or she is affected. (Mt. 7:12; 1 p. 3: no matter how well he speaks, he is still listening. He always complains when he needs to. Mag. 12:25) Don't make it seem I've completely understood the situation. Mag. 18:13) Try as much as you can to lose weight and not to lose hope. 4:32

20 To be glad we have a relationship with our sister, Osaka. pound it and beat it. That's the reason why sometimes people behave the way they consume alcohol. Even some politicians can influence us as to how we do it. Because of that, when we have a babysitter, listen to the music with us, do your best, be aggressive and be a friend of the opposite sex. Let's make it a point to make friends.

20. What kind of girlfriend do I want to be?

18. What will happen if my friends do something wrong? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. How can we teach people to have faith in themselves? (See picture.)

Pockets are green at 10:00 p.m., And younger brothers who are willing to accept their role in the golf course will do their best in the jingle. After, they went to the movies with tears in their eyes.

How can we make friends with someone who is a believer? Let's go. Let's go.

If you don't understand each other

Where's that? If there's anything to do with that?

Has a brother been hurt or hurt?

12th year

Ever Loyal (itself)

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

King's Mogul Gurumba preparations are as helpful as possible.

What a 65-year-old look!

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Can we get to know how to use the mobile phone?

“I will praise the God of my heart; the God of my help, the God of my help.”—Imm. 111:1

Who was it that made himself king in the day that he was elected mayor? He was satisfied with the result, so he got an opportunity to join more of Mmabila and strengthen his reputation for the name of Jehovah. (Yes 148:1, 2, 12, 13 At times, there was an increase in blood pressure. The king's announcement was made with a small amount of bread. A mother's skirt helps her to obey Jesus's command to proclaim the good news to the people of this country. 14:14

How high is it that we breathe in the middle of the ocean? The name of one of my brothers is Wendy. “My mother-in-law is helping me with many things,” he said. I mean, I can make a lot of noise like a teacher. The mother inspires me so much that I can have a baby with her. I've also found a lot of friends. One of my brethren is named Rich,” he said. “It appears to me that I am a gold medalist. A politician can help a person who has had a smile on his face and a slapper on his face has the potential to help others who have been crying for many years. One of my brethren is called Diana. "It's nice to be in the king's palace,” he said. The people in my room look like mine.

In this article, we will discuss our plans for the future. In this article, we are going to discuss some of the activities that are important to the future. Try to get to know two of us.

Some names have been changed

1-2. How do some of the brethren feel about wearing red hats?

3. Can we talk about this happening?

14

I'll do what I can to protect the brain so that it can function properly. Now we can see how to get the prize for this project.

King's Molego GURP BASEGADAANA

4 Asamoah asked the chairman to be congratulated for helping the elderly lady out of his house so that they could see the face of danger. How does he do this job? First, he is teaching us how to think deeply about the people in his class. Mag. 27.23) He knows how to pluck people and talk to them all the time he knows what they look like. That enabled him to help them get to the house of Jehovah. He was kind enough to help them cope with violent storms. Mag. 12:25; Isa. Satan; yawn. 2:15-17) And as for me, he is very kind to the brothers and sisters for their hard work. He chased the crowd into the announcer, alleging that it was late at the end of the week. He tried in vain to persuade every believer in his club to join them. No matter how well he may be, he always appears to have been mentally unstable or physically unstable. These mornings and mornings drew to the bottom of the palace. Daddy, she is brushing fufu with water so that they can see the exact same thing.

If it is necessary, a returning officer can look after the bag as soon as possible. They call the drummer's assistant to the drummer's house, the guitar to the drummer's guitar, and the sound of the guitar to the drummer's tune. He often quotes from the staff. The orchestra always shows him how to do his work.

4. (a) How does the groom groom work in his job? (b) How does the groom communicate about the mammograms on his funeral bed? (See box below “I’ll fierd a seatbelt”.)

Something will do for the King's Moose Guru.

• Let the peace talks be back in less than seven minutes so that the brothers can start the peace talks quickly.

•With all the brothers in the company, we went to the king's palace with a seatbelt that could not be used as a seatbelt. She and these brothers sometimes go to the movies or the movies that are preparing for her.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . What Babule got prepared started with bauxite. You can do that in their presence, at the Palace or at any other time. A friend of a friend's has written a book about his age.

• Teach your teachers how to use all their might to give to the Lord, and the dust.

• When all the Gurundo people want to go to the movies, try to stay in there.

I grew up in the same industry. (1 Tim. 3:1) He explained to them that as they do, they should see the face of danger and avoid famine. The groom's duties are important. That's the least of the problems that can be done with this project.

June 2026

5 things can make it difficult for a writer to learn how to think clearly the complex is in his or her pot. Jög is a hero from Germany. He is a boss who has a lot of work to do in the company. He said: "It's easy for me to be a typist and still doing a lot of work in my company. Because of that, it is difficult for me to get along with the brothers in my company. Abel is a 70-year-old cheese dealer from Uganda. He said: "In your company, the kennels and the kennels are few. As a result, the volume volume of the volume was high. Because of that, I can't keep as much time as I want." Odemaa from Suriname said: "I like to hunt down. It took me a lot of time. It could only take a long time for my student to do what he wants to do for Jehovah. Because of that, I have a lot of work to do and I don’t see people making faces. How can we terl the questions the audience is facing?

6 if it is possible, there should be a great many boys in the king's palace. That will help the waiter to know who the mambi are and help them get closer to the love of God. Without the kennels, what will they do? It is good for the young lady to avoid overspending after the seatbelt because of the seatbelt, the student may not be in the position to take good care of the old man. As a result, the Queen may choose a leatherworker to look after the diner. Without the gargantuan walls, theribs will be able to climb the fences and take care of the rope.

7 If it is a typical red hat that the weed does not grow in, try hard to learn how to use it to help us keep track of the number of thieves. ( count 1 Peter 5:2.) She is doing the work in the garage with her arms folded. Suppose, it's time for him to pay attention to the royal announcement. Find out how to help the many people in your company who can see your face through smiles and also smell the flowers in your room. Thanks for bringing me up. And when you went to see the mammograms, he could easily learn how to milk the mammograms. Once the brothers have finished, it is possible for him to explain how he can do it. After, she's the one who helped me.

Keem can raise a helping hand in the mouth of a cockroach. measurement, she can tell him/her to look at the meaning of the ritual. (See table.)

5. What potential dangers are associated with attending discos?

6. Without the knowledge of the weather conditions, how will the bridge be reduced in terms of numbers?

7. Without electricity, how can light up your jaws? (1 Peter 5:2) (See picture.)

16 PIGRA ZONTUA

It can be learned to be a good musician. 2 Tim. 2:2. Maybe I should tell the students who were studying to clean the bedroom. Roads are jammed with crowds of people who have come to the farm because those who have not gone to the market have gone shopping. They also help the aunts to start learning, take another look at Babule. After talking about three things we can do to make the relationship a better place.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS IN THE BEGINING OF THE HUMILITY

8 As a result, many people became interested in politics. If he accepts people's requests for help, it means they don't have the courage to ask questions. (Read Arom at 1:12.) Even plastic surgery won't do a single thing at all. It will help you to avoid feeling scared if you have the courage to pull the trigger. If his work makes it difficult for him to drive a deaf person into the army, he can easily learn how to do it. Maybe it's too late. (Yes. 2:4-6) If a curse or a curse makes it harder for one to break into another person’s mouth, try to talk to the other person. He can make a decision to listen to the music on the phone. She may be used to phone or book a book while singing a lullaby When he is young and strong enough to obey his mother, try as much as she can to convince someone to go to the royal wedding every week. It is important to pay attention to important matters, including how much time it takes. (Arom 12:11; Col. 4:5am if it is tried all the time, everyone in the village will get a drink. Ask for his help. He will give in to temptation and 'do as he wishes'—Flip. 2:13.

Don't try to fool people. The Bible said it would be a good source of comfort to all men. We can prove that we love people when they're sent. (Read Arom 12:13.) For example, it may be possible to have a chat with a friend at home. In the middle of the cloth, if a man came from another country, one of the earliest civilizations of the earth might have destroyed the man. The juggler wowed the crowd. Although the suspects haven't been able to attend the meeting, the people of the diocese have continued to sit and confer with one another for a long time. There was a rumor that his name was Sarah. "I worry about how food will get out of me," she said. The only thing that matters to me is that I am cooking. I've always tried to get to know the brethren better than I thought I would be doing on the menu. We love our classmates when they're strangerved. It'll make us look like the idiots. To build a temple to the Lord, to build brothers. 8:10; Tom. 20.35

10 Try to show me how to do it. If we can teach people so well, then we will make sure that we heal the wounds in our hands. What can he do to help him learn how to play the piano? He can talk to anyone he can help. ( count Magahahah at 1:5; 27:17.) The old adageant says that he doesn't want a front-yard.

8. How can we improve the image of the frog in the distance? (Arom 1:12)

9. How can we protect people from animals? (Arom 12:13)

10. What can we do if we want a promotion? (Magah 1:5; 27:17) (See picture.)

June 2026 17

Because of the lack of pepper in the mouth and sugarcane, people are more likely to know each other well and then to use it for their own. (See chart below.)

No matter how well we are She will try to help. He sometimes talked to a friend of mine while he was away for a long time. That's what my brother, Heather, did. He was brave and said: "I talked about the way he had helped me get back. The prince had a falling-out in love with a woodcutter and a broken leg. She helped me with my homework. I'm glad to hear that she'll help me. As a result, I now work part-time. That's the fun thing to do. It's true we can do a lot of things to help the royal wedding get ahead of schedule.

King's Molego Grump is helping us.

11 O baobab will lie with Jehovah. A monumental arrangement helps us to paint the baby's face. The old, weak, and hard-hearted look after the old people they have built their homes in order to know that they are loved by God. (1 Tes. 2:5; jam. 1:27) Remember, it was difficult for us to persuade people to copy the proclamation. My brother-in-law has snow-white skin and snow-white hair. How can they do a lot of work?—1 Tim. 3:10

12 Wendy to have already spoken about her father-in-law to teach him how to play the oboe. He said: "I don't like my father when he is young. Because of that, it was difficult for me to finish eating chicken nuggets. My father used to take care of me. That's just typical of me. One of my oldest brothers used to play the guitar and she likes me very much. She was helping me with my homework. I remember that my little brother was sick and sent me back to Babule to help me till now."

13 will see lovers who want to help. We had a very good time in the company when a light rain fell on us. (Flp. 1:27) There are many Mmabiles in the royal orchestra who don't care about people who are afraid of violence or who don't like rumours can still harm their friends in the club. (2 p.m. 6:30

11-12. How much can the royal wedding offer offer to offer praise to God? Give an example.

13th. What do the mother-in-law's skirt reveal that they love us and support us? (See picture of this book.)

18 PIGRA ZONTUA

13) The majority of the people in our town who are in the diocese have helped us in the past to live a life of extreme pain, sadness, or death. (1 Tes. 5:14) As soon as the storm lets up, we'll need more support from the rope. (Mt. `21) We can mimic the results of our actions, know that our actions are in the best interest and will help us. Mag. 12:17

14 will be solved at the time of the crisis. Swimming in public, in public, in the open, in the open, in the open, in the open, in the open, in the open, and in the open. At that time, the sound of the alarm rang and the alarm rang. For example, during an emergency, the king sometimes talked to the judge on the floor to find out what was most important to them such things as medicine, food, water, and garden office. When that is known, they often do things that are helpful to the brethren. By the way, the museum will have allowed the King of kings to find out who the suspects were. They discussed with each other in preparation to help. What a beautiful looking look!

The more we learn, the more the love of God grew. Most of the institutions in the world have a lot of problems. The largest group in the world has over eight million people but only nine million people live every day. (Zek. 8:23; Lil. 5:11) All those who praise the Lord want to make known the good news to people! (Lil. 14:6, 7) All of us want to get something to drink from the trophy of our blood. This made it difficult for us to please our God all the time. 111:1

14. How often does the peace talks go through?

15. What does everybody give thanks to God for?

Here is a picture picture. There are two girls in the king's palace. The king's palace is decorated with beautiful flowers.

Who'll compensate for it?

A king's musical instrument worker, how does his teacher feel about the members of the savings group on his guitar?

How can we achieve a better solution to a problem of interest?

How can the redacting process help us?

June 61 Jehovah's Worship, go and call!

AUGUST 31-September 6, 2026

At the time of the 89th Century, Kwame might have seen Kwaa.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Can we figure out why learning requires so long ago? How can that be done?

Be careful with your education.

“Tell me what I have said to you so well.” 8:18

IN recent years, more and more important matters have been discussed by God in the Bible. He believed what David was singing. She sang to me; "The Lord is looking at me." Nothing's wrong with me. ”—Ca-clauses 23:1,2,5.

One of the ways in which Jehovah gives priests is through trading. If we go to classes, there's been a lot of time at the wrong place. Even if it should be that way Let's go. Let's go. In the truth, we are still looking for fruit. No, I didn't. 1:12) Who can ask a home? If I had studied so many times in the studies, would it be harder for me to keep listening? If it were for this reason, I would help. We will learn the reason why learning requires careful listening. Try to know who sent the message and who it is that it is easier to listen to it. We'll look at how much it can cost us. At first, make sure you do what you are taught in class.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

3 Jehovah followed his instructions in connection with the Bible. 2 Tim. 3:16, midnight Jesus knew this. He used to know how to express his gratitude for the freedom of religion. That made them say, 'How did this man get the job done without going to school?' (Yon 7:15) Those who sat in silence were so pleased to learn about God and his purposes that Jesus was teaching the Gospel. When the Christians were at the time of the workers, perhaps Paul and Apollos had spoken to Jesus. When they were teaching the people everything in the Bible, it would happen.

1-2. (a) What does Jehovah do for his people today? (Early 3:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we discuss in this article?

3. What does the Lord care about in bringing together his people from such a town? How does he deal with the work of such a person?

20

How can they understand what the Lord wants them to do? Let's go. Text2, 3, 18:24, 28) Tomma Jehovah's Seradoma knows the meaning of books, broadcasting, interesting books, and video games are from the Bible. Those who go to the study are always surprised that Babulela works as hard as she does in teaching. All who have a part in the field of study have a role in Babule. They often don't read the Bible alone, and they help us understand how to use it. Episode 32.

The use of the word "eye" by the Baabule in the name of God has taught us how to do it. He lives in Babylon for a long time. When we understand what he teaches us, it is easier for us to love him now. If we listen carefully in class and try to learn something from it, we will work well, and Jehovah will be happy. Seven:11.

Why should NARA be interested in science?

He loves learning and learning good news about God. (Mt. 22:37) If we study about Jehovah so much, we've loved him a lot more. That made her want to listen to him, and then thank him as much as she wants. Read Yon 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

He loves people so much he can learn good from his studies. (Mt. 22:39) In education, Jehovah always teaches us how to help old people, and those who don't know about him. Warner, Love the People—The ponds of the Poles helped us carry a lot of space in the ocean. It happened.

4. What is the purpose of education?

5. To love God is to let him have something to do with what? (Yes 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What does Jehovah teach us in teaching?

How can we listen more carefully?

Some of the brethren who have been thanks to God have spoken to them about what they do to help them learn the best in education:

• And Suefawn in 1986 said, "When you go to classes, you can always watch the speaker, and the video games."

• When David died in 1983, he said, “I am begging for the comfort of Jehovah so much that he let me make a decision about education. I remember trying to find a solution as soon as I can study, listen carefully and try to find out the answers, and try to find the answers in my grades.”

• Nicolas in 1982 said, "When I am done with teaching, I am really impressed with how he does his work, how he used it."

• When August died in 1988, "I've always wanted to believe in ghosts and never give up on what we taught in the studies, it's proven that it'll help us."

Is it harder to start talking to anyone? If it were that, every week in the week, most of the students would be listening to the brothers who work in the royal office.

7 To terl out the value of life is the reason why we need to pay more attention to education. As long as he keeps telling lies about God, at least he will have a purpose in life.

7. Why is it so important to trust in God?

June 2026

I live almost every day. (Three. 44-47) Besides listening to good news during classes, it's been difficult. We also learned how to play the oboe and shop early in the morning. (Adam 8:25) It is important for us to pay attention to our duties now and then. 00:0042-44; Lil. 1:30

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN DAGBON

The elderly usually do good in teaching, dealing with those who require guidance, need to be well-adjusted in their teaching. The explanation that he was going through was enough to know the real meaning of his words from the Bible. It could help those who depend on the blacks to know the truth about the blacks in the whites. It would help the boys understand how to use the Babule theory. If he does good in teaching, it can help people more than they think. Therefore, in this article, we are going to discuss some of the things that can help a teacher in education. It is there that we will discuss the problem with people who contribute to the building project and will be able to improve on how it works.—2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

Make preparations against what will happen. When it comes to hunting, what he wants is easier for the crocodiles to understand. After she has spoken a lot about the topic of oral history, it is difficult for her to understand the meaning of the subject. How can we improve the quality of our condolences? Who will do it?

8. Why is it that ordinary teachers need to be able to have a part in their teaching?

9. Why is it so important for me to understand the meaning of words?

Here's what it is: (1) Early in his career, let his audience know about him. (2)I speak a little louder than once. After he had spoken one dictionary, he realized that he was going to switch to another topic. (3)I will remember the beginning of his sentence at the end of the term.

10 Let me have a crush on that building. No matter how angry he is, he can make himself happy. Mag. 2:4,5; 4:20) The best way to improve the air quality is to think about all the air quality, the colour of the screen. A old man in the United States said he was still too young to listen to music when he was a kid. He said: "I remember the old man who was believed to be an expert in how to read the Bible, how to change his mind, how to say goodbye. He used to tell us how to do that. That made me realize that it was a serious matter. His words changed my life. It helped me to learn how to play the oboe, so I am stronger than Kwame."

11 Think of how it can help the students in their work. Don't just talk about things they already know and how to use them. What Babule talked about was a taboo to help them understand how to use the Hubule sounds. For example, Timothy was in Rome when Paul was trained by his father-in-law to do things that could make him famous. ( count 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) Think of how it will help the students to learn how to use it.

10. Why is it necessary for me to get involved in the emergency?

11. If he is interested in something, why shouldn't he explain to his audience what they can do? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 PIGRA ZONTUA

12 As soon as I can get over my cold, it's very hard to get out of sight. Do as much secret as you can to ensure. If he had the courage to express himself as he would have been interested in art, it would have been easier for the speaker to understand the meaning of the difficult situation. That's better than writing a letter and reading it for them. The Leprosy is performed by the Teacher of the Class. The teacher said: "The more the teacher smiles, the more he/she becomes; the more he/she hears, the more he/she wants; the better he/she is No matter how hard he is, his audience will hear clearly, he must be happy to learn something from them. They'll also want to use the work.

13 told my father that he loved to send me counsel. To lose hope, a brother can tell his brother how to get to Park Street from time to time. If he had taught himself something, he could have used it to add value to himself. Yes, tell him or her to read and explain the exact meaning of what you are supposed to do. Mag. 1:5] We all share our insights that we don't know. In that case, the brother may explain to them how to make a living as easy as those who are interested in him and give them determination to do it. We want to be able to explain clearly, thus, how we can help our audience to understand the truth about Babule before we act on it. *

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN DAGBAN

14 To remember that the advise from God is very important, it will help us to listen carefully to better education. It is important to pay attention to God's teaching that help us to play the piano, especially during this hard time in life.

12. If he is in a bad mood, why shouldn't he talk the way he is in a bad mood?

13th. When Mrs. Akolego made a terrible decision, why shouldn't she talk to a friend of the opposite sex? (See picture.)

If he wants to know what will help him to get the latest updates, read the book because it is a hard time for him to learn.

14. Why is it necessary to pay attention to God's advice as recorded in the 19th Century? (Oooma 24, 111, 167)

The brother who taught him to be a good teacher (see chart below).

23

Don't make your phone cry so you don't listen very carefully in class. Check the library.

2 Tim. 3:1) If there seems to be a lot of confusion between us and them, we need to pay attention to God's advice as recorded in the 112th Century. (Read 24, 111, 167 yeomans.

15 It is important to have a balanced view of what is taught in learning as if the minds of the people of Israel should have the same intention as the people of the year. Yes 16:15, 31) The people of Israel celebrate the first year of their calendar. From his childhood on, he has lived a very good life. And again, some people get married all the time. (Foreignity. 21:5) Therefore, the main objective of our study is to learn more about the spirit. There shouldn't be any problems with this problem. It has to be reminded that the theory comes from Jehovah. It has to be reminded that the ritual performed by the young girl is performed well. It is important to remember that the information we learn can help us to make a good decision and to live forever. 3:13, 16-18; John 3:3.

15. How can we make sure that he is happy in his studies?

16 things will help us to enjoy better education. The reason is that some of the brothers have been so grateful to Jehovah for the long time that they are able to read well in education. The name of my mother is Ashley, which gave thanks to God for over 30 years. "I hate to listen to music when I'm prepared", says Asamoah. And when I am not prepared, it is difficult for me to answer. It never made me feel like studying. My brother-in-law is József who prayed to God for more than 52 years. "I was happy when they spoke about history". No matter what happens to the brothers, it help me to understand the situation very well. The brother who doesn't know well talks to people who don't understand a language, I think what he is talking about, not what he says. That's why I know what he's talking about. It's from Ba-bulle.

16. What helped some of the brethren who gloryd God for a long time to become effective in education? (Look under the box below.)

24 PIGRA ZONTUA

17 of these things can help you to apply for better education. (1) Don't go as long as you study, and don't go there to sleep. (2) Try to get in touch before the class begins. Turn to the phone and eat at the wrong time. Think of the powerful man who can speak. (5) Try as much as you can to trust the trusted person and do what is right. (6) Write down some of the details on a piece of paper that will make it difficult for you to remember the point. (7) If the drummer talks about the drum, think about how it will affect the drum. (8) ask yourself, 'I can use the information I've learned to help a friend or person in need?' (9) As soon as I can get to the station, review the results in the dictionary, see what you're going to say, and find a seatbelt in the library. (10) Try to listen carefully to the music and watch the video games that will be played to help you feel better before hearing the lecture about God.

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR

18th must be listened carefully in class. If we do that, it means we are precious to God to his teacher. (Yes 23:3; 313) We are anxious about the theory that God exists to help us achieve what is right. Therefore, listening to good news in class and having something to do with things he/she does. (Lunter) 8:18) Whoever is faithful to God will be happy now, and whoever is not in a bad mood forever. "Yes. tomato, 14th.

17. What can one do to help him learn better? (See picture.)

18. Why is it so important to pay more attention to education?

Who'll compensate for it?

Why does learning require careful listening?

How do magnets create an easy-to-read system?

How can we listen more carefully?

A total of 87 years will pass from year to day.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

I have prayed 70 years of age to praise Jehovah's country

GUSTAVO JOEPH

I was born in 1947, the country of Cuba. Cuba is one of the largest cities in the Caribbean. The Atlantic Ocean is one of the largest cities in the world. I'm the second oldest of my parents. My grandfather and I lived in the town of Esmeralda with our parents.

I remember seeing her singing and singing with tears in her eyes. We spent a lot of time together at home. Musical talent usually blooms at an early age.

When I was five then, Walton Jones was teaching my teacher Babule. He was busy with his work and the delayed service until he was able to attend ten o'clock in the living room. When he came, many people in our house gathered at my grandfather's house where I had talked with him about Babule. My parents, my grandfather and my brother Pedro, and my aunt. They used to love what they were learning. It wasn't until a year after they discovered that Seradam. It's almost 100 years' time to traver around the country.

Then, the name of Jehovah's name was blessed in the country of Cuba and the country of the country is not the leader of the government. When Jesus was growing up in the house, people from the town made fun of him. We used to have a lot of books in the group. We had a lot of snow last year. I'm happy to see how much he's been helping us all the time. At the time, it was the best and the last thing for the year was difficult. 2 Tim. 4:2.

The history of China is older than that of Cuba.

When I was five then, my father and one brother went to a concert in Cuba. The saddest thing is that, when they went on their way, they stopped drinking unsafe water. When I remember their return, the patient left a scar on my father's brother's head and was in a deep sleep. My father died when I was young. She was only 32 years old.

When my father died, my mother made me go to live with her sister in Lombillo. It was there that we loved our son so much that we abandoned him to our ancestors, our ancestors, and our ancestors. In spite of that, my mother and I, along with my sisters, still thanked Jehovah.

26 PIGRA ZONTUA

I was born on August 26, 1957. When I sat on the couch, I wouldn't go to Lombillo. I was ten years old. Not two years ago, everything had to happen to Jehovah in the country of Serbia. In 1959, an interesting book was published.

The then government needs more and more soldiers. That made it difficult foraya to tell lies to the locals about what happened, so he did not implicate a priest in military or law-abiding matters. That music stopped singing as much as it used to be. After that, the government approved our work and graduated from the United States. They used to play the oboe and didn't care about their food. At about midnight, there was blood on the menu. The dog is going to buy some blood.

It is here that the work was made known and the year after its establishment has finally come to an end. (Heb. 10:25) Up until then, it could even be reached in public or in public places. I remember one hour ago, one of my brothers was missing his cars for a meeting. It wasn't until this year that we made the reservation or the plates. We had a meeting in the middle of the meeting. 2:12.

We were happy to hear that some of the brothers and sisters from the age helped us get the latest updates. For example, a few of the brothers who were at the time of the meeting were busy all the way from the country of Cuba. From time to time, there have been two small brothers who talks to each other at the meeting. For example, when we were sitting in the sun, the sound of the ass's hands was ceaseless. In the absence of a Nasarian fire at the meeting place, the suspicious suspects were relieved that the generator at the side of the train had been set to fire the cassette. Musical talent should not be as bad as the will of God. He didn't see much of the books in the living room and saw what was going on in the living room. We were happy when we were together with our daughter-in-law, Osaka. 8:10.

It's been during this year's work to promote business and commercial agriculture among children.

When I was 18, I began to work all day on the roads. A year later, I was elected as a roadman on the outskirts of Cuba in Camaguy. That's where I met Emelia from Santiago.

A. Tansuger Keendema School—Camagüy, Cuba, 1966

B. To the wedding day, June 1967

Who is it?

B

Asampana is called Distrito TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

to press/squeeze; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket

Yes

D. At the ministry of transport, 1990

E. News which came out in the fall of 1994, was the only company that was approved to do the work.

He is precious. She began to look up to me when I was a little younger.

I began to work at a government company where I made sugar. My wife and I are no longer working on that project and continue working all the way to praise and worship God. I took up the job at 3:00 p.m. Please wait until 11:00 p.m. I used to hate to go to work. And when I was growing up to help me with my new role in the governance and education of the country

It was not until 1969 that we adopted our sister Gustavo. At that time the team wanted me to be the manager. At that time, she can still have children as well as a full-time student. We have been busy and have been happy for many years. I spent a lot of time with Millia and I looked at each other as soon as I could. When she was a child, she gave birth to Obed, and Abner later gave birth to her daughter, Mahely.

When I remember the year she was in the field, I'm glad to see how outstanding she is to her people in the country of Cuba. He help me with my wife so that we can teach my children to love him. Let me have a little chat with you and me. Millia was the first one to finish the work.

The ministry of transport was last year, the government was last in charge of the work.

When the government approved our work, it was difficult for us to finish the training. They sang to the king's praise. The empire was founded in the center of the country. Many of my brothers have been jailed since then. They also celebrated the festival in Havana.

When we got to work on that project, it took us two weeks to assemble the baŋa to watching our music and move on to the end of the week. We used to cycle as fast as we could, otherwise the police or some people wouldn't get in touch. We used to drive a nice car. If we had been busy in the summer, we would have been doing something to look after our family. It wasn't so hard to do that. It was not until then that the brothers and sisters were so worried that we forgot to take care of ourselves. (Mr. 10:29, 30) It was important for us to pay attention to music. the cause, the police

28 PIGRA ZONTUA

Yes

to pick up and pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, or to pick up, or to pick up, or to pick up, or to pick up, or to pick up.

G

The family of Emilia, who are in the western part of Cuba, is made up of about 2000

F. June 2012 to commemorate Jesus' return to heaven

G.Stakom has a daughter Babule Junior High School in 2013.

Young people are often fascinated by science. When the police found out who the brothers were then living in, they could only be arrested. "Arom Ti 4.

During this time, most of the brethren had no money and were still looking after us. At first, the dozen had a lot of snow. Even so, the brothers used to take the mother's mosquito nets to us, so we can sleep well. Some of the brethren used to be stayed, don't care who they are, but they don't have enough food. It rained for a year and a half that we had enough to eat all of us.

If we keep track of the tank, we won't be able to bring all our children. That way, one of the year after the other went to see my mother and my brother at home. It was difficult for us to persuade him to go to church. At some point, the police were fighting; at some point, they took our books and hid them from the judge. The police had not previously reported this case.

I love William so much that when he was young he helped me with my gardening. I was able to work at the sugar company again for the job. This is what I used to do. I've been working too long since then, and I'll do everything I can't finish this weekend. His back affairs changed for the last year. I've got to make sure that they work. I have to be here all week. I didn't turn up for the job. And I realized that if I had more work for them at the end of the week, nobody would say I was leaving at the end of the week. I don't think my boss made me feel that I've been late for work.

I still have some happy years to finish my job.

One day in 1994, the brothers were in charge of the work in Cuba at 80 p.m. to visit Havana. It's been a long time since we met each other. That's how we were when we met each other. We started talking about the changes of the team. They sing to us about what happened to all of us. The boys were told to use their names in the government. Why would they sing like to do that?

June 2026

The Cuban language was translated into the Congo, in 2013.

The boys were advised to go to the government headquarters again so that they could increase the number of employees. The headteacher said that they wanted to know the names of every old car driver. All of us were convinced by his name. As soon as they started this year, the brothers who were speaking to the president made it difficult for them to get along with us.

It is clear that the government didn't give us a book to teach us that Jehovah's Seradowa can do their work in the country and that he no longer does so in the practice of teaching or teaching. Later, we realized that most of the presidents were already married to each other even though they only wanted to write the names themselves. Look and see if it was all that bad.

It was not until September of 1994, that the government approved the new name of the flag. She was another member of the group that was married 20 years ago.

In 1996, the company called me to Mary's cell phone and said we were going to come to Seattle. It took me ages to tell my aunt that I was still looking after my two children. The boys were enthusiastic about the news. They went on to tell me that they wanted to come to Seattle. It was packed that our children went to Havana in the year.

The truth is that I used to hate Bethel. I spent a lot of years in the office. My dream was to be in the office. I was not accustomed to working in the office. My wife, Elia, and many others in the Bethel plant helped me change my mind. I've been interested in history. Now, I am working happily.

I'm old enough to spend time with Emilia. They were so proud that they could see the cheeks and almost starved for years. We are so happy for our children that our ancestors praise him. It seems like summer is finally here. He sang: “I am more happy than I am: to hear that my children are still in the truth. You're OK. 4.

Asamoah and I work at Bethel. It's almost 30 years old. It's quite natural for us to get so old that some old people still struggle to use the Bethel vaccine. This is so amazing that during his career, he could humble himself as a prince. The beginning of the gospel marked the 70th year of his reign in this country of Cuba!—1 Tim. 1:11; you know. 97:1

We knocked his daughter out at the party.

30 PIGRA ZONTUA

questions are made by those who read it.

As at 4:24 p.m., what did the two of us say to Paul about the matter?

Oh, my Lord, I was speaking to Abraham and Sarah in a similar manner. He sang this year: 'All that is good is good; Abraham's two daughters are two. (Yes 4:22-24) To understand that the second character is the leather rim, the new one. They've already investigated the matter and made sure it's true. It seems that Paul was talking about Abraham's promise and not his. Find out why he said that. *

Paul said that the boat was built on top of the Sinai Hill, in 1513 BC. It's from Hagar. (Yes 4:25; Yes. 19.5,6 The Judah people who were not able to go to war were defeated. This year they get to know that they're evil. This boat can save the people of Israel from the attack if they find out who the Messiah was, the only reason why he was born was the only one who can get to the market. The ritual that was used in ancient times and in times of death, people would be arrested, beaten to death. (Yes 3:19, 24, 25) After Jesus died for a long time, the market wouldn't continue to operate.—Arom 10:4.

Paul suggested to Eve that she was married to him. Sarah, the young woman, gave birth to her son, the child, and the family. (Yes 4:23) This is Abraham's. (Yes 3:29; 4:28, 30) Bila says: "There will be peace in this town [of Abraham's grandson], there will be peace in this town. Let me feel this way."

Abraham's well-being moved as a result of what he saw in Eden's garden. (Pin. 3:15) It let us know that the 'backyard' to talk to her about would be Abraham's grandson. Does Paul say that 'the backyard' stands for Jesus Christ? 144,000 copies of the “King of Christ” will be shared with the king along the coast. (Yes 3:16, 29; Lil. 14:1-3) God bestowed blessings on Abraham if he carried out his work, those who would accept Jesus and his family would get more advice.

Why did Paul sing this song? He used to tell the story that if the pentagonist continued to be in the market, they would be as good as the one who used to be famous as the one who was a potter. and if they happens to be the last of Jesus, then they will be free like Sarah. That will save them from death. (Yon 8:32-34) If Jesus was not believed in Christ, that would show a lack of understanding of the cause of the doubt. The reason why the boat was there was so that they could identify the Christian.

Paul wrote this information to the Galatian and many others did not. They never go to the market in the year. During the pandemic, some Jews in the year decided not to break the law. Paul said we wouldn't be there to let them do that. There was no longer any need for the salary. They were already there because they believed in Jesus. 5:1, 10-14.

The story was amended to understand what was going on in The Watchtower, March 15, 2006. 10-12.

June 2026

BARBER ZOTUA call the kingdom of Jehovah

June 2026 147, No. 6 FRAFRA

There's something about it.

A report in the August 10-16 2

How can we maintain a spirit of truth in the matter of Jehovah?

A report in the August 17-23 8

How can we make friends with the Mappers?

There are 24-30 . 14 .. . . . . . . .

King's Mogul Gurumba preparations are as simple as possible.

A report in the August 31–September 6-20

Be careful with your education.

A meeting is held at 6:00 p.m.

I have prayed 70 years of age to praise God in the town of Cuba.

questions are made by those who calculate the size of a 30-year-old.

There's a problem with Babule.

Yuyasi Setto used to eat raw fish.

If he had read the Bible then he would know that Jesus' disciples were fish-cucumbered. (Mr. 1:16-20) They used to spend the summer fishing in Galilee Ateko.

If someone says that he is wearing a haircut, it means he is wearing a tie or a tie that has long sleeves around it. They spend a lot of time practicing the washing machine. If fish farmers want to catch a fish, they make the same name with the same name as theirs and if they want to get more fish they make the same name with the same name as theirs, they make the same name with the same name as theirs. They used to put a strict ban on all the heavy work that would have been done in the summer. A monument was erected in honor of the one thousand years in which the water could be mixed and the other was to reveal the feces of the ordinary.

What do whales do to money? If there's a lot of water in the sea, it could be interesting to eat. If too much flour was taken, the spices could cool off. (Lunter) 5:6) Yames and Yon were both told that they were there "that was [that] they were lying together." Perhaps they used to have a cup of coffee to form a book. (Mt. 4:21) After taking any blood samples at all, the blood was sometimes taken for granted. Luke explains that fishmen used to "pocket their yams" to get rid of everything that was in their mouth. (Lunter) 5:2. After that, the fishermen used their names to dry up. Maybe they sing that again and again will not be affected by the floods. [No] 47:10.

Jesus said to some bushmen who were fishing the fish as "fly-crowded fishermen" to catch up with him.

This book isn't sellable. People from the ages of made up their minds to help the teaching of the Bible throughout the world. If you want to find something to help, someone visited donate.v.org.

All the Baabule editions are from the Yendi paper—the French language for the NWT, which is from the New World translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. Je48/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to uv.org/ugu online business or the bank this year

J.ORG ®

w26.06-FF