SEPTEMBER 2026

GATECTYPE IN THE KINGDOM OF YEHOWA

Articles FOR: NOVEMBER 2–December 6, 2026

NOVEMBER 2-8, 2026

Article 3

You Are the One Who Gives Both Our Strength and Our Hope

TERRITORY

In this article, we will see why we can be sure that Jehovah will protect us both now and in the future.

Trust in Jehovah to Protect You

“You said: 'Yewae is my refuge.'"—PS. 91:9.

WE are following the call of the last days. And it will soon be, notable things happen around the world. Jehovah will encourage the nations to do “what he sets on top of it,” that is, “give their kingdom to the monster,” which represents the United Nations. * (Development. 17:17) Next, the monster who became powerful as well as all the allies would completely destroy all false religions. (Audience. 17:16) That would be the beginning of the great crisis. What will follow?

2 That is, governments around the world will be united against the people of Jehovah. (Express. 38:14-16) Of what? The Book of pure Worship of Jehovah—It Was Eventually Recovered! he said: “Satan shall put it upon the peoples to take the way for both true and pure worship on earth.” After that, the main event will be a tree; it is the Armageddon war. Jesus will lead the forty-four thousand people as well as the angels to destroy the wicked and save the faithful. Satan's world will go away and we'll start a new life in the new world.—Smart. 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

3 Should we be afraid if Jesus and his bride are destroying this evil Satanic system during Armageddon?

* See “Questions From Readers” appearing in the November 2025 Watchroom.

1-2. What notable events will take place soon?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

No! For what? Because Jehovah has promised to protect us. That promise is found at Ps 91:7, where it says: “You will have to fall down on your page, and ten thousand on your right hand, but you will not be near you.” Now, let us consider the answer to the following questions: What kind of protection is promised by Jehovah to his people? How does Jehovah protect us now? How will Jehovah protect us in the future? But first, we will find what is covered by the 91st Psalm 91.

PASALMO IN CONNECTION OF THE YEHOWA

The main focus of the 91st PS 91 is that Jehovah protects those who rely on him. This is evident in verses 1 and 2. ( Read Ps. 91:1, 2.) Jehovah is the Almighty and the Almighty, so we can be absolutely sure that he will protect us if we fall under his shadow. Is a bee is even more secure than that? (Rut 2:12; Ps. 17:8) The terms “place of refuge” and “hard way” lets us remember the ancient cities around which strong walls were established. These fences protect the city's residents and even people living outside the wall can log in to keep them safe. At Ps 91:3-13, the musician used his words to reassure us that Jehovah can protect us in any situation.

From Ps 91:14, words have shifted from the words of the musician directly to the words of Jehovah's own. Jehovah has promised his servants protection. (Read Ps. 91:14-16.) In these verses, Jehovah repeatedly promises his people protection because they trust him, know his name, and pray for him. We can fully trust in Jehovah because he fulfills all his promises. (Yos. 23:14) There is absolute confidence to protect its people, and there is no doubt about this!—4 Deuteronomy 23:19.

The 6 spirit of Jehovah inspired the composer to write the words of the 91st PS 91 to reassure and rely on him. (Rom. 15:4) The composer expressed confidence in the protection of the Lord by stating: “You are my refuge and my stronghold.” We can similarly trust in Jehovah. (Ps. 91:2) What kind of protection did Jehovah promise his people?

WHAT DO THE FACE IS? IN THE 91st PSALMO?

7 We have previously explained in our publications that the 91st Ps. 91 is about how Jehovah will protect us from spiritual harm. We can be sure that Jehovah will always keep everything we need to keep us well settled. But does this song only apply to spiritual protection? No. Jehovah has promised to protect his people physically and emotionally as well as rescue them from their enemies. How do we conclude that this song is not limited to spiritual protection?

8 Satan quoted words from the 91st Ps. 91 when he tried Jesus. The way Jesus responded to him gives us a glimpse into the kind of protection this poem provides. ( Read Matthew 4:5-7.)

4. How does Ps 91:1, 2 help us to trust in the protection of Jehovah?

5-6. (a) What promise did Jehovah make at Ps 91:14-16? (b) Of what can we be sure?

7. What kind of protection is promised by Jehovah in the 91st PS?

8-9. How did Jesus respond to Satan's temptations, and what was the effect of this? (Mateo 4:5-7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 3

Satan drew Jesus' attention to the words of Ps 91:11, 12 suggesting that God would materially protect Jesus, saying that if Jesus jumped from the temple, the angels would pay him. How did Jesus respond? Jesus did not say to Satan, 'You are pregnant, it is not about protecting the body.' Instead, Jesus told her: “You will never again try and kill your God." What can we learn from Jesus ’ response?

9 Jesus was well aware that Jehovah through the angels had protected his people from enemies who at times did not cause them harm. (2 King. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) However, Jesus knew that if he were to act unwisely and threaten his life, he could not expect the protection of Jehovah. Thus, when Satan drew attention to the 91st Ps. 91 to indicate that God would materially protect his servants, he had his word in it. The reason, however, is that it requires Jesus to act unwisely to try and try to get to know Jehovah. * The way in which Jesus responded to Satan leads us to see that the 91st Psm 91 applies in general to the protection of Jehovah: in the spiritual, physical, and emotional context.

10 Jehovah’s promises found in the 91st PS 91th are encouraging. Because they convinced us that Jehovah is our refuge and will protect all those who rely on him. Therefore, we should not fear the significant developments in the world in the future. Now let us consider how Jehovah is protecting us now and how he will protect us in the future.

How does the Jehovah lead us to draw close to him?

11 Jehovah protects us spiritually. This means that it helps us avoid things that can destroy us. Jehovah knows how much evil is affecting us with the fight we are fighting against. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) So he gave us the things that will help us to be good with him. Let us consider some.

12 His Word, the Bible. Jehovah warns us in the Bible about bad associations and how to govern them. An example of this appears at Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.) Jesus was referring to a man “who looked at, and looked at, a woman”. Jesus said that the man had already made “a friend with him in his heart.” What does it contain for us?

13 Pornography photos, videos, or things like that will remain in our hands for sexual orientation. And if there is any chance of illegal sexual activity, it is easy to engage in it. (Yak. 1:14, 15) Therefore, in order not to be caught in bad reviews, we need to follow Jesus' counsel to take some important steps. He said: “If your right eye causes you to sin, please take your hand and heal." (Mat. 5:29) It is important to completely avoid anything that may involve sexual desires within us, just as we would protect ourselves from a pandemic. (Kol. 3:5) Following this advice will protect the relationship between us and Jehovah.

* We have previously stated in our publications that the 91st Ps. 91 only applies to the promise that Jehovah has made to protect his people in spirit, and that Satan is disturbed by using the contents of this verse to indicate that Jehovah will protect his people physically. See page 722 of the December 1, 1974 Warehouse (in black).

10. Of what do we be certain?

11. How does Jehovah provide spiritual protection for us?

12-13. How can we overcome bad habits? (Mateo 5:28, 29)

4

GATEPA

Through his organization, Jehovah teaches us many things at the proper time to protect us spiritually

(See paragraph 15)

14 His Holy Spirit. Jehovah also uses his spirit to empower us to fight off evil desires. Continuing to ask Jehovah for his holy spirit will give it to us. (Luke 11:9-13) How can the holy spirit help us? The apostle Paul said: “Go on walking in spirit, then, carrying out no carnal conversation.” (Gal. 5:16) The explanation accompanying this passage in the white language Studies Bible states: "The spiritual person seeks the guidance of God's spirit and allows it to affect his or her thoughts and actions. Even if evil conspiracies fall into it, it will rule immediately and I will not keep thinking about it." The spirit of Jehovah does not stop bad deeds. It can, however, help us to be more determined to do what is right and to control bad deeds, and this will be a protection of the spirit.

15 His or her organization. Through his organization, Jehovah provides timely and timely guidance to protect us spiritually. Think about it: Being imperfect and sinful, we are sometimes plagued with wrong thoughts and negative emotions. For example, we have a reputation for being a compulsive liar.

14. How does the holy spirit help us?

15. How does the organization of Jehovah protect us spiritually? (See also the photos.)

SEPTEMBER 2026

5

conscience may hold us guilty of past mistakes, may cause us to lose interest in others, or become extremely anxious. “The speaker” tries to exploit those feelings to discourage us from giving. (Mat. 4:3; 6:13) The organization of God teaches us a number of things that help us be sure that Jehovah forgives us, cares for us, and will fulfill our needs. (Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Have you read anything in our books that encourages you so much that you imagine 'I'm basically the one who wrote this article for'? Remember, such instruction is given by Jehovah at the proper time in order to protect us spiritually.

16 In the case of physical protection as well, Jehovah protects the entire congregation of his servants from being completely disbanded by enemies. However, Jehovah sometimes allows enemies to persecute and kill even some of his servants to prove Satan a traitor. (Audience. 2:10; 6:9) However, Satan does not want to hear from that place. He is so distraught that he wants to lose face to all loyal devotees. (Mat. 8:9; Revelation. 12:9-12) But this will never happen! We are certain that Jehovah is using his messengers to protect his people so that they will continue to serve him and preach the good news.—Heeb. 1:7, 14.

17 Jehovah has provided us with many good advice in the Bible. And if we follow his rules, we will avoid things that will harm our physical or health. This is a way for Jehovah to protect us. (Lod. 14:29, 30:30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) However, we know that for us individuals, Jehovah does not prevent any evil that could befall us. If Jehovah protects us in this respect, it would seem Satan's propaganda, that God's servants are loyal to him because they do not allow any evil to befall them, is true. (Hiob 1:10, 11) However, we understand that the main issue in the tribe, the supreme name of the Jehovah, is primarily because of its “disappointed and allowed” enemies and evil agents. (Rom. 9:22) However, Jehovah will soon end all of his people's suffering. Even now, it will help us to endure any difficult circumstance that will befall us, so that there will be a good deal with us.—1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

How will Jehovah protect us in the past?

18 Jehovah will continue to protect his people spiritually during the great tribulation. What about in the body? If the nations conspire to attack the people of Jehovah, he will not allow them to lose face. (Express. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Jehovah will send Jesus Christ and his loyal armies to protect and construct his people against enemies of God. That would be the beginning of the Armageddon War. (Audience. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will the Lord protect his people during the war of Armageddon?

19 We must not fear the impending destruction of this evil world in the Armageddon War

16. (a) On what did some of Jehovah's servants go through, and for what? (b) Of what do we be certain?

17. Why do we not expect that Jehovah will protect us from any situation now?

18. How will Jehovah protect his people in the future?

19-20. Why should we not fear when Jesus and his heavenly armies come to power destroying God's enemies during Armageddon? (See also photo on the cover.)

6 GETEP

If Jesus and his disciples compete to fight against God's enemies during the Armageddon War, neither will be anymore. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . During that war, none of God's precious sheep would die in the hands of human or demonoid enemies.

absolutely not. Why should we not be afraid? We believe that Jehovah is our refuge and our stronghold. Therefore, we are absolutely certain that even if Jesus and his disciples march to fight against God's enemies in the Armageddon War, they will not escape. (Jeer. 25:33; Zak. 14:12) At the time of that war, only one of God's precious sheep would also not die in the hands of human or demon enemies.—Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

20 In the Battle of Armageddon, it is likely that what God's spirit said to the musician would be fulfilled in actuality: "Thank you to your page, and ten thousand to your right hand, but you will not be near you. Just look at it with your eyes, you will see how evil they will punish. Because you said: 'Yewae is my refuge,' you have made the Courage of the Heart in your place." (Ps. 91:7-9) With the Armageddon fight tree, we can expect that Jehovah will protect his people in terms of physical, spiritual, and emotional. Protecting them not only as a group but also individuals. Because you make 'Yewa your refuge', he also promised that evil will not “be close to you.” Therefore, we should not be afraid of future events. We are absolutely certain that if we continue to rely on Jehovah, he will protect us.

WHAT IS IN CONSTITUTION IN THE FOTO: During the Armageddon War, Jesus and his bride class will protect God's people.

WHAT CAN YOU DO?

What kind of protection did Jehovah promise in the 91st PS?

₹ How is Jehovah protecting us now?

₹ How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

Article 8 Jehovahwae Is Our Refuge

NOVEMBER 9-15,

Article 36 We shall succeed in our debt

This article of the Year will help us to reach the heart of Jehovah.

How We Shall Have “Difficulties”

“Admit your servant. ”—1 FIA. 3:9.

People listen to their leaders for various reasons. Many people follow law with the intention of avoiding punishment or if they are identified as blind. In the matter of obedience to God, some people perform acts of favoritism so that people may praise them. This was the reaction of the religious leaders when Jesus was on earth. (Mat. 23:5) But why do we listen to one of the reasons why we listen to Jehovah?

The people of Israel followed the guidance of the High Court although this could even cause the Egyptians to become angry

(See paragraph 3)

a sheep or a goat and its blood will be placed on the doors of their house so as to keep them safe. (2 Exodus 12:5, 7) The servant of the High Court would then pass through the houses whose doors were open and there was no human or animal firstborn in those houses. However, it would be difficult for the sons of Israel to listen. For what? The reason is that Egyptians consider a sheep to be holy and worshipped. Therefore, the children of Israel feared that if the Egyptians saw them, they would build with them. (2 Exodus 8:25-27) Nevertheless, the people of Israel found it important to listen to, and they 'acted exactly as Jehovah had directed them.' (2 Exodus 12:28) Because of this, Jehovah preserved all their firstborn.

4 That very night the Israelis left Egypt. At first, Jehovah made them head for the northern part of the calf, but the following gave them a guide that made the moya for them. He told them to return southward and camp in a place between the bay and the mountains. The place where the camp was to be praised by the High Court would cause distress and they could easily be attacked by the forces of the Pharaoh. In turn, the people of Israel listened to what Jehovah had said through Moses. (2 Exodus 14:1-4) However, when the people of Israel saw the upcoming Egyptian army, they were 'challed by birth' and charged with bringing them there to die! (2 Exodus 14:5-11) Why did it plague the children of Israel that they had listened to the voice of Jehovah? And how did Jehovah take their action?

5 The Bible states that under the grave, the people of Israel 'did not appreciate the wonders that Jehovah had done' in Egypt; they were “not remembered" for many of its favors. (Read Ps 106:7.) Although the way that Jehovah had taken their firstborn upon bringing the tenth plague upon the Egyptians, they were unable to recognize the love he showed them in that incident, and were unsure that he could no longer rescue them. Jehovah identified the attitude of theirs and stated that they had “arranged . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . According to the Frog.” Although they persecuted Moses through the wilderness, they did not change their lives. Over time, Jehovah rejected that generation and did not allow them to go into the promised land. (Ps. 106:21, 24-26) What instruction do we have?

4. What instructions did Jehovah give to the people of Israel?

5. Why did Jehovah not favor the people of Israel under the threat? (Psalmo 106:7)

SEPTEMBER 2026

9

STUE OF THE ISRAELS

6 The history of the people of Israel tells us that it is important for us to consider the reason why we obey Jehovah and the people he is using should lead us. For example, it is good to ask ourselves, ‘ Do I listen only to Jehovah when I see that it will benefit me?’ Some Israelis may have for this reason run away from their sacrifices only to prevent their firstborn from dying. We can no longer ask ourselves, ' Am I listening to Jehovah even if others reject or provoke me for that?' As the people of Israel moved out of Egypt, Jehovah made “the Egyptians become the nation of Israel.” (2 Exodus 12:36) However, after the Egyptians pursued them in anger, they could no longer rely on Jehovah, and rebelled. (2 Exodus 14:10-12) We must not act as the children of Israel, but rather trust in Jehovah and his appointed leaders. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) We should be willing to follow any direction given to us, even if we do not understand the reason for the directive or if the implementation would upset people who do not love Jehovah. What will help us not to make the same mistakes Israel made, and how can we keep a good conscience?

7 May your love for the Lord be strong. If we receive direction from the organization of Jehovah, doing so can be difficult for us if it causes us to lose weight or make things difficult for us. If we feel this way, we should remember that because we love and trust in Jehovah, we obey him. (1 John. 5:3) If we truly love the Lord, we will be content with it. Also, we will agree that it may take time for us to identify the positive outcomes of our listening.—The term. 7:8; Micah 7:7.

8 Also today, many of our brothers set a good example; they willingly followed the instructions even without understanding the reasons for such instructions. For example, during the coronavirus season, the Commission issued guidance to the congregations to hold the meetings through videoconference. An elder in Peru said: “At first, I thought it wouldn’t be possible for the brothers in our district to attend the meetings through video conferencing." Although he did not fully understand the instructions, he continued to listen and rely on God. (Lod. 3:5, 6) The result? She said: “I saw how Jehovah rewarded us when we listened. The brothers became closer and more confident in the Lord." Consider also this example. In 2020, the organization made an update on foreign languages and groups. When a sister in Japan heard that a group she was supporting was to be crushed, she said: “I want to heed to the change I have made and not speak out against it. I know this change will be very useful.”

9 Be ready for pursuit. We need to be so prepared that we can keep on doing the Kingdom work as long as they are following us. In many countries governments do not ban the preaching work. However, we need to be patient before we can communicate with God

6. If we fully trust in Jehovah, what will we do? (Jeremiah 23:4)

7. If we allow our love for God to grow, how will it benefit us?

8. How did a brother and a sister decide to listen to him?

9. What can we do now to continue to improve our ability to withstand persecution? (See also photo.)

10 GETEP

The good news of the kingdom is the one that proclaims that God will soon execute judgment on this evil world. We will continue to preach this message until the end of this world at Armageddon. (Mat. 24:14) Also in the great tribulation, it is likely that the message we will preach will be appealing to the people, and they will need to decide whether they will be on the side of God's Kingdom or reject it. Our message will be to those who hate the Lord as a “greater expression of power.” * (Development. 16:21) There is no doubt that the people of Jehovah will be angered as Pharaoh was furious in the grave. We can prepare for future persecution even if we comply with the law of declaring even if people do not treat us well now.

SRû King YeHOSAFAT AND BREAST BY YEHOWA

10 The Bible tells of the men and women who listened to Jehovah. One of them is King Yehosafat of Judah. He was the one who reigned as king when three nations came to power against Judah. It is clear that Yehosafat and his people are steeped in idolatry. (2 Kron. 20:1-3) Despite his appointment, he made a positive decision. Now, let us look at how Yehosafat listened to and relied on Jehovah and how we can learn.

11 Make the decision to seek and follow the guidance of the Lord. When he reached Yehosafat, he 'aimed to search for the Lord.' (2 Kron. 20:3) This is not the first time that Yehosafat turned to the Lord for his direction. (2 Kron. 19:3) When his enemies come against Yehosafat, he knows that only Jehovah can help him in this difficult circumstance. So he was determined to let Jehovah guide him and was ready to follow the instructions. Then Yehosafat greeted Jehovah from the heart beseeching him for help. ( Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) If we are also troubled, it is good to learn from his example. We can pray, research, seek the guidance of Jehovah, be determined to follow his direction

* See “Questions From Readers” appearing in the August 2025 Watchroom.

10. How did King Yehosafat feel as three nations pushed toward Judah?

11. What did Yehosafat do when he was scared? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

If we listen to him now, this will allow us to be prepared for future persecution (See paragraph 9)

11

Humble elders are listened to by Jehovah, the organization and other elders

(See paragraph 16)

heart, and be assured that it will help us. —Ps. <112.

12 Keep learning more from the Bible. The words of Yehosafat in his proposed language indicate that he is well aware of what Jehovah has done in the past. He knows that Jehovah fulfills his promise to Abraham to give good land to his descendants. (1 Exodus 12:7) The words of Yehosafat are in line with the washing of Solomon's words in prayer on the temple. (2 Kron. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) What Yehosafat knew about Jehovah helped him to fully trust him and be resolute in listening to him. What will also help us to be determined to listen to the Lord is to make extensive use of our “wealthy treasure.” This means that we will continue to learn many Biblical truths along with what we already know. (Mat. 13:52) As we do this, it will make us certain that we will listen to the Lord in even difficult circumstances.

13 Always bend down. The language Yehosafat suggests to us that he is a humble person. He is a king with large numbers of nomads, but he does not rely on his power to come and be with the enemies. Instead, his language in front of the nation indicates his agreement that they need God's help. (2 Kron. 20:12) As the king humbly submitted, it was easier for him to obey the instructions of the Lord immediately. If we also submit ourselves, this will make us willing to listen to Jehovah constantly.—Flp. 2:5, 8.

14 Think about the impact your actions will have on others. Jehovah answered the prayer of Yehosafat. Through the prophet Yahyaziel, he told him what to do. Jahaziel said that the nation is not going to enter the future. He told them: “Stay in your positions completely if you see the way that the Lord is accepting you.” The Bible says that Yehosafat immediately “obsessively covered faces.” This also led to the entire nation being “lowly bound to face . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and worship the Lord." The following day on their way to meet the enemies, the king encouraged the people, “Believe in your God” and “accept his prophets. ”—2 Kron. 20:14-20.

12. What will help us to be determined to keep running for God?

13. If we are humble, what will benefit us?

14. What did Yehosafat do when he was instructed by Jehovah through a prophet?

12 GETEP

15 Yehosafat expressed strong faith by appointing singers to ‘stand before the victors and give praise' to the Lord. (2 Kron. 20:21) Before Yehosafat had done this, 'warmed with the nation' first. A very good example is this that he decided to encourage the public to rely on and listen to Jehovah! Because they believed and relied on Jehovah, he accepted them by giving them the enemy their own kills.—2 Kron. 20:22-24.

16 Elders, parents, and others who take the lead can follow the example of Yehosafat. The way he listened to heart disease had a positive impact on his children. Acting as King Solomon. As Solomon was loyal to Jehovah, he asked him to give him rest so that he could judge and direct the nation as Jehovah had wanted. ( Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Yehosafat sits down by the prophet through whom Jehovah instructs him. He consulted with the public before deciding. And he encouraged them to listen to and follow his instructions. Humble elders follow the pattern set by Yehosafat. They seek guidance on the Word of God and our publications and consult with other elders before deciding on important matters. (Lod. 15:22) They show their willingness through their speech and actions to follow the direction of the organization, as well as encourage the brothers to do so. If parents also willingly listen to their children from the heart, they will set a good example for their children.—Lold. 1:8; 14:1.

17 We can be sure that if we listen to Jehovah from the heart, he will help us and guide us in any situation. He will direct us as he did in the past through the people who were to be led by him. Even if at times we do not understand the reason for some of the directions given, we should not worry about them. Jehovah’s wisdom and its ways are superior to ours. (Yes. 55:9) All we shall do is continue to agree voluntarily through the heart of the Lord.

15. What did Yehosafat do that showed faith in Jehovah?

16. What can elders, parents, and responsible brothers learn from Yehosafat? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also photo.)

17. Why should we always obey Jehovah from the heart?

WHAT CAN YOU DO?

₹ What do we learn from what happened to the people of Israel when they fled Egypt?

₹ How does Yehosafe show that he 'listens from the heart'?

What have you learned from the good example set by Yehsafat?

HADZIDZI 88

Make Your Roads Unaware

NOVEMBER 16-22,

HADLZIDZI 84 We'll Do More

In this article, we will see how the prophecy of Zakariya 8:23 is being fulfilled, and what an effort is being made by the people of Jehovah to make every language available to the speakers of the good news.

Jehovah's People Telling the Good News for “All the Languages of the Nation”

“Ten people from all the languages of the nations shall take hold of the uniform of one Jew.”—ZAK. 8:23.

In BLEMA, Jehovah rejected the rebels in Babel Moa, thus keeping their intentions fixed. As a result, humanity has become divided into ethnic groups that speak different languages and spread to areas of the world. (1 Genesis 11:6-9) However, Jehovah made it clear that his intention was to gather “a great crowd” “from every nation, tribe, people of all races and language” and to survive the great crisis into the new world. (Audience. 7:9, 10, 14) How will people of different languages pronounce the name of the Lord in the great tribulation if no one has declared it to them? ( Read Romans 10:13, 14) Therefore, it is a great opportunity for us to help people to listen to the good news in their native language so that they will believe in Jehovah and gain salvation!

2 centuries before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, the prophet Zakariya was rejected by Jehovah's spirit as predicting that “many nations will be against the Lord, and they will become [his] people." (Zak. 2:11) Then Zakariya again predicted: “This is what the Lord of armies says: 'In those days ten people from all the languages of the peoples shall take hold of the uniform of one Jew and say: “We will go with you, because we have heard that God is with you’””” (Zak. 8:23) Case-

1. Why is it important to share the good news with people in their native language? (Romans 10:13, 14) 2. What was predicted by God's spirit by the prophet Zakariya?

14

This interesting prophecy is being fulfilled in our day. Let us see how each of us can contribute to the development of this prophecy.

The term is in use as a reference to the 'general languages of the countries'

3 “Jewish” referred to by Zakariya in his prophecy represents the people whom God has anointed with his holy spirit. The same people are referred to by the Bible as “the Israel of God.” (Gal. 6:16) They will rule with Jesus in heaven. (Heb. 3:1) The 'ten men' represent the faithful who hope to live forever in Paradise on earth. These people are speakers of different languages from different countries.

4 In 1919, Christ designated a group of half-sisters as "the faithful and discreet slave." These brothers noticed that the good news had to be translated into all the countries, and this required translating the Biblical message into many languages. (Mat. 24:45) At the time, the Bible Students were already releasing “the Photo-Drama of the World of Culture” to the public in various countries, but the faithful slave saw the need for further production. For example, the book of biblical studies, titled the Eye of God, was published in 1921, and translated into 36 different languages. In 1935, the faithful slave understood that there would be a “great authority” to live forever on earth, and this ensured the extent of the work. Thus it happened that in those years, Jehovah laid the groundwork for an expanded preaching campaign around the world so that the fulfillment of Zakariya's prophecy would take place.

“ YOUR REPUBLIC WILL CONSTITUTE THE ROOM”

5 As the good news continued to spread, many well-founded people were found among the speakers of different languages. As predicted by the Bible, people from all around the world have become interested in the good news and want to worship Jehovah. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) In order to help all these people, God's people 'offer themselves freely' participate in the preaching work. But not only that, however, our publications are translated into different languages, printed, and sent to different parts of the world. (Ps. 68:11; 110:3) Also, the tools, such as .org and JW Library®, have been refined by brothers who are experts in computer projects and specialists, and this helps multilingual speakers learn a lot from the Bible.

6 The spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave brings benefits to people of all nationalities and languages. And one way they also demonstrate their appreciation for spiritual food is by contributing freely to the global declaration work. As a result, we were able to publish our books in over 1,100 languages. And every year hundreds of thousands of people get baptized.

7 Now resources are available to the people of Jehovah

3. Who are the “Jewish” standing for, and who are the “ten people” representing?

4. After Jesus established the ‘ faithful and discreet slave’ in 1919, what was the background?

5-6. How is the prophecy found at Isaiah 2:2-4 being fulfilled today? (See also photo.)

7. When we see how the prophecy at Revelation 14:6 is being fulfilled, what effect does it have on us?

SeptEMBER 2026 15

The spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave is in the best interest of the nation and of the speakers of different languages

(See paragraphs 5-6)

which enables people to communicate the good news in their native language. Angels help us preach 'the eternal good news for every nation and tribe and language and for every people.' (Read Revelation 14:6.) As we see how the predictions in the book of Zakariya and Revelation are coming into play, we get more and more faith in biblical prophecy, and we trust that this organization is using Jehovah to spread the good news around the world.

WHAT YOU CAN DO IN modern times

8 On the 33rd Pentecost, Ye-howa did a remarkable thing. He surprisingly gave Jesus's disciples disciples in Jerusalem different languages. (Work. 2:4-10) What did he do this miracle? At that time, people from all over the world came to the temple in Jerusalem to worship, and Ye-howa wanted to hear the good news in their own native language. (Work. 2:11) Today, too, with our publications in different languages, we are unable to help speakers of other languages learn about Jehovah.

9 It is important for people to hear the good news in their own language. Consider this example: Suppose someone travels abroad but you-get sick and need to go to the hospital. If you do not hear the language spoken in the country, someone will need to define what the doctor is saying to make it available to him or her to recover. Similarly today, many people are suffering from poverty and are in need of comfort and hope. The Bible contains what will help them. When we meet people in the field, work-

8. What notable event occurred on the 33rd Pentecostal day?

9. How can we help speakers of another language to understand the good news?

16 GATECTYPE

we have a variety of things we can use to help them understand the Bible's lifesaving message in their native language. These tools include videos, print and digital publications.

10 How can we use our publications and the JW Library app to announce to speakers of another language? Consider the English-speaking Brothers Robert experience. One day while giving a witness at a port, he met a gentleman from Türkiye who was a pregnancy worker. The man did not celebrate the English language, however he accepted the brochure Good News from God! in Türkye. Knowing the contents of the book, Robert was able to stop some places for him to read in their native language. The man asked a variety of questions about how things are happening in the world, and Robert used the JW Library app to show him the Biblical answers in Türkye. The man was surprised to say: “It just seems like you have heard our native language!” Robert later said: “My brother and I talked for about an hour. I saw in the conversation that we had established that he had come to appreciate the Biblical message more and more clearly." It is a great opportunity for us to help people with good hearts to listen to the Bible’s message in their own native language!

11 Even if only a tract or .org article is presented to someone in their native language, there may be a number of positive results. Therefore, it is good to be prepared to contact someone who does not share your native language using such methods of authentication.

10-11. What have you learned from the Brothers Robert experience with the box “The Hope of a Refugees!”?

Lub Neej hom thub Qab Ntu Tshiab Yajab Tswaods

Hope A Refugees With

A woman named Youa has suffered a number of deaths in life. He had to immigrate to America. She speaks Hmong, but does not understand English. Her husband does not allow her to read any books, even the Bible. Youa said: “I've always been passionate and sad.” One day, an English-speaking sister gave him the tract entitled Life in the New World of Peace in Hmong-language. Upon reading that tract, Youa found God's promises in the Bible about the future. I never heard those words. Words have gotten stronger that gave him hope that things will be better in the future. She hid the tract between her priorities. And he said that it is common for him to read it regularly. Finally, one of the daughters of Youa accepted the truth and took it to a congregation meeting held in the Hmong language. Jehovah’s Witnesses began studying the Bible with Youa and eventually also joined the siblings serving Jehovah.

SeptEMBER 2026 17

WE ARE IN CONSTITUTION WITH THE BEARER IS IN THE BEARER OF THE BEARER IN THE BEARER

12 Works by translators benefit us all. From a single language, translators have actively translated the Bible into different languages so that many can read the Word of God in their native language. * In our day, the Holy Scriptures—the New World Translation Bible has been translated into many languages and this is helping Jehovah's servants around the world to learn the word-of-mouth in the Word of God. Note what an elder in Nepal said about this translation of the Bible. She said: “When I read this Bible in our native language, it just feels like Jehovah talking to me. As a result, I became closer to God and stronger my faith." The entire or partial translation of the New World Translation is translated into over 300 languages. It is translated accurately, easily, and accurately. It teaches the truth about Jehovah. This is also why the beliefs and teachings of Jehovah’s Witnesses around the world are consistent. (1 Cor. 1:10) However, other positive elements are also notable for this Biblical translation.

13 The divine name Jehovah does not appear in many modern versions of the Bible, but it does appear in the New World Translation of the Bible thousands of times. Approximately a century ago, you would find the divine name in many Bibles, especially in the Hebrew Scriptures. Still today, religious leaders claiming to be representatives of God do not use the divine name nor do they want people to know it. For example, the Catholic leaders have removed the divine name from their Bibles and other publications. * Several other churches have also omitted the divine name from their versions of the Bible. However, in the New World Translation of the Bible, translators have restored the divine name to all the places it appears in the original manuscripts of the Bible. Therefore, you will see the name of God in all languages where the New World Translation of the Bible is translated. Let's see why this is important.

14 The Scriptures give various statements highlighting the importance of knowing and using the divine name. Religious leaders, for example, are encouraged in the Psalmos to ‘ praise the name of Jehovah.’ (Ps. 135:1) Teaching his disciples how to pray to the Lord, Jesus instructed them to say: “Clear your name." Then, speaking to his Father, Jesus said: “I have made your name known to me." (Mat. 6:9; John. 17:26) Both the apostle Paul and the prophet Joel said: "Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord shall be rescued." (Rom. 10:13) Those who use biblical versions where the divine name is omitted cannot fulfill these various passages.

* The Hebrew Scriptures were first translated into Greek in 150 BC (D.Y.) in.

* In 2008, the Catholic Church leader known as Pope Benedict Sixteen declared that no one had "to-date" the name of God in Catholic rites, chants or prayers, nor had "no mention of the name". See also chapter 4-8 of the October 1, 1997, Abbey, p. 18.

12. How is the New World Translation of the Bible in use for the people of Jehovah?

13. Why has God’s name not appear in many Bibles today?

14. According to the Scriptures, why is it important to know and use the divine name?

18 BETWEEN

15 Most of the Jehovah’s Witnesses read the New World Translation of the Bible in their native language. This version of the Bible helps them to come to know the truth about Jehovah and as a result, they become loved and reliant on him.—Lold. 18:10; Yes. 56:6.

The Bible predicted that soon, Jehovah would come to the “kings of the whole earth." (Audience. 16:14) At that time, Jehovah would protect people who knew him and listened and praised his name. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3) But those who do not believe in the Lord and reject obedience will eventually know that he is the Almighty God when he comes to them. The Jehovah himself said: “I will stand up for myself, I shall stand for myself, and I shall stand for myself in front of many peoples; if only they would recognize that, I am the LORD.” (Express. 38:23) Jehovah's ministers themselves will be glad that the Lord God is their Friend, not their enemy!—Mal. 3:16.

17 It is a great honor for us to help with the ongoing healing work around the world prophesied at 8:23. Also, it is a joy for us to work hand-in-hand with our brothers and the angels to communicate to people in many languages. Jehovah provides us with the tools we need to be able to give a voice to people from all over the country and ethnicity and language of this language. Let us, then, continue to make good use of these tools to help many to come to know that Jehovah is a compassionate, patient, and impartial God, so that they will serve him. It is a great chance for us to keep going until everyone knows the name of Jehovah and the truth about him.—Luke 11:2.

15. How do Jehovah’s people feel about his name?

16. Why is there an urgent need to get to know the true God now? (Johns 17:3)

17. What grand chance do we have?

WHAT CAN YOU DO?

Who is represented by the “Jewish” and the “ten people” referred to at the 8:23 of Zakariya?

₹ What enables people around the world to learn about Jehovah?

₹ Why is it important for people to know and use the name of the Lord?

HADZIDS 57 We Shall Save All Types

NOVEMBER 23-29, 2026

The priestly arrangement by which the sacrifice of the sacrifice was made by the Lord His love

HADZIDZI 107

The God-Proposed Model of Love

TERRITORY

This article will help us to see how the priestly arrangement by Jehovah draws us closer to him.

“Every high priest chosen from among men is appointed to perform the service of God to the people.”—HEB. 5:1.

All members of the public need assistance. Known, or not, needs it. For what? The reason is that we are all in the midst of evil, and this harms us and God. (Ef. 2:12; Kol. 1:21) In other words, evil is like a deep pit separating us from God, and there is nothing we can do to repay that burden ourselves. Without God's help, we can never have true happiness in life. Nor can we have any hope. What did Jehovah do to help us?

2 Jehovah made a good plan to save us from the evil we were going through. He ordained priests and the sons of High Priest Israel. He then ordained Jesus as High Priest to the Christian congregation. Jesus remains our High Priest today. In this article, we will consider how the priestly arrangement made by Jehovah benefited his people in the olden days. Also, we will see how today's clerical system is now benefiting us and how it will benefit us in the future. Finally, we will see how well this good program, made by Jehovah, illustrates how much he loves us.

THE REPUBLIC OF BREMA ISRAEL

3 The apostle Paul was inspired by God to explain why Jehovah had made the priestly arrangement for the nation of Israel. ( Read Hebrews 5:1.) He made it clear that Jehovah wants you to draw close to him. Therefore, Jehovah ordained the High Priest “to perform the service of God in the people.” As a result, although

1. Why do all humans need help?

2. What will we consider in this article?

3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how does the clergy system benefit true worshipers? (See also picture.)

20

The same thing as the vein separating Jehovah from humans, the clerical system is the necessary foundation

(See paragraph 3)

they are also sinful, their religion will please Jehovah. In this way, the high priest and the other priests became the foundation by which the obedient humans would approach God.

4 How did the priests help the people of Israel draw closer to and their service was appreciated? This was done in two main ways. First, priests are representatives of God for humans, through the teaching process. How did this be done? Malachi 2:7 states: “The priest's lips must be kept for knowledge, and in his mouth people will search for the law, because he is the sender of the army of Jehovah.” Therefore, it is the duty of the priests to teach the children of Israel the Mosaic Law, and to help them understand and observe it. In Nehemiah's day, for example, 13 sons of Levi helped priest Ezra be explained to the public by God's Law. It is detailed and the meaning of it is made clear, so that the public is able to understand what they are reading. This helped the people of Israel to follow God's laws and draw close to him.—Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Second, the priests represented humans in the presence of God. In what way? They lead to the sacrifice of animals in the country so that God can forgive their sins. The people of Israel knew that they rejected the language of the people of Israel, so they needed help to eradicate their bad practices. (Ps. 51:9) That need was met by the priestry provision of the sacrifice of animals by the Lord. There is no doubt that the Israelis who want to please Jehovah are very happy that Jehovah has forgiven them their bad deeds! The priestly program has made us realize that Jehovah loves his people, his work turns on them, he cares for them, and he is eager to find salvation.

ADOPTION OF THE BLIZEN BLOCK

6 In the past, Jehovah wanted peace with his faithful servants

4. What important role did the priests in Israel have?

5. In what way were the priests representing humans in the eyes of God, and what does this teach us about Jehovah?

6. In patriarchal times, what was a family chapters show similar to that of the clergy?

SeptEMBER 2026 21

space. In patriarchal times before Israel became a nation, it was common practice for family heads to lose their own and their families. For example, when Noah left the ark, he thanked Jehovah. (1 Exodus 8:20) Abraham resembles the sacrifices he made to the Lord. (1 Exodus 12:7, 8) And Job also pours libations for his sons. (Hiob 1:5) That is why some of its ministers were called priests by the Lord before he came to elect the sons of Levi to be priests to Israel. The Jehovah says: “Give to the priests [family heads], to the people who regularly come to the Lord, be careful, so that the Lord does not punish them. ”— Exodus 19:22.

7 The first person explicitly mentioned by the Bible as the priest is Melkizedek. (1 Exodus 14:18) He was also a priest. Jehovah later promised that the Messiah would be king and priest as Melkizedek. The Messiah's rule, on the other hand, will benefit humanity forever.—Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 As mentioned earlier, when the people of Israel became the people of the Lord, he ordained the priests by them and by Moses gave them the Law. Moses was appointed by his brother, Aaron, and his descendants as priests. (2 Exodus 40:12-15) Priests are responsible for the sacrifice. The high priest sacrificed for the whole nation, and the other priests sacrificed for the individual descendants of Israel. Other Lewis do various tasks to help the clergy. Jehovah provides clear instructions on what sacrifices will be made, how exactly to do so with the purpose of each. That arrangement, which Jehovah made, was a shadow of what he would later do.

7. Who is Melkizedek, and what is significant about him and the Messiah?

8. Who were the priests in Israel, and what were the duties?

9 When Jesus was baptized, he became the High Priest and served in the temple of the great spiritual temple of Jehovah. (Heb. 8:1) Years later, he gave his perfect life as a full sacrifice to fight for the evils of humanity. His sacrifice was far higher than the animals sacrificed by the priests in Israel. Jesus is still our High Priest, and he has come as a rock on which we will draw closer to Jehovah. (Heb. 9:24) When our High Priest Jesus comes to rule over the earth, the 144,000 nominees will also serve as kings and priests to help him. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) If God raises them up to the top, they will work with Jehovah and Jesus to help human obedient humans to become perfect and reserve the earth into a paradise. We are eagerly looking forward to the time when their work will be carried out!

10 As we have seen, Jehovah has long made the clergy' policy to help people draw close to him. The high number of priests paid reminded faithful Israelites that they needed money. Jehovah will continue to apply the priestly system during the Millennial Reign until human perfection. At that time, there will be no further sympathy between humans and God, so the clergy program will no longer be necessary. How does learning about this program further draw us closer to Jehovah? Let's see.

WHAT THE CITIZENCY SHOWS teach us about Jehovah

11 The Priesthood System lets us realize that Jehovah desires to be with his people

9-10. Who will be the priests to help Jesus during the Millennial Reign?

11. How does the royal priesthood make it clear that Jehovah wants us to draw close to him?

22 GBETAKRY

be close. Despite the evil effect that there has been a large gap between Jehovah and humans, Jehovah wants to compensate completely. He wants us to approach him freely, do things that please him, be his friends and be free from evil and death. (2 Cor. 5:18) The Lord knows that we are not the ones who are responsible for our own becoming sinful, we are in the midst of it. Because of this, we will plead with him. That is why he created the framework for our approach. Didn't this work out for you? There is no doubt that it gave you more love.

12 Jesus also wants the best for us to have a good relationship with Jehovah. The Bible says that Christ, our High Priest, is “a helper [of] our Father,” who pleads with us if we err. (1 John. 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25.) Of what things, then, will Jesus look at before he apologizes to you? You are more likely to pay attention to how you have been drawn from childhood, what things you have experienced in life, your health, your concerns, and other challenges. Think about also about the good qualities you show, all the good things you do and how you are faithfully serving Jehovah. Jesus knows what you think, how you feel, how you pray regularly to be forgiven by God and how you struggle hard to do what is right. In view of this, we can be sure that Jehovah will willingly accept the sacrifices Christ makes for us and will grant us mercy to forgive our sins. (Ps. 86:5) We are sure of this because Jesus is personally charged by Jehovah as our Deputy Savior who will deal with us.

12. Why does it especially comfort to know that the High Priest Jesus has forgiven us? (Hebrew 7:25) (See also the photos.)

Our High Priest Jesus values the good works we do; he knows what is in our best interests, how we ask for his forgiveness and what efforts we make to do the right thing (See paragraph 12)

13 The priestly commission assures us that Jehovah wants us to speak to him freely. ( Read Hebrews 4:16.) Since Jesus is our High Priest, this also opens the way for us to be able to approach Jehovah freely. Jehovah is pleased to listen to our prayers. When we speak to him, he communicates that we trust him and we rely on him. It can sometimes be difficult for us to express our feelings to him during prayer. Things can become so close to us that we do not know the exact things we can say about them. (Rom. 8:26) Even in such situations, Jehovah knows what we are going through and helps us. He is our Father who is always there for us, so we need to constantly approach him and share all our concerns with him.

The 14 priestly commission shows that Jehovah wants humans to live forever. (Express. 33:11) Past animals sacrificed by devotees cannot completely remove their evils. (Heb. 7:19) But such sacrifices are a shadow of the perfect sacrifice of Christ Jesus. This sacrifice makes it easier for God to forgive us our sins. He also expected those who listened to him to receive everlasting life. Am I personally happy that Jehovah has made this good arrangement so that humans can come to life forever?—1 yoo. 4:10.

15 The people who were chosen by Jehovah to be priests have made us realize that he loves us. Like Jesus, everyone must also continue to be faithful to death. (Flp. 2:8; Revelation. 2:10) Yes, they shall be faithful to the Lord, and their faithfulness shall be worthy of all men. Therefore, we can be sure that in the Millennial Reign, they will help us to do what is right with love and motivation to become perfect. They will help us to be completely free from the evil that we have inherited from Adam and Eve. All these good things will happen because of Jesus' sacrifice. Jesus and his fellow rulers will be helping us until all human beings are as perfect as the will of God.—The wisdom. 22:1, 2.

16 Christ, our High Priest, knows the difficult conditions we are facing, and is sympathetic to us because he himself had experienced similar situations while on earth. ( Read Hebrews 4:15.) Consider the following: Are you sometimes tired of being biliberal? Jesus was also humiliated. (Yoh. 4:6) Do you sometimes experience a shortage of work and water? Jesus was also more hungry and hungry. (Mat. 4:2; John. 19:28) Do people persecute or ridicule you for your faith? It also happened to Jesus. (Yes. 50:6; John. 15:20) Is there any one of your main character who lets you go? Jesus' friend Lazarus died, and his adoptive Joseph also likely died. Because our High Priest, Jesus, has already passed through the conditions we are facing, we are guaranteed that he understands us and is sympathetic to us.

17 Priests of the 144,000 also understand us when working with Jesus to help humans become perfect. These men and women were also imperfect and sinful people while on earth. It is known how a person feels when he or she makes a mistake and how a conscience is--

13. For what other reason did Jehovah appoint Jesus as our High Priest, and how does this benefit us when we pray? (Hebrew 4:16)

14. How did Jesus' sacrifice make it clear that Jehovah wants us to live forever?

15. How do the people chosen by Jehovah to be priests in the Kingdom give evidence of his love for us?

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 give us insight into how well the High Priest appointed by Jehovah is?

17. Why can we be sure that everyone understands us when it comes to helping them to be perfect?

24 GБЕТАРА

cause distress. These priests are aware of both the physical and emotional effects of disease. They are people who have been chosen on different occasions, come from different countries and families, and have experienced various situations in life. Regardless of what you are going through, you know that one of the 144,000 people still passed through.

18 All of the lessons we learn about the priestly process that Jehovah has created makes us realize that he loves his people, his work turns around, he cares for them, and he knows what they are going through. Our enemy Satan always wants to interrupt us, but Jehovah is not at all the same. (Audience. 12:10) This lesson tells us that Jehovah has made a lot of arrangements to draw close to him so that we can be sure that we can be his friends who are fond of him. Does this not make you realize that Jehovah loves you and yearns to forgive your bad deeds? And does this not make you also love the Lord more?

19 The priestly provision of the sacrifice of the Lord assures us that if it causes us to be inconsiderate for our evil deeds, the Lord understands our situation. He knows that we are the ones who made it. (Ps. 103:14) Jehovah does not focus on our mistakes, but on our good qualities and the kind of person we are trying to become. If we focus only on our wrongs and mistakes, we need to remember that Jehovah is “greater than our hearts, and all things are beautiful. ”—1John. 3:20.

20 We also came to realize that Jehovah has created the priestly system so that we can serve him accordingly. It is very important to be close to him. This loving good program provided a deep gap between him and his faithful servants, and as a result, they could easily get close to him. There is a need for us to follow the advice given us at Hebrews 4:16, where it says: “Let us be free to approach the throne of grace, so that it may be compassionate to us, and painful to us in the day of need.”

18. What does the priestly arrangement of Jehovah teach us about him, and how does this make you feel?

19. When it does not make us feel alone, how does Jehovah protect us?

20. What is your interest in the creation of the priesthood by Jehovah, and what are you determined to do?

WHAT CAN YOU DO?

₹ For what purpose did Jehovah create the priesthood system for humans?

₹ Who were the priests used by Jehovah at various times?

How do you fall under the clerical hierarchy against the Lord?

Article 16 Hail Yahya for the Messianic Kingdom

NOVEMBER 30–DecemberMBER 6, 2026

The HADZI 22 Kingdom is Underway—Neva Examine!

This article will help us to identify three things that can harm us and how we can avoid them.

Be careful not to be affected by the “world’s Spirit”

“Everything in the world . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . The child is not from the Father." —1 YOH. 2:16.

WE are part of the world ruled by Satan. (Yoh. 14:30; 1 John. 5:19) He will come firmly against Christ's followers. (Audience. 12:12, 13, 17) This does not mean that Satan is anywhere in the world in any hour. In fact, the Bible does not specify that this ability is possessed by loyal angels or by demons. However, Satan is in the role of a large number of evil angels who are demons. (Audience. 12:9) And there is also something Satan always use here: he is the spirit of the world. This spirit is affecting most people, even without their own knowledge. ( Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) Even people who do not believe in Satan do what is pleasing when given the world's spirit control over their lives. The Bible says of these individuals that 'Satan caught them alive for his will. ‘—2 Tim. 2:26.

2 In the past, many of us had been living as the majority of the people in the world live. However, as we become aware of the person who is influential in such people's reasoning and actions, what changes have we made? We have followed the Biblical advice to “hostile and world discussion”. (Tito 2:11, 12) This means that the mountain industry that Satan has power and influence in the world does what he wants us to do, we are against him and he is helping us. (Yak. 4:7, 8) We Trust

1. How does Satan affect many people in the world today? (1 John 2:15, 16)

2-3. (a) What contrast is there between Jehovah's ministers and the people influenced by the 'world spirit'? (b) Of what do we need to be vigilant?

26

It is easy to be influenced by the spirit of the world (See paragraph 5)

Keeping that Jehovah is very happy as we are deeply enjoying not being affected by the spirit of the world!

3 However, it is important for us to be vigilant. Because the reasoning and actions of the people we live in may gradually affect us. This has happened to some brothers who have made significant changes in their lives to serve Jehovah. (Ef. 6:11; Flp. 3:18) This article will give us some tips that will help us not to be affected by the spirit of the world. But first, let us consider what the term, 'the spirit of the world' means.—1 Cor. 2:12.

WHAT IS 'The GOVERNMENT of the World'?

4 In the Bible, 'the spirit of the world' means how people who do not love God behave, or think about things. Those influenced by the spirit of the world search for themselves. And they often do not want to abide by the requirements of the High standard of good conduct. For example, today many people think that there is nothing wrong with bad speech or bad conduct. They do “will of the peoples," rather than the will of the Creator.—1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The Bible says that Satan is “misleading all the inhabitants of the earth," and the spirit of the world is an important element he uses to accomplish this. (Audience. 12:9) The apostle Paul likens the spirit of the world to 'air.' ( Read Ephesians 2:1, 2) This model is very similar! Just like

4. What is ‘the spirit of the world,’ and how do its members respond?

5. In what way is the spirit of the world like 'ya'? (Effects 2:1, 2) (See also photo.)

SeptEMBER 2026 27

The poison gas that has taken place anywhere is harmful and is easy to get away with, the spirit of the world is also harmful and dispossessed. The spirit of the world can affect a person without losing sight of what it can quickly look like. Let us, then, consider the ways in which this can happen and how we can avoid it.

TRI become aware of the dangers associated with malaria.

The Bible states that in the last days people will be “prouds, arrogants,” and “people who do not agree with any policy.” (2 Tim. 3:1-3) These bad situations appear in the context of many people today. For example, news reports indicate that people speak out against one another and become hostile and violent towards one another. And in many families, the husband, wife and children are also divorced. Many people also use divorces—both for children and for the elderly. (Ef. 5:3, 4) The oral tradition shows that they are controlled by the spirit of the world.

7 We Christians should set a good example in speaking, as we communicate with people face-to-face or through electronic means. (Yak. 1:26, 27) You may ask yourself: ‘ Am I using hurtful words when I am angry or when dealing with people who do not know that he is not one of Jehovah’s Witnesses? When I'm talking to my siblings, do I use vulgar language or do I speak disrespectfully to them? Do I speak to my family? What will my relatives say about my speech?'

8 What can we do by noting that the world's spirit is affecting our speech? We need to refine the way we communicate. But that is not all. Remember, Jesus said: “The things out of the mouth are from the heart, and those are the things that resemble." (Mat. 15:18) Jesus' words indicate that what we say reflects our thoughts and feelings. That is why the Bible cites the phrase 'obscenity' along with other adverse situations such as strikes, rage, and arrest warrants. (Ef. 4:31) If you notice the need to give up such bad conditions, pray to the Lord to help you develop the 'new personality' more. ( Read Colossians 3:8-10.) Also, you can research in our publications to find articles that will help you. Be determined not to keep the spirit of the world in control of your actions or speech.—Ef. 4:29.

EMPLOYMENT

9 Another manifestation of the spirit of the world today is the reluctance of many to fulfill the requirements of the good life of the Lord. Many people recognize abortion, premarital sex, as well as homosexuality, and even encourage it. (Yes. 5:20) If we are not careful, the spirit of the world can gradually make us feel nothing wrong with those things. (2 Cor. 11:3) We can even come to mind

6. How does the spirit of the world manifest in folklore today?

7. What questions can we ask ourselves about our speech?

8. What can we do to avoid making false statements? (Coloss 3:8-10)

9. Today, how do many view Jehovah’s guidelines for good conduct?

28 BETWEEN

also that the world considers such actions to be blind, while the Bible's guidelines are slow. But that's a big lie! Jehovah’s instructions always benefit us. Jehovah's ways are higher than human beings and they are less likely to become raindrops as time passes.—Yes. 18:17, 18; 55:9.

10 Those who want to please the Lord must hate what he hates. (Ps. 97:10) So it is good to ask yourself: 'is it not in myself that the requirements of the Lord for good conduct make it impossible for me to live as I please? Does my actions indicate that I share what I am learning from the things that Jehovah hates? Is it up to me to have Jehovah change his requirements so that I can live the way media does?'

11 What can you do, however, if you notice something that Jehovah hates? Do not assume that you are no longer able to live up to Jehovah’s requirements. Remember, neither of us is perfect, and sometimes bad reviews us. (Ps. 51:5; 103:14) However, you can choose to do what is right and refrain from doing 'physical will'. (Ef. 2:3) Also, you have to suggest things that will appeal to you. If you detect a bad conspiracies with me, immediately remove your eye with an immediate focus on the things that Jehovah hates. (Genesis 39:9, 12) Then think about how those things can harm you and Jehovah and your relationship with others. Make a resolve not to destroy that precious relationship. (Ef. 5:5) With the help of Jehovah, you can learn to hate evil.

RISE FOR INTERNAL BEARER

12 Many of us use the Internet in our daily lives, and we even work on it in the service of Jehovah. However, many things on the Internet promote the spirit of the world. For example, pornography is extremely popular online, and both children and adults are vulnerable to it. Mobile text messaging has become very common, especially among youth, photos, videos and issues related to sex. Even, there is a lot of online content that distorts or obscures the truth. People upload photos and videos of the entertainment they have been involved. Those photos and videos as well as written captions can make us feel that we should spend more time on entertainment and tourism, even if this interferes with our service.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 We need to be careful not to spend too much of our time using the Internet or have a bad impact on our thoughts and actions. In view of this, we can ask ourselves: 'How much time do I spend surfing online things watching photos, videos and other things that are not necessarily necessary?' (Ef. 5:15, 16) 'What type of items do I see or

10. What questions will help us to know if we hate what Jehovah hates?

11. How can you hate the things that Jehovah hates?

12. How does the spirit of the world manifest itself on the Internet?

13. What questions can we ask ourselves about how we use the Internet?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

read online? When something wrong appears, how long does it take before I look at it?' (Ps. <37) 'Does I accept this thing I hear or see on the Internet right away, or do I regret not to know the truth?'—Lold. 14:15.

14 To avoid the spirit of the world, don't spend too much time online, and distract yourself from watching anything inappropriate. Parents should also pay attention to how their children use online social media. (Ef. 6:4) Researchers report loneliness, anxiety and depression are more troubling for youth who spend more time online social networks than other youth. If you follow the good advice contained in God’s Word, you will not be affected by the world’s dominant online spirit.

YOU CAN RELEASE THE FACE FOR THE World!

15 If you recognize that the spirit of the world is affecting you in some way, take steps needed to rectify the situation. Consider Gloria* experience. She learned the truth as a child, but in-

* We have changed the names of this article.

14. What can we do to prevent the world's dominant online spirit from harming us?

15. What have you learned from Gloria's experience? (See also photo.)

What can you do to prevent the spirit of the world from affecting you? (See paragraph 15)

30 GБЕТАРА

denied money and fame became more important to him in life. She said: “I have come looking for me to become a billionaire. As a result, I no longer attended the meetings and soon I no longer wanted to be a Witness." Gloria later came to the realization, however, that she had been influenced by association with people who did not love Jehovah. What did he do? She said: “I have spent more time studying the Bible for myself and prayer, and I have stopped associating with people who do not serve Jehovah. Although I am not now wealthy, Jehovah is omnipresent. And I am pleased that I am no longer the world of Satan's domination over my life, but the God."

16 Consider Robert's experience as well. The influence of her classmates as well as the negative effects she had on her hobbies caused her to become involved in smoking, drunkenness as well as sexting. She said: “I feel free to do whatever I like about it.” However, Robert later realized that he was not at all free, but rather slaved for the world. (2 Pet. 2:19) What did Robert do?

16. What have you learned from Robert's experience?

She said: “Now, I only associate with people who love Jehovah. I have made a lot of changes to my lifestyle, attitudes and speech.” How does Robert now feel? She said: “Every day I wake up, I remember being living a very different lifestyle than I used to be. This is a great reward that brings me a lot of joy and satisfaction.”

17 What have we learned from this article? We realize that we must resist the spirit of the world. This requires avoiding bad speech and bad manners, and avoiding online harms. Although the spirit of the world is very strong, it is no longer comfortable with you. You can avoid it. The truth is that Jehovah has power beyond Satan and his evil world. ( Read 1 John 4:4.) In addition, Jehovah will give you his holy spirit, the most powerful force in the universe, to help you control the spirit of the world. (Luke 11:13) Let us all be determined to continue 'following the spirit of God' and overturning the spirit of the world!—Gal. 5:16.

17. Why do you guarantee that you will be able to control the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

How can we make sure that we do not keep the spirit of the world in our own right?

How we communicate

How we live

How we use the Internet

124 ADZIDZI

We Shall Be Loyal

GATECTYPE IN THE KINGDOM OF YEHOWA

September 2026 Vol. 147, No. 10 EWE

IN THIS TATA

Study Subject for November 2-8 2 Trust in Jehovah to Protect You

Study Subject for November 9-15 8 How to Make Us “Mobilize”

The Study Subject for November 16-22 14 Jehovah's People Telling the Good News for “All Languages of the Nation”

The Study Articles for 23–29 20 The Priestal Provision by Jehovah Shows His Love

Study Subject for 30 November–December 6–26 See if “The Spirit of the World” No More Influences You

BIBLIA

“May the Peace of the Christ Control in Your Hearts”

Colossians 3:15 describes “the peace of the Christ”. What is “the peace of the Christ”? It is the inner satisfaction of being a disciple of Christ. We find this peace when we know that Jehovah and his Son love us.—Yoh. 14:23, 27.

The apostle Paul encouraged Christians in the Colossians to have this peace in their hearts, referring to their inner person. How can this be done? The Greek term for 'winning' used here by Paul is associated with the term for referrer (reference or arbitrate) in sports. This means that just as that referee decides how to play the game, so should we let “the peace of the Christ” teach us how to live.

For example, if a disagreement occurs between us and a fellow Christian, we need to make “the peace of the Christ” a “declaration” for us. This model decision will help us to know what we will do to ensure peace and harmony. By acting on what it means to do and desist from doing what we want ourselves or freely seek peace, it means that we are letting “the peace of the Christ” rule in our hearts.—Kol. 3:12-14.

This book is not being sold. It is part of the worldwide Biblical teaching project supported by voluntary donations. In order to make a donation, we apologize, car donate.jw.org.

The scriptures mentioned in this book are inspired by the Holy Scriptures—The New World Translation of the Bible, unless we point to a different market.

The Watch Tower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and the Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Open the .org website, or take your device scan button

JW.ORG®

w26.09-EW