JUNE 2026

JEHO VA leaves the JEH VALD

Adzesua: AUG GUT 10#SEPTTember 6, 2026

Duke August 10-16, 2026

Regardless of Your circumstances, go on and continue to serve Jehovah.

Lord, have you come to him and we will go? She gave birth to issues that resulted in an end to her life. ”—GHN 6:68.

NDW is 123th July, Mma Hom Nsinsim!

DIA JEBOSAA We will consider what can help us to continue to serve Jehovah regardless of what happens to us.

A Da Kor, was speaking to a crowd in Captain, and he said to them: “If you don’t eat the body of the human beings and don’t drink the blood, they have no life in the body. He also said to them: “ anyone who eats my body and drinks my blood has not finished his life, and I will wake him up the day after him." (John 6:53, 54) When the disciples of Jesus heard this, they did not say the same thing to most of them, so they said: “This saying is with his mouth; can you listen? ”—John 6:60.

2 Many of the things that Jesus said affected his followers, so they abandoned him. This shows that they didn't believe him, did they? Of course, he was believed. Because even before Jesus came up to say this, the first had already done some wonderful to them, and they even said: “This is the answer for the world.” (John 6:14) So it is clear that they believed in Jesus, but when they were worried about what he said, they abandoned him.

3 But as for the ministers, they continue following in the footsteps of Jesus.

1-202 What happened when Jesus was teaching in Captain?

3. How did the officers react to what Jesus said, and why did they do so? (See picture above.)

2

Many of Jesus' disciples left behind him, but Peter and the other brothers continue to follow him (See section

When Jesus asked them if they too wanted to go, Peter answered him: “ Lord, are you coming near to him and we are going? She gave birth to issues that resulted in an end to her life. We have believed and we will know that she is the Holy Spirit of her God. (John 6:68,69) Looking at what Peter said, it shows that when Jesus said that he should be treated with blood, he did not understand the rest of the Gospel, but they went on following him. What was the reason why they did it? Because they were so sure that Jesus is "the Christ of God. ”—Luke 7:20, 35.

4 Some events can happen that can make it challenging for us to continue to serve Jehovah. One of the symbols used to bring out a new explanation of a text, or they have changed in how we are doing the preaching work but we have never started to understand it. But sometimes we do not understand that it is just because we are going through a problem. Or one of our fellow Christians has done a very good thing to ourselves, or that the one we respect so well is not ours. Each of these things can make it harder for us to continue to serve him.

5. If we let our faith stand firm, it can help us to cope with any hardship we may face. To example, the structures in places where disasters are common, they effectively laid down their foundation so that if there is a calamity, they do not break down. Similarly, if we can take our eyes on the challenges described in chapter 4, we need to keep our faith strong. If we do things that will keep our faith strong, it can help us to stand firm and cope with any difficulties we may encounter, we will continue to serve Jehovah.—1 Cor. 1558; read Colossaes 1:23.

4. What challenges can we face?

5. What is the reason why we need to keep our faith strong? Take an example. (Colossians 1:23)

JUNE 2026 3

6 When many people abandoned him, why did he help the officers to continue following him? Various things that the ministers believed helped them to do that. They believed that Jehovah created all things and therefore he deserves to be worshipped. Also, they believed that Jesus is the Son of God, and if they listen to him they would “be saved.” Similarly, they were aware that God was pleased with what Jesus is doing. In this lesson, it's not something that can make it hard for us to serve him and we are going to talk about it. Let's, however, consider three truths that can help us to keep on serving Jehovah no matter what difficulties we might face. These are the true words that are: 1: 1 I am the one who created all things. 2. The Bible was written by the one who created it. (3) The worship of the Asante people ofe is the true one. If we really believe in these three truths, it will help us to cope with any problem we may face.

JEHO VALH

7 Read Article 411. This text allows us to know that all things are created by God. Even this fact alone allows us to know that he is worthy of our worship. Also, if we think about his power, it gives us a lot of hope that he can save us from any trial we will face. But today, he has deceived many people into thinking there is no God. Some even say, everything in the world was just came up, and not everyone was created. That is why if we are not sure that Jehovah is the Creator and he loves us, we will not be afraid to think that there is no one to help us when we are facing examinations.—heb. 11.6.

Here is a list of: IAC/Rgo/D even Malin

6. What was it that helped the mission to continue following Jesus?

7. What is the meaning of John 5:11 to know about our Lord, but what can we think of when we are suffering with examinations?

Did you read the Was Life Story? Even if the Bible can be read, it can be read again (See chapter 7

8 If you just think that he is not the one who created all things, don't sit down, do something about it quickly. If you read some of our books, you get more evidence that will help you to be more sure that everything was created by Jehovah. Are you going to get some of these evidence in the Was Life Story? is the Story of Live—Fine Story Warth As-king. You can also find some of the news on the next video that is called "But was it created? " in the jw.org. Mercy is a young lady in the United States. He said: “When I finished reading the Story of Live books, I came to believe that, indeed, there is a wise creator. I had already known that there is a God, but when I finished reading the book, he made me very believe in it.” More of the brothers have read Is There a Creator Where Carrie Of You? The Bible, which has greatly helped them to believe in the existence of a Creator. Some of you have read this book before, but when you read it again, it will help you very much.

9 Make it a point to examine the evidence that God is there. What you will see will give you a strong belief that there is someone, and it will also help you to know him well. (Rom. 1:20) It can also help those who feel that there is no God to trust in him. All we are saying is that, God has given us a lot of evidence to prove that he is the Creator.

JEHVah led to the arrest of the Bible.

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. The words of the Bible are the words that he wants to say.

8-9. If you think there is no Creator, what can you do? (See picture above.)

10. So why don't we play the Bible at all? 2 Timothy 3:16, mend

call all the women. It gives an answer to questions that hinders our thinking. It gives us insight into the reason why God created us on earth, and it shows what he wants us to do. We strongly believe that Bi-ble was written by God, so we don't joke with it at all. That's why we try to understand the details, and use them in our lives.

11 What is the most important reason why we believe that the Bible was written by Yeho-vah? What makes us believe in him, he is full. For example, all the things the Bible says he did in ancient times are true. (Luke 3:1, System Then again, what he says about our land, that is the same as it is. ( Job oro7) The devil has done all he can to prevent people from accessing the Bible. But today, the Bible has been translated into a variety of languages, so you can find it anywhere. About 40 men wrote the Bible, and it was about The Bible was not written today, but its principles are still helping people in their lives. (Proverbs. :20; 1521; Mat. 7:12) Apart from all the above, many of the Bible's promises have come true. (Josh. Laughter 14) All these shows that, the Bible was written by God.

12 And what if there is any idea that God is not the one who made the Bi-ble to be written? We need to talk about it with Asamoah and find evidence to prove that it was the one who made the Bible be written. A boy named Jordan is the child of a boy.

11. What causes it to believe that the Bible was written by God?

12. Just if it is in our opinion that God is not the one who made the Bible be written, what can we do?

JUNE 2026

5

The love and unity between us, you must watch (See Section.

He was trained in the truth. He said: “I don’t believe anything I hear. All I hear, I want to do my research and see if what you're saying is right. I say, sometimes, I don't feel more than I think about certain things. When this happens, I do research in our schools and it helps me to make a decision. We will be more confident if we keep in mind that the Bible was written by God.—1 Cor. 3:12, 13

JEHO VAH RGYERE

13 As soon as it is time for us to consider that if we don't really worship the true worship of our Adanse people, we don't have to discuss it at all. However, we can ask ourselves the following questions: ‘Why are you trying to live with the Bible? Are you and they based their ideas on the Bible?' 2 Tim. 4:3, ‘You are drinking the spirit in you today and doing the will of Jehovah?’—Matthew. 7:20, 21

13 What should we do if we think that the religions of the Adanses are not the true religions?

14 Today, God wants everyone to hear the good news about the Kingdom before the destruction of this wicked world. So if we want to know who is doing his will, we can ask ourselves, 'What are you saying today'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' (Matt. nt14) Anyone will admit that, it is the people of Jeh Adase who are preaching the good news of God's Kingdom. We are the only ones spreading the good news about this Kingdom to people in over 20,000 lands, and we have been doing this work for over 100 years. In fact, the preaching work is more important than any of the work.—Matt. 28.19, 20.

15 Read Matthew 1:9 and chapter 43. We are very grateful that we are called by our God, because we are responsible for his name. Sadly, many people do not know that name, but our organization has established that name anywhere in the Holy Scriptures—the New World Bible. So

14. What work is being done by the people of Jesus Adanase to bring about the situation in the late 14th century?

15 What is the purpose of the appointment of the King of the David Adanase people today? (Matthew 5:9; July 43:10)

6

If you examine that Bible, you will find that the JE-hovah name appeared more than 7,000 times in it.

16 Read John 1:34, 35. Today, the world is full of shame. But the love and unity between us, it matters to you. We are not from one place, and it is high place where none of us was trained, but we love ourselves and peace among ourselves. Have you ever gone anywhere to study there? How did you feel when you saw the love and peace between the brothers? We believe that he made you very happy. All this shows that the worship of the King of the King is the true one, and he is with them. If we think about the love and unity between us, it will enable us to continue to serve him regardless of the difficulties we will face.

CREAD ARA Sgrad JEHO VALH

17 Because we are living in the last days, things are hard for all of us. 2 Tim. 3.1, Use some Bibles to make it harder for us to continue to serve Jehovah. If we do not understand some of the instructions from God's commands well, it would be hard for us to work with them. A fellow Christian can also do something to make us very sad. If something like this happens, we don't even know what we're doing or if it can make our mind blind.

18 But in all this, if we let him in our thinking that he created everything, that he made the Bible be written, and the true religion of the JE-holwah Adzeh can help us continue to serve him. And as Peter said to Jedus, we too can say to him: “You are from him and we are going to go? She gave birth and it has issues that make her last life forever.

16th century . So why can we say that the Adaase people are following the words of John 1:34, 35? (See picture above.)

17-30. What challenges can we face, and what issues can we discuss?

PHOTOS Considering on page 6 of the magazine Maa-me sat down with her daughter on the bus, and happy to see some brothers doing the preaching work.



Thank you to him and he created everything.

It was with respect to the Lord that the Bible was written.

Thank you to continue to support his servants today.

NDW is 123.

Humble to God's arrangement

Duke August 17-23, 2026

Continue to Be neeming for One of Your Christian Brothers

Be compassionate, compassionate, Humble, calm and patient.—Col. 3:12.

NDW figure 90 We encourage One another.

DJIA YEBOSAa We will consider what we can do if there is a dispute between a fellow citizen.

Living in this WIADzeE is very painful. Even if you don't have a friend, the matter is completely settled. He knows this, so he has made him friends in the Christian congregation. (Psym. os63) Just like how we love ourselves, when we talk about it, we will catch up with it.

2 Not only do we not just associate with our fellow Christians, but they are our true friends. In fact, we like them very much. One thing that makes us love ourselves is that we love both Jehovah and Jesus. But this same love is the reason for us to be united. (John 1:35) But our fellow Christians are not hunters, they are also bad to themselves, so they can sometimes act to harm us. But we have to do all we can to live with them.

3 In fact, we are closer to some of our brothers than to others. What are the benefits? Some brothers and sisters like one another, and so do we. Or even as they build their own things, so we also act. But as for some brothers, it is difficult for us to make friends with them. Sometimes we don't agree with them, and this can destroy our relationships with them. Some of the brothers are absolutely different from others, so we didn't even want to take our cases to them. Also, sometimes when one of our brothers is seriously sick or passing through a crisis, how he or she may react can make it harder for us to stay close to him. In this lesson, we will consider some of the various things that Jesus did that can help us to remain faithful to our brothers. but, relax.

1. Are you drinking and being our friends?

2. Do we just associate with our fellow Christians? Explain.

3. What's the reason why it's sometimes hard for us to make friends with our fellows?

8

Let us first consider some of the qualities that can help us to maintain peace with our fellow people.

If we have any good clothes we would use to we would use our cloth to weave ATUA AS constipated.

4 When we focus on the good character of our sibling, it can help us to stay positive with them. But, if we don't get along with our siblings, how will we know their good character? He was very fond of being with his cousins. So he said to the Christians in Tesalonica: “ We did our best to get to know it again. 1 Theres. 2.As more sisters say, when they meet their fellow Christians and communicate with them, it brings them closer together. So yourself, don't talk to your siblings. When you sit in the ministry, meet in class or at a meeting, don't talk to them. But, if you keep in touch with your fellow Christians, that doesn't mean that they are still going to be better together.

5 If we have good behaviors, regardless of what happens to us in relation to our fellows, we can be fixed. ( ReadColossah 3.12.) Humble and compassionate, kind, and patient, it can help us to continue to treat our fellow people with care even if they do things that hurt us. Just as a car needs a matriline to be able to operate properly, so, if we have good behaviors, it can help us to stay at peace with our fellow passengers. Also, let us consider three factors that can destroy relationships with our fellow people. If we are to think about any of these things, we will know that by learning the spirit of pride, patience, kindness and the qualities that Jesus had, it can help us to continue to treat our fellows.

AS AbeR n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n

6 What's the reason why he can destroy it? When there is a conflict between the two brothers, you will usually find that each of them thinks that he or she is very sweet. He made it known that two brothers have not been in agreement in the specific territory in which they want their preaching team to work. Each of them thinks it's what he's saying that he's going to help. This news can bring a lot of language to them. So if they do not submit and do not pay attention to the matter, and everyone wears his or her own words, it can destroy them. Then you will know that the statement that was not a child's problem was now a issue.

7 Learn how Jesus was humble with himself. Jesus helped his pupils to realize that, if you can solve the conflict between them, they should be Humble. The main reason why he did this was that, his students were always very arguing. And everyone thought that he was the greatest among them. But as Jesus wanted them to have their behavior cured, so he told them that everyone should treat each other as more than he or she does. (Matt. Jo25-28) Even the night before his death, he washed the legs of his pupils. This work was done by young people, but Jesus wanted to let his students know that they should be humble, so he did it. (John 1:3-5, 12-16) Jesus made known that, if they are humble, he wouldn't give them.

4. How can we stay closer to our fellow Christians?

5. Of what benefit is it to help us continue to pick up our friends even when they have done something disturbing? Take an example. (Colossiansa 3.12)

6. If a brother is in agreement on a matter, how will it affect them?

7. What did Jesus do to give his followers the hope that if they are humble, it will help them to maintain peace?

JUNE 2026 9

Humbleness will drive you to overlook your siblings’ mistakes and forgive them (See section 7

togetherness is not appropriate. Even though, they would not always agree with their views, but if everyone looked different, it would allow them to remain friends with each other.

8 What can help to maintain peace with others? Humbleness can help you to avoid the minor mistakes that your siblings make. And he will make it out of your heart to forgive them. ( ReadColossah 3.13.) If you are humble, you won't let go of your brother when there is a conflict of opinion. This will enable them to continue to be friends. (Psym. 4, say that we are able to say something that we regret even if your brother does not speak well of us. (Psalm. 7:21,22) Ask yourself, 'How much will I get from this issue?' To maintain peace with your sibling, agree with your brother's view. Don't worry about what you have happened. Let her say, and let the matter take place.

9 When you are calm, if you don't agree with your sibling, don't joke with him or her and say that he or she is calm, so listen carefully. ( ReadProverbs 179; 1 Cor. 6.7) The issue isn't that of an easy-going person, but what matters is that they should settle them together. Many brothers will realize that, when a matter happens to them and they go to settle it with a fellow citizen, it is very helpful. (Psym. When it comes to your sibling, you can say: ‘I see that things are not going well along with us. You are my friend, and I don't want to break up your relationship. So I want to talk about what has happened.' If you are talking about a spirit, admit that you are also part of it and that it is affected by it. Let's know you're hurt because you've hurt her, and you'll apologize to her. If your brother also apologizes, agree. (Luke 173, don't hesitate to say, the reason for your brother's death is because of this.

8. If you are humble, how can you help to maintain peace with your siblings even if they are not in agreement? (Colossiansa 5:13) (See the pictures.)

9. If you are humble, how will you react when something happens to be between one of your siblings? (Proverbs 179)

10 WASS:

The reason for this is that it is not because you want to see someone who is easy to say or do that.—Prominent. bri24.

JOYS BEGAN. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( () ) ) ) ) ) )

10 What factors make it hard for us to make friends with other people? Some of our brothers, either because of their behavior or how they behave, we don't even want to treat each other. Some people can become nervous because of how they dress. Others, either because of circumstances in their lives or because of where they were raised, find it difficult to get involved with people. Others too, anywhere they are. We are saying, however, that, you may not even be shy and you don't like it, but it's their favorite way of speaking and they're always at the bottom of everyone's feelings.

11 Learn from the patience of Jesus. Jesus made friends with those who were more than their character. On one occasion, two of his brothers, James and John, just told him that when he went to his Kingdom, he should let one of them eat his left hand and also eat his left. What they did shows that they thought they were more than the others. ( Mark 10:35- 37) As for Naaso Jesus, he was very tired. Despite the rights and positions he had on earth, he left them all to the earth. (Phil. 2.5.8% The behavior of the one who was in charge of Jesus, and the character of the one who was in charge of James was also in charge of John's brother. But Jesus remained patient with his ministers and others.

12 Jesus was well known to his followers, so he did not expect them to treat them equally.

10. What factors can make it harder for us to make friends with other people?

11. What was it that helped Jesus to succeed in recruiting friends of the highest character?

12. What was it that helped Jesus to be patient with his pupils?

always be perfect. She was aware that most of them loved positions, so when James and John took their plea to her, it didn't make her very strange. ( Mark 1:34) Where Jesus and his followers grown, he was highly respected if someone had a place or was a prominent person. So he understood their meaning. But in all that, he was patient, knowing that it was not a day that they would be able to change their attitude.— Mark 10:42-45.

13 Which can help to maintain peace and order? Even if you are offended by the actions of a fellow citizen, remain patient with him. (Proverbs. 14.29) It is great for everyone and how it has happened to him, so if you don't like how someone has done his thing, then that doesn't mean that his behavior is not good. But that is also how it is. When people are patient, it makes you happy. ( Read.Ephesians 4:22.) So yourself, even if you are offended by what your sibling did, keep calm and clear about him or her. If one of your siblings doesn't like or speak disrespectfully, understand how hard it can be for him to communicate with people. Be patient if a friend of yours is ever so fond of speaking. It is true that we are closer to some of our brothers than others. But even brothers who are more than they are able to do, we can live with them to be successful.

14 Being patient with our fellow people will encourage us to focus on the qualities they have. If we do this, we will not allow the construction of them to be destroyed along with them. If you examine the story of Ja-mes and John, you will know that they were selfish and wanted position. But what they did also made it clear that they believed that the Kingdom would come in any way.

13 Once we have patience with our fellow Christians, how can it help us to stay positive with them? (Ephesians 4: 2000)

14. If we are patient with our brothers, what will we focus on?

JUNE 2026 11

When someone is a good friend, she realizes that a person is passing through pains, she consoles him, shows kindness and show pity to him (See Article 19)

Jesus saw that the two of his students believed in him. So, too, if we focus on the good character of our fellow people, we are learning from Jesus and his father, Jehovah.

15 We can plead with him that, he will help us to be friends with brothers who are of the highest character. Then consider some factors that can make you angry with your siblings, and ask for help from God to help you when something like this happens, and be patient. Don't forget that we were created by God, so you know that he is great among us as well as him. So when it is too hard, be assured that you know what can help you to remain patient with your siblings. If you see what a fellow is doing provokes you, plead with God to help you not to do something that you later regret. —Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22,23

A BREAST EA leaves the ruhuu Amddzee

16 Of what use can it be to destroy it? If our fellows are suffering or passing through a crisis, they will do something to harm us. There is something that they are going to keep, or something small is that they are angry. Others can even think about it without understanding, say something, or act on something that hurts us so deeply. (Job 6:2,izer Because we do not know what they are going through, we will not even think that they are intentionally doing that, or even indicating themselves.

17 Learn from the kindness and care that Jesus has. Even if he saw someone suffering or suffering, he saw him and did something to help him. Let's take a look at what Jesus did when he met with a blind person named Barbara. When Barbaraus heard that Jesus was moving around, he began to say he was hiding in order to make him see it. Many people complained to Barbara that he could not say it, but he wanted Jesus to heal him, so he did not talk at all. He was even more talking about it now. It could have been because of what Barraguaus did to the people, but as for Jesus, " That was what happened to him. (Matt. Today Mi; Mark 10:46- 52) She listened patiently and spoke to him, and he praised her for her believed in him. When he finished, he cured him.

15 Are you and it can help us to make friends with our brothers who are of the highest character?

16th century . When our brothers are passing through a crisis, how can we cope with them?

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . What have you learnt from the way in which Jesus spoke to Barbara?

12 WASS:

18 What can help to maintain peace in the spirit of peace? Our fellow people who are suffering, if we let them down, will be able to “ comfort” them. ( Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember that as a good friend, he is always there for his friend, especially when he is suffering from the situation. (Proverbs. 1717) So let your siblings know that they are good friends. If a problem happens to them, think you're going to have a baby and that's what happened to you. Share their hearts with them, comfort them, and do some things to help them.

19 What can you do to show concern for your siblings and concern for them? The pain they are going through, they can't get rid of it, but it can make you realize that you are under them and what they are passing through is very painful. (Matt. 7:12; 1 pet. 3.8) When they are talking to you about what they are going through, be calm and listen to them. If it happens that you should calm down, make sure that what you say will console them. (Proverbs. 12:25) Be careful not to say or do anything that shows you are not aware of all what is going on. (Proverbs. pil13) Be patient with your siblings and never expect them to always treat them equally.—Ph. 4:23.

20 We are very grateful that our fellow Christians are our friends. But it is bad for us all, and most of us are not funny in life. Because of this, sometimes we can say or do something that we later regret. So if we do something to calm our siblings but they do it to their eyes, they are very patient, they are compassionate to us, they show kindness to us and they are very kind to us, it makes us very happy. Let us all do our best to make friends with our fellows and maintain peace with their children.

20. What exactly is it that you try to do it?

28. What can you do if you see a person suffering from a illness? 1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. What can we do to show our concern for and concern for our fellow people? (See the pictures on the other hand.)

But later, they are involved in the ministry.

AS APPASTE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Do you have any misunderstandings about something?

What time is it so high that it happens to be completely normal?

What is it when you see customs?

NDW is 123 us shall be truthful forever.

Duke August 24-30, 2026

benefit from the program of the preaching group.

NDW 65 Yell Go forward!

DJI JEBOSAA We will consider how we can benefit from the arrangements for the preaching group that has been made for us.

I will thank God with all my heart, in the council of the just.'—NDW. 111:1

When was the last time you were told you you could attend the meeting? That day you were very happy, because it came to mind the many of his servants who are advertising his name anywhere in the world. (Psym. 1948:1, 2, 12, which is also the same day that it came to be with a small group, that's your preaching group. In view of this, the work that has been entrusted to us in the “land all the time,” the preaching groups help us to be able to do this better.—Matt. 14 cedi.

2 How do you identify the preaching group in them? A woman named Freddy(a) said: “To all the brothers in my field ministry, they have been very helpful to me. I have been taught a lot of new ways to share the news with people and to enhance my teaching. Also, I have been helped to achieve some goals in service to God, and I have been able to achieve some. But as for my friends, many more. The system of the preaching body is very good. A brother named Rich said: “Being a pastor is a great privilege. The reason why I am saying this is that, the media can help someone to serve Jehovah. But the ministry of the word can do some things to help the person stay in good relationship with Jehovah. Queen Dinah also said: “The brothers in my field make me very happy. I took all of them as family members.

3 In this lesson, we will consider what the preaching team's sponsors are doing to help the brothers in their ministry groups. When we are done, we will discuss what we can do for each other.

17 Some of the names have been changed.

1-202 How do many brothers and sisters identify the field service groups? 3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

14

help the brothers in our preaching group. Then, we will consider how we can benefit from the preaching system.

EDWOYA VALIA VALIA VALIA

4 Antenatals are an elder(a) who is appointed by the body of elders to help the brothers in his field service to serve Jehovah with joy. how is he doing? First, he made known to the brothers in his group that he is very concerned about them. (Proverbs. 27:23) She is paying close attention to these brothers and regularly communicate with them about how things are going in their life. This enables them to continue to serve Jehovah, and it helps to identify those who are suffering from abuse and does various things to help them. (Proverbs. 12:25; Isa. 322; Jas. On the other hand, it helps the brothers in his group to work diligently in the ministry. She often goes out in the ministry with her classmates, especially Saturday and Sunday. This helps to encourage the brothers, and it also helps them to be able to explain effectively in the ministry. If there is a reason why she is not able to attend, it gives her the assistant or other qualified brother who qualified to attend the meeting so that the brothers can attend. On the other hand, it helps the brothers who are under the leadership to be able to handle various tasks in the congregation.

* If there is an increase in the number of elders in the congregation, they can allow a minister who has tried to control a group until they have a leader who can control the team. The Minister of the Society who is in charge of a preaching group is called a group servant because he is not an elder. She follows any instructions given to her by the elders.

4. (a) What is the main objective of the preaching team? (b) What is the purpose of the preaching team to support the brothers in her group? (See the box "A

Assuring the Association of Adhocs

Don't let the meeting for the ministry be long, delayed for so long, only 7 minutes, so that the brothers can start the discussion quickly.

Try to share in the ministry with everyone in your group. Among those who are unable to attend the meeting for any reason. You can join such-and-such fellows in the ministry at a later time or in the evening.

Take good care of the brothers in your team, and encourage them. You can have a chat with them at their homes, at the Kingdom Hall, or wherever else it would be convenient to them. You can also telephone them or write them a letter to encourage them.

The brothers in the olden days, and help them to stay positive in their service to the God, so that they can carry on with various tasks.

Even if your team and other groups are going to join in the ministry, you must make sure that every member of your team will have someone to go with him.

inside. 1 Tim. 3.1- He strongly recommended these brothers, using the Bible to advise and educate them so that they can become officers in the congregation or elders. The work done by the ministry body is not easy, so it should be done.

JUNE 2026 15

The body of elders is in charge of the elders who are able to handle this task well and are responsible for it.

5 There are many factors that make it hard for a team of leaders to do their work better. Brother Jorg is a team leader in a congregation in Germany. He said: “I have been determined to maintain contact with the brothers in my field. But because there is a lot of work to do in the congregation, sometimes it is hard for me to do that.” Brother Abel from Uganda is aged 70. He stated: “In the congregation where we are, the brothers increased, but the elders and the officers were small. So when it comes to one preaching group, you will know that there are many brothers in that group. That is why you cannot meet with the people in my field as soon as I have to. Brother Obed is a congregation elder in Sudan. He also said: “I am genuinely interested in training brothers. But this takes time and effort, and sometimes, it takes a long time for the person who is teaching him. It is because of this that it is hard for me to teach brothers and sisters. What can help a team of leaders to solve problems like this?

6 To succeed, the brothers in every preaching group need to be small. This will allow the management of the association to get to know the brothers in groups better and helps them to serve Jehovah better. What if the elders in a particular congregation are limited? The local leaders are able to divide the preaching team into groups and allow a congregation servant to control some of the groups until they have enough elders to provide for it. This can be done.

A group of administrators can provide training to a member of the service group to handle the meetings for the ministry.

condolences with the ministry groups have been successful in their work.

7 If you are a group overseer and a member of the organization, the elders should strive to train your helper so that it can help you to take good care of the flock of God. ( Read 1 Peter 5:22.) Divide various activities. He did it to be in charge of the preaching program. Also, don't cooperate with any member of the human family, and consider how it will help each of them to improve the quality of the ministry. When you are visiting your team too, it rarely goes with your helper. Before the spirit goes away, think about what will happen. But if there is still a spirit, the place where he did his best to praise him, and where he needs the support, help him. If these are done in the future, your assistant can also become a team manager. 2 Tim. 2.2) It can also be given to other brothers and sisters.

5. What are some of the challenges faced by a team of leaders?

6. What is the purpose of the preaching groups to be small?

7. If there are not enough elders in a particular congregation, can the management of the body do this to ensure that the brothers in their respective groups are properly managed? 1 Peter 5:22 (See picture.)

16 WASS:

The veterans in your team. For example, it can lead to the regular pioneer and other veterans who have started in the ministry and to the brothers with limited knowledge to participate in the ministry. They can be taught how to start conversations, make return visits and start Bible studies. Then, let's think about the two things that each of us can do to help the other in our field service groups.

D ZIA IPPIC

8 Go to the preaching conference. When it comes to working with a brother or sister in the ministry, “every person will put faith in the body of his friend. ( Read Roman 1:12.) Through our ministry, he helps you to have the courage to witness. Also, when it comes to dangerous places, it protects itself. If your work doesn't usually come into court with your team, you can say to your boss to make sure you can make changes on time or other days you go to work. One that will save you and change for you. (Neh. 2.4–6) If you cannot attend a public meeting because of illness or old age, inform your team manager. A phone call or Volom will be held to hear some of the preaching meetings, and it will give you a telephone witness or write letters to prove it. What if you are a healthy woman or girl but you don't like the ministry? If so, it is not with someone in your ministry group who plans to go out in the ministry every week. One that you will need to re-vigilate the first things in your life, for you to have plenty of time to serve Jehovah better. (Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) If you do that, it will help you very much and it will help your team too. So praise praise to him and plead for him to let his “will and strength do this.”—Phil. 2.13

9 Show kindness to strangers. If we " looking for opportunities to show hospitality," it will make our preaching groups feel better. ( Read Romans 12:13.) One of the best we can do is make a meeting for the ministry at our homes. What some alcohol do is that, whenever a brother comes from a local square to talk there, they feed the same group of preaching and having fun. Even if the speaker is not able to attend the party, the local people will meet together to enjoy and encourage themselves. An elderly lady named Asah said: “When I invite my brothers to my house, I am so angry, so I call a few brothers. I don’t like it when I cook food you like, if it doesn’t taste it, it’s not that I focus on it, but it’s just the way my siblings are going to talk to and see it very well that I need it. If we do our best to show our guests in the ministry, it will draw us closer to Jehovah and to our brothers.—neh. :10; Andw. Jo35.

10 tells the brothers to help you. If we are able to speak the good news and explain well in the ministry, we would like to get together more often with our team to go out in the ministry. So if you see that you need to improve in some part of the preaching project, share it with a member of your team to help you. You can be informed about the specific help you need.

8. What can we do to help our preaching team? (Romans 1:12)

9. What will we do to make our preaching groups feel better? (Romans 12:13)

10. What can you do if you want to improve in some part of the preaching work? (Proverbs 1:5; 7:17) (See picture.)

JUNE 2026 17

Because of the limited number of members of our preaching group, it allows us to know more about the brothers and to share in the ministry with all.

(See chapter 7

The team manager has come to your aid. It can also be of help to you to a younger person or a more experienced one in the group. ( ReadProverbs 1:5; :17.) Just like a shy lady called Heather did it. He said: “I informed a good teacher that she has helped me to make return visits. So she used to go out in the ministry with me and she offered me some practical support from her heart. Those I used to go to often see and talk with, he helped me to be able to start a Bible study with one of them. If I were to let him help me, I would be self-defense. Now the preaching work has made me very happy again. The only thing that matters is that, we can do a lot of things to help our preaching team.

JEANYA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11 It helps us to serve our God well. We can all benefit from the evangelism arrangement that has been made for us all. For example, through this arrangement, he encouraged the widow, orphans, and old ladies and comfort them because they are very dear to him. 1 Theres. 2.8; Jas. 1: 27) Also, if we cooperate with our neighbor in the ministry, it helps us to know how to use the word and how to explain it better. The younger brothers are being trained so that in the future they will be able to handle various responsibilities in the congregation.—1 Tim. 3:10.

12 Queen Lydia, mentioned earlier, should not be taken into consideration how the evangelism plans are in place. He said: “My father was not very interested in the truth, so when he got to Saturday and Sunday my mother rarely joined his preaching group to go out in the ministry. But I was allowed to attend. A young lady hired a friend of mine so she used to go out with me in the ministry. It helped me to develop a positive attitude in the ministry and to develop a positive attitude in the congregation. The advice from the Bible, given to me by the overseer of my team, has helped me so much that it is till now.

13 It helps us to stay close to each other. When we engage in the ministry with the local people, we are very close to them. (Phil. 1:27) Also, because of the limited number of members of our preaching group, it is very easy to make friends with those who are shy or didn't like the language. 2 Cor. Afterward13) The brothers in our group are there for us, so when we are sick, under pressure or the death of loved ones, they help and comfort us. 1 Theres. 5:45

1112. How can your ministry team help you to serve Jehovah better? Share an example.

13 What role will our preaching team play in helping us draw closer to each other? (See the picture in front of this magazine.)

18

Today, we need these brothers' help, but in the great difficult times we will need their support more. (Matt. i21) If there is any problem we are facing now, we know that our brothers love us and help us to keep our eyes open.—Prominent. 1717.

14 It helps when there is a calamity or something that has happened to us. When there is a disease in the area where we live, a calamity happens, a disease occurs suddenly, we are being mistreated or our finances are difficult, our members of the human immune system help us. For example, in every congregation, members of the Asante Service Committee meet with the preaching committee to see what they can do to help those who will need special help when something similar occurs. Also, when there is an accident, the team leaders are in charge of finding out where each member of the team is, and they are looking for the necessary support. When they see the need to go to the hospital with some of them, they give someone food, water, where to sleep or things, they do that.

14. Of what help can our preaching team provide to us in times of emergency or emergency?

In fact, the evangelism system is very helpful to us.

15 As discussed earlier, the organization of Jehovah is very organized. Some of his servants are on the highest level and others are on the earth. Even the high hunters are not just small issues. And on earth, over nine million people are serving Jehovah. As things continue to get worse, people are only coming to his system. (zech. 8:23; God. 5:11) Jehovah's servants on earth are united and united, and they are trying to let everyone hear the good news about God's Kingdom! (See. 14.6, Prof. Hom Lets all of us participate in the preaching group arrangement they have made for us. If we do that, it will help us to praise him with all our heart.—Psalm. 111:1

15 What work are all of Jehovah’s servants doing?

Before the government: two sisters with a preaching group are going out in the ministry.

What is the meaning of this?

What is Ebenaede and the ministry committee's assistant to support their team members?

What can we do to help our preaching team?

What benefits do we get from the preaching group that we are in?

NDW to 62

Adases, Homer Homo!

Duke August 31, 2026

NDW is 87 Setie, and I will be blessed with blessings.

DJA JEBOSAA We will take good care of the reason why we need to continue listening to what Yeho-vah has taught us at the next study and meetings is how we can do that.

When Assah Shows One One Another One, Be sympathetic

Let's take a closer look at how the matter is settled. ”—ages 8:18.

Today, Jehovah teaches us a lot of things in order to know him well. That's why we agree with David on this point. He said: 'Ghanh is my keeper; and I don't need anything. — Read songs 1, 2, 5.

2 During our congregation meetings, we are taught by Jehovah. Normally all the time, what we live there is something we don't know at all. Even if 'we are in the truth, that does not mean that we don't need such information. 2 pet. 1:12) But if what we are learning is something you have heard, how hard is it for you to listen or listen? If this were so, that lesson would help you. We will consider why it is important to listen attentively when we attend a meeting. We will also consider what speakers do that will put the listeners more than they can hear what they are saying. Also, we will consider some principles that can help us to listen more carefully during learning. However, let us first consider why we should remember someone who educated us at our meeting.

Remember that JEH Vah is the one who is passing on to us.

3 Through his word the Bible, he communicates with us. 2 Tim. 3,16, thank you because Jesus was aware of this issue, he educated people with his word in the word of God. And this moved them so deeply that they asked: “How did this man know the word of the Bible so well that he did not attend any school at all? (John 7:15) Those who wanted to learn about God were very happy as Asamoah explained God's word to them. Christians in the first century.

1-202 (a) What is it that Jehovah does for his servants today? (Psalm 1:1, 2, ge (b) What will we discuss in this lesson?

3. In what way does Jehovah communicate with us, and how do his servants use his word the Bible?

20

he also learned from Jesus. The two of them, the minister of writing, the minister of police, sat with the people on the text and helped them to know what God wants them to do. (Ann. On 17,2,3; 6224, 28) Our Lord Adanase, all the details on our website, in our schools, JW Broadcasting, all the documents that are being read and read in our videos are from the Bi-ble. People are very excited when they attend our meetings to learn how to explain the Bible. The participants in the conference are based on the Bible. Not only are they not just reading the Bible, but they explain it well for everyone to understand and to know how to use it.—Luke ge 32.

4 We cannot do it if we want someone to do something and we don't understand what the person is saying. Just like us, if we can do what Yeho-vah can, when we have gone to study, we need to listen and listen carefully. If we listen attentively to what Jhe-vah is saying and use it to live our lives, then Yeh-vah will also be blessed.—Proverbs. :11.

But what exactly is it about when we visit AdzeSTUA that we need to do something about the issue?

5 When we go to study we listen attentively because we love him. (Matt. 62 37) If we get to know Yeho-vah well, it makes us very love him. And because we love him always want to listen to what he tells us in the Bible and use it to live. Also, because we love him, he made us serve him in his own way.— Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 When we go to study we listen attentively because we love our neighbor. (Matt. br39) To

4. When we go to study, why is it so important to listen carefully and listen carefully?

5. If we love God, how will he make us do that? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:23)

6. When we go to study, what do we learn?

How You Can Be Strong in Learning?

Some brothers who have served Jehovah for years were asked, “Why doesn’t you listen attentively? Here is what they said:

Mrs. Suefawn who was young in 1946 said, "When you go to study, sit in front of the speaker so that you can concentrate on the speaker and see what video is going on."

A brother named David was born in 1982. He also said: “I have always asked for help from Jehovah to be able to concentrate on the task. I let him in mind that, going to study, getting well in the program is all the answers I'm going to give to him as part of my religious life for the sake of Jehovah.

A brother named Nicholas who was young in 1982 said: “ Keep in mind that, it will help anyone who will do the naming ceremony. So listen carefully to the way he did the task, and listen to a statement that was well explained or an example that he used and based on how he praised it.

A brother named Augustin was born in 1977. He also said, "Every day I say that once the faithful let us learn something we have already learned, it shows me that it is something we need.

When we go to study, he educated us about how to support our brothers and sisters who don't serve him. For example, love Man— making the Students books helps us to know how to show love for those we share the good news with, and it helps us to be able to do so.

JUNE 202621

educate them well. It's hard for you to start conversations with people, isn't it? If so, that was when you attended the first week's meeting and when you were doing the student activities, you would listen attentively and listen carefully and it would help you.

7 When we go to study we listen attentively because we want to survive. Jehovah told his ancient servants that if they listen to him, they will be happy and will live forever. But just like us if we want to be happy and live forever, we have to listen to him. (Dout. 3245-47) When we go to study and listen attentively, we are encouraged, and it helps us to cope with problems. Also, it helps us to wait patiently for the new arrangement that God is bringing. (Rom. 8:25) We are living in the last days, so this is the time that we need to listen to him and keep our eyes open and keep busy in his service.—Matthew. nsukro-44; nyi. 1:3.

DJIA pleaded that they would prepare for the final lockdown.

8 The brothers who work in learning, especially those who give a public address, should strive to improve in their teaching. Once a person receives a program and takes the time to prepare well and put his ideas on the Bible, he can bring people into the truth, and also help his fellow Christians to continue to serve Jehovah. So anyone who will have a role in learning should take it seriously. So if you have a program, do it with the following tips, and it will help you to be successful in your project. However, those who give a talk in public are usually given this proposal, but everyone who does the work at the congregation meetings can also use it.—2 Tim. 4:2; Timothy 1:9.

9 Be careful with your affairs. When it comes to communication, you need to be careful and clear so that your listeners will understand what you say. If the ears of the deaf do not see the head of their legs, it will turn their minds. If so, how well will you plan your affairs? Here are some recommendations: 1. If you start your talk, let your listeners know the main points to discuss. 2. gives an interview with the main points. After an important issue is being discussed, sit down for a short period of time so that the brothers will know that it is from one point on another. (3) If you are to finish your presentation, we will discuss the points in it.

10 Don't be interested in what you're going to talk about. If you like what you're talking about, it's going to show up in your speech. (Proverbs. 2.4, thank you Andw. 4:20) Read and think about all the points on the radio station and all the Bibles that are in it for a long time. If so, you will touch your heart with the news and explain it with joy to the brothers. A brother in the United States who was still over 70 years old said a speech he heard when he was a boy. He said: “The speaker encouraged us that if we read God's word, we should think more about it. He spoke from his heart and made known how we would do that. The speech touched my heart and from that time on, I didn’t joke with my Bible reading at all and was also helped to make the speech of God more meaningful.

7. What is the reason why we need to continue to listen to him?

8. What is the purpose of the talkative brothers and sisters to strive to improve in their teaching?

9. How can you effectively plan your speech so that your listeners understand what is being said?

10. What is the purpose of the talk you ought to enjoy?

22

11 Think about your listeners and give them the advice they can use. Don't just tell your siblings what you know about the topic. Instead, use the Bible to encourage and help them to know how to use the Bible to live their lives. For example, while Timothy was working as a deputy for him in the city ofEphesus, the apostle Paul gave some specific things that he could do to draw closer to him. ( Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) So also think about your listeners and help them to know how to use what you have said.

12 If you are learning your language, say it to your mouth and speak like a mother-in-law. Don't write down news that all the children want and read it to your listeners. But speak from your heart and let it be like speaking to them. If so, it wouldn't be hard for them to bury you, and they'll understand what's being said too. Let the book of Chapter Literacy states: “As the days break, and let the way you feel about the topic and about your listeners. If so, your listeners will be more likely to listen to you, your story will make them feel better and it wouldn't be hard to live with what you have said.

13 tells a brother who knows how to sing well that he can help you. How can you do this? When you prepare for the discussion, you can use how to plan your affairs for the brother, and listen to what he's going to say. You can stick some of the things he's going to say in your words. Then you can make the speech known to him, and when it is done, it will help you to know the various places to do something about it. (Proverbs. 1:5) We all have things we don't try, so we don't always know if what we're going to say will understand or not understand. So let's rest and let's let others help us. We want to be good speakers and teachers so that we can help.

11. So why should you allow your listeners to know how to use what you say? 1 Timothy 4:13-16)

12. What is the purpose of communication when it comes to communication, such as communication, communication, and communication?

13 What is it that the brothers who give a talk should seek help from the brothers who know how to communicate well? (See picture above.)

A brother who knows how to communicate well has helped you to improve in your teaching. (See

23

When you are in learning, put your mobile phone or card where it doesn't distract you so that it can hold the program very well (See section 7

The listeners benefit from the treasure found in God's word. *

Observe JEbeSIA VALASTA ASE

14 If we are content with what we are always aware of during our studies, it will make us more than listen. 'The times we live in are hard and painful,' so we need this reminder to stand up. 2 Tim. 3.1- If you sometimes feel that what you are saying at the beginning of learning is so advanced, you will learn from the actions of the one who wrote the book of songs that made you continue to love God's reminder.— Read?22, 111, 1967.

15 We should continue to express our interest in the things that Yeho-vah has taught us. Let's take a look at the actions of the people.

* To get to know some things that can help you to become a good speaker or teacher, look at the books that have been named for Nku Literacy and Education and the benefits of the Win The

14. So why should we be like the one who wrote the song of song? (Psalm:22, 111, 1967)

15 How can we continue to show our hearts to what we learn from learning?

While they were on the children, they were given a lot of land. (Ex. 1615, 31) The beginnings were being enjoyed by the people. He was very nice to them, and it was him who gave them the strength to stay on the grave. But at some point, I didn't telephone some of the lady's children, so their eyes weren't satisfied anymore. (No. :5) What is the lesson? We should not completely follow the example of the people of Israel. We should not say that in the news we hear at learning, we have heard it for a long time. Instead, we need to realize that it is the one who is teaching us. Also, we need to keep in mind that, what we learn at the beginning, the organization of Jehovah is very valuable to us. In fact, what we learn from learning can help us to attain the end of our life.—Proverbs. 3,13, 16-18; John 173.

16 If we also apply this proposal, it will help us to listen more carefully. What factors do some of the brothers who have served Jehovah for a long time say that they are able to listen attentively? Let's not listen to what they have to say. Queen Ashley, who has served Jehovah for over 30 years, said: “When you grow up, what is good?

16th century . What factors do some of the brothers who have served Jehovah for a long time say that they are able to listen attentively? (See the box "Dza O can help You listening well in Ade learns.)

24

Learning in learning before I go, it helps me to hear the news very well. But if I don't learn first, I can't get a response. And you will know that I really understand learning, but I was concerned about it somewhere. Another brother named Jozsef has served Jehovah for 52 years. He also said: “ Even if the speaker is not able to explain well, that is not the reason for my attention. But focusing on what he is saying. Because what he is saying is from the Bible, and also from the Bible, it is from the word of Jehovah.”

17 If you use the following tips, it can help you to listen more carefully during learning. 1. If you eat before you go to school, don't eat foods that are heavy and not ready. 2. arrived as soon as he could find a place to sit before the start of the program. (3) Keep your cell phone or cell phone somewhere that it won't make noise so that it doesn't distract you. Let's first think about some of the things the speaker will say. 5. Continue to pay attention to what the speaker is saying. 6 Make a list of factors, or create something that can bring up the points in the discussion. histories the text that the speaker will read and explain, think and consider how it applies to the subject. 8) Ask yourself, ‘How can I use this information to help someone in the congregation or in the ministry?’ 9. When at a district or regional meeting, look at the text on the theme of that day's program, the various dialects that will be provided are the symbols that form the various dialects. 10% sit down and listen to music and video games to prepare your heart before the program starts.

CREAST T SiE JEHO VALH

18 When we attend the meeting, let us continue to pay close attention to the program. Because if we do that, we are being taught by God to “go on in the path of righteousness.” (Psym. we need his reminder from him that we will not be happy like a crazy woman for him to show his face to the other place. That's why, ' Let's take a closer look at how we listen to the news,' and let's continue to live up to what we hear in learning. (Luch 12:18) If we listen to him, we will be happy today, and we will enjoy the long future without end.—Psalm. oso2, 14.

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . What factors can help you to listen more carefully during learning? (See picture above.)

28. For what purpose should we continue to listen attentively at the meeting?

What is the meaning of this?

What is the reason why we go to study so well?

What are the benefits and the siblings who are educated on the subject that will help their listeners to keep themselves safe?

What will help you to listen more carefully when you attend a meeting?

NDW to 87! Be suffocated

ASETUA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

About 70 Years of Service to Jehovah in Cuba

GUstPPO JOSPH NANKASIA

I was born in 1947 on a beautiful Caribbean island called Cuba. The coconut is in the Caribbean sea and its principal coast. We are three cousins; father is head, and the other two are female. We used to live in a village called Asmerda with all our parents.

I remember very well that our village was very far away. We lived near some of our relatives. There was not enough food at all, and everything we needed, it was so we got it that it made us happy.

When I was about five years old, a brother named succumbed to studying the Bible with my parents. He did not joke with his ministry at all; he walked for about ten hours on his way to our village to share the good news. As soon as he got up, we had a lot of family members to meet with in the house of our grandfather and grandmother, and he was able to chat for us for hours in the Bible. My parents and a little boy named Pedro, and my account called Ela was interested in what they were studying. So it was not long ago that they were given a child and became one of the Asantes of Jehovah. Now, my account is in Cuba here and it is almost 100 years old, and he is still a regular pioneer.

When my parents came to accept the truth, the Cuba government had not abandoned the project of the Jedze Adase people, so we were able to go out in the ministry and study. People were very well known to us in the Cuba country, because we had gone to people's homes to share the good news. And every time they saw us, we used to pick our refrigerator and our bag, and all the Bible-based books were full. And on foot, we took it for granted! Those were good times, and I am so happy when I remember how we volunteered to commit suicide against ourselves to serve our God. But, “the bad times” were ahead for us.—2 Tim. 4:2.

They made it known that we are going to be having a car in Cuba.

When I was about five years old, my father and his younger sibling Pedro attended a meeting in a town on the same island. Unfortunately, they went to fetch some water to get a typoid fever. My little Pedro was so cured of the disease that all her hair was wrinkled. But as for my father, he died of the disease. At that time, she was just 32 years old.

After my father's death, my mother led us to move to his brother-in-law to a village called Lumba. We loved our grandfather and grandmother very much, but we left them with all my father's family. As we sat next to our uncle, we continue to praise him.

I was born on August 26, 1957 in a lake near Lumba. I was ten years old. In less than two years, the Adanse people we used to be in Cuba are still there.

26

VALWAN

Our lives changed completely. In 1959, the existing government was founded, and the colonial government came to sit on the stool.

The colonial government wanted more army officers in the country, so they ordered that no one go to hospital. This is disturbing for the people of Yendi who were in the country, because the Adanse people have not been involved in politics and have not gone to blood. So slowly, we lost the opportunity to serve him as we want in the country. When it was over, the government placed hand in hand all our activities, and many brothers were arrested and imprisoned. Some of them were mostly afflicted, and others were starving. Sometimes the food presented to them was blood, so the brothers were not eating because the Bible was against them.

Despite the government has lifted the ban on our work, we continue to meet together to worship Jehovah. (Heb. 10:25) We even held some meetings in their farms, and other places where the government had not seen us. Once upon a time, a brother offered us a place where to wait for him to run for us for a meeting. But, we can't let out the goats and the eviction, so when it was over, we joined all the goats to the meeting.—Mic. 2.12

The hard work done by the brothers during that time helped us to continue to serve Jehovah, we are very grateful. One of the things they did was that, they were going to attend all the meetings on cassette and distributed to all the brothers in the country. Sometimes only two brothers were given all the dialects and were going to pour it on the cassette. The brothers were hiding and doing this work, so sometimes it appears that the chicken is in the back, and it also heard a small noise from the back. If there was no electricity location to hold the event, what the brothers did was that, they use a mobile device which is located near a local location and enable one of our brothers to stay and stay so that they can have electricity. This allowed the cassette to be played for the brothers to listen to the program. However, we did not enjoy the freedom to serve Jehovah as we do, and the Bible-based books that our fellow Christians had in some lands were not received. But, for everything we needed to keep on doing what was right with him, we got it. And this helped us to continue to praise him with joy.—neh. 8:10.

We ourselves shall be grateful for all these gifts and gifts.

I was in Florida when I was 18 years old, and I just became a regular pioneer. About a year later, a special preaching campaign was held in a town called Camabay; in Cuba's central region. There I met a beautiful lady named Evelyn; she was from a town called Lydiago de Cuba.

A. Kingdom Service School for the elders of the congregation—Camadouy, Cuba, 1977

B. The day we got married, 1967

A

B

Asampea de Distituo TEmpor PIA?

D

D. When we were doing the district work, the 1990s.

D. The first meeting we held when the government sacked him from our project, April.

E E

I started a relationship with Emiea before marriage, and we got married less than a year after last year.

I got a job in the government's account account for the cedi, and the business was always very interesting. As a result, both Emiea and Eliea offered the pioneer service; but we wanted to continue to serve Jehovah for a lot of time. Amanakye asked, I wasn't happy, but I decided to go to work three times a week and a half a week. When I was going to work at that time, it gave me a lot of time to go out in the ministry, and Emi-li didn't always study.

In 1946, we gave birth to our first child, Gustavo. At that very moment I was asked to serve as a district overseer. At that time, the district leaders had no children in Cuba. I said, Eliea wasn't very busy with our lives, but we were very happy. Because he gave us another opportunity to support our brothers, we realized that he was our Jehovah and he blessed us. We are still doing the same district work and we have given birth to our young men Oded and Abner. And a few years later, we gave birth to our daughter Mahary.

When I remember the time when we were in the district work and see how Jehovah has helped his servants who were in Cuba then, it makes me very happy. Also, Jesus helped us to teach our children how to worship him. Thank you, the district work done by Eliea, let's celebrate this.

The Abuser who is performing the mensin EDWInumA, was immunized.

In the 1960's and 1930's, because the government had banned our worship, things were very difficult for us. The Kingdom halls were closed down, and we couldn't go to study and preach. All the sentries who were in the country were deported. Also, a number of young brothers were arrested and imprisoned, and the building of the hospital in Harunara was closed down.

Because of the ban on our work, only Saturday and Sunday were able to control the spirits. That's why we served every congregation for two weeks. When we were on our way, we hadn't brought much and we used to bring it to the left and right, so that the police wouldn't mind us and the others. Just like, when we were visiting a congregation, they didn't first inform the congregation before. We made it like we were visiting our families, and that used it very easily. In fact, we took the brothers as our relatives so well that when we were in a congregation, we would forget to even go and serve them. (Mark 10:29, 30) Naaso, used to be.

28 WASS:

Yes

F

Gb

Emiea worked at a mining factory in Cuba Bethel.

F. When we were blessingsing a Assembly hall, 2012

G. Am giving a speech at the Bible School for Christians (a school dedicated to married couples) education, 2013

We need to keep our eyes open. Because the police were always hobbling at us and just doing this and asking questions. The brothers we were visiting were very scared, since when the police saw that we were with them, they could be arrested.— Roma. 164.

Most of the alcohol we used to serve had no siblings, but what they had was share with us. Some of the places where we were, there were mosquito nets, but the brothers used to give their Mosquitoline to us, but they were still in the mosquito nets so that we could sleep well. Some of the brothers had even been difficult to eat, but we were allowed to sleep with them. So sometimes we take our meals home and share them with each other.

When we were visited by the spirits, we couldn't attend with all our children. So what we were doing was that, we only went with one of them and left the rest to my mother and mother. The fact is that, when we were going to travel with a child, it was very safe, because we were able to put the Bible books in the bag where we placed the most expensive food. So if the police were to meet with us and they were investigating our things, they wouldn't look at that bag, so we were on our way to eat.

My lovely wife Ebola is the one I asked for. It helped to train our children, and it made us able to carry on in the full-time service. This helped me to continue working in the garden, and at the same time, I was able to do the district work. What is this about? Sometimes I have to be a little more than a week or two in order not to go to work on Saturday and Sunday. My post was later closed in business. They put me in the hands of some of my employees and I had to cater for them to work from Monday till Sunday. I did nothing about this that wouldn't work. But I realized that, if I organized the work well and offered them work to do it on Saturday and Sunday, they would be able to support me as I was visiting the alcohol. Up till now, I can't believe that the elders I was under realized I wasn't going to work on Saturday and Sunday!

AfterwardS BEG closer to our DWIADGCE, we are looking forward to seeing you in the next day.

One day in 1994, the brothers in charge of construction in Cuba called upon all the contractors to meet in Sahara. We had 80. That meeting was outstanding. When we got there, we were very happy because we had known each other for a long time. At that meeting, we were informed about some changes made by the organization. And after that they announced some news,

JUNE 2026 29

Members of the Cuba Nkorpata Inter-Ministerial Committee, 2013

and it made us very nervous. The brothers told us that they wanted to give our names to the government officials. So we asked, " Ah, why do they want to do that? "

They explained that, they have met with the government officials several times, and they are looking at some things they can do so that the relations with the government will improve. But the government officials have requested all the travelers in the country to register for them. So we all agreed to give our names to them. And since then, the government has started to understand us slowly.

At last, we were allowed to attend the study and the ministry. But in all this time the government has not approved our worship in the country. Only after we realized that some of the travelers' names had already been known by the local government and that they wanted to make sure their names were the same.

In September 1994, the government informed us that we could open our shops again. Therefore, the same building that had been placed in the hands of almost 20 years ago we went back to open and work there.

In 1996, we were there only one day when Peter called us, and they said they wanted to take Evelyn to serve there. I was very nervous at first, and I informed the brothers that we were still caring for two children. The brothers discussed my issue, and later they informed me that I could come and live at Bethel with them. So we agreed, and we prepared ourselves and our children to move to Harunara.

In fact, the beginning of the accident at Bethel wasn't pleasant to me. I had spent years in the district work, so I had a heart attack. So it was hard for me to work at the office. But some of the brothers who served with me at the branch, my wife and I greatly helped me to change my mind. So slowly, I became interested in what I was doing, and today I am working with joy at Bethel.

Eliea is all blindfolding now. When we remember the brothers who have been in the full-time service for a long time, we are very excited when we meet them and touch them with joy. We are very grateful that both our children and grandchildren are serving Jehovah. When the apostle John heard that some he helped them to know the truth still serve Jehovah, he said: “I have no more interest in it than in this, just as I have heard that my children are passing through the truth." And that is how we feel too.—3 John 4.

Evelyn and I have served at the world headquarters for almost 30 years, and despite the challenges faced by old age and poor health, we try to fulfill the responsibilities we have. As we continue to serve God, it is very challenging, but we are very happy to be able to serve the “ happy God” for almost 70 years on this Cuban island!—1 Tim. 1:11; Nd. 97:1

We meet with our daughter and her husband at a regional meeting.

30 BEGINK n.E. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

FULL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

What two alliances is the one the Paul is talking about at Galtai 4:24?

After talking about Abraham and his wife, Serah and daughter-in-law, the King said: “All these stands for something; because this woman stands for two different types of alliances. (Gal. In the past, we understood that the two parties are in agreement with the Law and the new ones. But when we went back and looked at this issue again, we realized that there was a need for changes in it. It is likely that Paul was talking about the alliance that was made between Joseph and Abraham, not the new agreement. For the reason we have made these changes, don't let's have a little water left. *

Paul compared the young lady Gar to Mt. Simpai. (Gal. hairs25) He stated that the alliance that was made with the people of Israel at Mt.Sinai in 1513 before the birth of May, represents the Gabar. (Ex. 19.5, today there is no person who can follow that rule equally. So the Law always told the people that they were the children of sin. Also, that agreement could help the nation of Israel to come to see the child of Christ. The only person who was able to control the law was Christia. When Christiah sacrificed his next life, it was now that bad people could be saved from sin and death. (Gal. 3,19, 24, 25) So, because of the death of Jesus, it was no longer necessary to comply with the law.—Romans. 10:4.

Paul compared Asamoah to Gagar. And he said that Asamoah is the "woman who gave birth" and she gave birth to her child by promise. (Gal. 4:23) That promise is the alliance that Jehovah made with Abraham. (Gal. At 3:29; 4:28, 30) This promise is very valid. There Joseph said to Abraham: “In your seed all the nations of the earth will be blessed; because it has hidden me.

* This is a new explanation. In addition to the issue of March 15, 2007. It's in 10-2012 that it's replaced.

This agreement between Joseph and Abraham was partially in line with the promise that Joseph made in the garden of Eden. (Gen. 3:15) This agreement made it clear that the above seed would come out of Abraham. Paul explained that Jesus Christ is the actual ' seed'. But those who are “the foundation of the Christ,” that is, the 144,000 who will reign with him in his Kingdom, they are also part of that “birth”. (Gal. 3:16,29; God. 14.1-3) Because of the promise from God to Abraham, those who believe in and listen to him will have many blessings.

So, what did Paul mean when he said " These represent something"? He meant to mean that if the Christians in his day remained as small as the law would be, then that would be like the Ga; they would always be small. But if they accept the actual descendants of Jesus Christ, who is Abraham's, that would be like Asamoah, and they are forever independent. They will really be free from sin and death. (John 12: 32-34) But if they rejected him, it means that they do not understand the Law law system, because the law code is the one that will help them to know the Christ.

The Galatians who were writing this letter to them, many of them were not Europeans, so the Law did not take them seriously or impregnate them. However, some Europeans were strongly convinced that the law was followed by non-Witness Christians. To use an example, they would just say that they would not be cut off. According to Paul, it is completely irrelevant to follow the Law that has made them 'chicken' because Christ had given them “a lot of freedom."— Gal. 5:1, 10

JUNE 2026 14

JEHO VA leaves the JEH VALD

June 2026 is Volta. 144, No. 6 F.E.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

What we are going to learn August 10-16 is 2

Regardless of Your circumstances, go on and continue to serve Jehovah.

What we are going to learn August 17-23 o 8

Continue to Be neeming for One of Your Christian Brothers

What we are going to learn August 24-30 14 a.m.

benefit from the program of the preaching group.

What we are going to learn on August 31, September 6 to 20

When Assah Shows One One Another One, Be sympathetic

ASETUA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

About 70 Years of Service to Jehovah in Cuba



The Bible’s theme is to write a book about God’s Kingdom.

Aids in Snails in ancient times

The Bible shows that some of Jesus' followers were fishermen. (Mark 1:16-20) They used to bring meat to fish in the Gold Coast.

They were handwashing and helping him, and they were concerned for the stillness. The animal with large eyes, it is used to weave large meat, and the one with small eyes, it is used with small meat. The small animal was often replaced with a male or female tortoise, so that it would sink to the bottom of the sea after being thrown. As with his big eyes, they used to put a palm frond or a smuli on some of them and put a calabash or a tree on some of them. So when it is closed, the heavy part of it moves to the bottom of the sea and the small part of the lake closes the eyes of the sea.

It was very expensive for him. The animal was able to be bitten by the women at the bottom of the sea. If a lot of meat was distributed, it could cut down the animal. (Luke 5:6) The Bible states that James and John were once "disturbing their animals,” and that they must have used a bowel and a bowel to hit them. (Matt. 4:21) If fishermen were to come out of the sea, they would be helped. In addition, some fishermen were said to have been "scrowing their animals" from any part of it. (Luke 5: 2000) When they are done, they will lie down and dry the ground so that it will not break.—Ezek. 47:10.

Jesus called upon some boys who know how to use good meat to “stool people” .

We are not going to sell this book. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People are willing to contribute towards helping. If you want to contribute this, please visit Donate. .org.

All the Bibles in this book are from the Holy Scriptures—The New World Translation, the Holy Scriptures and the Bible, instead of a other translation.

The Watcher (IS.0043-1087) June 2026 is released by the Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Ghana, House No. J348-1, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. Watch Watch 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Pensylvania.

Go to jw.org or check this symbol.

JW.org ?

w26.06-FA