RUST 2026

BUNA-SESSERE OF THEDOS OF ADOS ADAFI

PUTS FORS: O CTOBER 5-NOVATE 1, 2026

OTOBER 5-11, 2026

July 55 Don't Let's Fear Them!

WHAT IS NOT learned

Satan wants you to feel loved by God and Jesus Christ, but you have passed the exams.

Save the Lord and Jesus but Not Satan

"You can not stop the Devil, and he will run away." 4:7.

Whenever you love the Lord and make your decision to serve him, Satan and his demons are furious, and they are doing all that they can to keep your love for God calm. Then, let him see him, let him stop serving God. But he knows that because your friendship with God is strong, he is helping you and therefore cannot get it. For this reason, he is trying to make your love for God feel better so that God cannot help you. For example, he is doing everything he can to make sure you don't care about him and his child. 11:14; Yak. 1:6.

2 Here is something that will make us understand this. For soldiers to fight, they have to trust their leaders. If they do not trust their directors, they will not obey their commanders, which will put the military at great risk or even cause them to be killed. In part, we are a soldier who is fighting against the evil spirits of the sun. (Efe. 6:12) Satan the Devil's knowledge that, if we are to mention our belief in God and Jesus Christ, we shall stop paying their heed. For this reason, he does all he can to make our faith in them known. In this study, we will consider how he has done so in the past, and how he is still doing today. Afterwards, we will discuss how to win over him. In the next lesson, we will discuss two other steps Satan takes to achieve ours. *

* Any problems we face, not any of what Satan himself brings upon us. But it helps people in the world to think and act like it to oppose God's people. Therefore, when we are facing challenges, or are being persecuted for the worship of God, then, Satan is the one we fight.1 Kor. 2:12; 1 John. 5:19.

1. What is one of the steps Satan takes to stop you from serving God?

2. Why is it so important to believe in the Lord God and Jesus Christ?

2

WE WANT TO God AND God AND Him

3 Shortly after the creation of Adam and Eve, Satan attempted to get them to disobey God. Satan deceived Eve into believing that her Creator was unpopular with him. He asked Eve: "Is it true that God said you will eat every tree of the garden? (1 Mo. 3:1-5) He wanted Eve to feel that she and her husband Adam didn't give her anything they needed. Satan's claim was false. But Eve believed in the lie of Satan. Sadly, Eve and Adam do the will of the enemy of God to Satan. Although they were given life and everything they had, they did not obey him. 3:6.

4 Ever since Adam and Eve, Satan has continued to turn people's attention towards God. For example, Satan gave three men to tell the story of Ruth about him. He wanted Job to believe that he was not loved by God, and that nothing else would Job do to please Him. (Art 22:1-3) Satan also caused the suffering of Job. He thought that would make Job blame for God's love of Him. But Satan's actions did not make him friendly to God. 27:1, 5.

5 Years after Jesus came to earth, Satan attempted to keep people from following Jesus. For example, he allowed the religious leaders and others who loved Jesus to spread fake news about Jesus. Many people believed these lies, leading to the accusation that Jesus was an offender and they killed him.

Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mar. 14:55, 56; John. 8:4145.

6 After the death of Jesus, Satan attempted to discourage Jesus' followers from spreading about Jesus. How has he done it? First, Satan does not want people to believe that God has resurrected Jesus. He thereby caused some people to lie that Jesus's disciples were stealing the body of Jesus. (Mat. After that, Satan gave the religious leaders and the government to persecute the disciples of Jesus. He thought that would make them very afraid. He wanted them to be so scared that they would stop doing the work Jesus said they did. 7:578:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

Some of the 7 brothers were afraid to quit, but many of them remained honest and continued to preach. They saw Satan and his demons as the instigators of their persecution to end the campaign. (Bef. 4:1820; 1 Pet. 5:8) What do Satan do today to discourage us from leaving service to God?

WETION OF ALL people on the Jehovah's behalf.

8 Today, Satan makes it hard for people to tell the truth about God and Jesus. The Devil is the "host father"; he has led to the spread of fake religions about God and Jesus. (Cort. 8:44) For example, he was blind to the fact that we don't really know who the Lord and Jesus are. (2 Kor. 4:3, 4) Some churches state that Jesus is the same as the Lord, his Father. For this reason, people do not know God who is the Lord and worship Jesus rather than worship Him. But Jehovah wants only one religion, and Jesus also wants to worship alone.

3. What did Satan say that Eve had lost her mind on Jehovah?

4. What did Satan do to destroy Job's mind on Jehovah?

5. What did Satan do to prevent people from following Jesus? (Article 11:19)

6-7. What did Satan do to stop the followers of Jesus?

8. What has Satan led to the spread of fake religions about God and Jesus?

RUST 2026 3

Satan's world is full of rumors that we should not believe in what Jehovah teaches us (See paragraph 11)

(Mat. 4:10; Yoo. 4:23) Many of these people believe in what they have been taught so much that even when we tell them the truth, they do not obey it, and sometimes they oppose us.

9 When you begin to associate with someone, one of the things you know about him for the first time is his waist. Satan does not want people to associate with Jehovah, and thus they do not even know the ways of him. How does she feel? From the very beginning of the past, it allows fake religions to trick people into thinking about the ways of God. (Reading Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) Also, it led to the removal of God's name from a number of Bible translations so that people do not know the ways they would call him, even though this name is attributed to the solid and protective power. (Septe 2:10) In addition, he has led false religions to teach people that God is the one who causes us to suffer. For this reason, many people fear God, and they don't see him as someone who would like to have a friendship with them. (Yak. 4:8) Also, what Satan does is, he tries to convince his people to stop serving God.

10 when we are facing problems, Satan wants us to feel that the Lord does not care how we are.

9. What causes fake religion to do to prevent people from coming to know the Lord? (Art 23:26, 27)

10. What can cause a person who serves the Lord to become angry?

4 CUU-Lon

We feel pain in what we mean. And when our problems become longer, Satan would like us to be angry at us because he has not heard anything about our problems. (Article 19:3) And in that case, we might ask ourselves: "If I don't help me, why should I continue to do what he wants? Having come to feel like that will lead us to do what Satan wants rather than to do what God wants.

11 Satan wants us to believe what the Lord has taught us about what is right and what is wrong, and today's lesson is one of his ways he does that. For example, on the platform, many people argue that the information in the Bible is outdated, and that God does not need to tell us what is right and wrong. Because Satan is the "government of the world" he has been able to mislead many people, and thus they see evil as good, and good as bad.He lied. 14:30; Yes. 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1, 2.

12 Listening to what the people of Satan's world say about what is right and wrong, we will gradually feel that what is Jehovah's way we are not. Speaking as Sharon, a young sister said: It's too late to come to realize that the things I learn in school and my people are changing my mind. Gradually, we do not miss what the Lord has taught us to be wrong. I read uploads to the platform, and so I started to think like the posters. I came to some point, I didn't feel happy with the church. And if I am in the middle of my family and siblings, I am not happy. Sharon later made changes, strengthening her relationship with the Lord Her Majesty. So he doesn't let Satan go again. What has helped him to make the changes?

13 Sharon realized that she had to make great changes in order to maintain her friendship with God and Jesus. He said: "I pray for the support of God and for my best friends, and I also want research in the books and videos of the congregation. The video Young People AskHow Can I Make Real Friends? It was very helpful to me. * The sister's difficulty in the video is similar to mine. He humble himself and asked his parents to help him. I decided to follow his example. My parents, the leaders, and some sisters helped me to regain what Jehovah was able to do and cut off those who loved him and have good friends. I'm sure, I won't have to go to meetings with my parents to listen to him. I'm just glad I am serving God. Instead, I have to do something that will strengthen my relationship with God and also see the reasons why I believe in the Bible.

You may feel like A BASA

14 unless we make good friends before we can continue to have a friendship with God. (Yak. 4:4) Also, we should be careful to believe in whatever we read or hear from God. For example, we might read a story or hear it.

* The videos and articles that can help young people who have a bad relationship with God are on the mind.org This information will be found in the section between One and one another, which is under the title youth. On the JW Library®, this information will also be found under the title of Relationship with God, which is available under the Information Requests for Teens.

11. How does Satan want us to feel about the things that Jehovah teaches us? What is one way he does it? (See also the picture.)

12. Why should we not obey the claims made by people in Satan's world about what is right and wrong?

13. What did you learn from Sharon's experience?

14. How can we ensure that Satan cannot destroy our faith? (See also the picture.)

RUST 2026

5

CURSO BÍBLICO GRATUITU

If we do not take good care of what the Lord teaches us in the Bible, we will be able to make a good relationship with him, and that will make us believe in him (short enough).

A false case or not all facts about the case. If we continue to read or listen to similar information, select things that are missing. But if we study the Bible and our congregation documents and videos, we regularly attend meetings with our brothers who are strong, it would be hard to deceive us. If we know the facts of the Bible well, we will see the hoax, and we will not allow Satan to weaken our faith.Section 13:20; apostles. 17:11.

15 If we continue to study the Bible and have a good relationship with God, we will be able to see it clearly.

15. How can we make sure that Jehovah and Jesus want us to be happy?

that they want to be happy. (Septe 22:19) The Bible contains information about men and women who believed in the Lord and Jesus. If we do not take good care of how the Lord and Jesus cared for them, we will also believe in God and Jesus. These words are very comforting to God and Jesus, and they are written in the Bible. If we read this information and take care of it, we will know that Jehovah and Jesus love us. For example, Jehovah said that he loved his servants more than a woman was looking after her baby. (Yes. 49:15) He also stated that he was not completely close to those who loved his name. (Mal. 3:16, 17) When we read the Bible, we see how Jesus feels

6 BUU-Lon

he asked about us. He said that he loved us so much that I came to look for us. 15:12, 13.

16 If we take into account how the Lord and Jesus have helped us in our life, then we can believe that they love us very much. For example, we can think of a period of time that Jehovah responded to or strengthens a church. If we consider how he helped us then, then it will make it clear to us that he will continue to look at us. We can also ask the brothers to show us how helped they are. (Article 22:17) Doing so will make us confident that whenever we need help, it will be backed up by Him and Jesus.Read Song 118:5, 6.

We all want to maintain a close relationship with God and Jesus. But as Satan and his demons have not been fully destroyed, they will continue to do their best to weaken our faith in God and Jesus. (Provincial. 20:1-3,What will enable us to fight against them? We need to continue to strengthen our friendship with God, and we strongly believe that both the Lord and Jesus love us and are not underestimated at all. Jesus promised that if we do that, Jehovah will continue to protect us, and no one will be able to shake [our] hands in the hands of the Father. Read John 10:29; Yak. 4:7.

18 of the next lesson, we will consider two more of Satan's actions to undermine our friendship with God. We shall know how he is doing all he can to make a difference in the organization and how he guides people outside the organization to help us. In addition, we will learn how best to remain faithful to God no matter what Satan will do.

16. Why is it important to think about how and how help we and others have been helped by God? (Song 118:5, 6)

17. At John 10:29, what did Jesus say would he do for those who continue to love him and his Father?

18. What will we consider in the next lesson?

How will you become an expert in the decision?

How does Satan destroy people's minds on God and Jesus in the past?

How does Satan destroy people's minds on God and Jesus today?

Why do you believe that Jehovah and Jesus love you and want you to be happy?

ARTICLE 150

Seek God's Way to Save you

OPOBER 12-18, 2026

ARTICLE 129 May We shall continue to sit

What we do not know, we should always remember that, Satan and his demons are not our brothers.

You Can Fight Satan and the Demons!

We do not fight flesh and blood, but we do have it. . . Evil ghosts in the space.EFE. 6:12.

We are servants of God, so we do not participate in the wars in the world. (Yes. 2:4; Yoo. 18:36) But the Bible states that each of us should fight Satan and his demons. (Read Ephesians 6:11, Down These bad spirits are far more powerful than us. So how can we defeat them? If we have helped us with this, it will be possible for us to defeat them. But it is also important to know what Satan and his demons are doing to weaken our faith and our brothers.

2 In the preceding study, we have come to know how Satan tries to destroy our minds so that we can not believe in God and Jesus. In this lesson, we will consider two more things Satan does to stop us from serving God. First, Satan tries to make division in the organization. Also, because he wants to fear and distract us from the ministry to gradually stop the campaign, he drives people outside the community to help us.

ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTIONS

3 Satan tries to make a difference between us and our siblings to make a difference in the organization. she is looking for it.

1. Whom should each of us fight? (Article 6:11, 12) 2. What will we consider in this lesson? 3. What is Satan trying to do?

8

Saul became jealous of David and no longer trust in Jehovah, but Jonathan trusted in Him and helped David (See article 4, 6)

We've played with each other instead of sitting against him. How does he do it? Many of the people in Satan's world do not express tendencies, and they often do not believe in them. Satan wants us to act like them. He wants us to speak against our brothers and even to hate our brothers.Rom. 16:17.

For example, consider how King Saul would gradually hate David. He used to love David's story. He became interested in David because he was a brave soldier. (1 Sam. 18:5) But when Saul saw people praising David more, he became very jealous of David. That made Saul hate David. That is why he repeatedly attempted to kill David. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) If Saul had murdered David, Satan would have fallen very ill. Why do we say that? For that reason, David has been anointed as Israel's next king. (1 Sam. 16:13) If this intention had not been fulfilled, Satan would have been very satisfied. Therefore, when Satan sees Saul doing all he could to kill David, whom Jehovah had appointed to reign, he was very happy.

5 Satan knows that if we keep one another united, Jehovah will help us to bless us. (Article 133:1) Because of this, he wants the organization to have problems. If we are jealous and hate our brothers as Saul did of David, Satan will help us to be fit. Satan knows that being jealous of our brother is very hard to express affection for them. (Mar. 12:30, their individuality, when it happens like that, will not please the Lord. James warned us with caution about how dangerous it is to be jealous of our brothers.Read James 3:14-16.

4. Why did King Saul try to kill David so often? (See also the picture.)

5. Why does Satan want us to hate our brothers and be greedy to them? (Thursday 3:14-16)

RUST 2026 9

If we really love our brothers, we will hate them or not be jealous of them, but we will be faithful to them. Consider Jonathan's good example. Saul became jealous of David, but his son Jonathan did not. He saw David as his friend and told him that what the Lord had said about him was going to happen. He told David, "You will reign over Israel." Jonathan humbles himself and agrees that, David is the one that Jehovah wants to reign after Saul and is thus supportive of David.1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

7 People are different, and Satan will also want to cause division among us. He wants us to believe that because we are different, the way we each act and the country we each are from each other, unity can't be amongst ourselves. What can we do wouldn't give him the chance to cause division among us? If we don't agree on issues or problems with them, we should resolve them quickly. (Read Ephesians 4:2527.) Do things that will make you love the brothers very much. Remember, just as each of the organs of the body is important and useful, so is Jehovah not caring for each of us, and he sees each one of us as beneficial. (1 Kor. 12:12) Our brothers were soldiers who joined us to fight Satan and the demons.1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 If a brother says something or does something sorry for you, remember that he is not as perfect as you are. Because we work together with our brothers, we will see their mistakes anyway. (Jaj. 7:20) But when it happens like that, we have to use the advice of the Bible and have a heart for ourselves. And if they offended us, we should hurry and forgive them. (Kol. 3:1214) If we show love to one another and maintain unity among ourselves, then we are doing what God and Jesus want us to do. 17:20, 21.

WE WANT TO ADOPTION TO ANDOS OF ADOPTION OF ADOS

Another way Satan tries to stop us from serving God is to save us. The Angel Paul warned that, all true Christians will be persecuted. (2 Tim. 3:12) If someone is persecuted, they are not treated properly. Therefore, when we are persecuted and not careful, we will concentrate on how to punish those who help us. But if we do, we will have very few time to do a crucial task, the ministry of service that is entrusted to us by the Lord.Rom. 12:1921.

10 Let's take a look at the fate of Abraham's son Isaac. Isaac became wealthy and had a lot of livestock. This made the people of Israel jealous of him and so he was prevented from drinking water. (1 Mo. 26:12-18) But water would also be needed for Isaac, his family and his livestock. As a result, he moved to a very isolated area where he dug boreholes. But the British also said the water there to them, causing the pastoralists to conflict with one another. It is evident that the Queen did not deal well with Isaac, which could have discouraged Isaac. But Isaac wouldn't let his troops go with the youths. What did he do? He is on his way to another place to make peace, and the Lord

6. What did you learn from the way Jonathan reacted? (See also the picture.)

7. What can we do wouldn't give Satan the chance to cause division among us? (Colgory 4:2527)

8. If a brother says something or does something that upsets you, how should you react to it?

9. What else does Satan do to stop us from serving God?

10. How did she react to the murder of Isaac?

10 BUU-Lon

#WE WARE CHANGE

STOP CORRUPTION

THEM SERVE

CHANGE

Will you continue to be faithful to Jehovah and support his Majesty? (See paragraph 13)

The valley. (1 Mo. 26925) If we are to be prosecuted we have to be patient and be kind to those who have wronged us.

11 When Jesus, the Messiah, came to earth, many people did not treat him well. For example, when he started the campaign, some relatives say he had a poor mindset. (Mar. 3:21) Religious leaders repeatedly tried to stop and even charged him with acquiring his power from demons. (Article 11:15, 16) he was released by going with one of his apostles. (Mat. 26:14-16) The archbishops' superiors cooperated with the authorities to be executed. (Mar. 15:1, 13-15) But Jesus did not allow bad deeds to stop him from doing the work that was entrusted to him by God. And he did not spare any of his victims' bad deeds. When Jesus was arrested, the angel Peter attempted to defend Jesus. Indeed, he even held a hearing of a bishop's slave. But Jesus didn't really approve of what Petro did and treated the man for it.

(Articles 22:50, 51) In all of these situations, Jesus did not attempt to make one of them self-defense. Instead, he went on to do his God-made job as he had done.

Just like it happened to Jesus, we also face challenges that can cause us to stop serving God. Satan is trying to stop us from going extinct. Parents and others who don't serve God can oppose or even persecute us. Nevertheless, Jesus directed us to love those who persecute us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) What will mean that we are following Jesus' command? We shouldn't even be able to do some of the help we have. Instead, we have to do whatever we can to deal with all people, including those who help us, be kind and calm, be patient with them, and respect them.1 Kor. 13:4.

13 when the authorities pass laws that made things tough.

11. When people were hurt by Jesus, what did he do?

12. How does Jesus say we should treat those who persecute us or oppose us? (Article 5:43, 44) 13. Why should we consider the actions of the rulers against us yet? (See also the picture.)

RUST 2026 11

If we continue to love our brothers and keep our unity amongst us, we will defeat Satan and the demons (Section 16)

For us or even for them to shut down our work, we still have to respect them. Why? Because God's Speech requires us to do so. (Rom. 13:1, 2) We cannot say that Satan has passed the laws that allow us to support any of the rulings. Nevertheless, he or she would like us to bury the authorities and speak against them or even wake up against them. Today, when the authorities make laws that are not compliant to the public, most of the citizens make a bladder to the authorities. But we as Christians, things like that are not fit for us! (Article 24:21, 22, shin. ; Jaj. 8:2, 3) If we wish for a government to be changed, and we trust in the Kingdom of God, then, we are doing the will of Satan. 15:19.

14 Some people who previously protested against Jehovah's Witnesses have become very active witnesses. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) Therefore, if people are from you to help you tell lies with yourself every evil, dont forget that they can change and worship God. (Mat. 5:11) Pray for leaders to treat us well and keep us serving God in peace. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Pray for others who can also oppose you like your family members, those you work with or those who go to school this way. Ask the Lord to help you see what you can do to change their mind. And you must also be very patient. A woman was opposed to her Witness husband for many years, but now she became a Witness. He said, "My husband is very patient with me. In fact, what helped me. Therefore, tolerance is very important.

15 The challenges we face are known to him.

14. If people oppose us, what should we not forget?

15. Why should we not think we can solve all bad issues?

12 BUU-Lon

that it is not easy to cope with it. (Article 37: 18) Not all bad deeds against us that we can do anything about. (Jaj. 1:15) But Marriage-wa can all work on. He promised that his Kingdom, in the near future, will address all allegations made by Satan and his people. (1 John. 3:8; Episode. 21:5) Until then, we have to be patient with all to express our love with them, and also to use our time and energy to help people as we can to become friends of God.

ADOPTION AND ADOPTION OF THE DISIPTION!

16 The Bible states that we can defeat Satan and the demons. (Yak. 4:7; 1 John. 5: 4, 5) But for us to defeat them, we need to have strong faith in God and Jesus. (Efe. 6:16) Therefore, continue to do things that will keep your faith in God and Jesus Christ alive. This belief will also help you to love your brother and there is unity among you.

17 Satan will continue to do what we can play with our brothers and also do things to discourage us and stop us from spreading. But we should not let Satan conquer us. Jehovah and Jesus have promised us that, if we continue to be honest, they will also help us to defeat Satan. Our siblings have also joined the effort to fight Satan. If people oppose us, we have to follow the advice of Jesus and treat them well. (Articles 6:27, 28) Therefore, don't run in accordance with your fight against Satan. Have a lot of confidence that you can defeat him and the demons.

16. What will help us to defeat Satan and the demons? (See also photographs.)

17. What should we be determined to do?

How will you become an expert in the decision?

What does Satan do to cause division in the organization?

What does Satan do to discourage us from leaving?

What makes you sure you can defeat Satan and the demons?

ROP 149 Winning Song

OPOBER 1925, 2026

July 106 What We Do See as Love

We need to learn how to follow the example of the apostles Paul, Moreance, and Treasurer, and do things to maintain peace in the congregation.

I am Making an apology with Love

I am appealing to you with passion.FLM. 9.

We are not completely concerned about the peace of ours and our neighbours. It shows us how good life is in Paradise. (Yes. 32:17, 18) It is true that Jehovah is the one who has given us this peace, but we have an obligation to ensure and preserve this peace. (Rom. 12:18) How should we treat our neighbours to ensure peace in the organization? If we have wronged a brother, how can we ensure peace and harmony among ourselves? And what can we do to ensure peace in our midst? We will see the results in a case involving the apostles Paul, Ost, and the bank. In that case, the Angel Paul voluntarily begged for peace.

I am going to feel like ADOS.

2Read Henry 8, 9, 17. In a letter to their lord, Paul urged him to pick up his captive slave, his escaped slave, back to him, he welcomed him. He was told by Paul to do so because of his love for Christ and for his brothers in the congregation. Probably you know this story. Then, we are going to go back to our village. She is known for her strong and loving belief. She has a non-Christian slave who is called a banker. On one occasion, the hunter ran away from Ostor and went to Rome. He couldn't afford to pay off his debts. (Flm. 18) While a fisherman was in Rome, he became a close friend of Christian and Paul. (Kol. 4:9) But Roman law requires slaves who have fled their owners to return to them. In order to comply with this law, Paul drove a banker to Court.Flm. 12, 13.

3 It is possible that Paul thought of how our ancestors would behave to him. The edict demanded that he be severely punished by a slave who had run back to his master. Therefore,

1. Of what responsibility is each of us?

2. Summary of the Euro and Currency case. (Filemon 8, 9, 17)

3. When Paul was travelling to Ewest, what questions might he have asked himself? (See also the photo on the cover of the cover.)

14

Paul may have wondered if Will we obey the law of a debtor? How will the community react if it happens to be the case? And how will other owners and other slaves in the organization feel? Paul knows that this issue can destroy the peace of the congregation. Therefore, he wrote a letter and took my hand to send it to Ost. (Efe. 6:21, Mayo Colonial. 4:7-9) Not only has he written, he wrote a letter to the congregation in Putin. In this study, we will discuss some of the issues in these two documents and see what materials they will take to learn from Paul, his banker, and our ancestors.

WHAT role do you borrow from your bank?

4 What can we learn from what Paul did? His treatment of the brothers ensured peace in the organization. We can also learn to do the same.

5 Paulo treated Andurge as his friend. (Flm. 17) Paul did not act as if he were the lord of Caesar and would be eligible for his order. (2 Kor. 1:24) Instead, he sawius as his Christian brother, and reminded him that they were friends. The actions made by Paul will lead to the risk of wetlanding to the problem of treating a banker who is now a Christian. And we all can learn from what Paul did, especially those of us who are serving as elders. Being friends with the elders will promote peace in the congregation. Because the elders love the brothers, they don't treat them as if they were their masters. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) Instead, they spend time with the congregation, listen to them, and because they are not underestimated at all, they help them with some help. Like Paul, when the elders treat the siblings as friends, it also causes the brothers to interact with each other in the same way, thus maintaining peace in the organization.

6 Paul praised Andurge. (Flm. 4, 5, 7) The removal of weed produces positive results. Why do we say that? Because there are many of us that we sometimes worry about some issues. We may worry if others see us as beautiful or offensive, we are not liked by others or not, or if we lose our trust in it. It is not difficult to hear of that at times. But if we are not careful, the way we feel about it can make us feel stressed or anxious earlier, or it seems to us that people are talking about it or even letting people see that they are better than they. If that happens, we will not be in peace with others. But feeling like that can make one feel worthless. (Section 12:25) He would also feel appreciated and loved. Do you not want to do it to make someone feel that way? If so, take the opportunity to praise people for something good they are doing. Don't forget, you don't only have someone to do something better. Instead, even if he tried to do something better, but they may not succeed, you also have to praise him. If you brief it, say to him, If you find something good about someone, tell it.

7 Paul said good things about the banker. (Read 10-12 AD.) Do you see, then, the good things that Paul said about a banker changed the mindset that he might have had on his bank and the well-being of a fisherman? No doubt that has happened! We, too, hear what we are saying about the brothers and how people will feel about it.

4-5. How can the leaders ensure peace in the organization?

6. Why do we need to praise people?

7. Why should we be careful about what we are saying about the brothers? (Filemon 10-12)

RUST 2026 15

Like Paul, have a positive attitude towards the brothers and also a positive attitude towards them

(See paragraph 8)

About and how they would deal with them. This means that we have not heard the good things about our brothers, it is easy for people to deal with them properly. Sadly, we don't say the good things about the brothers, it doesn't give people good faith. But unless we have a good attitude towards the brothers before we can say good things about them. What can help us to do that? Something that Paul often does can help us do that.

8 Paulo always thanked the Lord for his virtues. (Flm. 4, 5) He did the same for others. (1 Kor. 1:4-7; Fip. 1:3-5; Colony. 1:3, 4; 1 Tes. 1:2, 3) Although Paul finds their fault, he tries to focus on their virtues. And he always thanked God for giving him such friends. It is hard for you to say good things about others, remember: Don't try to focus on the good qualities of the brothers, and your regular prayers with Jehovah's blessing, it's very hard for you to do good things about them.

9 Although Paul was having challenges, he spoke to Caesar with warmth. Remember a very tired or depressed moment that led to a negative reaction? Of course, we are facing challenges, it is very easy for people to anger and talk to their neighbours. This is why Paul's treatment of his ancestors is remarkable. When he was writing the letter of God, he was "sold in jail" in his own rented house in Rome. (Flm. 1) But even a few years before this detention, he was beaten by some, after which he was arrested and imprisoned without a crime. He was imprisoned in Jerusalem and Caesarea. After that, he was ordered to go to Rome but when he was taken away, the ship they were in caught lying down. But Paul didn't give these various circumstances to have him speak to us without a proper checkup. Instead, he spoke to her with respect and warmth. What do we learn about his treatment of Caesar? We are tired, anxious, or even troubled with any problem, we can try to treat the siblings with a calmness to keep peace in the congregation. Being at peace in the organization will enable us to resolve our concerns.

WHAT role do you take in decision making?

10 because we are not perfect, we sometimes do something or say something that upsets people. How a fisherman reacted to us is evident in the way his wife acted.

8. What will help us to maintain a positive attitude towards the brothers and say good things about them? (See also photographs.)

9. Why is Paul's communication with his ancestors remarkable?

10. What do we learn from the way a fisherman reacted?

16 CUU-Lon

How to resolve conflicts. It seems that, what he did wasn't very much, but it is often hard to do. What did he do? He accepted his mistake, and he did his best to resolve his relationship with God. Onesi-mo knows that Roman law required him to return to his master. As a result, he made 1,400 kilometers of journey to the Persian. This journey would not be easy because it would take him about 50 days to arrive, which would require a significant loss of money. He wanted to become a slave again, and his ears would be punished even with what he did. No doubt, it is not easy to make such decisions. might he have felt justified to run against our ancestors? We cannot. But even he has felt so, yet he goes back and does everything he can to repair it with File-mon, now a Christian,.

In case you have done something or say something that has affected someone, go and make a decision between you and him. (Mat. 5:23-25) You may not be able to do this easily, but it is better to fix it among you, rather than to lose it. If you meet him, beg him, but donâ€TMt do that. Listen to what he will say, and try to understand why the incident has affected him. Acceptance. Don't disclose information and blame others for what you have done. Otherwise, there will not be any benefit to the court, the conflict will not expire, and it can even lift a bone. It is not easy to apologize, but we will be able to do so. And that is the way we walk, it will make us get better with others.Rom. 14:19.

WHAT role do you have in decision making?

The 12 June issue provides a picture of how we can promote peace and harmony. Did File-mon forgive and embrace her? The Bible does not. But Paul was convinced that Fi-lemon would do so. (Flm. 17, 21) Paul knew that due to the qualities of our ancestors, it would be hard for him to forgive a knife. What are some of these characteristics?

13 Orals fell in love with the brothers. (Flm. 5) The File-mon name means 'a person who likes,' and whose name is appropriate. Why do we say that? He is known for being very popular, and this attitude is what will help him to be able to forgive a bank. When Paul wrote to the village, he wrote a letter to our village council.

11. If we have done something that has affected someone, how can we fix our relationship with him? (See also photographs.)

12. What convinced Paul of our slave capital?

13. How much more peace will we need to be in the organization? And why? (Thursday 3:14)

Like a fisherman, humble and do all you can to preserve peace (See paragraph 11)

Like our ancestors, be a guest to remain united in the organization (shorter paragraph 15)

i.e., the congregation of Argen, he has argued that love is, an absolute tier. (Read Colossians 3:14.) Paul's statement suggests that keeping peace and harmony in the congregation is very important to show affection. If our love for people is strong, it is very hard for us to forgive and treat them well. (1 Kor. 13:4-7) Let's look at how we would love our ancestors and people.

146) And that gives him the opportunity to express his love with others. For example, he donated his home to the crowd in the area. (Flm. Also, Paul asked our ancestors to prepare a place to settle, highlighting his awareness that his ancestors were very hospitable. (Flm. There is no doubt that the guest western produced made the brothers happy and satisfied. 7.

15 Why is it that when we act like our father, we will have a chance of showing love to others? Being a guest of our brothers helps us to have a good relationship with them. For example, when we do not like the brothers we love too much or those that don't do to keep things we love, we see the beautiful qualities that each one has that make them different, and this enhances the well-being of the organization. When we come to know some of these people's issues like where they were trained, how they came to the truth, when the circumstances they have become they make them feel better and even more appreciated. This explains why God separated them from his family. (Cort. 6:44) When we are hospitable, it helps us to feel better than they are, have a positive attitude towards them, and if they are wronged, it gives us forgiveness.

16 Do you speak now, someone has wronged you and it is hard to forgive? Even if we love our brothers, it is sometimes difficult for us to forgive one another. When it happens like that, what can help us? Consider what Paul said about his letter to the congregation in Ostus in Damascus. (Read Colossians 3:13.) When you look at it, how can we tell our heart when reading this article to the congregation in his own home? Who may be in his opinion? Is it possible that he is still angry at his bank? If

14. Why can we say that our ancestors are hospitable?

15. What causes a guest to have a chance of showing affection to others? (Checks also.)

16. In what way may our ancestors apply the advice of Paul at Colossians 3:13?

18 BUU-Lon

Similarly, he knows what the advice Paul made to do. He should continue to develop a good heart, forgiveing one another. How can the advice of Paul help us?

17 What did Paul mean when he said, 'You have to worry for one another'? He has encouraged us to be patient and treat the siblings with anger or even do something that upset us. In the same paragraph, Paul argues that this is exemplified by the Lord in a touching manner. He understands, and therefore does not expect his subordinates to do anything else they do not. Although he is aware of their weaknesses, he focuses on their qualities. (Article 103:13, 14; 130:3) Because of this, it continues to show us constant affection and mercy. (Yaf. 3:22, 23) We have done all that we can to see the brothers as Jehovah sees them, we regret our mistake, and it is very hard to develop a heart for them, just as we have wronged them, they also develop a heart for us. For example: Ké has not yet turned up for a tree to grow, but we don't remember how old they have planted them.

17. What is the statement, "I will continue to have you touch with yourself?"

He asked us, that will help us continue to operate until we grow again. Likewise, remembering the good qualities of the brothers, we are going to help us avoid writing about any matter even, forgive and treat them with kindness.

18 Jehovah appreciated everything you do to ensure peace and harmony in the organization. Therefore, let's take a look at what you can do to keep peace. Keep talking to people with ease and talk about people better. Apologislify is a plea. If you are doing something that has affected someone, do all you can to repair you. Do things that will make your love of the brotherhood strong, because what will make it easy for you to forgive. Doing these things will help to promote peace in the community. And in the future, you will be among those that will the land shall become, and you will be very happy in the abundance of peace forever!Song 37:11.

18. What are you determined to do?

WHAT THE letter of God in front of the Book of Damascus: Caesar is reading the letter Paul has written to him in the presence of some people including a fisherman and a witch.

WHAT role do you have in decision making?

DONEPO Paul

DONProw

DONE

ARTICLE 154 Never Residence

OTOBER 26-NOVECATE 1, 2026

It is the Greatest chance we have to "provide sacred service to the Lord without Fear".

The New Rock 62

What will help us to appreciate the gift of salvation, the right to serve God, and the work he has given us to do.

He has resurrected the rescue . . . to . . He gave us the opportunity to offer sacred service without fear. LEA 1:69, 74.

A MAN lived in ancient Israel named Elijah and his wife's name is Eli-zabet. Staying for many more years. But once they were great, the Lord did some great things for them. She gave birth to a boy whom they had named John. When their people heard what had happened, they asked: "What kind of person will this child become? (Articles 1:57-66) Jehovah responded to this question to your mothers. Zaka-ria explained that the sooner the expected Messiah will come, but before that John will help people to repent and follow the Messiah. (Article 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But Elizabeth does not mention only what her son John would do. * In this study, we will know that what your daughter said is about the future as well, and that what she said applies to us today. In what Jonah has said, we find three things we should appreciate: (1) the gift of salvation, (2) the privilege of serving God, and (3) the work we have been entrusted to him.

INTTION OF RECTION

2 Reading Luk 1:67-73. God sensitized his people to give them a precious gift. That is, he will save them. But who through whom shall he save them? Zaka-ria responded by saying: [You will hide] a rescue that exists.

* See part 1 of the video of Jesus's Service Story containing the prophecy of Mary and placed on Luke 1:67 on the Brain.org and JW Library®.

1. What is the language of witchcraft?

2. (a) What is God's promise to his people? (Article 1:67-73) (b) Who is the great superhero mentioned at Luke 1:69?

20

He was very influential in his servant David's house for us. (Article 1:69; see footnote.) That is the Messiah's "great and powerful witness." The Jews at the time of the Queenmother were hoping for the Messiah, knowing that he was a descendant of Abraham and also of King David's family, to reign. (1 Mo. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42 If so, why did God inspire Elizabeth to announce that this "great and powerful slave" would happen? For that very soon the coming of the Messiah will be! After six months of this announcement, Jesus was born to a young woman named Mary. The angel Gabriel had said that Jesus would be called the "Son of God," and that he would rule as King in 'his father's throne of David'. (Article 1:30-35) When Jesus was 30 years old, he was baptized. At the time of his baptism, he was anointed with the holy spirit and became the Messiah, the "great and great witness". (Mat. 3:16, 17) It is an outstanding milestone!

3 It was important to save the Jews of Jesus' time. But who or what did they need to be saved? Yesciet replied: " your soul is from our adversaries and all those who hate us." (Article 1:71) Does this mean that Jesus would rescue them from the Roman colonization and persecution of them? No. Rather, it is necessary to save the Jews from the hands of Satan who is the exact cause of persecution. (Defense. 2:14, 15) It is due to Satan that all humans, including the ancient Jews, commit and die. Jews were required to be saved for another reason. That is, they cannot comply strictly with the Mosaic Code. And the Bible says that, they are "not waiting for" them.

3. Why was it necessary to save the Jews of Jesus' time?

(Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13) For this reason, they needed what was promised by God through witchcraft. That is, Rescue . . . by granting their pardons. Ordinary 1:77.

Today, what do we need to have to have been released? Similarly, in the case of the Jewish people of Jesus, we also need to be saved from sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) In addition, Satan and the demons have caused a lot of suffering. They do their best to disobey and stop serving God. We are against those who hate us because we worship God. We need to be saved from all these enemies.

5 How does our Lord Jesus save us from these enemies? When on earth, Jesus taught his followers how to worship God. In addition, he gave his life as a ransom so that everyone who trusts him would not die but have everlasting life. (Cort. 3:16; Matt. 20:28) We do all that we can to worship God as Jesus has taught us. But still, we are not perfect, so if we commit a mistake, we stop pleading with him to forgive us. And Jehovah also forgives us for the sacrifice of Jesus, accepting our religion. (1 John. 2:1, 2) Jesus, our Savior, through these ways saves us to forgive our sins and live forever.

6 How will Jesus completely save us from sin and death, Satan and his demons, and from those who hate us? Since 1914

4. Today why have we need to be saved?

5. How does Jesus save us from sin?

6. What will the King who sits on the throne of David? (See also the picture.)

RUST 2026 21

Through Jesus Christ, God has given us the gift of salvation (See article 6)

Then, Jesus sits on his father's throne in the sky to reign. (Jacob 1:32, 33) Soon after God, the 144,000, and the faithful angels will destroy all human beings who oppose God at Armageddon. Then, during the Thousand Years, Jesus will raise the dead to life and bring the 144,000 to the aid of humans to gradually be complete. (Cort. 5:28; Exit. 22:1, 2) Towards the end of the millennium, they have abolished sin and death. (1 Kor. 15:26, 55-57) Then, Jesus and the 144,000 will destroy Satan, his demons, and all human beings who will be following them when the millennium has come to an end. (Provincial. 20:7-10) Lastly, all humans who remained faithful to the Lord shall serve him without sin, will not die, nor shall anyone again resist them! Therefore, we shall praise God forever because through Christ Jesus he saved us.2 Kor. 9:15.

ARTICLE OF THE SYSTE OF THE SYSTE OF THE SYSTE OF THE SYSTES

7 Reading Luke 1:74, 75. God's gift of redemption gives us a unique opportunity. Yes, she said, " We have been given the opportunity to offer holy service to her without fear." How do we offer "pure service to God"? Whenever we go, pray, we shall study the Bible, we shall attend the meeting, the district council, and the district council, then we shall be offering sacred service to God. Also, if we serve at church, we support Kingdoms and Assemblys, and we are helping to build this heart, then we are offering sacred service to God.

8 If we are to serve the Lord without fear, what does it mean? First, it means that we are not afraid of death. Because we know that

7. What rights did God hold to his people? (Article 1:74, 75) 8. Of what things are we not afraid?

22 BUU-Lon

We shall live forever, not only do any of our time and energy. Instead, we need our church more than anything else. Also, if the heroes tell us that they will kill us, we will not let tomorrow worry and stop serving God. Instead, we remain faithful to God because we know that when we die, in the future, Jesus will bring us to life again. (Cort. 6:39, 40) Second, it means that we are not afraid that because of our sinful nature, Jehovah will reject our world for us. We are sure that Jehovah loves us and is interested in us, and because of the sacrifice of Jesus, he will forgive us our sins. 4:9, 10.

9 But for some of our brothers, it is hard for them to believe that their service pleases God. Perhaps due to bad past, they feel unworthy to be loved by God. Or in the past they have made some solemn confessions and petitioned the Lord to forgive them, and have the assistance of the elders, but their conscience still burns them down for those sins. If that happens to you, what can you do?

10 Consider this example. When a person's foot goes to the doctor, the doctor connects to his or her foot, telling her to do some things so that he can move again. But what should he do if the person thinks he cannot walk again? He should believe in the doctor, and continue to do the things he told him to do. If he does, in time he will help him to walk better and even run away.

In the same way, if you have sinned against something that has broken your heart, and therefore you feel that Jehovah will not be pleased with you, you should believe in him that will help you. Know that because of his goodness and mercy, through the ransom he will give you a chance of survival. (Cort. 1:16, 17th Rom. 3:23, 4) 1 John. 3:19, 20) So do things and advise you to get back. These are, taking in church, education, and various meetings. (Song 1:2; 1 Tes. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Just as a person's foot may take some time to recover from the person's health, so it may take some time to prove his or her interest in you. But you can believe you will get better again. Therefore, don't despair. Keep trying to do something that will strengthen your relationship with God. (Fip. 3:16) And every day, thank you for giving you the strength you need to continue serving him. In fact, we all thank the Lord and Jesus because they gave us the opportunity to offer sacred service without fear!

ADOPTION FOR ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

12 Reading Luke 1:76-79. Eve told her young son: "You will go ahead of the face of the Lord to repair your ways." How does this happen? When his young son, John the Baptist, grew up, he became a very brave publisher. He urged the Jews to repent their sins, get baptism, and expect the coming of the Lord. After his baptism, Jesus informed people that Jesus came from God. He said: "Here, God's Son who takes away the sin of the world!" John then urged his disciples to follow Jesus, the Messiah. 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

9. What is it challenging for some brothers to believe? And why?

1011. When we are struck by a sin that we have committed, so we are feeling worthless that Jehovah will not be pleased with us, what can we do? Explain an example.

12. How does John's Baptist repair the name of the Lord? (Article 1:76-79)

RUST 2026 23

If we hold on the gifts of God and do not appreciate the privilege given to us, we shall do his assigned work with confidence (short passage 16)

13 John did all he could to inform all people that Jesus was the Messiah, and it is very good for him to do that. Why? Yesterday and the coming of the Messiah were likened to a great deal of selfishness. This means that the arrival of Jesus will completely change people's lives. This is a good news, and we need to preach this message to all people. But only John cannot spread this message to all. If so, who will be this good news?

14 Jesus spread this good news aloud. She is the one who was recounted by Eve about her that she would make sure that those people who are in the dark and in the fight for death are going through this earth. Jesus was very fond of helping people with poor treatment. According to the announcement, Jesus made a revelation to them by spreading about the year of goodness to God. (Read Article 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) Doll and boldly: The Empire of Heaven has come to an end. Nevertheless, Jesus knew that it is important to have more people to spread this good news. Therefore, he trained his students to also be able to share some with them. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 Today, as followers of Christ, we are not playing the right to help those they saw as being saved. In fact, the issue of Jesus' ransom and the Kingdom of God we are going to make it more difficult than ever before. Why do we say that? In light of the near future. a great unprecedented tribulation from the beginning of the world till now will take place. (Mat. 24:21) Meanwhile, many people will likely listen to the message of salvation we preach and begin to worship God because they are coming-

13. When Eve says the coming of the Messiah like '''''', what did she mean?

14. What important role did Jesus play with his disciples? (Article 61:1, 2)

15. Today, why is it more important to preach the good news than ever before?

24 BUBI-Lon

Remember the issue we preach. Then, Jesus and the 144,000 and the angels, shall fight against all those who oppose God, and he shall save the people who worship Him so that they can live in the new world. (Mat. 25:34; Episode. 16:16; 19:19) Therefore, it is very important to preach the good news now!Mat. 24:14; Mar. 13:10.

The wording of Luke 1:68-79 reminds us of three things we do not overlook at all. These are: the extraordinary gift of salvation to God, the privilege of serving him without fear, and the duty to put our hands on the good news. Do you believe in Christ's ransom, and promise to serve him forever to prove that you have saved his gift? Are you not concerned about the chances of serving God? If so, do your work with confidence, i.e. to go Jehovah's kind year. The good news is that the Kingdom of God will destroy all evil people, and the earth will soon become a paradise. Call for all those who love the Lord to join us and serve him sacred service to him without fear of sincerity and righteousness in his eyes. Ordinary 1:74, 75.

16. What are you determined to do? (See also photographs.)

WHAT THE MINOR is taking place on page 24: In the first picture, two sisters are spreading on the doorsteps. In the second episode, a brother and a user are resting and selling their identity to him. In the third episode, a sister is explaining why the Lord is the creator of all things in school, and her teacher is listening to her classmates very well.

At what AGBA is at UKA 1:68-79 , . . .

What gifts do you make to us from God?

What rights do we get from the ransom sacrifice of Jesus?

What task is assigned to us?

July 159 Give Gaming to the Lord

EXPTION OF THE OPTION

My Big Creator Turns Out My Mind

The CEO IS ADOPITION OF STÉPHETI

When I was going to school, I didn't like it, nor did I try to do it. I want to protect myself from others and people will not mind me. And he never came to my mind that there is a God who will draw his attention to me. Why?

I grew up in Paris, France, and many of my parents and grandchildren did not believe in God and thus I did not believe in his existence. I do not believe that man created all things, but I have thought that all things came into existence. We were taught this in school, and like many people, I thought it was true. I felt it was wise and so I didn't dispute.

My parents disliked theology. They argued that if God had existed, many evil things would have continued and people would not have suffered. And I, too, once I have seen the bad practices of those who believe in God, I have assumed that it is pointless to believe in a God of love. I even mocked those who believe in God.

But now, I believe that God is the one who created us, and he cares for me despite not being complete. Why am I so happy now? Let me tell you.

When I was 19 years old I needed a military train. I was extradited to French Guiana in South America, where I spent a year there. There is a lot of distance from our country. French Guiana is very beautiful. I didn't know when I was taken there to change my life completely.

When I was 20 years old, I returned to Paris. When I went, the same thing happened every week: I worked very hard Monday through Friday, then on the weekend, I would play with my friends. But indeed I am not happy. I felt that I was just lucky, and I didn't do something better. I saw that people are not honest, I hate people who are different from ours, and there is no one.

I grew up in France, and I and my parents don't believe in God.

26 BUBI-Lon

People are trapped in a very poor state while others have a lot of property. In addition, good people are taking advantage of it and destroying the environment. I was concerned about these things. I wanted all these bad things changed, but I didn't know what I could do about it. I felt like I should be back in South America.

Can I borrow a lot from someone?

I returned to French Guiana where my military service was trained, and I went into a isolated village in a forest. Miyasu-that when I got into the forest, I would burn marijuana, and I kept myself away from the bad things I saw in Paris, I would be happy. But some time later I returned to my farm again. I work Monday to So-giving, then at the end of the week, I am making a big promotion.

During that time, someone gave me a Bible. I started reading with the idea to help me be a good person. But I didn't understand what I read.

I got some friends who were too curious about why humans live. They settled in the forest and called the area Union. They called me to settle with them there.

I stayed with them in the forest, and I took up a life there because life in the area wasn't easy and our problems were few. We have done whatever we want, and there is no one there to tell us what we should do. We wake up in the dry season, and we go to sleep for a couple of days. We planted our own food, we sing songs, and burn marijuana. We do not destroy the forest we live in, and we help each other. We don't fish because we don't want to kill the animals in the forest. We do not respect the laws of the country and sometimes violate them when we think it is good for us not to hurt anyone.

We have found, everyone in the world lives the way we live. While we are in the forest, we are not going to allow anyone to lead us, and we treat everyone better regardless of the person's background. But some time later, I came to realize that, we all depend on him alone, and we make mistakes, and we also face the same challenges that people in other areas face. Some of my friends in the forest stayed there for a few days; some also stayed for weeks or months. I reside there for over two years.

When I was in the forest, I came to realize that, whatever we need in life, it has become abundant in the environment. I decided to read the seeds in the harvest one day. As I read it, I found that, it was very big, and so I stopped reading it. I asked myself,

Here is one of the buildings that I and my friends built in the forest.

B. Me; the time I was in the forest

A

B

Why are things we need so much in life? Therefore, I said to myself, The land is like a well-established property and all the materials that need it for a person to live in it. I feel that the resources on the land themselves do not come into a good state. But who did all the things on the earth? There is someone who created all things. But I don't know anything about this person.

I continued to read the Bible. But now, I have read it to see what God wants me to do. I started praying, doing the cross mark by the Catholics, but I don't know why they do it. I also asked myself, 'It's possible for the person who created all things to be called Yaho, because it is some of the ways I have heard in the fire that we have known some of the times we have been in the forest.'

ITION FOR ADOPTION OF ADOPTION

Now, when I began to talk about the church, I feel my Creator realised that I want to know him well. At one time, one of the people I was in the forest met with some witnesses and gave him a copy of the book You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth. * When I read this book, I was so surprised by what I learned! I have told me that, we can live our lives with it.

* Developing, but no longer, Jehovah's Witnesses.

Forever on the land that has become a paradise. What I wish is, live in a peaceful environment, and there is peace between me and the people I love and I do not die. I would like to have a friendship with a very nice Creator who wants us to have a better life.

I saw that, I had to change my lifestyle, but I also saw that it would require help. So I asked another friend to let me meet a witness named Michel, who was studying with him.

On the same day that I met Michel, he invited me to attend a district conference in Matoury. The city is located near the capital of Cayen, French Guiana. I would take my car to Matoury for three hours. I used to go for a long period of time, and I set up a basket. I held our own flag and a taxi riot, and the shirts I wore were much larger than me. But the brothers didn't focus on how I was preparing for it, and they helped me to attend the meeting. They hired me at a place where he was working, and they also fed me. The brothers' attitude towards me and their generosity led me to think that I had found the truth.

In a statement given at the meeting, 1 Timothy 5:8 was disbanded. This text states

CEO

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDMENT

I studied the truth in French Guiana, I was baptized in France and is currently serving with my wife in New Caledonia

On the day we got married.

2006; Present a Chinese group

As a head of a family, he was well -esteeed to his family. I see, I see himself as our Father, and therefore he will take good care of his family members. For this reason, I wrote, "If you put me first in my life, I don't need to worry about my needs because I'm going to be cared about by God." And I found this to be true, because I saw how much Jehovah cared for Michel. Michel made his service more important to him than anything else in his life, and he has nothing to do with it as well.

I learn a lot from the Bible and understand that I need to make some changes in my life. I saw fit to stop smoking and smoking marijuana. And so, quickly I put the rest of the fuel and marijuana in the fire, and I will no longer pick up any more. I started attending some meetings with others. At one of the conference, I told a brother who had bent long and worked for me, and quickly he arrived at the Imperial Hall.

A few weeks later, I left those I reside in the forest in French Guiana, and I returned to France. I got a Kingdom Hall, where I continued my Bible education. My parents saw me changing completely. I no longer go to school, I won't get drunk, and I'm no longer going to the different studios where these bad things are happening. My parents were happy that he was coming back to my house, but they didn't enjoy the things I believe now. Also, they didn't like how I got to hug them. I later learned that when I was talking about God to them, I should speak to them with a calm and nice gesture.

I was baptized in 1996. I prayed to God to also become a foreign minister such as Michel. I saw this as the best way to thank God.

MYCTYPE BYI MINORS

A beautiful sister called Cudine in my town. I saw that he was actively doing his work, and that his answer to the meetings shows that he loved God so much. I wanted to know him well, but first wanted to know if he wanted to serve as a foreign minister. I saw that he would love it so much! We were married in April 2000.

In the next year, we all became regular pioneers. After some time, we decided to study Mandarin so we could support a Chinese group run by a nearby congregation. I do not enjoy this language very easy to learn. I needed to think like the Chinese, and find ways to send them to enjoy the truth in the Bible. To be honest, I didn't really study Mandarin. But I did all that I could, and we would never forget the joy and time we spent collaborating with our brothers. We got a lot of things through those years, and he trained us well for the work he gave us in the following years.

MY BASO

In the past years, I have not seen any things easily. I felt, for example, that it wasn't a good thing.

RUST 2026 29

Now, we are serving in New Caledonia as district manager and wife

The biggest thing I do for the Lord and the brotherhood. I wanted the words I was making to be good and there was nothing wrong, so I always dressed in it. Still, I'm often sorry because I don't like what I can do. (Jaj. 7:16) I had to see that Jehovah was a loving Father, enjoyed what we could do, and did not compare us with others or expect integrity from us.

During the lockdown in Paris, I was given a ministerial assistant. I felt I wasn't young, and I didn't know how to do the district task well. But I found that the holy spirit of God can cause us to do more than we can do ourselves.

I also don't have anything else to make it easy. From my childhood, I have had a disease that causes me to lose weight, especially my hands. If I am scared of something, I am overly hurt by water, such as when teaching to a lot of people during a district meeting or district meeting. But when I pray to Jehovah to make me calm, it is good. This disease hasn't improved yet, so if I really trust in Jehovah, I am calming and doesn't treat me much.

In 2011, God made something of our best interest possible. We started serving as foreign ministers in New Caledonia. It is some of the islands on Pacif-ic ocean. Moving a pedestrian from Paris would take a 20-hour walk there. When we went there, we needed to study more new ones. We need to learn new foods like cassava, cocoa, and so on. Early in the morning, the smell of chicken and the noise of the leopards prevented us from sleepling, but when times went through, we were able to sleep. Another thing we need to learn is that, those on these islands receive not only wear their eyes but also pick their eyeballs.

Another thing that Jehovah does for us is that he helps us to be able to adapt to his promises. After serving as foreign ministers for some years, we were given a place to serve in Be-tel. After that, let us go to the School for a copy of Kingdom News, and we are now serving as district manager and wife. In each of the work that the Lord puts upon us, we find that by means of his holy spirit he helps us. Jehovah has made me realize that even if I don't get some things easy, it will still help me to do some of his work. Therefore, I always pray with confidence to help me. Even so, it is very hard for me to speak in front of a lot of people, but Jehovah helps me to encourage and support the brotherhood in the organization. I also help them so that they can serve him in the way he wants.

In all the troubles that have been faced, menarche has been instrumental. She is very patient with me. He was happy to do whatever work the Lord would give us, and he preached with confidence. He did not mourn when we went to the islands or traveled from a congregation to another congregation where we had to fight against the plight of the congregation.

When I first attended a district meeting, I knew that Jehovah, the Almighty Creator, always cared for his people. Having served God with my best interests, I gave me many good things. I have been helped by God, and I have seen that it is important to protect the army and its people. It has also helped me to introduce myself. I stopped working with people who don't want to stay in accordance with the requirements of God so that I can serve him properly, but Jehovah has given me many friends. He gave me the best wife. And I have the hope of having lived forever and being given many good things to me by God. 10:29, 30.

30 CUBI-Lon

DO NOT ADO?

What happened at the national gates mentioned in the Bible?

The gates are not just a place for people to enter a country. Many people were admitted to these camps because of the poor performances in the area. Several times national meetings are mentioned in the Bible, highlighting the current events.

People gathered together at the municipalities. Use of the Hebrew term translated loper does not apply only to the point of entry to a country. It is also used to provide parking space to people near the town centre. In some countries, there are vital gatherings in the country's gates next to the meeting place.Neh. 8:1.

Marketers market alongside the national gates. Some of the gates in Jerusalem were called the Fish Street and the street. The products sold near these gates may have been named after those names.Zef. 1:10; Yoo. 5:2.

People spend a lot of money in public places next to the gates and other activities in the area. Abraham went to an agreement near a town in public. Similarly to Boaz. (1 Mo. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Rut 4:1, 10) When people are travelling freely and without notice, they usually eat the dancing at the national council next to the town council. (Coj. 19:1521) Some also go to the national gates to hear what has happened. 2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

Judges spend a lot of time at the national gates next to. They prosecute people for the information and how it was collected. (5 Mo. 21:18-20) Appeals for the prosecution are made to the prosecutions for effective prosecutions. When the judges make a decision, they ensure urgent action is done. (5 Mo. 25:2) It is expected that the magistrates who are judging the courts of the country will be in good condition and be just so that the public will be able to behave better.5 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

Various activities have been taken up in the national camps.

The old men went to the national camps to urge the gathered Israeli people to trust in the presence of God. When people have information they would like to know, they go to the national gates because they know people come together there. (1 State. 22:10; Yer. 17:19, 2022, for example, Yehu went public gate to warn all the citizens that what Jehovah had spoken out against the Golden Palace has come true. (2Category. 10:8-10) A town-owned warrior also gathered commanders at a town gate and urged them to trust in the Lord for help.2 Kro. 32:6-8.

The Bible states that, "true discretion" is actively pushing or raising its voice in the mouth of the country. (Septe 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, loyal men gave good judgment and sound judgment at the national gates. Today, wise words from God are written in the Bible, and his servants worldwide are helping people to learn the Bible and acquire true wisdom.

RUST 2026 31

CUU-Lon

EXECTYPE BY ADAFI

August 2026 Vol. 147, No. 8 GA

BUNBI-SESSIONS

Article 5-11 2

Save the Lord and Jesus but Not Satan

Article for October 12-18 8

You Can Fight Satan and the Demons!

Article for October 19-25 14

I am Making an apology with Love

Article for October 26November 1 20

It is the Greatest chance we have to "provide sacred service to the Lord without Fear".

EXPTION 26

My Big Creator Turns Out My Mind

DO NOT ADO? 31

What happened at the national gates mentioned in the Bible?

ADOPTION OF you

An Early Mangory

About 30 trees are mentioned in the Bible. The almond tree is among the most common trees. It is among the earliest cutting down trees in Israel and the end of the festival. During the month of January, it was visible and packed into a beautiful iron. The price of one of its vegetables is pink or white. The people of Israel called the almond tree in their statement, 'a man of early life'. Is there any thing that the person who created this tree does as much as this tree grows early?

In the footnote of Jeremiah 7:25, it is said that the Lord wake up early in the morning and sends his bodyguards. On March 15, 2011, the Protection Minister said: "As almond's tree "keep it early," so is Jehovah's "early rise up in the morning" in a metaphor [to warn] his people of the consequences of disobedience. . . . He will continue to meet up until his prophetic speech comes true. 1:11, 12.

The white air of the almond tree is also compared to the old age in the Bible. (Jaj. 12:5) Because the almond flowers are beautiful, as Bezalel performs the reading of the church tent, he makes the bottles of the lightbands similar to the almond flowers.2 Mo. 37:1720.

This form has not been seized. It is part of a global Bible education initiative supported by voluntary donations. If you want to make a donation, please attendww.four.org.

Unsigned texts are from the Holy See.

The Sip (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J3484, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

visit the brain.org website, or this symbol

JW.ORG ®

w26.08-GA