JUNE 2026

SAFETY IS PROTECTED BY THE KINGDOM OF YOUYOWA

SCHEDULES FOR: AUGUST 10-SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

122 ADZIDZI

Stand Still, Forever!

TERRITORY

This article will reassure us that no matter what tests of faith we may have, we can continue to be loyal to Jehovah.

How We Shall Continue to Be Loyal in Tests of Our faith

“Sir, whom shall we go away from? You have eternal life."—YOH. 6:68.

One day Jesus was teaching people in Kapernaum telling them: "If you eat the body of the Son of Man, and you do not eat his blood, you will not save life." He added: “The one who eats my body and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise it up on the last day.” (Yoh. 6:53, 54) This statement is inappropriate for many of Jesus' disciples, so they say: “Go! What difficult thing is this; who can raise this question?”—Yoh. 6:60.

2 Jesus' statement resembles many of his disciples and they have changed following him. Does this mean that they do not believe in Jesus at all? That is not the case, because many of these disciples were so impressed by what Jesus had done earlier that they said: “Even so, this man is the Prophet whose forecast is going to come into the world.” (Yoh. 6:14) This made it clear that these disciples believed in Jesus to some extent. However, when Jesus made an unambiguous statement, they turned their backs on him and became disloyal.

3 The apostles continued to be loyal to Jesus. When Jesus asked them if they too wanted to leave, Peter replied: “Lord, whom shall we go away to? You have eternity of life. We believe in him, and we come to recognize that you are the Holy God." (Yoh. 6:68, 69) Note that Peter made no statement suggesting that he and the other apostles had fully understood Jesus's statement of eating and drinking his body. Regardless of their understanding of Jesus' words, they chose him as

1-2. What happened one day when Jesus was teaching people in Kapernaum?

3. How did Jesus' apostles respond, and for what? (See also picture.)

2

Although many disciples have changed following Jesus, Peter and the other apostles continue to apply to him (See paragraph 3)

will be fully analyzed. For what? For-make them certain that Jesus is the “Christ of God,” and their faith is based on this fact.—Luke 9:20, 35.

There are four different factors that can test our loyalty to Jehovah. For example, how do we respond when the organization makes a manual change in how we understand a Biblical point or how we do the preaching work? Or have you come under a difficult circumstance and it is hard for you to understand why Jehovah allows it? It is also possible for a fellow Christian to react negatively to you or to someone you respect in the congregation. All of this can test your faith.

5 We must have faith based on solid foundation. We can illustrate it as follows: Where land is open-source, the builders ensure that the building's foundation is strong enough so that when land is open, the building will not collapse. Similarly, we need strong faith so that when tests such as those described in the preceding paragraph come upon us, we can stand firm. Therefore, it is important to base our faith on the available foundation so that we can continue to be loyal to Jehovah when trials come upon us.—1 Cor. 15:58; read Colossians 1:23.

6 What helped the apostles to continue with regard to Jesus when many turned their backs on him? The apostles were sure that he was going to minister to the Lord because he had made all things. Jesus is guaranteed to be the Son of God, who "has eternal life." They are also sure that Jehovah is fully behind Jesus. In this article, we will find three facts that will help us to be loyal to Jehovah in all kinds of examinations. They are:

4. What factors can test our faith?

5. Make an example of why we should base our faith on a stable foundation. (Coloss 1:23)

6. What helped the apostles to continue with regard to Jesus?

JUNE 2026 3

(1) Jehovah is the Creator of all things. (2) The people of the Bible were used by the holy spirit of Jehovah. (3) Jehovah’s Witnesses are using the Jehovah God today. Complete confidence in these facts will keep us loyal as tests of faith come upon us.

YEHOWA IS A CITY OF ALL Things

7 Read Revelation 4:11. This scripture assures us that all things are done by God. This fact made us realize that it is the one we should serve. Reflecting on his power, this will reassure us that he can save us from all the troubles we face. However, Satan spreads lies in this world which has caused many to question whether God exists. It is not surprising, then, that some scientists even claim that life has taken place independently. Because of this, we need to have absolute confidence that Jehovah is the Creator and deeply loves us. Otherwise, we will become suspicious if the real ship will take us under difficult circumstances.—Heb. 11:6.

8 If you don't come back and spread that Jehovah has done things, you should take action quickly. In our publications, we find detailed evidence to show that Jehovah is the Creator. You can find a number of clues that will strengthen your faith in the books of Genesis? (Was Life Created? or La bit a-t-elle was créée ?) and How Biodiversity Has Ended—Five Essential Questions You Need to Think Of (The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking or Cinq questions à se poser sur l'origine de la bit de la). Additional evidence can be found in a variety of books and videos titled “Is It Made?” in .org. A young sister, Jessica, in America, said: “After I researched in our literature, I became convinced that there is a informed Creator and that he did everything. I know these things.

7. (a) What guarantee is found at Revelation 4:11? (b) What can happen when tests of faith come upon us?

8-9. What will you do if you don't further spread that Jehovah is the Creator? (See also photo.)

You will be able to read one of our publications that proves that there is a Creator. But would it not be good to read it again?

(See paragraph 8)

Space (Nebula): IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; fish and ou: Mercedes-Benz USA; plane: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

already but the investigation removed any doubt from me." Also, the book Find Joy in Life Forever! lesson 6 and 7 have benefited a great deal. You may have studied it, but it is not good for you to repeat it?

9 In further self-exploration, you can discuss the evidence that will convince you that God really exists. This will not only help you to be sure that Jehovah exists, but also help you to know more about his attractive qualities. (Rom. 1:20) Also you can use the lessons you have learned to help people who are not sure that God exists. In fact, the numerous creatures of Jehovah around us have proved to be real.

THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF THE YEHOWA

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. The Bible is a message from Jehovah to humans. It contains answers to important questions about life and lets us know the will and will of Jehovah. We are certain that Jehovah is the author of the Bible, so the Bible is our most important book in life for us. It is important to understand the Word of God and strive to comply with its contents.

11 What convinced us that the Bible was inspired by the holy spirit of Jehovah? Several reasons. For example, the Biblical reference to the past is factual. (Luke 3:1, 2) The details of the heart and the surface and their contents are precise. (Hiob 26:7) Despite Satan's efforts

he could not take the Bible for granted. Today, the Bible is the most widely published book on any other. The Bible has been written by about 40 people, and its writing has taken over over six hundred thousand years, yet their statements are consistent. Despite a large number of written fees, the suggestions in it have not gone away, they are still useful to millions of people today. (Lod. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) And many biblical predictions have also come true which proves that we can trust the content. (Yos. 23:14) Yes, it is clear that the Bible was inspired by God!

12 What will you do if you don't come back and spread that the Bible is a book from God? You should speak to Jehovah about how you feel to him for help and investigation. For example, a youth named Jordan, whose parents are Witnesses, said: “I just don’t believe in what they say. I don’t think I’m sure about things. And he will go there when something is not clear to me or when a question bothers me, I try to explore in our publications to understand things well." Continuing to practice things that will reassure us that the Bible is inspired by God’s holy spirit, this will strengthen us and we will be strong in faith.—1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

Jehovah’S MISCELLANEOUS MISCELLANE

13 When it is difficult for you to believe that Jehovah’s Witnesses are the dominant organization

10. What is the purpose of the Bible as a valuable resource for us? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. What led to the belief that the Bible was inspired by God?

12. If you do not come to the conclusion that the Bible is a book from God, what should you do?

13. What will you do if you do not become completely convinced that Jehovah’s Witnesses are the organization that uses the Jehovah God today?

JUNE 2026 5

It is because of the love and unity of its people around the world (See paragraph 16)

Jehovah God today, however, you need to take immediate action to remove that suspicion. In order to do this, ask yourself these questions: 'Who are the people who are striving hard to live by the Bible’s guidelines? What organization builds all its beliefs on the Bible?' (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) 'Who are the people doing the will of the Lord today?'—Mat. 7:20, 21.

14 To identify today's people who are doing the will of God, ask yourself, 'Who are the ones doing the preaching work that Jesus predicted would be doing in the last days?' (Mat. 24:14) The answer appears mildly. Jehovah God is using his people, his witnesses, to carry out this work of preaching. Only Jehovah’s Witnesses are announcing the good news of God’s Kingdom in over 240 countries. We have been doing this for over a century now, and the King of God's Kingdom is with us in carrying out this work. Yes, we focus on the most important work of preaching and teaching.—Mat. 18:19, 20.

14. What shows that the words at Matthew 24:14 are being fulfilled today by Jehovah’s Witnesses?

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43.10. Today most people do not know that the name of God is Jehovah. But it is a great honor for us Jehovah's Witnesses to have this name on us, and as a result, this name has now become widely known. Also, although the divine name appears more than seven thousand times in the oldest books of the Bible, it has been omitted from many Bibles. However, in the Holy Scriptures—the New World Translation of the Bible, we re-incorporate the name to all its rightful place.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. Today, there is no harmony in the world, there is only so much hatred. However, the people of Jehovah fell in love with one another and became united. Although we come from all backgrounds, we have different cultures and personalities, we strive to be at peace with one another and we love our brothers. Have you traveled on and on to meet together in a different congregation? If so, you will recognize

15. How are Jehovah’s Witnesses celebrating the divine name today? (Mateo 6:9; Isaiah 43.10)

16. Why can we say that the law found at John 13:34, 35 is in force by Jehovah’s Witnesses? (See also photo.)

6 GETEP

The love and unity among our brothers here. This made it clear that Jehovah’s Witnesses are using Jehovah’s Witnesses today to keep its intentions in fruition. If this is in your mind, it will help you to continue to be faithful to Jehovah when you face tests of faith.

DO NOT RELEASE YOU

17 We are living in difficult last days, so things will not be easy for any of us. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) Some difficult situations can befall us which can cause us anxiety. The Jehovah's organization may make some changes or offer some direction that we do not really understand. And a brother may do something close to us. We may not know what to do, and we will not understand why those things are happening.

18 Although these various things can be troubling for us, we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah. What will help us? He is the one to guarantee that Jehovah is the Creator, people have been inspired by his spirit, and Jehovah’s Witnesses are the people he is using today. Then, as Peter responded to Jesus, we too can confidently say to Jehovah: “To whom shall we go away? You have eternal life."

WHAT THE FOTO publishes on page 6: A mother and her son were happy when they were on a bus and some of their brothers and sisters were seen working in the public ministry.

17-18. What are the difficulties that can befall us, but of what can we be certain?

How do these three facts help us to remember when we get bigger tests of faith?

Jehovah is the Creator

The Bible was written by God's holy spirit

Jehovah exists with his people today

ADZIDZI 123

Theocracy is Underlying with Loyal Submissions

AUGUST 17-23, 2026

Article 90 encourages one another

Some situations during the lockdown can make it difficult for us to befriend a certain family member. This article will help us to see what we can do to become friends.

How to Be Friends With Your Christian Brothers

“Show kindness, philanthropy, humour, quiet and patience.”—KOL. 3:12.

“Staying in these last days hard, life is not easy. God knows we need friends who will encourage us.” Have you seen that there are these opening words of the poem titled “True Friend” on the cover? What a blessing it is to be able to find true friends among Jehovah’s people! (Ps. 6763) We are a large family of Jehovah's servants with deep affection for one another.

2 We not only want to know our brothers and sisters but also want to befriend them and be close to them. We Jehovah’s servants love Jehovah and Jesus and this love binds us together. (Yoh. 13:35) The friendship between us is not spontaneous, requires effort. Being imperfect, we face challenges that can make it difficult for us to remain close friends.

3 Essentially, we are closer to some people than others. The reason is that a similar thing may appeal to us with them, or their reasoning and action may be increased for us. However, it can be a challenge for us to be friends with our other brothers and sisters. Sometimes there may also be conflicts between us and our siblings and, if we do not look well, they may destroy our friendship. Maybe because of their very different opinions and actions for ours, it is hard to cooperate with them. And sometimes, if our siblings are sick or severely critical, it can be hard to remain close friends. In this article, we will see how Jesus' example can help us to deal with

1. Where to find true friends?

2. How should we be with our Christian brotherhood?

3. What factors can make it challenging to maintain relationships with our brothers?

8

Our brotherhood should stand closely in times of trouble. First, however, let us find good Christian qualities that will help us to be friends forever.

Christian morality should guide us as we become friends with God.

4 If we focus on the positive qualities of our brothers, this will make the friendship with them increasingly strained. By cooperating with our brothers, we will keep an eye on their good qualities. The apostle Paul wants to be among his brothers. He told the people of Tesa-lonica: “We have made every effort to see your eyes again.” (1 Tess. 2:17) Several siblings note that they and their brother-in-law have a stronger bond of friendship when they see a different face-to-face. And we have a lot of opportunities to-conference when we are in the field, the meetings, the small and medium-sized meetings. However, if there is a disagreement, we will need to do something more than simply do the field and attend the meetings with them.

5 Christian virtues will help to resolve conflicts and remain friends. ( Read Colossians 3:12.) Being calm, patient, patient, compassionate, and kind will make it easier for us to deal with and become friends with our siblings. Just as machine-meming allows a car to function properly, so Christian virtues help us to continue to be good friends. Let us now consider three things that can make it harder for us to stay close to our brothers and sisters. In each of them-we will see how Jesus's humility, patience, kindness and kindness can help us to remain truly friends with one another.

IF A child has a different idea about something

6 Why can this be a problem? When two people have a different mind on something, each one of them suggests that his or her mind is positive. Suppose two brothers are working on how their field team will work in the sub-section, but have a different focus on the right direction. Each convinced her that her mind was right. Have you not seen that little issue can become a big issue that will destroy their friendship? If they-negative, mother-in-law can make the attention of any one of them become more important to her than the positive communication between them. If they do not answer and resolve the issue, they will be angry at each other. Gradually, they were not going to get along with each other, and eventually their friendship could become very bad because of that little issue.

7 Learn the Submission of Jesus. Jesus taught his followers an important lesson in avoiding conflicts. He is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one he is. For a while, his disciples were arguing among themselves about who was the greatest. They were so preoccupied with this issue, so that to help them change their minds, Jesus told them that others should be considered greater than they were. (Mat. 20:25-28) Jesus thereby taught them what would make them subservient. Even on the night before Jesus' death, he left a “model”

4. What factors will contribute to the stability of our relationships with our brotherhood?

5. What will help us to remain friends even with conflicts? (Coloss 3:12)

6. What can happen if two people have a different mind on a certain issue?

7. What did Jesus do to show his followers that they needed to be humble in order to solve conflicts?

JUNE 2026

9

Being humble can help you to laugh at minor matters and freely forgive others

(See paragraph 8)

for them. She humbly washed their feet, a service performed by servants. (Yoh. 13:3-5, 12-16) This example gives them a glimpse how to remain close friends. If learners consider others to be larger than themselves, it will be easier for them to get each other's attention even if it is different. And this will make them continue to be good friends.

8 What Can You Do to Make friends? Being humble can help you to overlook minor matters and freely forgive them. ( Read Colossians 3:13.) Be modest, you will not be offended if you disagree with others' opinions, and you will continue to be good friends. (Ps. 4:4) Even if the other person did say something that hurt you, remember that we all say things that came to our attention later. (Title. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself: 'Is stressing what I think is more important than our friendship?' You can choose to accept the other person's reasoning. If you do that and don't talk about it later, you will have peace of mind.

9 If you have a disagreement with a brother, you will be helped to resolve. Don't insist that it's not the right thing to do. ( Read Exodus 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Make the friendship with you more important to you. Several brothers have done this which made them still friends; they approached the person about the matter calmly. (Ps. 34:14) You too are close to your sibling you will communicate. You can say: 'We didn't know each other today. I'm sorry we didn't want to talk about what happened.' Accept the wrong role you have played and apologize for how close the whole thing is to your sibling. And even if your brother is sorry, you love to forgive him. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember that the most important thing is to continue to be friends, rather than a person who has not happened or has not.—Lold. 18:24.

8. How will being modest help keep you and your siblings close even if your mind is different? (Colos 3:13) (See also photos.)

9. How can being modest help you if you experience a conflict with a sibling? (Room 17:9)

10 GББЕТАРА

IF AND THE BEARER IS IN CONNECTION

10 Why can this be a problem? It may be hard for us to befriend and be close to brothers whose personalities differ from ours. You may have a crush on your relationship but the other person is alone because of the pain. Some people have backgrounds that are not appealing to us. Some people do not know how to behave in person, possibly because they have been treated rudely in the past. Where some people also grow old in print, they just keep themselves. Still others, due to the condition of old age, are more likely to recover from a person. These differences can make it harder to get along with each other.

11 Learn the patience of Jesus. Jesus befriended people whose backgrounds were different from his own and continued to be their friend. For example, the apostles James and John asked Jesus to give them special positions in the Kingdom; that was the form of self-determination. (Marko 10:35-37) However, Jesus is hardly the same. Although he held a high rank in the heart, he humbly and abandoned it to the ground. (Flp. 2:5-8) Consider. The situation that Jesus expressed was very different from that of James and John! However, Jesus entreated them as well as the other disciples.

12 Jesus did not always expect his friends to do what was right. Jesus knew that James and John were not only seeking higher office status, but that was also the case in the other disciples. (Marko 9:34) Because Jesus and his disciples were stranded in the same area

10. Why might it be challenging to befriend some of our brothers?

11. What helped Jesus to remain friends with people whose circumstances were different from his?

12. What helped Jesus to be kind to his friends?

he knew how the religious leaders of the day encouraged high office. This gave Jesus insight into the nature of his disciples. He entreated them and gave them the chance to invent, they would make changes, remove the high demand condition in them from childhood.—Marko 10:42-45.

13 What Can You Do to Make friends? If a sibling's actions are troubling you, keep your eyes on him. (Lod. 14:29) The point is that, our personality is different and we all have some situations that will not be satisfactory to some, but not to the detriment. Therefore, we are happy when people are with us. ( Read Ephesians 4:2) It is important for us to also love people whose personalities differ from ours. For example, it may involve a number of attempts at communicating with people, so we should be patient with him. Similarly, we should be patient with a person who loves speech and wants to stay with people. While friendships with some of us can be closer than others, we need to remember that even people with different personalities can be close friends.

14 If we are patient, we will recognize the good qualities of our brothers. If we focus on the good qualities, our different personalities will not be a problem for us, but we will become friends with one another freely. For example, although James and John were looking for themselves to be in high office, it is clear that the Kingdom of God was a reality to them. Jesus recognized and appreciated their faith.

13. How can being patient help us become more friends? (Effects 4:2)

14. What will open the way for us to identify our brothers?

JUNE 2026 11

True friends are free to vote for each other, they change their mind, and they are good at work

(See paragraph 19)

If we similarly strive to recognize the good qualities of our friends, we are learning Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 Another important thing we can also do is pray to Jehovah to help us remain friendly with people whose personalities are different from ours. Think ahead about the possible causes of conflicts and pray to Jehovah for help to cope with those issues. Remember, our Creator, Jehovah, knows what challenges we may face due to our different personalities, so be assured that he will hear your prayers and give you what you need to be able to endure. And when it is hard for you to worry, ask the Lord for his holy spirit to help you control yourself.—Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.

IF WE PASS YOUR BEARER IN EngageEOUS

16 Why can this be a problem? When our siblings are suffering or become critically attached to them

15. Who will help us to maintain good relations with people of all backgrounds?

16. What can happen when a sibling is in critical conditions?

their statements and actions can be of great value to us. For example, it is possible to isolate ourselves, stop talking to us, be quick to rage or even act on what would make us laugh. It is possible to say something or do something close to us. (Hiob 6:2, 3) Perhaps a difficult circumstance in which a sibling is facing a problem, which you do not know about, has prevented you from acting as expected. So do not blame him.

17 Learn Jesus's Philanthropy and Compassion. Jesus' work has turned to the people who are deeply dependent and who are fond of them, though screen is common that I have never met some of them. For example, consider how he dealt with some of the blind. One of them is Bartimeo. Upon learning that Jesus had come back, he was shouting insinuations so that Jesus could see him. Some people have been bloated to silence him. However, he was desperate to be humiliated by Jesus, so he screamed still more loudly. It is clear that Bartimeo's contribution has been a source of concern for some. However, Jesus did not have pity on him, but Bartimeo's “knocking" on him. This means that Jesus's sleep is turned over and

17. What have you learned from Jesus' treatment of the Bartimeo?

12 GETEP

eager to help. (Mat. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus calmly addressed and praised Bartimeo for his faith and wonderfully opened his eyes.

18 How Can You Make Friends? Don't turn your stomach around and be careful. These good qualities will help you to calm down and 'vote' to brothers in critical situations or hold back. ( Read 1 Thessalonica 5:14.) Remember that true friends are always helpful, especially in the “bad day.” (Lod. 17:17) Not only does such friends feel sympathy for the people suffering, but he does his own thing to comfort, encourage and help them in various ways.

19 What are the realities we can do to improve people’s lives and our work towards them? The truth is, you cannot completely remove the pain of your friend. But you can feel and understand. (Mat. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) When talking to you, listen attentively.

In the same way that the situation is the case, share a positive statement to comfort her. (Lod. 12:25) Be careful that your words do not appear to know anything about the situation. (Lod. 18:13) Be patient with him and do not wait for him to act so accurately.—Ef. 4:32.

20 We all deeply appreciate the friendship between ourselves and our Christian brotherhood. But because we are imperfect and have experienced various hardships in life, we sometimes say or do things that hurt our brothers. Therefore, we are very happy when our brothers are united, we are humiliated, they are kind to us and their work turns their backs on us with the intention of remaining friends. Don't hesitate to continue displaying these virtues, so that we too will be good friends for them.

20. What kind of friend do you want?

18. How should you respond to your friends who are undergoing critical situations? (1 Thessalonica 5:14)

19. How can we show kindness and compassion? (See also the photos.)

WHAT IS IN CONSTITUTION IN THE FOTO Page 10: The idea of an elderly brother and a young brother is different about how to send to their congregation-side. They then understand each other and they both enjoy hugging one another.

HOW TO COPE YOUR BEARER WITH YOUR BEARER Christians . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

if you have a different opinion on a certain issue?

if your personalities are different?

when experiencing critical conditions?

Article 124 We Must Be Loyal

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

65 HADZIDZI Going Back!

This article of the Year will give us a glimpse into how we benefit from the fieldwork process.

Make the Grammar Program Useful to You

“I will give full credit to Jehovah among the righteous class..."—PS. 111:1.

Remember the language that you were permitted to become an ordained speaker who would be preaching the good news first time? That language is very pleasing to you, as you became a member of the great crowd who proclaimed and praised the name of Jehovah. (Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) You are probably also a member of a small group called a field gang, which includes some brothers. The fieldwork process helps us to fulfill the task Jesus gave followers to effectively preach the good news of the Kingdom “over all the earth.”—Mat. 24:14.

2 How are you benefiting from this grassroots program? A sister named Wendy* said: “The dating process has benefited me in many ways. He gave me new ways of speaking and teaching from other brothers. The brothers have helped me reach and reach spiritual goals and have made many good friends." Brother Rich also said: “A basic responsibility is to be the field operator. The team manager is responsible for helping field workers in his team move forward in serving Jehovah and continue to grow in faith even after their baptism.” A sister named Dinah said: “The dating process is a very good thing! Members of my group have become my family members."

* Some names have been changed.

1-2. How do many brothers and sisters feel about the fieldwork process?

14

3 In this article, we will find the role of the voice-over and his assistant, as well as how they help their fellows. Then we will see what each of us can do to help the field leader. Finally, we will see what we can do to benefit from this good program.

PUBLIC PUBLICATION AND CONSTITUTION

4 The fieldworker is a member of the board of Elders who is charged with helping a group of publishers progress spiritually. How does he do this? First, he is interested in every member of the family. (Lod. 27:23) He is well known to his teammates, and communicates regularly with them to find out what they are going through. This allows him to use the Scriptures to encourage and build on them when approached by mouth, as well as to help them in other ways. (Lod. 12:25; Yes. 322; Yak. 2:15-17) Second, it helps all publishers in its team to do more in the service. It takes the lead in the field of publicity regularly, especially on weekends. It encourages each speaker and publisher so that he can encourage and train them. When it happen-sometimes that I can't go to the field, he arranges for his assistant or other sibling

* When necessary, a qualified minister can lead the team until he is replaced by an elder. A minister depending on the group is referred to as a minister. She is working under the direction of the elders helping her to care for the group.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. (a) What key functions does the field operator perform? (b) What recommendations will help the field-father-in-law to effectively carry out his role? (See box "Advices to Be of interest to Crowdkeepers.")

Advantages for Team Managers

• Keep meeting for field development short, no more than seven minutes, so that publishers can start the project quickly.

• Try working with many of the publishers in your team as possible. It also includes people whose backgrounds do not allow them to come to regular meetings for field service. You can arrange with them to work with them on other days or evenings.

• Visit all members of the team regularly. These visits can be held in the homes of publishers, in the Kingdom Hall or elsewhere appropriate. This can also be done by phone or correspondence.

• Train brothers to strive for responsibility in the congregation.

• Even if the whole congregation is deeply involved in the field development, keep your eye on the members of your team.

lead the conversation. Third, it helps adopt a brother-in-law to qualify for responsibilities. (1 Tim. 3:1) Recommends them from the heart, utilizing the Scriptures to advise them and give them training so that they may become

JUNE 2026 15

servants and elders. Because the board of directors has an important role, the board of directors should designate the best qualified elders for this role.

5 Several factors can make it harder for a caregiver to care for its members. Consider Brothers Jörg who serves as a team manager in Germany. There are various functions in the congregation, as with many elders. She said: “It’s not easy to balance when there’s so much work in the congregation. So it’s hard for me to connect with all my team members as I meant it.” A 70-year-old elder and living in Uganda, said: “The elders and ministerial staff are not involved in our congregation, whereas there are enough publishers. Because of this, our grassroots communities are very large. This makes it harder for me to work with any publisher and encourage them as much as I would." And Obed, an elder in Suriname, said: “I am happy to train my siblings. However, training requires a lot of time and effort, without the benefits appearing immediately. I also have many other skills that keep me busy training the brothers.” What will help the elders in such situations?

6 If possible, it is good for only a small number of people to be present in any field so that the minister of the ministry can know each one well and help them to remain closely with the Lord. What if there are only a few elders in the congregation? If there are enough people in the group, the superintendent cannot do his job

A team manager may require a minister in his team to oversee the field development meeting to train

(See paragraph 7)

not well. Therefore, the elder body may delegate to a minister to be in charge of one of the groups. In bringing together members of the group, it allows the responsible leader of the group to take good care of them and help them to continue to be loyal to and endure difficult times.

7 If you are the elder elder in a congregation, aim to train your assistant to help you take care of the flock of God. ( Read 1 Peter 5:2) Assign tasks to help you. For example, at times you may be in a position to give it leadership when you come together for field development. Meet down with you and discuss how the team members are doing the service and what you will do to help them progress. Take frequent visits from members of the team. Prior to the visit to

5. What challenges do some caregivers face?

6. When people in grassroots communities come forward, how does it benefit the leader of the group?

7. In congregations where the elders do not belong, what can a responsible leader do to take care of all his or her members? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also photo.)

16 GATECTYPE

Both this and then, give him suggestions and recommend him. Over time, he will also qualify as a general manager. (2 Tim. 2:2) You can also give other members of the group who are also spiritually mature to help with the training process. For example, the faithful pioneers and publishers can work with new publishers. And experienced publishers can help brothers in need of assistance to start conversations with home-based communities, as well as make changes with Bi-blia lessons. Let us now consider three areas in which each of us can contribute to the growth of the field.

WHAT GOVERNERS CAN DO TO THE CONSTITUTIONALLY

8 Meet in the field. 'We encourage one another' when we greet our brothers. ( Read Romans 1:12.) Singing with our brothers in the preaching work will make them feel safe and happy. If your employment prevents you from going to the field with family members, why not ask your employer if he or she will edit your terms for you? You may even be surprised how much it will cost you. (Neh. 2:4-6) If it is difficult for you to attend to the stomach because of poor health or developmental problems, report to your caregiver. It can arrange to contact the team to give evidence by letter or phone. Are you a healthy youthful person but is it hard for you to stay in the field regularly? If so, it is good to arrange every weekly session with your siblings in your group. You may need to reevaluate your goals

8. How can you help your sibling? (Romans 1:12)

priority and how you spend your time. (Rom. 12:11; Kol. 4:5) Your efforts will be of benefit to the general public. Hello to Jehovah about it. It can 'give you both the desire and the power' to do what is pleasing.—Flp. 2:13.

9 Be nice to your teammates. Being positive and being hospitable brings you peace of mind and happiness in the field ministry. ( Read Romans 12:13.) Could you allow a linguist to stay in your house? In some communities, field gangs are able to organize guests for a invited speaker to share a meal with them. Even if he sends a group to receive a invited speaker, even when the speaker cannot come and share a meal with them, the group members gather together to share a meal and encourage one another. A key pioneer, Sarah, said: “I am passionate when I want to be a guest, so I just keep things in check. I focus on the way I know the brothers better, rather than worrying about setting up a table of drums or the taste of the food." Being hospitable and cooperating with one another in the group as a family puts us more strain on Jehovah and our siblings.—Neh. 8:10; Work. 20:35.

10 Do things that will further deepen your confidence in the ministry. The more your evangelical and teaching skills are improving, the more you will enjoy the service with your team. You would like to have further employment in the ministry

9. What can we do to help ensure that our communities are united by love and unity? (Ro-major 12:13)

10. What can we do if we want to improve in some aspect of the ministry? (Form 1:5; 27:17) (See also photo.)

JUNE 2026 17

When people in grassroots groups are less likely to know each other well and work together in grassroots (See paragraph 10)

part of the debt? Instead, ask a pioneer or a cured teacher in your group for help. ( Read Exodus 1:5; 27:17.) You can share it with your teammate, and it will help you. Help-on-demand can also be requested from others. That is what Sister Heather did. Despite his help, he said: “I told a pioneer to help me make changes. He treated me with love and respect, and he arranged for us to communicate regularly. It helped me to start studying the Bible with someone even. I am genuinely happy to ask for help, as I've become very happy with being field-based." It is clear that we can play a role in improving things in our communities.

FOR BEARER FACE FOR YOUR BEARER

11 You Can Be Close to Jehovah. The Grammar system is useful for every one of us. For example, Jehovah through the wilderness brings back and cares for his loved ones, including widows, orphans and elderly ones. (1 Tess. 2:8; Yak. 1:27) This process also ensures that we receive beneficial training in various areas of the field of communication and teaching. Also, male baptism candidates receive training that assists them with other responsibilities.—1 Tim. 3:10.

12 Consider how the fieldwork program has benefited the aforementioned sister Wendy. She said: “Because Dad opposes the fact, Mom is unable to go to field at weekends to work with his teammates. But Dad allows me, and I also goes. An elderly sister-in-law fell in love with me and often walked with me in the field. He trained me and this is benefiting me both in the field and in the congregation. I remember that our grammatical officer used the Scriptures to advise me several times and this is benefiting me to the present day."

13 Make good friends that will help you. When we work “cooperation” with the members of the group in the field, we become closer together. (Flp. 1:27) Because only a few people live in grassroots communities, it is easy for people who meet or are passionate about people in the crowd to make fun of good friends. (2 Cor. 6:13) These friends help us

11-12. How can the field ministry system be deeply relied on by you? Share her example.

13. How will working alongside our brother in the field ministry make it possible for us to befriend good friends? (See also photo on the cover.)

18 BETWEEN

when we are troubled, when we are sick, when we are discouraged, or when our loved ones die. (1 Tess. 5:14) There is no doubt that as the great tribulation is closing down, we will need more genuine friends. (Mat. 24:21) Our problems will not be completely permanent now, but we can cope with them because we know that our loved ones will be there for us.—Lold. 17:17.

14 You will be helped quickly in the event of disaster. The grassroots system enables us to be helped quickly when a pandemic occurs, when there is a natural disaster, when we are sick, or when we are being persecuted. In each congregation, for example, the Service Committee of the Congregation and the moderators organize how to assist those with special needs. For example, when a disaster occurs, the team management leads or seeks out all members of their team to find out how things are for them so they can help them. Some of the things a sibling needs can include medications, food, water, sleep and clothing. It is a joy to have a field of arms to help us quickly in times of disaster!

15 We Are Well Known for the Great Organization of Jehovah! The upper part of the organization is composed of thousands of loyal angels. And its surface on the ground is now over eight million people and the number is growing every day. (Zak. 8:23; Revelation. 5:11) The desire of all members of the Jehovah's organization is to reach out to many people the good news of God's Kingdom. (Audience. 14:6, 7) It is necessary for us to benefit fully from the fieldwork system, as it helps us with projects that bring praise to the Lord.—Ps. 111:1.

14. How does the dating process benefit us when there is a disaster?

15. What is the desire of all members of the Jehovah's organization?

WHAT THE FOTO removes: The two sisters in a field blood are working together in the field.

WHAT CAN YOU DO?

How does a teammate and his assistant care for the siblings in their field team?

What can you do to help keep things going well in your field?

How will the dating process benefit you?

ADJUST 61 Move Forward, You Witnesses!

AugUST 31-SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

HADZIDZI 89

By God, You Can Be Blessed

TERRITORY

In this article, we will find the reason why we should listen attentively to the meetings and other theocratic activities, recognizing how-to.

Listening attentively to the Meetings

“Pay attention to how well you listen. ”—LUKA 8:18.

Yeshowa teaches us a lot today through his Word, the Bible. So our minds are united with David's when he sang: “You-howae is my Leader. Nothing. ”— Reads Ps 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One of the ways in which Jehovah educates us today is through the meetings. The things that are taught us at the meetings are often the things that we have learned. Even if we have been in the truth for many years and we know the Bible well, we need memories on a number of occasions. (2 Pet. 1:12) But if the things we are going to discuss at the meetings are often those we have learned, is it hard for you to listen? This article will give us a glimpse into why it is important to listen attentively to the sessions. It will also help the leaders in the congregation find out what to do to make it easier for the brothers to listen attentively. Finally, we will consider what actions we can take to listen attentively to the meetings. First, however, we will answer this question: Who is primarily teaching us at the meetings?

Remember, Jehovah is teaching us what he wants for us.

3 Jehovah speaks to us through his Word, the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this well. That is why he skillfully used the Word of God to teach so that the people who heard him asked: “How did this man create the Scriptures, without studying at any school?” (Yoh. 7:15) How Jesus explained the Word of God applied to people with good hearts. The Christians in the apostolic era including Paul and Apollo also followed Jesus's example. Frequent quotes are quoted from

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah educate his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) Of what will we consider in this article?

3. In what way does Jehovah communicate with us, and how do his ministers use his Word when teaching?

20

The scriptures educate people on what Jehovah wants them to learn. (Work. 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) We Jehovah's Witnesses know that the Jehovah's organization is based on the Bible for articles, news outlet programs, books and videos. The way we use the Bible to educate at our meetings has a profound impact on the people who visited us for the first time. The teachers at the meetings are primarily responsible for the Word of God. They not only read the Bible but also help attendees to understand and follow the Word of God.—Luke 8:32.

4 The Bible often uses the terms “audience” or “listening” to indicate how to act on a person’s wishes. Therefore, when reading the Bible at our meetings, it is only as though Jehovah is talking and we are listening to his words. This allows us to understand what he wants us to learn and it is easy to do what he likes. We are certain that if we listen to and follow the words of Jehovah, it is very pleasing to him.—Lold. 27:11.

Why should we communicate with our neighbor?

5 We listen to the meetings because we love Jehovah. (Mat. 22:37) As we learn more about the Lord, we come to love him. This love allows us to listen to, obey, and serve his will.— Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 We listen to the meetings because we love people. (Mat. 22:39) Jehovah instructs us so

4. What does the words “listen” or “listen” indicate?

5. Because we love Jehovah, what do we do? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What does Jehovah teach us at our meetings?

Tips to Help You listen to Me

When the brothers who have been serving Jehovah for years have been asked to share what helps them to listen attentively at the meetings, the comment made by some is as follows:

• Sister Suefawn who was baptized in 1986 said: “Stay ahead so as to focus on the speaker and the videos.”

• The brother David who was baptized in 1983 said: “I repeatedly pray to Jehovah to help me with my mind about what is happening in the meeting. I also remember that attending the meetings, listening attentively at the meetings, and commenting are part of our service.”

• The brother Nicolas who was baptized in 1982 said: “In order that at this meeting you will recommend all the people who have done the task, and specify a precedent or key statement that you have been impressed with.”

• The brother Augustin who got baptized in 1988 said: “I always tell myself that if the faithful slave planned to learn about a certain subject again, it means that’s exactly what we need.”

which we will help our fellow believers and people who are not yet serving us at our meetings. For example, the brochure Loves People—Helping them to become Learners has provided a number of practical advice on the virtues that will benefit us in the preaching work. And we learn how to follow those advices on a weekly basis.

JUNE 2026 21

intermediate sessions. Are you having difficulty initiating conversations with people? Listen attentively when brothers are in conversation about how to communicate with people's orders.

7 We listen to the meetings because we love life. Jehovah told his people in the past that if they listened to him, they would live. It would be the same for us if we did his will. (5 Moses:44-47) If we listen to the meetings, we will hear the encouraging words that will strengthen us in times of trouble and rest in waiting for the new world. (Rom. 8:25) It is important for us to listen to the Lord now and actively serve him in these last days.—Mat. 14:42-44; Revelation. 1:3.

HOW WE CAN RELEASE IN THE CONVERSATION IN THE CONVERSATION

8 It is important for the teaching brothers at the meetings, especially the leaders of the public to improve their teaching skills. If they make time to prepare their lips carefully and apply it to the Bible, new ones are sure that this is the truth, and it will also help the brothers to be stable in the truth. In view of this, if you have an opportunity to work at the meetings, do not underestimate it at all. Try to apply the following advice. Despite these recommendations for people who meet specific public domains, other people who work at the meetings can also benefit from them.—2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

9 List the key points. There is no doubt that you want your comments to be simplified so that the audience can follow suit. If the substance is too much in the oral cavity or is too difficult to understand, people will not be interested in your organ. What will you do to make it clear and orderly in your oral cavity? The following suggestions will help you: (1) Make the key points of discussion appear at the beginning of the term. (2) Analyze the main issues individually. After discussing a key issue, the owner heard if your auditors would find out that the issue was over, before proceeding with another important issue. (3) Summarizing the key points in your report.

10 Make the article appealing to you. When it comes to what we are fond of, we usually say it with enthusiasm. (Lod. 2:4, 5; Work. 4:20) To enjoy the subject, you need to give careful consideration to the subject of the lecture and the scriptures in it. A brother in America, now in his 70s, said of a speech he had heard in his youthful age: “I no longer remember how the speaker encouraged us to think carefully as we read God’s Word. The speaker spoke confidently and clearly explained the best way we can do this. That talk has made things change in my life, has made me take the Bible seriously and this has made me better with Jehovah."

11 Consider how the article will benefit your audience, and clarify the exact way in which to apply it. Do not only make general statements, but use the Scriptures to encourage your audience to follow the precepts. The apostle Paul set an example of this by writing to Timothy. When Timothy

7. Why is it important for us to obey Jehovah?

8. Why should the brothers who teach at the meetings train themselves to improve their teaching skills?

9. What can you do to make it clear to the public?

10. Why should the topic of discussion interest you?

11. What are the most important things you need to do to benefit the audience? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 BETWEEN

serving the brothers in Ephesians, Paul tells him various things that are important to keep his relationship with Jehovah strong. ( Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) Therefore, it is good to reflect on how an article will benefit your audience and help them to identify exactly what they need to do.

12 To keep your conversation on the lines of communication, keep your mouth open regularly. Instead of documenting all the contents of your speech to read, simply try to identify the main words. This will make it natural and easier for your listeners to listen attentively to the discourse. The brochure Matter Reading and Teaching advises: “Speak normally frankly to express how you feel about the subject as well as your audience.” If you speak from the heart, your neighbor knows, words will work on them and will use them to do the right thing.

13 Ask for advice from a professional lecturer. What can you do? You can present key points that you want to discuss and follow the advice you give. Also, speak to him so that he can give you advice that will improve your teaching skills. (Lod. 1:5) Essentially, we all have bugs and it is not easy to know whether our lesson is clear or necessary to make some changes to improve. We want our teaching to improve so that the truth of God's Word is fully beneficial to our audience. *

HOW TO COPE IN CONSTITUTE IN CONSTITUTIONS

14 appreciate the memory of the Lord. We need God's reminders so that we can cope with 'burdensome conditions' 'in these last days'. (2 Tim. 3:1) Even if it were for us to hear what they were teaching us many times in the past, it would be good to have the virtue of the dead writer of the 119th PS.

* For more advice that will help you to be an expert lecturer and a good teacher, read the brochure Essential Reading and Teaching as well as the book Benefiting You From Theocracy Service School Education.

12. What is the best reason to communicate normally when teaching on a desk?

13. Why should we ask for advice from brothers who have special skills in teaching? (See also photo.)

14. How can we imitate the good character of the writer of the 119th Psalm 119? (Psalmos 07/24, 111, 167)

Ask a qualified lecturer to help you improve your teaching skills (See paragraph 13)

23

Listen attentively to the meetings, do not allow your phone or electronics to distract you (See paragraph 17)

for us to have God's reminders as well.— Read Ps. 07:24, 111, 167.

15 It is important to value spiritual food, the teachings we receive from Jehovah. We can learn from what happened to the people of Israel when they were offered gifts by Jehovah during the wilderness. (2 Exodus 16:15, 31) There is no doubt that the people of Israel at first appreciated the gift so much. It is from Jehovah, it is very pleasing and contains the nutrients needed to sustain their lives. However, he arrived somewhere to get some of them to celebrate every day. (4 Deuteronomy 21:5) What instruction do we have? We should be careful not to take the spiritual food we receive for granted. Instead, we should remember that the instructions are from Jehovah. We also need to remember that the organization of Jehovah has given careful thought to things before amending the teachings. Also following what we learn will help us to make good choices and to enjoy life forever.—Lold. 3:13, 16-18; Yoyo. 17:3.

15. What are some things we can do to be grateful for the instruction we receive at our meetings?

16 Learn from other good listeners. Many of our brothers have been serving Jehovah for a long time, but they are able to listen attentively to the meetings. What has helped some? Sister Ashley, serving Jehovah for over 30 years, said: “When I prepare for the meetings, I am able to listen attentively. But if I don’t, I can’t answer and I’m busy.” The brother József, who has been serving Jehovah for 52 years, said: “I am happy when we are still learning about an article again because it keeps me learning new things and I still understand things better.” He went on to say: “Even if a brother does not belong to a speech, he does not try to keep my mind on the things that he teaches about the Word of God, not his ability to speak.”

Following the following 17 recommendations will help to ensure proper listening at the meetings. (1) If you eat before going to the meeting, but

16. What has helped some of the brothers serving Jehovah for years been able to listen attentively at the meetings? (See also the box “Advices to Help You listen Better.”)

17. What are some things you can do to improve your communication skills at the meetings? (See also photo.)

24 BETWEEN

Don't eat too much, so don't sleep. (2) Take the meeting early to get it started so as to find out where you will be. (3) Edit your phone or electronics to avoid noise or distracting you when the session is ongoing. (4) Before any speech, he was considering what things the speaker could talk about. (5) Keep your mind and eye on the speaker strictly. (6) Create short notes or publish materials that will allow you to remember the key points. (7) Try to reflect on the main passages and note how the substance is verified. (8) Ask yourself, 'How can I use this term to help someone in the congregation or in the field?' (9) In small and medium conventions, consider in advance the theme of the day, the closed text, the various presentations on the agenda and the Texts on which the presentations are based. (10) Stay quiet by setting up music or music videos at the start of conferences to prepare for you.

WALKING IN AND BY THE WISE

18 It is important for us to pay attention to the meetings because if we do so, we are letting Jehovah educate us so that we can act fairly. (Ps. 23:3; 30:3) We need the exhortations of the Lord not to deviate from the way of justice. Therefore, it is up to you to make a determination 'to listen attentively' at the meetings, and to observe the things you have learned. (Luke 8:18) If you do so, you will now be happy and you will live forever, because this is the heritage of those who listen to the voice of the Lord.—Ps. <2, 14.

18. Why should we continue to listen attentively to the meetings?

WHAT CAN YOU DO?

₹ Why should we listen attentively to the sessions?

What will responsible brothers in the congregation do to help people listen well to the meetings?

₹ What steps can you take to ensure your listening at the meetings?

HADZIDZI 87 Miva, If You Make Me Happy

LIFELIST

I am serving Jehovah in Cuba for 70 years. This is

AS TOLD BY GUSTAVO JOSEPH

WODZIM was born in 1947 on the beautiful Caribbean island of Cuba. This ordeal is where the rich waters of the Caribbean and the Atlantic Ocean became intertwined. My parents have two daughters in my aunt. The five of us lived in the village of Esmeralda.

I remember being quiet in that small village. We are soon separated from my friends, cousins, my grandfather and my grandmother, as well as some other family members. We have access to food it makes us feel better, and we are happy.

When I was about five years old, Brothers Walton Jones began studying the Bible with my parents. She is an active publisher, walking about ten hours to reach our village. Once he arrived, several members of our family flocked together in my grandfather's year, discussing the Bible with them for hours. My parents and cousin Pedro and my brother Ela were very happy with the lesson, and soon they got baptized as Jehovah’s Witnesses. Tassin Yela is now almost 100 years old, but remains a pioneer in Cuba.

At that time, Jehovah’s Witnesses began to go to the meetings with the bush in Cuba. We are well known for going from house to house preaching and capturing bags with important Bibles. We are also known for our high-traffic behavior! I no longer remember how we happily served Jehovah in those 'disappointments'. However, there were also the following “disadvantages”.—2 Tim. 4:2.

THE PROPERTY IS PROTECTED

My mother and uncle travelled to another side of the ordeal to attend a circuit convention when I was about five years old. Tragically, infected water was used which led to the arrest of a serious malaria parasite (typhoid). I remember that on my return, I was taken away from my mother's head, but she survived. But my owner died. She was 32 years old.

After my own death, I decided to tear down my cousin in the village of Lombillo. This means that we will keep away from my grandmother and my grandmother as well as other family members we have loved dearly. But we continue to serve Jehovah.

I got baptized on August 26, 1957 in a chapter near Lombillo. At the time, I was ten years old. I hardly knew that just two years later, things would completely change for Jehovah's Witnesses in Cuba. In 1959, the government was overthrown and Communists became compulsory.

26 BETWEEN

The new government wanted more power for him, so he decided to expand his army. This made things seem difficult for us people of Jehovah, because wherever we are, we do not get involved in politics or conscription. Gradually, we lost our freedom which we had together and cultivated the field. The government of Mloeba has come to ban our activities. Hundreds of our loyal brothers have been imprisoned; some are beaten and interrogated frequently. Sometimes, blood or lungs are used to cook for the prisoners, while the Bible tells us not to eat blood.

Despite these challenges, we continue to worship Jehovah together. (Heb. 10:25) We even hold conventions in farms and other places in the country. I remember that one day, a brother gave us a convention in his large latrine. We were not able to prepare for or even meet the sheep. However, the convention proved to be successful: the actual sheep and the symbolic goats together held a convention!—Mika 2:12.

We loved the caring brothers who helped us to continue accepting Bible teachings at the time. For example, conference talks are recorded on tapes sent to brothers in the various parts of the country. Sometimes only two brothers are assigned

commissions the preparation, presentation and maintenance of all conference presentations. Because the brothers do this work clandestinely, sometimes we hear the smell of chicken and other sounds. If there is no electricity at the convention location then a device is decorated with a similar metal frame. A brother is on his way so that he can take the rest of his feet and give us the power necessary. This allows us to listen to the tapes. We are not satisfied with the conditions and also with the Bible textbooks, we are not as comfortable with them as with the brothers in other countries, but we have always had Bible instruction. And we are very happy to serve Jehovah together.—Neh. 8:10.

MEVA become a teacher, husband and children

At the age of 18, I began the day-to-day pioneering project in Florida. About a year later, important pioneerings were established in the capital of Camagüy. There, I met Emilia; she is a beautiful sister from Santiago de Cuba. We started walking, and by the time a year passed, we got married.

I became involved in full-time operations at a government sugar company. Emilia and I are no longer able to continue the pioneering work; but we want to

A. Royal Service School for Elders in Camagüy, Cuba, 1966

B. Our archipelago, 1967

A

B

D

D. We are in charge of the district manager's work, in the 1990s

. The first public meeting after the ban was lifted, in 1994

Asmblea de Distrito TEMOR PIADOSO 1994



we will spend as much time as possible on worshipping the God-wa. So I work in the sugar industry from 3pm to 11am. Such a quick recovery has never been fun for me, but that arrangement helped me to remain active in service-service, and together with Emilia we are able to attend all the meetings.

In 1969, we had our first son, Gustavo. Around that time the organization asked me to do the role of the district manager. It was common in Cuba at the time for children to have regional leaders. We were very busy, however we were very happy. Emilia and I have found that it is a great chance to serve our brothers. We were in charge before our second son Obed was born, then Abner, and years later, we also became fond of our daughter Mahely.

Looking back on how Jehovah blessed his people during the years we have served as the overseer in Cuba, it is a great joy. She also appreciates the responsibilities we have with our children to love her from the heart. Now let me tell you how life has been for me and Emilia at the moments when we created the circuit management project for you.

WHAT THE FACE IS AND WHAT THE FACE IS AND WHAT THE FACE IS

Especially in the 1960s and 1970s, we noticed the effects of neglect on our work. All Kingdom Hall of Fame were closed down. Diplomatics are known in the country. Several of our young brothers were detained. And our Havana branch was also built.

Because of the ban, we only visit the churches on Sundays. We-we visit every congregation for two weeks. We usually just relax and just contribute things so we don't have people's eyes on us. The elderly sisters don't make our visit for the congregation. We just pretend to be our family reunion. That was very easy. In fact, we feel that we are going to contact family members, and sometimes we forget that we are even doing a visit task. (Marko 10:29, 30) However, we need to be discreet. Police often follow us and ask us questions. And when they come to know the types of people we are, they will also catch the people we have come with.—Rom. 16:4.

28 BETWEEN

E

F

Yes

E. Emilia is at the Museum in the Cuban consulate, in the early 2000s

Yes. We are cleaning up a meeting room, in 2012

F. Endowment of Christian Couples' Bibles, 2013

Several brothers and sisters have made it a point for us not to go very much despite their busy schedules. Murals are very common in some regions, but the brothers give us the same mosquito nets they have, so that we can have a good sleep. Some siblings prefer to meet them even though they have only one meal. Sometimes, we take in food to eat with the people we meet.

As we visit the congregations, we are unable to take all our children with us. Only one of them we take with us, and the rest stay with my sister. You do not know, child rearing is very pleasing to us. One day, the police broke into our things, but since it was a child's godfather's uncles, we didn't arrest him, because the police don't trust those things!

If I consider the effort Emilia has made for the children and help me with the full-time ministry, his things are even more interesting. In the case of me-mean, I had been working at the sugar mill before also working as a district manager. What I sometimes do is that one or two days a week, I work at the sugar mill for more hours than I had to do so that I would not go to work on the weekend. However, I was later assigned to oversee the work of some employees. And the plan is to work all day in the week. There is nothing to do with it. But I came to realize that if I had given any employee a statement of work on weekends, I had already done my job. He made me even bosses never knew I was coming to work on weekends!

WE WILL RELEASE WITH THE CONSTITUTION IN THE CONSTITUTION

One day in 1994, the brothers taking the lead in Cuba invited all 80 of us passengers to a special meeting in Havana. We were happy to finally meet each other years later! During that meeting, the leaders first discussed some of the organizational changes with us. Then we were given a voiceover, which failed us. The brothers said they wanted to give our names to government officials! From! Why would that be done?

They explained that they have often met with government officials to improve the quality of government relations with Jehovah’s Witnesses. And

JUNE 2026 29

Members of the Cuban Branch Committee, 2013

Other Bethel family members, especially my husband Emilia, helped me with my mind patching. Over time, I became happier at Bethel, and is no longer happy until now.

Emilia and I are now elderly. However, we are more happy to share all the brothers we have gained access to which we have become aware, and which we have worked with and throughout all these years. We are especially happy that our children, grandchildren and grandmothers are serving Jehovah. We feel as an aged apostle yeona-nes, when he said: "I have no greater joy than this: that I may hear that my children continue to walk in the truth. ”—3 Yoyo. 4.

For almost 30 years, this has been the case with Emilia and I serving at Bethel, and we have tried to care for our responsibilities despite the health and development challenges. We have faced challenges in the years we have served Jehovah, but happy to be serving “the happy God" for some 70 years is this on this island of Cuba!—1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1.

With our daughter and her husband at a district convention

authorities require the names of all supervisors-director. Therefore, we all agree to send our names. This has led to positive communication between the Witnesses and the government officials.

Upon that, we invite and publicly preach, although the government has registered our organization as a cult. We became aware-we were already aware of the names of some of the controllers' passengers, but they only wanted to verify the information they were with them.

In September 1994, we were allowed back to the consulate in the country. And it turned out that the building we had spent 20 years, which we had acquired, was the same one that we came back to use.

Later in 1996, the branch called on me and Emilia on phone to come and serve at Bethel. This shocked us. Let the children know that our two young children are with us at home, which we need to take care of. The youths underestimated my situation graciously, and it was later made known that they still wanted to come and serve at Bethel. So we fell in love, and we started to prepare for the children and me to move to Havana.

Without passing through the truth, Bethel service was never a child at all at first. As I had been an administrator for years, I had lost all my heart and mind in the field. Staying at one place in the office would be very uncomfortable for me. However,

30 BETWEEN

PUBLIC Q&A

Of what two agreements was the apostle Paul referring to at 4:24 Gal.?

After describing the relationship between Abraham, Sarah and Hagar, the apostle Paul said: “These things are an example of a particular thing; because these women represent two contracts.” (Gal. 4:22-24) In the past, we have said that these two treaties represent the treaty of law and the new treaty. However, as we further looked at it, we became aware that we needed to make some adjustment. Paul's words probably did not apply to the new covenant, but rather to what God had tied to Abraham. Let us consider some of the reasons why Paul made such statements. *

Paul likens the knife of Hagar to the Sinai tribe. (Gal. 4:25) Hagar stands for the Law covenant between God and the people of Israel near the Mount Sinai in 1513 Before Jesus (D.Y.) in. (2 Exodus 19:5, 6) No imperfect human could fully observe this Law, so the Law reminds Jews that they were slaves of evil. He made them realize that they need the Messiah, only the person God would give humanity salvation. When the Messiah sacrificed his perfect life, he opened the way for imperfect humans to come apart from evil and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) Since Jesus had fulfilled the purpose of the Act, the Act is no longer necessary.—Rom. 10:4.

Paul illustrates the contrast between Hagar and Sara. She said that Sara was a 'liberal woman' with a child who “was promised." (Gal. 4:23) That promise is the object of God's covenant with Abraham. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) The covenant is summarized at Leviticus 22:18: “All families of the earth shall receive blessings through your [ Abraham's] descendants, because you have listened to my voice.”

What God had Abraham's bond with Abraham let us understand more about the promise made by God in the Garden of Eden. (1 Genesis 3:15) It tells us that the predicted “seed” will come out of Abraham's family. Paul explained that Jesus Christ is the primary part of this “generation”. Nevertheless, the 144,000 “owners of Christ,” are also part of the descendant, and they will rule with Jesus in God’s Kingdom. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Revelation. 14:1-3) All those who believe in and obey Jesus will receive many blessings due to the promise made by God to Abraham.

Why did Paul use this 'model to convey a particular thing'? Paul indicated that if the Jews of his day continued to observe the Mosaic Law firmly, they would continue to be serfs like Hagar. However, if Abraham's “seed” was accepted as the primary part of the faith of Jesus Christ, they would be free men like Sarah. They will be free from evil and death. (Yoh. 8:32-34) But without faith in Jesus, the purpose of the Act treaty, which is to lead them to Christ, shall be passed.

Many of the Galatians to whom Paul wrote these words were not Jewish and were not even- subject to the Act. Unfortunately, however, some of the Jewish members of the congregation were insisting that the law be enforced by the natives who became Christians and would result in a war for them. Thus, Paul warned those who became Christians not to be "slaves" to the Law, because, believing in Christ, they became 'freedoms' through Christ.—Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

* This clarification superseded the appearance in the March 15, 2006 Language-protection room, pages 10-12.

JUNE 2026 31

GATECTYPE IN THE KINGDOM OF YEHOWA

June 2026 Vol. 147, No. 6 EWE

IN THIS TATA

Study column for August 10-16 2

How We Shall Continue to Be Loyal in Tests of Our faith

Study column for August 17-23 8

How to Be Friends With Your Christian Brothers

Study column for 24-30 August 14

Make the Grammar Program Useful to You

Study column for August 31–September 6 20

Listening attentively to the Meetings

Article 26

I am serving Jehovah in Cuba for 70 years. This is

31 Questions From Readers

WHAT THE BIG HORSE

Antiquated Drunken Machines

Many biblical readers know that some followers of Jesus are fishermen. (Marko 1:16-20) Edits are used when fishing in the Sea of Galilee.

They ask for and agree with each other to make amends. The shape of the reformatting eye size depends on the type of animal it is taken. Smallpox is usually applied to a linguist or stone so that they can get filled with water, but large quantities of clay meet and easily get water so they are placed on the mountain to pour on the water.

The cutting down on the meat is very expensive. However, these fluids are able to flow when they die in the water or when they are transferred to a large number of animals. (Luke 5:6) The Bible says of James and John that they were “sitting at their knees." He must have thought and whom they were doing this. (Mat. 4:21) It is possible for fishermen to resweet their hairs every time they cut off from the fold. Luka also said that the leaders were “robbering their hairs.” They do this for the purpose of taking out additional beds and mosquito nets. (Luke 5:2) The washing pot is then washed to prevent early recovery.—It appears. 47:10.

Jesus invited men who used netting to save animals to become 'immigrants'.

This book is not being sold. It is part of the worldwide Biblical teaching project supported by voluntary donations. In order to make a donation, we apologize, car donate.jw.org.

The scriptures mentioned in this book are inspired by the Holy Scriptures—The New World Translation of the Bible, unless we point to a different market.

The Watch Tower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and the Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Open the .org website, or take your device scan button

JW.ORG®

w26.06-EW