September 2026

JEHO VATH JEASTD

Adzesua: NOVEmb 2 "DECEmber 6, 2026

NOVEmber 2-8, 2026

NDW ranked 3 Our Energy, We Annydao and Astodo

DJIA YEBOSAA We will consider the reason why we need to trust that Jehovah will protect us now and in the future.

Be assured that Jehovah will protect You

"You said that, Jehovah is my place of livelihood.'—NDW. 91:9.

WAS the last days to the very end, and the end of this world is near. There will soon be a big issue that has completely changed the world. Jehovah will use "the theme" in the hearts of the nations to give their kingdoms to the farmers, which represents the United Nations. *(No. 1717) Also, increasing power supply for the virus can be attributed to all the different governments in the world who support it, and have voted against all the false religions in the world and destroyed them badly. (See. 1716) At that time the great calamity will start. After that, what will happen?

2 Other major issues will also be addressed. The international community in the world will unite and vote against its people J-hovah. (Ekrak. 38:14-16) Of what benefit will they do? Human beings are faithful to God—ah Ama Do again! The Bible explains that: “The devil will continue to push the people, and they will aim at rid the earth of his servants, and eradicate the true god from the earth at all. After that, the battle for Amagedon will start, and it'll bring this wicked world to an end. Jesus will lead the total number of 144,000 people who will rule with him and the hunter to destroy the wicked, and to save us into God's new world.—Ph. 1614-h 1:11-21

3 Looking at, the destruction that is meted out by the majority of Jesus to this wicked world, should we be afraid of it? She is innocent. What are the benefits? Because he has promised to protect us. In his words, the Bible says: “A bow will fall from your presence, and a stone will fall from your face; but it will not reach you. (Psym. Aidan fruit:7)

*See the “Akufo-Addo Stoola” issue in the November 2025 issue.

1-202 What big news will happen in the near future for things to change at all in the world? 3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

2

Let's take a look at the words of song 95 and consider the answer to these questions: What is the protection and guidance of this song? What is it that Jehovah is the one who protects us today? What will he do to protect us in the future? But, let's first read the words of the song written by the musician at the beginning of the song.

. . . . . . . . . . . .

4 The essence and theme of the words in the song song are: We need to trust in God's promise to protect us. If you read one and the other, you will know that all those who trust in God, he will also protect them. ( ReadPsalm 95:1, 2.) It is assumed that it is under the control of the Almighty and the Seronavirus that it is protecting you. What is the best protection for this? (Ruth 2:12; Ndw. 178) The word "rung" and "warpa" also helps us to remember how ancient walled cities were built to protect the city and its residents. Even those living in rural areas near the town, if the enemy wanted to attack them, they were able to escape to the town. The physical presence of the songwriters helps us to maintain our concern for how Jehovah can protect his servants from dangerous situations.—Psalm. 91:3-30.

5 The final words of the There, he was not the musician talking about how God would protect us, but he was also promiseing his servants that he would protect them. ( ReadPsalm 95:14-16.) He made a list of the words that were used:

4. What hope do we have from the words of the letter of the Bible:1, 2?

5-6. What promise did you make to his servants in the song? What hope does this give us? (Psalm

Joseph said, "I will save him," "I will be successful, I will respond to him," "I will live with him," "I will reject him," and "I will give him a long life." These words prove that, Jehovah has assured his servants that because they rely on him, they know his name and cry out to him, he will protect them. We can trust in this promise from Jehovah. (Josh. ?14) If he says that he will protect his servants, not just by mouth but by mouth, he will do it. Because he/she has said so!—Nak. to19%.

6 Jehovah made the songr to write the words of song 95 so that it will help us to trust in him that he can protect us. (Rom. Kingly, we can also use the following words from the musician to say to God: “You are my refuge and strength. (Psym. 91:2) If this were so, then he is near protection and we can expect to be given it to us by Jehovah?

where is NDW identified?

7 Some time ago, some of our books explained that the words of song But the reality is, we are sure that Jehovah will continue to give us the strength needed to continue to maintain our relationship with him. But, what this song shows is that only things that will destroy our relationship with him will he protect us from? She is innocent. This song also shows that, the organization of Jehovah’s servants, he has promised that he will never allow his enemies to defeat them. Instead, he will protect them from harm or harm and will also punish them. What is it that we are saying?

7. Of what protection is the 95th anniversary of the year of the reign of the King of Judah?

September 2026 to 3

8 When he was suffering with Jesus, he took to heart the words of the Bible at never backfires:11, 12 to prove his point. Let's take a look at how Jesus responded. ( Read Matthew 4:5-7.) He told Jesus that, when he throws himself off the foundation of the temple, it is promised that he will send his enemies to protect him and not harm him. What news did Jesus tell to the child to say to the child? Jesus did not say: ‘Dad, don't be like that! This text doesn't mean that you will protect me from harm or harm me.' However, Jesus said to him: “As for your God, do not put it into your eyes. Of what benefit can we learn from this answer given by Jesus to the world?

9 Jesus was well aware that sometimes his Father sent hunters to protect his servants so that their enemies would not harm them or harm them. 2 Ahee. 6:15-17; :34, 35; Dan. 3,19, 20, 26-28; 616-22) But he also knew that, if he risked his life, David would not send his agents to protect him. So what he took to say that his servants are safe from their enemies, that is true. But what he said that Jesus should use his life to play with him to try to see him with it, he didn't say it at all. * Looking at how Jesus came up to answer the mouth of the wicked, we can say that the words of song 95 shows that, just like him, he will protect his servants. That's, he will provide us with everything we need not break up with him,

* Some time ago, we said in our books that, the words of song Also, it was to us that the words from the beginning of the King's It can be found in the December 1, 1964, issue of the magazine, page 722.

8-9. When he was suffering with him, what exactly did Jesus give him, and what did he mean? (Matthew 5:57))

He will not allow our enemies to defeat us and punish us.

10 The promise from God in the beginning of the King's death in the beginning helps us to trust more about him. We are confident that everyone who leans on God and takes him for his protection and guidance will also protect him. So when this wicked world is over, we shouldn't be worried about the big things that will happen. Let's, then, look at how he protects us today and how he will protect us in the future.

Observe JEH VALH? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11 We are protecting our relationships with him. This shows that, it helps us to know how to stay safe from anything that can destroy our relationship with him. He knows how bad and instabilities we are suffering all of us, and he knows that it is sometimes hard for us to stay away from what we don't want and do what we want. (Rom. Afterward 7:21-23) Therefore, he has given us a number of things that can help us to listen so that we do not get in touch with him. Let's consider some of them.

12 Jehovah has given us his word the Bible. His word the Bible warns us against bad desires, and it also alerts us to control bad desires. Let's use the word that Jesus said at Matthew 5:28,29 as an example. ( Read.) According to Jesus, “every person who continues to look at a woman and also get married to her has already committed adultery with her in his heart. Of what benefit can we learn from this?

13 If we keep an eye on a variety of liverily movies, it will lead to bad intentions.

10. What kind of trust do we have?

11. What can you do to protect the relationship we have with him?

12-13. What factors can help us to control bad relationships? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

Oak Coudageusly With God

The organization of Jehovah gives us videos and books that help us to maintain a positive relationship with him (See section 7).

headaches. If it happens like this, when we are tested for a little, it wouldn't be too hard to commit adultery. (Jas. 1:14,ipip If we can control such bad desires, we should apply the advice of Jesus, “If you see your brother's skin, remove and throw it away” A Bible professor explained this to Jesus' advice that, as we are doing this operation, something that is harmful to us from the body. Just like us, any picture that can cause bad emotions in us or bad intentions has come to our head, we need to see it as something that can hurt us so that we can completely get rid of it. (Col. 3.5) If we apply this advice of Jesus, it will not allow us to break up with him.

14 May God give us the spirit of righteousness.

14. How does the sacred spirit affect us?

Through his sacred spirit, he also helps us to reject bad thoughts. If we continue to plead with him for him to give us some of the sacred spirit, he will give it to us too. (Luke 11:9-30) How does sacred spirit help us stay safe from sin? The apostle Paul said: “ Do not keep on running in the spirit, for it will not allow you to follow the desires of your bodies day after day.” (Gal. 5:16) The explanation of this text in the United Kingdom says: “The person who walked in the spirit, he is looking for God's spirit and the one who thinks about it is how he behaves it so that he shows that he uses his spirit's guidance to work. That's why, when a bad idea comes out to a person like that, it gets out of it very early and it doesn’t solve at all. The spirit of God should not let down bad thoughts from us.

September 2026 5

But it can empower us to do the right thing and control ourselves so that we don't follow our desires and do something that Yeho-vah doesn't like. And if we do the right thing, we will continue to be in good terms with him.

15 Jehovah has given us his organization. Yeho-vah through his organization lets us get books and videos at the right time, and this helps us to stay in good relationships with him. Because there is sin and sin for us, sometimes we hear about some sins we have committed in the past. Sometimes we may feel that no one likes us or is able to control us so that we become nervous. If that happens, the name of the “Server” is based on these things, and it is still too difficult to convince him that we don't want a place for him and that the worship of Jehovah is so strong. (Matt. 4:3; 6:13) God's organization has given us a lot of movies and books that help us to trust that Jehovah is generous and precious. Also, he made us realize that the promise that he will give us what we need will come true, he will follow. (Psym. 86:5; Mat. 10:29-31; July 12:28; July. :5) We are saying this, which is sometime when you read a book or watch a video that touched your heart so well that you say, ' This is done for me.' Remember, all these things that are given to us by God at the right time so that we will not get lost together with him.

16 He protects all of us from losing our enemies. It is true that sometimes it is allowable for some of his servants to be disrespected and may even commit some of them, so that it would prove that he is a liar. (See. By the time of two hundred (40) years of suffering, we have been in prison for our sisters.

For his people after his death, he has never lost hope. She is very angry, and her heart beats all of us with the support of our friends. (Matt. ngy9; nyi. 12:9-12) However, you will never let it happen again! We can be absolutely confident that Jehovah will continue to protect his warriors so that our enemies will not give up in order to continue to serve him and share the good news with others.—Hebrews. 1:7, 14.

17 It's not every problem that a servant of Jehovah faces and protects against it. When we act on his advice, it helps us to avoid several things that can hurt us, and it helps us to cope with some of the challenges we face. (Proverbs. 14,29, 30; bor3; 2 Cor. 7:1- But for now, we do not expect that every one of us will be safe from anything that could hurt us. If so, the lie that is said by him that because we serve him is that he protects and bless us, he will continue to spread it. (John 1:10, Jye Yen Yen Yen Yen Yen Yen Yen Yen, because you want to keep your name clean and make it known to everyone that because of who is a liar, you have a “great” patience and you have made it so that his servants are not treated with contempt and act like the feminist. (Rom. 7:22) But very soon now, it will be coming to an end that the many times that all his servants praise him will end. Until he removes all his enemies, he will continue to help us cope with all the difficulties we face so that we do not break up.—1 Cor. 10:13; 1 pet. 5:10

Observe JE Ho Vah Besie leniently leniently leniently leniently leniently leniently lenient

18 During the great Weavers, he will help his servants to continue to be with him.

15 How does the organization of Jehovah help us to keep on doing what is right with him? (See the pictures on the other hand.)

16th century . What examinations has he given to some of his servants, and what hope can we have?

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . So why don't we hope that Jehovah will save us from anything that could hurt us?

28. How will you protect us in the future?

6

The Majority of Jesus will destroy God's enemies in the battle of Amerdon, and not one of them will bite. . . . But, at that time, God will not allow his enemies to kill one of us, because we are precious to him.

good. But this is not the only thing that will happen to us. Instead, if the countries unite and vote against us, he will not watch their names so that they will not defeat us. (Ekrak. SS:1, 2, 10-16) He will send Jesus Christ with an army to protect us, and fight our enemies. This will be the start of the battle for Ameydon. (See. 1712 - 14; :11, 14, quare Jɛ ya ya ya how will protect his servants in the battle for Ameydon?

19 We should not be worried about the dangers faced by this wicked world in the war of Amagedon. What are the benefits? Because he is our place of livelihood and our feet, we believe he will protect us. So we can be absolutely confident that, even if the majority of Jesus was to destroy God's enemies in the battle of the Amangdon, not one of them would say. (Jer. twpo; Zech. 194512) However, God will not allow his enemies to kill even one of us, because we are precious to him.—Luke :28; 2 pet. 2.9

Some 20 times in the battle for Amangdon, what the musician said will be realized with our eyes. He said: 'Apetum will buy it for you, and ten thousand will buy it for you; but it won't reach you. Only with your eyes will you look at it, and you will know the reward of the criminal. Because now, I am going to give birth to him as my place of livelihood! What the Asante has made your place.' (Psym. With the beginning of the battle for Amagedon, we are sure that Jehovah will protect his servants as a group and will protect each of us as well. He will not allow anything to continue between us and him and allow our enemies not to harm us or harm us. Also, he will alert us. Because it has said that 'jump' is your place of defense, he has also assured you that the war with Amagedon will not “go near you." That's why we don't have any fear of what will happen in the future. But we need to trust that if we trust in him completely, he will also protect us.

19-20. So why don't we be afraid of the dangers that will occur in the war of Ameydon? (See the picture in front of this magazine.)

Before the government of this rite: In the war of the Ameyon, Jehovah will protect and protect us from any injuries or bad news, and will also give us a sense of responsibility.

What is the meaning of this?

What is the protection of God and what is the meaning of the song?

What is today's relationship with Jehovah to protect us?

What will you do to protect us in the future?

NDW ranked 8nd of Ewen GHC.A.

NOVEmber 9-15, 2026

NDW number 36 We Protect Our Hearts.

Dzie JEBOSAA How to sing from our heart to listen to the heart of Jehovah.

Learning From Our Hearts and Joyful to Jehovah

“Sow from your heart” is the right thing to do.—rom. 6:17.

Most of the people, when they see someone who is more powerful than they look at them, they use the law. Others, the reason for compliance is that, they fear that failure to work will punish them. Some people are resorting to legalism in order to be remembered for how well they are known. Those who are like this, they act like the religious leaders of the era of Joseph. They always say that they obey God and obey his laws, but that was not the case at all. People wanted to think that they were too strict. (Matt. 5.) But as for us, we listen to him because we know that if we use what he teaches us in life, we will succeed. (Isa. 48:17, say that if we listen to this opinion, it is for our good. But there is another important reason why we listen to Jehovah.

2 The main reason why we listen to him is that we love him dearly. (Matt. For this reason, we are the one who is the “ treasurer of the heart” for him. (Rom. 6:17) Our love for God encourages us to pay close attention to him and listen carefully to what he tells us to do. It is not only when people are looking at us or when we benefit from what we say we do that we listen. But in the sun, in the water, we heard him. We believe that our heart can deceived us, so sometimes, listening to Jehovah can be a fight. In this lesson, we will consider two Bible accounts that can help us to draw closer to God. First, we will consider the incident that occurred when Jehovah saved the Israel from the Egyptians. When we are done, we will consider what happened to the King of Judah as well as the one we can learn from.

1. What factors contribute to the use of the law? 2. What is the most important reason why we listen to him?

8

The people of Israel followed him despite the fact that the people of Egypt could not be angry with them (See Article 7).

JEHO VATH NAASO JYR YIA,

3 Before Joseph saved the people from the hands of the people of Egypt, he gave them a law that could last for a long time to be difficult for them to follow. To avoid any of the dangers associated with the white man, Jehovah told them to sacrifice a male or a female goat and sell it to the back of their house. (Ex. 12:5, the King of Nana will come to settle in the town and every home that will see that blood is made on its linguist staffs, he will not kill any first seed in the household, from humans to animals. But the people of Israel can easily say they can't fulfill that command. What are the benefits? The people of Egypt were afraid that if they sacrifice the sheep, the people of Egypt wouldn't be so angry and offended. (Ex. 8:25- 27) But the people of Israel did not always look at it, but they realized that they should do it more quickly and listen to the King. So, all that 'geh commanded them to do, that is exactly what they did.' (Ex. 12:28) Because they obey him, he also blessed them and did not kill their first child.

3. While the people of Israel were forced to pour blood on their households, why would it be hard for them to hide? (See picture above.)

4 That same night, the people of Israel left Egypt. From the beginning, the King of Israel led the people to the north coast of the Mediterranean or the Red sea. But later, he gave them some kind of guidance that seemed to have no meaning. He told them to return back and take their faces south and catch a net between the sea and the rivers. If the Israel people were in a deep sleep, they would come to the town of Farahoah and his followers who were hitting them and the middle of the Red sea. So it would have seemed as if they had discussed questions. But at this point, what God told the people of Israel through his angel Moses to do it, they did just that. (Ex. 14.1-4) But when the people of Israel realized that the people of Egypt were close to them, they became very angry and even blamed Moses for bringing them to the grave to die. (Ex. 14.5-11) How did the woman and now the people of Israel regret to listen to this? And how did Asamoah feel about what was done?

5 The Bible explains that when the people got to the Red sea, they did not understand the signs that Jehovah had performed in Egypt and they did not remember them.

4. When the people left Egypt, what instructions did he give to those who seemed to have no meaning?

5. When the people got to the Red sea, how did they react? (Psalm 1964:8)

September 2026 9

By showing them the true love. ( ReadPsalm 1964: succumbed.) When the Lord brought a tenth problem to the people of Egypt, the people saw how he had protect their first child. But all that Joseph had done for them did not know that it was because he loved them that he did it. And they couldn't believe that he could come back to them again. Joseph saw what was in his people's hearts, so he spoke of them as 'collections on the Red sea.' After the people of Israel chased after Moses all over the Red sea, they did not change their bad attitude and remained a rebel against Jehovah. At the end of the day, all the members of Israel who voted against him in the wilderness died. He didn't even allow one of them to move his legs to the Anlosa land. (Psym. 1964:21, 24-26) What can we learn from what happened to the people of Israel?

Learning about the name of the King of Israel from Dja Otoo Otoo IRAELFO

6 The story of the people of Israel shows that we should give careful thought to the reason why we listen to him and to those in charge of his servants. So if we are given a guide, we can ask ourselves, "What guide have been given to us, because we understand and know that we will benefit from it so that we can work with it? Looking at the news of Israel's case, some of them didn't want their daughter to die so much that they would use the hoe to collect blood on their linguist staffs. We can also ask ourselves, "How well do people do their things and consider them to indicate that we are trying to conceal or not listen to them? That night when the people of Israel were coming out of Egypt, God made them “ blind in the sight of the people of Egypt,” so it was not hard for them to conceal it from him. (Ex. 12:36) But after, while the people of Egypt pursued them, they didn't rely on God and voted against him. (Ex. 14.10-12) We should not be like the people of Israel, but rather we should trust in Jeho-vah with all our heart to protect those who take the lead in his service. ( Read more Jeremerah yuro4.) If we are given some guidance that we do not understand well or if we work with it and it provokes the anger of those who don't serve him, we still have to work with it. How can we draw our hearts to him and avoid the same mistake the people made?

7 If we love him dearly, we will hide from him. If the organization of Jehovah gives us some guidance and we do not know the benefits we can get from it or if we take those instructions seriously and work hard, it can be difficult for us to save that guidance. When that happens, we need to remember that the reason we listen to him is that we love him and trust him. And because we love God, we will follow the instructions and wait patiently until we understand some things better. And in the long run, we will see the importance of following these instructions.—Psalm. 7:8; Mac. 7:7.

8 As Jehovah’s servants today, they are very good. They listen even if it is asked by him to do something and see the significance of it at that time. For example, when COVID-19 came out of his head, the Adhoc committee asked the congregation to make a study using the phone or video chat. One of the elders in Pu said: “ At first, I thought where we were couldn’t follow that guidance. Although she didn't fully understand the instructions, she was determined to keep God in her mind and trust in him. (Proverbs. 3,5, who came out from doing that? He said, "I will see that if we listen to him, he will bless us. We followed the instructions, and it made us cooperate with the siblings.

6. If we trust in God, how will he let us do it? ( Jeremiah scruffed)

7. If we love him so much, how will he help us to listen?

8. What did one of the brothers and sisters do to indicate their commitment to hiding from Jehovah?

10 WASS:

We also did good in our relationship with our God,” he said. In 2020, alcohol and other non-political groups spoke out against the study, the border provided a new guiderine. When a female teacher in Japan realized that because of these instructions, the association would be founded, she said: “I will work with these instructions and not talk about them. Because I believe these changes will really help us.

9 Be prepared for the next day. This time it is very important for us to be determined to continue speaking the good news to the future even if they are challenging us, we will not stop saying it. In many countries, the government has not banned our work, so we are still preaching the good news of the Kingdom there. But, because what we say to some people is that God will soon destroy this wicked world, we need the courage to say it. If what we are talking about now, we will stop saying if it is too late for the Amage-don war to begin. (Matt. ?14) Also in the great calamity, the good news we are going to say, some of which will be very hot and will make people very angry. But how people will react to the issue will show that they support or support the reign of God's Kingdom. For even his enemies of God, they will not like the issue at all, because it would be like a serious problem for them. *(No. 1621) They are very angry with him and his servants like the Pharaoh offended the people of Israel at the Red sea. That's why no matter what people do to us, we should be determined to continue preaching the good news. If we do that, we were ready for the heavy burden brought on us.

SEAS SuAS Suase learns the art of JEho shabahAT and TIAE JEho Vah

10 The Bible tells of some people who heard about Yeho-vah and we can learn from them. One of them is King Againaphat of Judah. Once upon a time, three countries joined forces to fight against the people of Judah. When it comes to giving birth to Yehosaphat, won't your heart be broken? So when the Bible says that Yehosa-phat was afraid with its citizens, there was a meaning in it. 2 Timber. Jo1-3) But the King didn't let them down. Instead, she let him know what to do. Let's learn from the way Yehosa-phat leaned on him and what we can learn from him.

11 Be determined to look to him for guidance.

*See the “Akufo-Addo Bisa” issue in the August 2025 issue.

9. What can we do to prepare for it? (See picture above.)

10. When some countries joined forces to fight against the people of Judah, how did King Again feel?

11. What did Asamoahat do when he lost his heart? 2.Prominent 205, 6, 10-2012)

If we listen to him now that it wouldn't be hard in the future if we were worried about him, we will continue to listen (See Article 7).

11

The elders listen to Jehovah, working with the guidance provided by his organization and listening to their fellow elders (See section 7

and it has worked with it. Asamoahat lost his heart, "he aimed at searching for Jehovah. 2 Timber. Jo3) Yehosaphat often looking for his guidance in everything he does. 2 Timber. 19.3 But when the nation decided to fight against Judah, what this is the most important thing for him to look for behind him and follow any instructions he would give him. That's why Yehosaphat fell out of his heart to praise Jehovah. ( Read 2 Article 205, 6, 1012.) When we are going through a problem, what can we do to be like Asamoahart? We need to make a decision to hide from Jehovah. Also, we should continue to pray and study to seek his guidance, and we are confident that he will support us.—Psalm. oso112

12 Keep on studying the Bible. His campaign shows that he was well-skilled in his knowledge of God's word. He knew that the land on which the people lived was the land that God promised their ancestor Abraham to give it to his descendants. (Gen. Again, some of the things that Solomon said in his prayer when the temple was being demolished were being built were also mentioned in his prayer. 2 Timber. 62-30; 205-30) Asamoahat's knowledge of Jehovah enabled him to rely heavily on him and keep focused on hiding him. So, for us, what we know about him, we need to continue to learn more about him. (Matt. SS 2000) If we do that, no matter what difficulties we will face, we will continue to listen to and listen to the Bible.

13 Be Humble. Josahart's prayer also shows that he was calm. He was a chief and had a lot of army. So he can defend himself against his own enemies and not need the help of Jehovah. But he did not do that, but he did his best and he reached out to all the peoples and begged for help because they didn't know what to do. 2 Timber. Jo12) Asamoahat was calming down, when he was taught by Jehovah, he did it easily. Likewise, if we are Humble, we will take our heart to draw closer to our heavenly Father.—Phil. 2.5, 8.

14 If you listen to him, others will be more like you. When Joseph heard the prayer of Yehosaphat, he said to them through his friend Jahaziel: "Their laughter has stopped, and stand firm, and look at the soul of the King, his life.' The Bible says that, as soon as he got hold of him, he " held his head and covered his face with his face to the ground. He did this to all the people of the town that he had made to “shurse the ground and put it to the ground” for them. The next day, when Joshua and his people went out to meet their enemies, he told his people to “ believe in Jehovah and his counsellors. o—2 Mtam. 20.14-20.

12. What steps can we take to help us stay safe in our homes?

13 If we are humble, how will it help us to draw closer to our God?

14. How did Joshua behave in accordance with God's instructions, and how did his people react?

12

15 Asamoahat strongly believed that he would fulfill his promise and fight for his people. Also, he encouraged his people to trust in him and listen carefully to everything that he says. "When he had made a alliance with his people," he sacked some boys to lead the crowd to sing songs praise to him. 2 Timber. 2021) This shows that they trust in and trust in Jehovah. He also blessed them and gave them the enemy a fight and kill themselves.—2 2022-24.

16 The elders in the congregation, parents and the responsible ones, can learn something from the case of Johhabat. Because she opened her heart to listen to him, he also helped her people to do the same. It is said that, the back of the back is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the chief. Therefore, what King Againshaphat did, it can be said that he is like King Solomon. Because when Solomon was serving Jehovah, he begged for God to give him insight into heart so that he could control his citizens well. He wanted to judge his citizens with the wisdom of Jehovah. ( Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Asamoahart also calmed down and listened to God's conversation. Then, he discussed with his people some important decisions before, and encouraged them to listen to what was being said and act on it. The elders in the congregation do the same for Johahphat. Before making a decision about the organization, they first look at God's word in the books of the congregation, and discuss it with other dignitaries. (Proverbs. 1522) Also, when the ban comes out of their hearts, they work faster and have no discussions about it. When they do that, it encourages others to do the same. Parents, they should also remember that whatever they do, if it's right, if it's wrong, their children will learn it. So if they trust in him from their heart, their children too will be like them.—Proverbs. 1:8; 14.1

17 Regardless of the challenges we will face, if we trust in him from our heart, we can be confident that he will take care of us and will also help us to know what we should do. Just as he directed his servants in the olden days, today he heads over the Adhoc team and the elders in the congregation to provide guidance for his servants. We should not be worried even if we are given some guidance that we do not understand well or how it will affect us at that time. Instead, we should listen and work with it because he is more powerful than us and he is capable of doing everything. (Isa. 50:9) Therefore, let us keep on trusting in him because of our heart.

15 What did Yehosaphat do to show that he really trusted in Jehovah?

16th century . Of what benefit can the elders in the congregation and their parents learn from the story of Joshua? 1 Kings 3:9) (See picture.)

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . What is the reason why we need to continue to trust in him from our heart?

What is the meaning of this?

What can we learn from the sins of the people of Israel after they left Egypt?

What did Yehosaphat do to show that he paid close attention to Jehovah?

How can we learn from Jerosaphat?

NDW is eighty-eight.

Show Me Your Roads

NOVEmber 16-22, 2026

NDW is 84% We will do more.

Dzia YEBOSAA

We will consider how we are expected to fulfill the promises at Zecharia at 5:23.

We are preaching the good news in all the languages of the nations.

“One of the ten men from all the languages of the country will discuss the name of the one Ewini person.— ZECH. 8:23.

The TUTSEWO who was hitting the Babe Ajesen, was criticized by the people, and destroyed the work they were doing. Because of this, people have spread the land anywhere and it is the highest language spoken by everyone. (Gen. 11.6-9) But God has said that he will say "A great crowd. . . they come from all countries and tribes and peoples and languages” together, and they pass through the great calamity to the new world. (See. 7:9, 10, today because we will continue to use the people's language to reach them with the good news during the great suffering, they can trust in the Lord that he will save them. ( Read Rome 10:13, 14.) That's why it is a great honor to be able to share in this rescue work!

2 Because of God's promise to the cynicist Zechariah, "A number of nations will take their dedicated service to God, and have made his country. Zechariah wrote this book after a long time. (zech. 2.11) Zechariah also announced: “As the people say here is this: in the days it will happen that ten men from all the languages of the nations will discuss the name of the one Ewini, that, We will go with him, because we have heard that God is there.” (zech. 8.23) These conflicts are being carried out today. Let's consider how each of us can come up with this issue.

1. What is the main reason why it is so important to share the good news with people in their mother tongue? (Romans 10:13, mt.

2. What is the mouth of the liar Zechariah?

14

We are going to talk about the kasaa nynaa . . . . . . . . . . . .

3 “Jubsman” mentioned in the conversation between Zechariah represents those whom God has blessed with sacred spirit. The Bible also refers to them as 'the Israel of God. (Gal. 6.16) These people are eager to continue. (Heb. 3:1- And what about the ten men, they represent so that you do not drink? They represent the Humble people who have the hope of living forever in the Paradise earth. They come from many different countries and it is the highest language group of each.

4 In some of the early 1900's places, ' Jedawni', meaning, the Christians who have been missing have been busy preaching the good news. During that time, a video called "Pto-Dram of creation" was released in some countries. The video was translated into a few languages. Then, in the year of his death, Christ rejected the “the faithful and wise woman”. (Matt. 45) These brothers will realize that if they can do the work they do, the Bible message they translate into a variety of languages. So in 1992, a well named The Harp of God was released and used it to study the Bible. And later, they translated it into 36 different languages. After that, in 1935, “the faithful and wise slave” realized that there would be a “ great crowd” from all over the world and the language spoken on earth forever. This crowd is the "ten men" described by Zechariah in his conversation. We see that from the year before this, he has helped the “the faithful and intellectuals” to be able to convey the good news in many different languages, and this has made Zechariah’s dream come true.

“ Wo n Wo n N N W N W N W N W N W N W N W N W N W N W N W N W N W N W N W N W N W N WA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( (

5. As they continue to spread the good news, many heartbroken people who speak too much language were reached with the good news. As Ewah announced, people from all over the world were called upon to ban the house of the Lord to educate them. ( Read For this reason, God's servants have been “in agreement” so as to share the good news with these people and to be educated. One of the things we do is that, we translate the good news we speak into a variety of languages, we end up making sure that everyone in this world will get it. (Psym. 68:11; 111:3) Also, the brothers who have the knowledge of computers have helped the organization to do this .org site is the JW Liberation app, and this has helped many people to learn the Bible in their native dialects.

6 Mmukuu is a video produced by the truthful and wise people from all over the country to the highest language group. One of the things we do to show our gratitude for the contributions of the worldwide organization is that, we are actively contributing towards the worldwide preaching work. For the sake of the donations, the organization has been able to translate Bible books into over 1,100 languages. Because of this, they don't give a lot of people every year.

7 Despite the increase in the number of languages in the world, the convention program has provided an online site, the JW Library app, and a variety of videos in various languages so that we can read it.

3. The “Jubini” stands for you not to drink today, but what about the "ten men"?

4. When Jesus released the “the faithful and intellectuals” in the year of Bono, did they realize that they were supposed to do it?

5-6. In what way is the conversation between guinea fowl ? . . . . . is coming true today? (See picture above.)

7. How is it possible to react to the coming of Zecariah and John? (Proverbs 14.6)

September 2026 15

People in all over the world who speak the highest language, every one of them gets books and videos that the faithful and wise woman gives to us. (See section 5-6.)

The good news has directed people in all parts of the world. hunters also help us to tell " this daily good news to those living on earth, and all countries and tribes and tribes are the language and people as well." ( Read Article 14.6.) Looking at how Zecheria and John's dreams are being realized, we are sure that all the other promises will come true. Also, it helps us to keep actively involved in the organization through which God is advertising the good news.

JEHO Vah is performing AANWANWAD

8 An Story that occurred at the end of the year 2017, after the death of 2017, shows that, since the language of those who were spreading the Babe government was changed, it can also allow people to speak one more language. She was able to let Christ's students speak a variety of languages that they had never remembered before. (Ann. 2,4-10) What made him do that? The reason is that, he wanted the students to be able to tell the “Great things God has done” to people who have come to visit to worship him in their native language. (Ann. Likewise today, our books and videos help us to use local languages to witness to people.

9 It is very important for people to hear the good news in their own language. He gave it to us for us to use this example. Take it for a trip to a new country. And there was a terrible disease in that area, so you have to see a doctor. What makes you sick is that you don't understand what the doctor says, so if you have someone who translates what the doctor says to you and you know what the doctor wants for you to feel better. Just like a lot of people have done; they don't know God.

8. After the death of Jesus, what were the signs that was made by God at Kentucky in the year 2017?

9. How can we reach people with the good news that we do not understand in their native dialects?

16 WASS:

they are also not happy, that is why they need hope and comfort. The only solution to their problem is speaking to them about the Bible. Because of that, even if we meet someone we don't understand, we can help her to get comfort and comfort. What helps us to do this is that we have books and videos in many different languages.

10 How do we use our schools to witness to people in their native dialects? Let's see what we can learn from what Robert did. Robert speaks Bo-rodo, and sometimes he was preaching at our sea level, and he met a man from Turki-we who worked in a small ship. The old lady didn't understand English well, so Robert gave her some of the Gospel from God's book in Turkye dialect. Robert was well aware of the incidence of my child, so he was able to tell the man where to read. Also, the man asked questions about what is going on in the world, and Robert used the JW Library app to help him find answers to it in Turkye language. The man bursted into laughter, and he said: " Ah, this is just like hiding in my town. Robert said: “ We talked for an hour. During the discussion, you will know that the Bible is very rich and you can use what the Bible says to live by its principles and not joke with the Bible at all. It is a great honor to be able to help right people to hear what God is saying to all people in a language they cut through their breasts.

11 Only if we give a piece of paper or a piece of paper to someone on the jw.org site in his or her own language, the results can make us feel better about it. So there is a lot that you need to think about when we meet someone you don't understand.

10-11. What have you learned from Robert and Yaa from their story? (See the box " His eyes did not close, Naaso After He saw Anydao.)

Lob Yendi is coming back to Nut Tshiab woa woa wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo , , , wo wo wo wo wo wo wo , , , , , ɛ wo wo wo , , , , , , , ɛ wo wo wo wo wo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ɛ wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,

She wasn't happy, but after Akya Annydao

Yaa is a mother who fled her country to live in the United States. Things were not going well for him at all. He had only heard and sat down and his wife didn't allow him to read any chapter including the Bible. He said: “ For the joy that is called happiness, I had no one and I had always been so busy here. One day, a English-speaking woman gave her a piece of paper translated into HRC. The license was named Ase- lived in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures. He read the Bible, he will know what God says will do for future generations in the Bible, and he has never heard his principles. What made her so happy was the hope that future things would become better for her. After that, she hiding the piece of paper in her basket for years so that her husband wouldn't see it, and she used to read it to herself. There was only one daughter-in-law who became a Witness, and one day she attended a congregation meeting, and was used to speaking the traditional language and studying it. They planned to study the Bible with Yaa. The letter, which had been translated into his native language, was used to help him learn about Jehovah and he started to serve him.

September 2026 17

In his speech, he will use this method to convey a Bible message to him.

We shall support the Amanaman for the establishment of JEHOVah and Dzin.

12 People started to translate the Bible into other languages today. * Those who translated the Bible into other languages did their best to get the word of God in their native language and read it. That's why today we are able to learn God's word in our native language. In the past few years, the only book that has helped his worldwide servant of God to be united is the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures. An elder in Nepal said about this translation of the Bible: "When I read this Bible in my native language, I feel that I am speaking with you, and this has helped me to stay closer to him and to develop my faith in him." The New World Translation has been translated, in whole or in part, into over 300 languages. Because of this, the people of Jesus Adanase in the world are in agreement and despite that each of us has a higher language, the same thing we use to educate people. This is because the Bible translation we use has been well translated and will also be clear. 1 Cor. 1:10) But there are other reasons why this translation is different. Let's see what.

13 Now, if you examine various Bibles, you won't know the name of God as well as yours.

17th century ago, the English Scriptures translated, and this translation was called the Greek Scriptures. That was the first time some parts of the Bible were translated into other languages.

12. How has the New World Translation helped his servants?

13 So why doesn't God's name be in many Bibles?

in, but the New World Translation, God's name is not in it. About 100 years ago, it was easily known that his name was found in various Bibles, especially the Bible. But most of the priests who are supposed to be Christians don't respect him or her and don't even want to see others and the number is called to her. If we take the Catholic church this way, their church leaders have made it known that God's name is taken out of their Bibles and books. * And as well as many different churches have expelled God's name from their Bibles. But according to the New World Translation, regardless of the language translated, the name of Jehovah has been revised to a point where it comes out. But consider, why do people need to know the name of Jehovah? Let's take a look.

14 The Bible alerts us that it is very important to know and use God's name. A musician told his servants to glorify his name. (Psym. 1335:1) When he was teaching his students to praise him, he said: " Your name is holy." Once upon a time, he said to his father, "You have seen your name". (Matt. 62:9; John Gospel26) Nintenguist Michael and the other minister also said: "every person who will call on the name of Jehovah will be saved." (Joel 2: 32; Roma. 10.13) But the saddest thing is that, those who use the translation of the Bible to remove God's name from them do not recognize the importance of knowing his name and call it for it.

On the 28th anniversary of the year, the People's Fund directed that when the Catholic church is celebrating, singing or singing, " Let's name God's name be mentioned." See the October 1, 1997 issue of the Kingdom of God’s Kingdom. 16-17, no. 4.8%.

14. When we look into the Bible, why do people need to know God's name and call it?

18

15 Today, many of the Asante people can access the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures in a language they can read and understand. Since this Bible is well explained, it helps us to know the reality about him, we realize the importance of trusting him and praise his name. Because of what we know about him, we love him dearly and rely on him.—Proverbs. lep10; Isa. fifty:6.

16 The Bible alerts us that it is very soon that all "kings on earth" are in front of him, and that he will be a cripple. (See. 14.) At that time, those who know him, listen to him and call him by name, will protect themselves and not give up at all. (Psym. 9.10; Read John Gospel3; see the 'teirming to us we' in the Nttsie- E.) But those who do not believe in God and do not listen to him, he will teach them that he is the Almighty God. He said: “I will be happy, and I will be holy in myself, and I will be known in many countries, and they will know that he is [the priest]." (Ekrak. 38:23) At that time, his servants will be very happy because they know that their friend, Jehovah, will save them.—Mal. 3:16.

17 It is a great honor to have the privilege to participate in the progress of the debate at Zechariah 5:23! We are not the only ones doing this work. But we also have the privilege to work with our fellow hunters in this work and to preach the good news in all over the world. He has given us all the equipment we need to be able to share the good news with people from all countries and tribes and tribes. Let us continue to make good use of these things so that we can help the majority of people to know that our God, Jehovah, loves everyone, is compassionate and patient. Until the name of God is established, let us continue to share the good news with all people.—Luke 11:2."

15 How has the New World Translation helped us?

16th century . What's the reason why it's so important to know who Jehovah is today? (John 173)

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . What opportunity did he get?

What is the meaning of this?

What is the ' Jwenni' and 'ten men' who are the ones who are announced at Zecharia at 5:23 for you to drink?

What has made people in the world able to learn about God so well?

why is it important for people to know the name of Jehovah and call on him?

NDW is fifty-seven (57) years old.

preaching the Gospel to All Human beings

NOVEmber23-29, 2026

NDW ranked 1.7 as a concept of love.

DJIA YEBOSAA We will take a look at how the priests arrangement that has been made for us to love him dearly.

The Story of Pastorizers shows that Jehovah loves Weeds.

Every high priest who is appointed in the presence of a person is forced to represent him as a priest.—heb. 5:1

What a shame to say and a person is very in need of help! If we believe in all things, if we don't believe in them, we need a helper. In fact, our situation is very difficult. What is it that we are saying? Because since Adam and Eve sin, all humans have been born with it. And this has separated women from God. (Eph. 2.12; Col. 1:21) In view of that, sin has created a big debt between us and God, and if someone doesn't help us, we can't personally approach God. If God is not in our lives too, happiness is called happiness and never leads to anything, and there is no hope. So, what has he done to help us?

2 Joseph has made a promise to save us from sin, and that is the arrangement for priests. He made this arrangement for the ancient nation of Israel and later it also worked for the early Christians. And today and today all this arrangement is still working. In this lesson, we will consider how the men and women who lived in the past benefited from the Pastoral arrangement. We will also consider the benefits of the priests' arrangement today is how it will affect our future. When we are done, we will consider how the terms of the priests are made known that he loves us so much.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3 The apostle Paul explained the reason why the priests were directed by God to the nation of Israel. ( Read negativity 5: Asamoah wanted to pull the trigger. That is why he elected the high priest to represent man not as the work of God. He was a good priest.

1. What's the reason why women need help so well?

2. What will we discuss in this lesson?

3. According to John 5:1, how did the priests support those who wanted to serve God? (See picture above.)

20

What they say is that they are associated with God, but the terms for priests are just like the hope that helps us to turn to him (See section 7

the old man has joined the rest of the priests like the hope that those who wanted to serve God will turn to him.

4 The priests used two important methods to help the people of Israel to draw close to him and worship him in his own way. First, the priests represented God to educate the people. how did they do it? Malchi 2:7 says: "A priest's mouth should not be hidden, and the law should be sought for in his mouth; and he should be made known to the people of the people of the Imam of the Imam of the Imam.' So it was the priests' responsibility to explain the Law to the people of Israel, helping them to understand and live by it. For example, in the reign of Nehemiah, the 13 brafo helped the priest Jerna to explain the Law to his citizens. They explain it clearly and helped them to understand what they read. What they did helped the people of Israel to live up to their word of God and to draw closer to the leader.—neh. 8:2,3, 6-30.

5 Oti2, the priests helped the people to form a good relationship with God. What were they going to do with this? They represented the citizens with sacrifices to compensate them. The people of Israel were well aware that they made mistakes each day, so they would need to be forgive them. (Psym. fifty:9) Because of this, God gave the priests who had sacrificed sacrifices for them. When the people of Israel who wanted to serve God with their heart, when they saw that he forgive them, how comforting! The Pastoral arrangement shows that Jehovah loves his servants and is compassionate to them. Also, he thinks so much about them and most importantly, he wants them to live forever.

EDWOYA JEWIA VALIA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

6 Ever since, what matters to him is that he always keeps in good relations with his faithful servants. Before Esa became the nation of Israel, the gods who worshipped him used to sacrifice animals for themselves and their children. When we look at Dr. Noah like this, it's time.

4. What did the priests represent in the presence of God to the people of Israel?

5. What work were the priests in ancient Israel doing, and what does this indicate about Jehovah?

6. In the old fathers' time, where were the priests' work and the fathers doing it?

September 202621

When he came out of the room, he sacrificed an animal to thank God for what he has done for his family. (Gen. 8:20) High Priest Abraham also made a sacrifice and made a sacrifice to Jehovah. (Gen. 12:7, System and Jos King, he used to sacrifice fire for his children. (Job 1:5) Because of this, if you examine the Bible, you will know that some of them were completely called priests before the appointment of the tribe of Judah to serve as priests in Israel. The people of Israel were told: “As for the priests, in effect, they should wash themselves every day, so that there may be no place for them in the priests. 19.22.

7 When the Bible was first using the word pastor, it was talking about Merchizeded. (Gen. 14.18) He was also a priest and also a chief. After that, Jesus promised that the Christ would also be king and priest like the Mechiezedede. But as for the power of Christ, all things will benefit forever.—Psalm. 111:4; collapsing. 7:17.

8 As shown in the evidence, Jehovah made his nation Israel, and he organized priests for them and gave them the Law through Moses. He mentioned the work the priests would do in the Law. Josa took Moses' brother, who was the king of Bono and he was the High Priest of his children, and he said that only his descendants could serve as priests. (Ex. 40:12 - 15) It was given to the priests to offer sacrifices to the foreigners and the rest of the people of the tribe helped them to offer the sacrifice. The High priest represented the whole country in sacrifice, and the priests also sacrificed for every Israelite who wants to sacrifice. Jehovah gave them specific instructions on the arrangements they had to make, the reason for the sacrifice was the right way.

they continue to slap him. This arrangement that was made by God was a good thing that he is going to do for the future generations.

9 When he was young to Jesus, he became the High Priest of the High Priest of the High spiritual temple. (Heb. 8.1- later, Jesus gave his last life as a sacrifice for the people. The blood of the Jesus was much more valuable than the blood of the priests to sacrifice for the people of Israel. The animal's blood could not be completely released, but through the blood of Jesus, it could have completely wiped out all our sins. Now and today, Jesus is still our High Priest and he has continued to be like the hope we take to God for him. (Heb. :24) Daakye will be the death of the 14.4,000 who are blessed with kings and chiefs, and they will reign with our High Priest, Jesus in God's Kingdom. 1 pet. 1:3, Twin. Also, women will be helped to transform the earth into a beautiful garden. We look forward to the end of this project, because when it is done, life will be very beautiful!

10 As shown in the evidence, from the old days, he organized a seminar on priests for things so that it would help us to draw closer to him. The sacrifice offered by the priests in Israel helped the people to realize that, they needed a sacrifice higher than all these sacrifices. That's the?'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' During Christ's Twin movement, he will continue to serve as priests with the 1444,000 until evil is completely out of control, and thereafter no longer needs priests who have claimed to have received him back to come to him to his aid. And so, about priests.

7. You had come to eat with Mechiezedezede, and how was masiah treated him?

8. You and the Moslem Law says they are priests, and what work will they do?

9-10. During the naming ceremony, didn't you drink and will you serve as priests with Jesus?

22nd termus

What is this arrangement that helps us to draw closer to him? Let's consider some of them.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

11 The Story of Pastorism shows that it is God's will for each of us to be close to him and to be his friend. Despite the fact that it is bad for him to say proverbs between us, but the reason for his heart is that he will stop saying such things forever. We want to be close to him, we thank him and do what he loves so that we can live forever. 2 Cor. 5:18) Yendi knows that we know nothing about the evil and inefficiencies; it is like how we eat pepper and wait for machines. Our speech is with him, and that's why he wants to help us all in the right way and we will be his friends again. When you think about what he has done for you, it will make you very love him.

11. What is the Pastoral arrangement, and how do we know that God wants every one of us to treat him as a friend?

12 Jesus also wants us to draw closer to him and get closer to him. The Bible says that, when we sin, we “ have a helper with the Father” who pleads for forgiveness. He is our High Priest, Jesus Christ. 1 John 2:1; read John 7:25.) What exactly is it that Jesus looked at before he made a petition for you? A look at where you are from, how you were trained, a disease that isra or something that is life-threatening. Also looking at your good behavior, the good things that are being done are the way it has happened to serve Jehovah with truthfulness. Because Jesus sees what is in the heart of a person, the number of times he has pleaded with God for forgiveness is the effort he is making to do all the more, he/she sees. God is kind and willing to forgive, so we can be confident that if Christ pleads for us, he will forgive us. (Psym. 85:5) What kind of animal is it?

12. What is our High Priest, Jesus, looking at before he pleads for us, and how is this comforting? (Hebrews 7:25) (See picture.)

When our High Priest Jesus is appealing for us, he is looking at the good things we do, the reasons we do that, the reason we continue to plead with him to forgive us is the effort we are trying to do the right thing (See

why are we saying this? The reason is that, Yeho-vah himself is the name of Jesus to us that he is our Kamafo.

13 The Pastoral arrangement assured us that Jehovah wants our heart to be in touch with him. ( Read negativity 4:16.) For the sake of our High Priest, Jesus, we can take our sins seriously to praise him whenever we want. When Jehovah sees that he is speaking to him from the heart, he becomes happy. If we do that, we prove that we trust him and rely on him. We are sometimes so full of sadness because of the hardships we are going through, that we are not sure how difficult we are to explain our situation to Yeho-vah. Sometimes, we don't even know what we are trying to get out of. (Rom. 8.26) Despite all this, JE-hovah understands us, listen to us and fulfill our request for us. Our Father loves us very much and he is available to us, so we can move on to him once and for all and let him know from heart what he is disturbing our child.

14 The Pastor's arrangement shows that Yeho-vah wants us to live forever. (Ekrak. 33.11) The animal used by God's servants in ancient times to offer sacrifices, their blood cannot completely reject their sins. (Heb. 7:19) But these sacrifices helped them to realize that, they would need a sacrifice that could completely reject their sins. This sacrifice was the right life for the sacrifice of Jesus Christ. Because of the sacrifice of Jesus, God can forgive our sins completely. Also, because of the sacrifice of Jesus to God, if we listen to him, we will have life without end. How grateful we are that Jehovah created this seminar on priests so that we can live forever!—1 John 4:10.

13 As shown at negativity 4:16, why is it that Jehovah made Jesus our High Priest, and what does this mean when we praise him?

14. How does the sacrifice of Jesus prove that Yeho-vah wants us to live forever?

15 Those appointed by God as priests give evidence of his love for us. Those who have been lost must remain faithful until death as their Lord Jesus did. (Phil. 2.8; No. 2:10) Also, they must live their lives in order to prove that they love and trust him. Since both Jesus and the 144000 are faithful, we can be confident that in the Mfranfoa Apem Tum-didi, they will help us to greatly benefit from the sacrifice, and they will slowly reject sin and sin from us. So, by the end of the law of the Twin of Christ, there was no sin and sin no longer. Then, the Jesus and the 14.000 will ensure that all his dream will return to Paradise again and they will ensure that all the promises from God come true. It is clear that, those appointed by Jehovah as priests are truthful and considerate, and this shows that he loves us so much.—Ph. bob1, 2.

16 Our High Priest Christ is aware of all that we are going through, and he understands our meaning, because while he was still on earth, he passed through it. ( Read negativity 4:15.) We ask: Sometimes it's too late to make you feel sick, isn't it? Asamoah has always felt that way. (John 4:6) You have been so hungry that you have been hungry or have been so hungry that all of you have never lost your life? He also knows how it is with Jesus. (Matt. 4:2; John :28) Because you are one of the witnesses of Jehovah, do people ask you or make fun of you? As for Jesus, that is how they made him. (Isa. 50:6; John 15,20) Does someone close to him ever die? As well as Jesus, his friend Laurans died and his father Joseph died leaving him too. In any case, we can be confident that our High Priest, Jesus, understands us and knows what we need, because he himself has gone through something very similar.

15 When we look at those appointed by God to be priests, how do we know that Jehovah loves us?

16th century . In what words at nebut 4:15, what is it that shows that Jesus is very qualified to serve as our High Priest?

24

17 Priests who would help Jesus to reject evil spirits will understand us and show their concern for us. Because they were also men and women who were just as bad and lacking as we are. So when we are worried about a past mistake or sin, they understand us. Also, if we are suffering from a disease, if there is any feeling or control over us, or anything else that is disturbing us, it's all passed through. variety is the source of all of them, the clan from them, their culture, when they lived and passed through each other's life. So in any part of life, it's not the least way some of the 144,000 people will understand you.

18 The Pastoral arrangement that we are going to discuss shows that he is aware of love, pity, pity, and concern for us. With all that he wants every day to get bad news about us, but not so much like that. (See. 12:10) In this lesson, you will know what Joseph has done so that we can draw close to him, and do what he likes and make friends with him. This allows us to know that he loves us so much and that he is ready to forgive us if we do wrong. That's why we have to do all we can to draw closer to him and take him seriously.

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . So why can we be sure that the spirits will understand us?

28. What qualities of the Lord do the terms of priests communicate, and how does this make you feel?

19 Sometimes, because of the sin, we will feel that we are empty, but this lesson has helped us to know that even if we feel that way, we can trust that it is from Jehovah, that he understands us. He also knows that we are white and that he is not blind. (Psym. Various:14) Despite all this, not only does he focus on our mistakes, but he also continues to focus on the good things we are doing and trying to please him. So if we think we are just making mistakes and we don't have anything good in ourselves, then we have to remember that, too, Jehovah " is greater than our hearts and knows everything. ”—1 John 3:20

20 As we will see, it is in the heart of our heart that we serve him as he wants, so he has given to our High Priests and priests who can help us to serve him. We are very grateful to God, because if he doesn't do the priestly arrangement which is like accepting him we won't be able to draw near to him forever. That's why we all do what the Bible at 4:16 encourages us to do. Then he said: "good morning, let us put our trust in the throne of righteousness, and let us have pity and comfort that will help us at the right time."

19. If we feel that we are of no benefit, what kind of trust and priests arrangement can bring him?

20. Why should you be very grateful to God for making the arrangement for priests, and what are you determined to do?

What is the meaning of this?

How do you know how the Pastoral arrangement helps us to serve Jehovah as he wants?

How has he used priests from the past till now, and what role will they play in the future?

What role has Asthma played in our decision making?

NDW figure 16

We will praise Yame as the King of His Son.

November 30-Denzemburo 6, 2026

NDW to the 22nd Kingdom—Mama!

DJIA YeBOSAA We will consider some of the three things the world is doing or those who don't serve God should take care of ourselves so that we don't be like them.

Be careful not to Be “the spirit of the World”

“What is in the whole world. . . He is not from the Father. ”—1 JHN 2:16.

Considering WIADzeE we live in, it is under the control of the devil. (John 14.30; 1 John 5:19) He was very close to the followers of Christ. (See. 12:12, 13, U.S. This doesn't mean that's where he was or something else. The Bible does not say anywhere as hunters or ghosts from within that power. But as it is, this is because, the spirit of the world is behind a lot of people working with it. (See. 12:9) Another reason why we are so sensitive to the spirit of the world is the spirit of the world that is in full force, because these spirit is anywhere. Most of the people are allowed in the world to call for their way, and others are not even aware that it is the one who leads them. ( Read 1 John 2:15, emphasiz Even if people who don't believe that there is a world where the spirit of the world leads them, it makes him happy. In a way, it is like that of the devil “who has arrested them and made them do what he wants. ”—2 Tim. 2.26.

2 In the past, most of us had the spirit of the world to teach us the spirit of, that is, we were like those who don't serve Jehovah. But, when we see how the spirit of the world allows people to treat their own things as follows someone, what did we do? We took advantage of what the Bible says and started to " Keep away from bad and bad.' (Tyitos 2:11, fight against this world is more powerful than us and it has drew many people after him. But despite all these, if we are able to live our lives with what the Bible teaches, then it means that we want to let Jehovah help us. (Jas. 4:7, Joys

1. How do people like him today? 1 John 2:15, men

2-3 (a) What is the difference between the spirit of the world and that of Jehovah’s servants? (b) For what reason do we need to guard ourselves?

26

The spirit of the world is like the wind, and it is easier to bring it into us.

(See section box.

In fact, Jehovah’s servants are very worthy of praise because they are determined never to let the spirit of the world lead them down to their own!

3 Despite all this, we need to be very careful so that we do not get into a situation. Because of the fallacy, we are in love with the attitude of those who don't serve him, and most of the time, we are learning from them. As we are talking about this for some who once made big changes in their lives so that they could serve Jehovah back in the past. (Eph. 6:11;Phil. In this lesson, we will consider some of the things we do that will help us not to allow the spirit of the world to affect us. But first, let's take a look at the following questions: When the Bible says "the spirit of the world" is, is it?—1 Cor. 2.12

When it comes to the word "WIADzeE

4 When the Bible speaks of the spirit of the world, it refers to the attitude and practices of those who do not serve him. And who is the object and character they show? They care only about themselves and their well being and it matters to them. Most of the time, they don't joke with the laws that deal with life. The saddest thing is that, looking at the world we live in, today most people are not aware of the mistakes of language and language. These people have put aside the will of the Creator and are doing “the will of the nations” —1 pet. 4:3.

5 One of the things that is used by the wicked to deceive you

4. When it comes to the spirit of the world, what is the meaning of the spirit of the world, and how does it affect people?

5. In what way has the spirit of the world become like the wind? (Ephesians 2:1, yam (See picture.)

September 2026 27

The spirit of the world is the greatest deity in the world. (See. 12:9) The spirit of the world is like the wind that the spirit of the world is like the wind. ( ReadEphesians 2:1, This management is very good! For wind, it is everywhere and we are always moving in. But if we keep a bad wind in us, it can affect our health. Similarly, the spirit of the world is as bad as a wind, when we jump into it, it can hurt us, that's, it can destroy our relationship with God. The spirit of the world can affect us in a variety of ways if we are not aware of it. Let's think about some of them, and consider how we're going to react so that we wouldn't get it.

Don't Don't Don't Keep KASAfi.

6 The Bible warned that in the days that followed, people would “be proud, be proud and have no arrangement with each other” that would not succeed. 2 Tim. 3,1-3) Today, as people speak, it is clear that the tone and tone of their communication is not as bad as it is. Sometimes we sit on TV or on the radio as simple news has turned into a fight, and check it out and even bring conflicts. Also when he went to a certain school, when the wife was painful his wife, the wife would also fire him to the husband, and that is how they used it to be their children. And also, they take it out of the mouth, it lies in the mouth of both old and young. (Eph. 5:3, however, if people talk like this, it shows that the world is in the spirit of the world and is teaching them the way.

7 As for our Christians, when we are standing in front of another person or when we are talking to him on the phone, we should always make our speech pleasant. (Jas. 1:26, 27) We may have a break up.

6. In what way does the spirit of the world affect people?

7. What will help us to know how our oral speech is?

Here are some of the following questions to examine how our oral speech is like: ‘When I am angry with someone who doesn’t know that I am one of Jehovah’s Witnesses, do I speak a native language? When you are talking to your siblings, do I talk painful things to them or am I communicating with them? My family too, do I submit to them? When they are talking about how I speak, how will they say it?'

8 If we see our oral language doing the same as those who don't listen to the language of those who don't listen to us, what exactly are we to do? We need to change as soon as possible. But, not only is our oral language to be taken care of, but we also need to remember something that David said. He said: “All that comes out of the person's mouth, it comes out of the heart, and these things are what takes the person out of the body. (Matt. 1518) As the words of Jesus show, our speech shows what is in our heart. That's why the Bible allows us to recognize some of the characteristics of a person like anger, a wicked heart, and a “fix” mother. (Eph. 4:31) If you see that some of these bad behaviors are disturbing you, ask for help from him to put on the “new character” so that it can become like a dress. ( Read Colossaresians 3:8-20.) It can also be researched in our schools to get more information that will help you. Be determined not to allow the attitude of those who do not serve God to destroy your speech.—Ph. 4:29.



9 Today, because the spirit of the world leads people, what he says is good and bad, it is not that they live with him at all. Many people think it's not wrong to eat.

8. If we see that we are learning how to speak the language of those who don't serve Jehovah, how will we react? (Colossiansa 3.8-10)

9. What do you say is good and bad, how do those who don't serve him treat them?

28th century . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

if you get pregnant, if you get married to a boy or girl, or if you get married to someone who is not married. (Isa. 5:20) So if we are not careful, we will get the impression of those who don't serve him. And slowly, our eyes will come to enjoy things that are not ours. 2 Cor. 11.3) In any case, we will start to think that those who are doing this are open-minded, and that the Bible is, in the past. But we know that all this is a lie! Because of what he says we should do, for our good. His ways are always better than ours, and his promises will never fail.—Isaa. 48:17, 18; 5:9.

10 Those who want to do what is right in the eyes of the one who loves him must follow the customs behind them. (Psym. 9:10) To help us follow the things that are taboo to God, we can ask ourselves: ‘I feel that his laws have bound me so that I can't live up to my desires. Am I happy with the things that I do that I don't like? I'm so sorry that you have changed some of the rules so I can do what I want?'

11 And what if you are scared to do something that you don't like? If this happens to him, don't say that you can never live by his laws. Remember, all of us are bad about ourselves, so we are just going to sin. (Psym. 50:5; 123:14) However, if you want to follow your bad desires and practice them, you will “be satisfied with your body.” (Eph. 2.3, too, keep in mind that bad things are not going through your mind. If there is any bad intentions in your head, remove them from your head as soon as possible and don't look at anything that is taboo from you. (Gen. Know:9, a woman thinks how dangerous it is to follow bad desires that can destroy life.

10. How do we know that we don't like things that don't belong to God?

11. What will help us to avoid things that don't belong to God?

in relation to him and others, that will make you determined not to let anything like this happen. (Eph. 5:5) Be assured that, too, Jehovah will help you to avoid bad deeds.

ourselves are being briefed by the owner of the UNTANEC.

12 Most of us use the Internet very well in our lives, so we cannot live without the internet. We even use it to do different things in our worship. But most of the things on the internet help us to identify ideas and values that go wrong. Today's sex video is not on the internet, and both adults and children can get it to look at it. People often use video and video games to enjoy sexual intercourse as well as sexual intercourse, especially with boys and girls. Also, many of the online news are false and others are also spreading the news and making it strange. On social media, you will know that places where people don't enjoy being, some road they moved, or something they like so much are always there. If we look at the video and video content on social media, it can make you think that, if we take a lot of time to relax, we don't even have a hard time working on it.—Hab. 10:24, 25

13 We need to be careful while online, because what you have can take a lot of time or make up our minds. To help us to be cautious, we can ask ourselves: ‘If I don’t have a particular lifestyle on the internet, how much time does it take to ride a chief?’ (Eph. 5:15, read 'What things am I looking at when I go on? When I take an unpleasant look at something, I take a look at it.

12. What happens to the online content of the mindset of those who don't serve him?

13 How do we know if we are using the Internet well?

September 2026 29

how fast do I take care of a little?' (Psym. sc 37) ‘I believe everything I see or read on it is very early, or am I patiently searching for the facts?’—Prominent. 1415.

14 To avoid studying someone who doesn't serve God, we need to reduce the spending of time online. Also, we should not look at anything that is not appropriate for a Christian. Parents who allow their children to access social media should not be abandoned just as they should be followed. (Eph. 6.4 Research has revealed that, young men and women who spent a lot of time on social media, they are often not happy, under stress, and it is very easy to be alone. If you apply the Bible's advice, you can stay away from the dangers on the internet.

Ibadium has made it very difficult for DJA

15 If you see the spirit of the world in you, do something faster. Let's take a look at what happened to * He was young and learned about God, but he made the name he would accept in the world to make his mind known. He said: “I wanted to be a cashier, so I began to raise a class.

* The names in this lesson have been changed.

14. How can you stay away from the dangers on the internet?

15 What are the benefits and benefits of being from Gloria's story? (See picture above.)

What can you do so that the spirit of the world doesn't show you the way? (See chapter 7

30

in, and after a short time, I was no longer happy with the service of our God,” he said. At some point, Gloria realized that she had made the spirit of the world known to her and had put these things in her eyes. What did he do about it? He said: “I spent a lot of time studying, and I used to joke with my prayers. All my friends who were not in service to God, separated them from each other. I am not rich now, but I am happy because my relationship with him is good. I am so happy to be able to stay safe from this world that I am being taught by Jehovah.

16 Let's take a closer look at Robert's story. While he was going to school, he didn't pick up his friends and took advantage of him to make fun of himself. At the end of the day, Robert was smoking, drinking, and sleeping with men. He said: “I used to feel that I could do whatever I wanted and that would make me happy. After that, he realized that the life he was making was not fun but that the world had made him very young. 2 pet. 2.19) What did he do? He said: “I have made many changes in my life. My friends are those who love you, and I have changed the way I dress.

16th century . What are the benefits and solutions from Robert's words?

Even my way of speaking. How does Robert feel now? She says, “every day, when I see how hard I am trying to please him, he makes me feel better, and the joy this gives him, I wouldn’t make him change anything. I wasn’t so happy with the life of my old age.

17 What will you discuss in this lesson? We will know that we are not supposed to let the spirit of the world lead us. What will help us to do this, we need to make ends meet, stay away from proverbs, and be careful as we use the Internet. The spirit of the world is very hard, but we should not be discouraged by this. You can fight against it and win. Because compared to the power of this wicked world that is available to him by the hands of the wicked, even if they do so, they have been thrown out. ( Read 1 John 4:4.) Also, you will be given divine spirit so that the spirit of this wicked world does not influence you. (Luke 11:13) Let us all be determined to continue to let God’s spirit lead us up so that we will not allow the spirit of the world to become known to us!— Gal. 5:16.

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . So why can you be sure that the spirit of the world cannot help you? 1 John 4:4

What is the meaning of this?

how will we react and learn how to speak the language of those who don't serve Jehovah?

What can we do to avoid the impression of those who don't serve God in public?

how should we treat those who don't serve God while using the Internet?

NDW ranked 144 We Be Faithful everyday

JEHO VA leaves the JEH VALD

September 2026 is Volta. 144, No. 10 FanE

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

What we are going to learn November 2-8 o 2

Be assured that Jehovah will protect You

What we are going to learn November 9-15 o 8

Learning From Our Hearts and Joyful to Jehovah

What we are going to learn November 16-22 14

We are preaching the good news in all the languages of the nations.

What we are going to learn November 23-29 is 20

The Story of Pastorizers shows that Jehovah loves Weeds.

What we are going to learn November 30# December 6-26

Be careful not to Be “the spirit of the World”

A bibule TU

“The peace of the Christ in the Measles of the Spirit”

Colossians 3:15 talks about the "Crist peace". What is the meaning of the word "Crist peace". What it means is the satisfaction one can have when one comes to be a student of Christ. What makes such a person’s heart broken is that, he knows that Jehovah loves him and his Son, and this makes him very sad.—John 14.23, 28.

The Christian congregation in Colossae is encouraged by the apostle Paul to let the peace of the Christ control in their hearts, or have not gained power over how they really are. And how would they decide to do this? The Greek word used by Paul to use meaning "to eat", they could use it to describe the Superee who played a game; based on his power, every decision he made, that's the same. Just like us, what we want for the peace of the Christ will teach us to do it, it's the same we have to do.

If there is no self-defense between one of our brothers, we need to let the peace of the 'Crist' guide us. If we do that, it will help us to know what we can do to promote peace and unity among our fellow people. But what we are going to teach us to do, even if we can do it, sometimes we will need to leave what we want or forgive our brother. If we do this, we are allowing the peace of the Christ to reign in our hearts.—Colon. 3:12-2014.

We are not going to sell this book. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People are willing to contribute towards helping. If you want to contribute this, please visit Donate. .org.

All the Bibles in this book are from the Holy Scriptures—The New World Translation, the Holy Scriptures and the Bible, instead of a other translation.

The Watch Tower (IS.0043-1087) September 2026 was released by the Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Ghana, House. J348-1, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. Watch Watch 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Pensylvania.

Go to jw.org or check this symbol.

JW.org ?

w26.09-faa