JEY 2026

JEHO VATH JEASTD

Adzesua: S?TECAST 7 "OCtober 4, 2026

September 7-13, 2026

Learn something from the Gabons.

NDW age eighty-eight Shows Me Your Roads

DJA JEBOSAA We will consider what we can learn from the Gabon people and what we can learn from how he treated them.

The Gabones settled with Israel, and settled among them.— JosH. 10:1

Before the birth of Jesus in 1473, the people of Israel started to fight over the Anlosba lands. Joseph helped them defeat Jerricho and Ai. But later, something unexpected happened to the people of Israel at all. Some people came to them, they were said to have come from afar and wanted to negotiate with them.

2 The people who came to the people of Israel, they were Gabons. This was the first time the Bible was talking about them. But later he went back to talk about them again. The Bible shows that the people of Gabon lived with the people of Israel for years. We can learn a lot from what the people of Gabon did. And their words will also help us to identify some beautiful aspects of our God, Jehovah.

GYE JEHO VALH

3 When the people of Israel got to the land of the Gold, they had seven different countries on which they had to fight and save the land. When they joined these countries, they were more numerous than the nation of Israel, and they were stronger than them. (Dout. 7:1-The people of Havifo were among the seven countries. There was a town in the Havi people's land called Gabon and residents were called Gabons. They had maintained their town and had a lot of army. (Josh. 10.2) The rest of the people of Kaduna were not willing to fight with the people of Israel. But the Gabon people realized that even if they fought with the people of Israel, they couldn't defeat them because they were fighting for them. They were well known.

1-202 What is the reason why we need to consider the situation of the Gabons? 3. (a) And didn't you drink with the Gabon? (b) why were the people told not to cooperate with each other?

2

The Gabons deceived Joshua into alliance with them (See Section.

for that he has promised the people of Israel that he will give them the land of the cadads. (Ex. 34:11; Joshua. 9.24) Because of this, when the people of Jerisco and Ai defeated them, the people of Gabon came to their minds. They called upon people ... to visit Joshua inGilgal and plead with him not to go together with them.

4 Read Joshua 7:8-13. The people of Gabon deliberately decided to leave and return. They said that they know that it was the King who killed the caucus of the people of the people of Egypt and also helped to defeat the two kings of the Amori which are called Simon and Og. He was sleeping.

* The men who were recruited by the people of Gabon to be associated with the people of Israel, some of them were from the same town of Gabon, and others were from Chefirah, Beeroth, and Keriath-jearim. They were all Havifo.—John. 917.

4. (a) As shown at Joshua 5:8-30, how did the people of Gabon come to their agreement with the people of Israel? (See picture above.) (b) When the people of Israel realized that the Gabons were deceiving them, what were the benefits?

The Gabons are very wise so they have not addressed the issue that had happened to Yericho and Ai. Because that news had just happened, so when they talked about it, the people of Israel would know that they are not coming from any distance. Joshua didn't share his views with the people of Israel on the matter, and they believed the Gabon people and entered into a peaceful relations with them. (Josh. Siblings after him, they soon realized that they were deceived by the people of Gabon. But any arrangement they made with them, they did not break it, because they used to use the name 'fashion' to communicate with them. (Josh. 7:16-19) The people of Israel stayed with the people of Gabon and told them that they would make them a “graver and hooves for the orphans, and a sacrifice to the Lord” throughout their lives.—John. 9.Despite this, he has been in prison for a long time.

5 When the five kings of the Amori people heard that the Giberon people had entered into a alliance with the people of Israel.

5. What did the Gabon people do to show their faith in Jehovah?

JEY 2026 3

They joined forces and went around the town of Gabon to fight with them. The Gabon people were shocked and urged Joshua to come to their aid. (Josh. Joshua and his followers thus helped the Gabon people to fight against their enemies. And with Jehovah's help they defeated them. In fact, King David killed many of the Amori army and made the sun stand in a place until the Israel was defeated by their enemies. (Josh. As the people of Gabon entered into the peace talks with the people, they believed that everything that Jehovah had said would come true. Also, when they were arrested and Joshua called for help, they believed that he could save them. This shows that the people of Gabon were very trusting in him.

6 What does this issue teach us about Jehovah? It shows that he is compassionate and compassionate. It was earlier that Jehovah had told the people of Israel to “ cut off all those living in the land of the cadad,” and it was with the Gabon people. (No. 33.51, 52) However, because of the peace arrangement with the people of Gabon, King David defeated the people of Gabon and made them settle with the people of Israel. Although the people of Israel did not discuss the issue with him before they entered into agreement with the Gabon people, however, they accepted the arrangement they made with them. Also, Joshua helped the people of Israel to follow any agreement they had made with the Gabon people and save them from their enemies.—John. See26; 11:19.

7 How can we learn from the Gabons? We must trust in him completely. As for us, we know him well better than the people of Gabon, and therefore we need to rely on him for all that we do. (Psym. 40:4, etc. also, some of the work people do not agree with, if we volunteered to do this for the sake of our worship of Jehovah, then it means that we are learning the people of Gabon. (Josh. 9.23, 27) A young man named Abena works at the branch office. And he said once an elderly brother who works at the branch did something and gave it a lot of pleasure. There were many opportunities for this brother at the branch office. But when they were building a Kingdom Hall and people were looking for people to visit, that brother committed suicide. Dwame said: “I have come to realize that he doesn’t care how I feel. But if I really smile at myself, it will become evident in how I feel about myself. Just like the Gabons did, if we lean on God when facing problems, we will prove our trust in him. Also if we trust in him, any role that will be given to us in the congregation will be worthy of us and done.

GYAA Biribi TUE JEH VA Ab ? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8 Years later, the Bible tells of what happened to the Gabon people in King Solomon's reign. King Saul decided to defeat all the Gabon people who were " seating in the cities of Israel and Judah". * Because of this he killed a lot of of them. 2 Sam. :2, 5. King Saul did not act at all. The peace alliance that the people had spent with the Gabons for years, was broken by Saul.

9 He indicated it before Joseph punish those who have killed the Gabon people. Just like it, that was so long that, until the death of Saul.

* The Bible does not say the exact cause of the violence against Saul. But some pregnant women think the reason why he did this is that he didn't like any strangers in the country.

6. What do we learn from how Jesus treated the people of Gabon?

7. How can we learn from the Gabons? (See picture above.)

8. What purpose did Saul play for the Gabon?

9. When did the bad news that was being used against the people of Gabon, how did he react to the situation?

4 WASS

Learn from the Gabons and all the work done to your congregation, submit and do it (See section 7

King David came to rule before making a decision on the issue. What he did was, he caused famine on the land for three years. And when David asked about the reason why the famine happened, he made it known that Saul and his family were guilty of blood loss because they had killed many Gabon people.—2 Sam. :1

10 Read 2 Samuel 5:3-6. David wanted to know what he could do to harm the Giberon King, so he spoke with them. And these Gabons would give David a lot of money so that they could make themselves rich? Also, they didn't do that, but they told David that they don't want it with silver or gold. And according to the law, if a person kills someone, they don't pay back the money, but they have to do some of it. (No. Also, they realized that they couldn't hand in the Law without killing anyone without the permission. So, at the end of it, David had seven of the men killed who were from the family of Saul. They might have been with Saul to kill the Gabons. Over a short period of time, the famine stopped and it revealed that, as a result, the situation became worse and worse.—2 Sam. :9, 10, 14.

11 What do these words show about Jehovah? He made it clear to us that he does not want to be a burden. (Psym. 28) He wants us to treat everyone well. Today, many people disrespect foreigners and others because of their race, people don't respect them. But as for us, he wants us to treat him well with all the people. For his servants who continue to rely on him and do their best, he has promised that future generations will bring the situation to an end. Also, just as it is expected that the Israel will fulfill the promise they made to the Gabons, so today it is also expected that we fulfill our promises.—Colossian 1:9

12 How can we learn from the Gabons? Even if our fellow Christians are being kind to us, we need to be patient and leave everything to Jehovah. If we do that, it means that we believed that in his due time, he will address the issue. High blood pressure.

10. As stated at 2 Samuel 5:3-6, what did the Gabon people do that meant they were following God's Law?

11. What do the words of the people of Gabon teach us about Jehovah?

12. If we were to be treated well, how would we be like the Gabons?

JEY 2026

5

Let's take a look at something which happened to Akyerɛbaa Laura French. In 1926 he started working at the Canada Bethel office. About ten years later, he was severely criticized. She was charged with sexual intercourse, so she was taken out of the hospital. What did the teacher do? Even though the news hurt him, it didn't make fun of anyone. Over the next four years, he married and joined the full-time preaching work. Then in 1950, he was called back to work at the world headquarters again. She was very happy, because she didn't expect it. After that, Akyerɛbaa French did the faithful service of Jehovah for 50 years until he finished his service on earth. Just like Akufo-baa French, if we are to be treated well, we must continue to be strong and patient until the day when the issue is settled.—Isa. 3,4

CREASTT

13 About 500 years after the death of King David, the Bible came back to tell about the Gabon people again. At that time, the Jews had gone into exile in proverbialism at the age of 70. And in 50,000 before the birth of Jesus, some of the people of the Jews and Ambrado Zerumbal came back to Jerulem. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Then, in 468 before the birth of Jesus, some also came with secretary Jera. (Ezra 7:1-7) All those who came back to Jerusa-lem with (Ezra 2:58; 7:7) And didn't you drink the neths? They were young children who worshipped at the temple but were not the Israel people, and many of them might have been the descendants of the Gabons.

13 And you didn't drink 'the neths', and what did they do when the people of the king got rid of the Europeans who took them to court?

14 Read 1 Article 9.2. The people of Yendi were among the first to return to their town. This shows that they had a strong belief, because some Europeans didn't even want to return to their homeland. The majority of the Ews were very successful in the country and were not willing to abandon all these things to start a new life in their town and help to return to their town. But some of them were among the Gabonic descendants who wanted to return to the city to the temple so that they could serve Yeho-vah. Although the project was not small, they went for a long time. Also, the people of Judah had land in Israel but the descendants of the Gabons, they had no property. But they returned to Israel and continued their work at the temple, assisting in the return of the city wall.—neh. 3:26.

15 What is this information about Yeho-vah? He made us realize that God's servants who love him and serve him with integrity, he loves them very much and gives them what they need at all times. From the time that Joseph saved the Gabon people to the time when the people of Israel came out of exile in the country, they had lived with the people of Israel for almost 1,000 years and continue to be blessed by Jehovah. For example, when the people of the king of Judah destroyed the king of Judah in the year 607 before the birth of the King of Joseph, Joseph saved the descendants of the Gabon. Also, when the people of Israel returned to their town, it made the Gabonians continue to work with the Europeans in the temple. Some of them might even have lived near the temple. (Ezra 2:70; Neh. 11.21) Also,

14. What did the Gabon people do to prove their love and loyalty to JE-hovah? 1 Migraine 9.2

15 What do the words of the people of Gabon teach us about Jehovah?

6 WASS:

because the people of Gabon were working in the temple, they were not allowed to pay back taxes or taxes imposed on the people of Israel.—Ezra 7:24.

16 How can we learn from the Gabons? We should do all we can to serve him and help others to do that. Sometimes this will require some changes in our lives. But because we love him and want to please him, we do that with joy. This is what happened to a brother in the Philippines called Alwin. She was working in a business district and the salary was very good. But he wanted to spend more time in service to Jehovah. So whenever a regional overseer was to come and serve their congregation, Alwin took a break in the work so that he could have plenty of time to go out in the ministry that week. This made him very happy. At some point, he wanted to be a regular farmer. So he discussed this issue very well and decided to stop his work and apply for a job that could enable him to spend more time in the ministry. Alwin knew that getting a job wouldn't make him more money, but it could help him in the pioneer work. So he was very happy when he found a job like this. After that, her wife also served as a regular pioneer and, along with her wife, was able to help 21 people to serve Jehovah. We are sure that Jehovah is very impressed with the efforts of these couples to serve him. Just like us, we can be confident that whatever changes we do in order to serve Jehovah full-time, he is pleased with us. And if we do that too, he will give us everything we need.—Matthew. In view of how God has provided comfort to his people, the one who trust in him is the one who trusts in him.

17 The way in which he was treated with the people of Gabon shows us some beautiful characteristics of him. He made us realize that he is compassionate, compassionate, compassionate and truthful. Also, his servants who love him and serve him with loyalty, he bless them and gives them everything they need. In view of that, we can learn a lot from the story of the Gabon people. One of these is that if we trust in him so well, when something happen to our heartbroken, we rely on him. Also, if we trust in him, for every role that will be given in the congregation, we will behave and do our own. If we are treated well with him, we will let everything be for him and he will wait patiently for him, because we are confident that he will do it in his due time. Furthermore, we will do all we can to serve Jehovah with loyalty. If we do that, it means that we are following the Bibeons.

16th century . How can we learn from the Gabons?

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . What do we learn from the story of the Gabon people?

What is the meaning of this?

how can we express our faith in and trust in him as we do in the government of Gabon?

If we were to be treated well, how would we be like the Gabons?

how can we continue to be as faithful to Jehovah as the Gabons are?

NDW to 1948 JE is the Saviourist.

September 14-20, 2026

NDW we are going to wait for Samuel to give up.

DJIA YEBOSAA If we are sad or sad, and if we read and think about the Bible books, it can console us.

The Bible can console you.

As the Lord says: As he comforts his mother, so I will comfort her.’—ISa. 62:12, 13

FA Foos that a little child is crying because her mother blood has flowed to the town, or some of her possessions have disappeared. What would his mother do if he came like this? A person who will collect and wants something to say to him will stop crying.

2 The Bible tells us that Jehovah is like a mother to comfort her baby who loves him. “As a comforter to the mother I will comfort her,” said Joseph. (Isa. 68:13) Jehovah loves us even more than our parents do. (Isa. Know:15) When we are saddened or suffering, through his word the Bible, he strengthens and strengthens us.—Romans. 15,4.

3 A lot of words from the Bible book can be a source of comfort to us. (Isa. 40:1- When things became severe for his servants who lived in Judah, he gave them the letter of encouragement he wrote to them. We too, 'the times in which we live are hard and painful,' so we need comfort. 2 Tim. 3.1- Let's look at some of the words in the Bible book that can console and encourage us as our lives have changed once more, 2. We are still worried about some of the bad things that have happened in the past, or (3) some of our loved ones have died as a result of grief.



4 We can change our attitude once in a while. (Psalm. 911; 1 Cor. 7:31) Some diseases can affect us financially, our finances.

1-202 If we are sad, what is it that Jehovah does for us?

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

4. When something happens to change our life once in a while, how can we feel it?

8

can be disturbing, or political, in the area where we live. But the project that has been entrusted to our service to our God for us can change. If that happens, it can make us feel uncomfortable or even baffle. So we will ask ourselves: ‘How will I be now?' A brother named Joseph served for almost 17 years in Beth-el but later was asked to return to being a regular farmer. He stated: “I had worked at the branch for a long time, so I became nervous. You didn’t even know where I was going from. If something happens to change your life once in a while, what is the hope that Jehovah is giving you through a solution?

5 Read Article 42:16. If we feel that all our world is in our dark and nowhere to go, we have a promise from him.

5. What is the trust that Jehovah has given us at 42:16? (See picture above.)

lead us and will lead the dark in the first place. If our life changes once and for all without knowing what will happen to us, it would be like blind or in a way we do not know. Or it would be like we are in a dark place or we are in a rheumatized manner. There is also a feeling that through a forest we don't know where to put our heads. But God has assured us that no matter what happens in our lives, he will show us the way, and he will not escort us every day. He said that he has washed our hands and has shown us the way through the dark and it has made our way smooth. And on the road that is twisted, it will stretch all of them. What is the cause of jaundice? He did so through his word the Bible and guidance from his organization. (Psym. Founique; Isa. 30:21) Also, it takes the support of our fellow Christians and others to support us. That's why something happens to us.

Even if your life changes once in a while, you will not be abandoned for days (See Section.

"If I were in the wrong way, I wouldn't praise you."

We can be sure that there is someone for us if we do not know where we are from. Because we know that he loves and understands us.— Isa. :10; 1 pet. 5:6, 7.

6 The incident of Joseph who was mentioned earlier shows what happened to him and his wife when they left the United Kingdom. He stated: “When we left the world, we saw the hand of Jehovah in our lives. He also helped us through our fellow Christians. Also, everything we need in life, we got it from God. But with hope, it gave us a lot of pleasure. You never leave us with him,” he said. Also, if your life changes once and for all so difficult things, be sure that you will be guided and strengthened by Jehovah. (Isa. Rich:10; 58:11) Joseph also said: “I am very impressed with the words of one of our songs. He said, 'Taking news doesn't make you realize, but I know it's not safe. ... It is true, some things won't happen as we expected. But we have to remember that whatever happens in every life, it is with us that he will help us.

VALRating AGAINS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

7 If we commit a serious sin and talk about it to the elders, they will support us because they love us so they will help us. After that, we do our best not to go back to doing that bad thing. (Proverbs. 2813; Jas. 5:14-ound 1 John 1:9) However, despite the fact that God has forgive all of us, some of us with conscience.

* These words come from one of the songs that are not from our music books. The name has been called "I am the King of Jehovah".

6. If our lives change once in a while, what hope can we get?

7. How do some people feel about the sins they committed in the past?

we will continue to be found guilty. One we would say: 'As for this sin I did, I don't believe in it when it is given to me by Jehovah.' 2 Cor. 2.7) If we feel that way, because our sins we have committed can be delayed and they can become difficult for us to get rid of. When King David did wrong, he said: “I am not in my shoes because of my sin. He also said: “I have bought slaves and I have broken up. (Psym. SS:3, do you care about some sins that have happened in the past? If this were so, that book would be of great help to you.

8 Read Article 1:18. A good example was used by Jehovah to explain how he has succumbed our sins to the full. He said that, even if our sins are 'even as serious', it would make it ' white as snow. We know whether a tiger or a hen is something that is difficult to uproot. But God has assured us that if he forgives us, he will forgive us completely, he will never remember again.

9 Let's take a look at the story of King David. Although he committed adultery and he committed suicide, but he was given a share of guilt and subsequently identified it with all his heart. 2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Akee. In view of David's integrity, he focused on David and not on the bad he had done. Just like us, if we commit a sin and change our heart, it will be given to us by Jehovah. And this will help us to continue to serve him with good consciences. What further comforting news is in the Bible book of July that can help us when there is a past sin that we are still suffering from?

8-9. How does the words at Article 1:18 help us to know how to forgive?

10 WASS:

“I have lost all my sins behind you”

Without focusing on the bad things that have happened in the past (See

Don't allow a bad childhood to rob you of the joy that comes from serving Jehovah.

10 Read Article38:17. The statement that is, "You have lost all my sins" can also be translated 'You have made all my sins out of your eyes. This incident made it clear that if the person who has committed the sins committed, God would punish that person behind him and not see or think about it again. Another research book says that, you can translate this saying: “I have been born with a bad character like I have never done bad deeds. So if you forgive us, in his presence, it is as though we have never sin. He will never again talk about it and never punish us for it again. In other words, he completely wiped out that bad. He assured us that “he will not punish us with evil. (Isa. 43:25) Don't you know if this comforting news affects the heart? If you, our Supreme Judge, don't even disturb us with the bad memories we have made in the past, what is the reason for this?

11 If we are at the point where there is any sin we have committed, we need to remember the trust that Jehovah has given us. He tells us that if he forgives, he will forgive. So, we will never be separated from others because of a bad act we made in the past. Nor was he as human as the person that we are angry with him. (Isa. 52:16) But the most important thing we are doing now is the effort we are trying to please him. (Isa. 5:7) Our God whom we serve loves and gives us true love and apology. For this reason

10. What is the comforting news he has at GH38:17?

11. Even if we have done something wrong in the past, why is it so important for you to pay attention to it? (See picture above.)

JEY 2026 11

“The dead will live”

The hope we need to get to know our loved ones again is sure to happen (See Section.

We should not let a sin we have committed in the past to misuse the joy we show for serve him or stop serve him for a future blessing.

A BREASTD? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

12 When a loved one dies, we are so overcome by sorrow that we just do nothing but fail and we can also feel pain for it for a long time. One we would not understand as God has been so careful that our loved one dies. Let's take a look at a story that happened to a brother named Michael. Fire burns his parents and they died. He stated: “The news hurt me a lot and I was angry with him for making my parents die. I know it's not that he killed them, but it doesn't take long to let it happen. You have always felt that way. When a loved one dies, what is it that Jehovah does to comfort and near you and give you hope?

13 Read more guinea fowl. He has promised to “be like death forever.” It is assumed that there is a world where no one lives without death. None of your relatives will die and be devastated by it. (Isa. 35:10) Also, the elephant is looking for a place where you were bury and you are deeply saddened. Instead, it is expected that you and your loved ones will live forever and never get sick again. This story is not false, but it is a promise from God himself to us. Only he can fulfill such promises.—Ph. :4, 5.

14 Read this book for 19th. We know that Yeho-vah will eliminate death and will also bring our loved ones who have died back to life. Diabetes

12. When a loved one dies, how can we feel it?

13 For what purpose has he commanded us in the wilderness? 14. When you think about the worm, how does it feel? (Isiaaa 4219) (See picture.)

12

Let's take a look at what he said about the dead. He said: “My stomach is going to be swollen. This shows that if they belong to him, he remembered them all. So if it is too tight, he will wake them up. Just like the rain in the morning and bring a dead tree back to life, so the God of our lives will bring back our loved ones who have died and restore them to life again. She took it for granted that you have raised your loved ones who have died and welcomed them, do you know that he would be very happy?—Coloss Mark 5:42.

15 Even though the promise that God has promised to give back to our loved ones who have died does not hold back the sorrow we are suffering now, we know that Jehovah has not forgotten them and that consoles us. This symbol consoled Michael who was mentioned earlier. He stated: “The story of Ewah rera19 has helped me to realize that my parents are very close to him. I know that he has forgotten them and will keep them until he wakes them up in the future. This news is very comforting and encouraging. Let us continue to think about the vision we need to get to know our loved ones who have died again. If we do that, it can help us to cope with the pain we are suffering now.

16 We are learning how some of the news in the guinea fowl's book can console us as our lives have changed once and for all, when there is still a past sin that is still disturbing us when some of our loved ones die and we are mourning. We are very grateful that through his word he comforts us and strengthens our hearts. (Psym. 95:19) When you pass through a problem, do you have a particular text that consoles you? If so, that used to mean that text to your head. It can also be written or written in a place where you can easily find it. We are confident that the words from our beloved Father, Jehovah, will continue to console you.

16th century . When you pass through a problem, where are you from the text to comfort you?

15 What role do our immune system play in the death of a loved one?

?The letter is being signed by a married couple who were working at the branch, and the local elders are happy to extend to them. page 5: A brother is at the Volta Ministry School, and he is excited. He doesn't care about the bad things that have happened in the past.

AfterwardS BEGAN BEGAN . . .

What is your name 42:16?

What exactly is 1:18 to38:17?

Are you married to eight or 19?

NDW figure 3

Our Energy, Our Yendido Antotoso

September 21- 27, 2026

Do you know him well?

“ Know your Father, and serve him with a complete heart.

—1 Berr. 28.9

NDW figure 12

Thank you, God Almighty.

Dzia YEBOSAA

If someone is said to know someone well, we will consider what it means is the reason why we should get to know him well is how we can do that.

Our God is aware of everything, he is more intelligent than everyone else and his works too. When we think about our Creator, he makes us feel better. For this reason you will also take to heart the words of the apostle Paul: “See how God loves his riches and wisdom and knowledge! We will never be able to delve into his judgment, and his ways will always be in our understanding.—Romans. 11:po, 34.

2 We cannot know anything about him, but we can know him well. King David said to his son Solomon: " Know your God, and serve him with a complete heart: if you search for him, he will let you know him.' 1 Mtam. 28.9 years later, the apostle John told his fellow Christians that, 'we have been given insight into how we know that he is truthful.' According to 1 John 5:20), Jesus himself said, "every one who wants to know better will be made known to him by the Son."—Matthew. 11:27.

3 All of us who are dedicated to God, we already know a lot about him but we cannot learn about him yet. (John 173; see the explanation about it.) What we do to make him happy is that we are determined to lean on him day by day, we can learn something about him. That's why if we have been in the congregation for a long time, if we have just come in, let's discuss three questions and it will help us to get to know Jehovah better: When someone is said to know him well, what's it? far-fetched

1. When we think about the knowledge of God, how does his wisdom make us feel?

2. What causes us to know that we can get to know Jehovah better?

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

14

why should we get to know him well? And how can we get to know him well?

When it is said that or what is known about JEH VALH? , what does it mean?

4 Looking at what Jehovah has said about the return of the people of Judah from the country of Judah to their town, he gives us insight into what will help us to get to know him better. “I will give them their heart to see me with it,” said Jehovah. (Jer. op7) But if they could get to know him well, they had to serve him with all their heart. One research book states: “If a person knows the word of God, he or she just doesn't mean that he/she knows him well. There are differences in that. It is like someone who has read the story of love and fell in love with someone who has lost someone. That's why we don't know that there is a God whose name is Asamoah's, but we really need to know how it is.

5 If we get to know him well, he will let us know what he wants and what he doesn't. Let's take a look at the story of King Josiah. The Bible states: “In his reign the age of eighteen year, when he was still young, he started searching for his father David's God behind him. 2 Timber. 34:3) Asamoah not only learned about God but lived by what he learned. As a result of constipation, Josiah “was judging and did what was right and treated the poor and the poor with respect to them,” said David. Then Joseph asked, ' isn't this how someone knows me?'—Jer. ge 15th, 16th.

6 Read Mt. 9. . . . . . . . . . When we see him

well, he will give us all hope in him. The apostle Paul found this to be true. While he was imprisoned for almost killing him, he wrote: “I am not blind. Because I know the one I trust in. 2 Tim. 1:12) As a result of what he had learned about God, he was able to put full trust in him. This shows that Paul was confident that Jehovah will not forget his faithful service to him. And he believed that if he dies, I will bring him back to life again.

But what exactly are the reasons why we need to go get married?

7 When we began to learn about God, we realized a lot about him. But if we have served him for a long time, we wouldn't expect him to turn to us for study as we had done before. What factors can contribute to this? When we are reading the Bible or going to study, how we will live our lives is the way we will use it to help others, not only will we focus on it. If we do that, it's all right because the Bible also advised us to do so. 2 Tim. 3:16, our King's Bible also gives us insight into many things about him. (Psym. That's why, when we are reading the Bible, it's not how it will affect us and how we can use it to help others alone and that we need to care about it. But we can also ask ourselves, 'What am I reading, what is it that shows me about the God of Jehovah? ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ku nku ku nku ya ya ya ya ya ku nku ku nku nku nku nku nku nkupa

4. Of what benefit is it to help us get to know Jehovah better?

5. The story of King Josiah shows that if we want to get to know him well, what should we do?

6. As shown at song 5:10, how will you react if we get to know more about him?

* Look for the New World Translation with meaning the theme "Dza in God's word," the 20th sentence.

7. If we have served Jehovah for a long time, what could happen?

VALY 2026 15

8 If we get to know him well, he will strengthen our relationship with him. For example, when we read the Bible every day, we watch a JW Broadcasting program or attend a meeting, we see that we are close to our Father. What are the benefits? Because he makes us learn a lot about him and this encourages our heart to praise him and thank him. This makes us feel like the musician Asaph. She thinks about how much he loved her and said: “ God is my strength and my might forever. ( ReadPsalm 73:24-28.) If we try to get to know him well, we will show him that our relationship with him is very precious and we will not completely abandoned him.

9 The Bible advised us to “put Jehovah in every way. This means to think about the things we know about him, and to keep in mind how important our life is to him. If we do that, it will make him make the right decision. (Proverbs. In view of how, for example, what some brothers do shows that they are concerned about their partner is that, they put a picture of their partner on their desks in their work. Others keep it in their buckets or place it on their phones. This made them think about their partner every day and make them feel better about themselves and do things that will make their partner happy. Just like us, if we keep thinking about him, he will prove that he is very important to us and will make decisions that will make him happy.—Psalm. 19.13, 14.

10 Jehovah created us in his own image, so we can be like him. (Gen. 1:26) As we continue to learn about God, we will be greatly helped to learn more about him. During the reign of Jesus, the writers and the Pharasees were not like him. They were well known to the Law, but 'the essence of the Law, like justice, pity and integrity, was not respected,' so Jesus looked at them seriously. (Matt. br23) We should not be like the writers and the Pharaseeses, but ours, when we read the Bible, we should pay attention to some of the characteristics of the Bible. If we do that, it will help us to be more like him.—1 John 4:8, 11.



11 Where did you first tell you about God? Some of your parents are Adase people, so they used the Bible to teach you about God's qualities, and they made it known that his creations also teach us how real he is. Or you may have learnt the Bible from one of Jehovah’s Witnesses. There is always joy in learning with you! by the book, he discussed some of the Bibles to get to know the beautiful characteristics of God, and it helped you to know how much he has also created it so that we can know him well. (Neh. 8:8; Andw. 14,17) Regardless of how any of us may know the truth, let us consider how we will continue to learn about him.

12 One of the earliest things that can help us.

* See I can always be happy! The book's study is against 87 point 5.7.

8. If we get to know him well, how will he feel about the relationship we have with him? (Psalm 73:24-28)

9. If we are to “put Jehovah in our ways,” how will he help us make the right decision? Take an example.

10. If we continue to learn about God, how will he help us to do it?

11. How did you get to know Jehovah?

12-13. How can we know the character of Jehovah after reading a Bible news? Share an example. (See picture above in front of the Kingdom.)

16

Think about what he has created, and it will help you to know him better (See section 7

getting to know him well is that we will continue to study his Bible. The Bible sometimes refers to specific aspects of God’s personality. (Ex. For the most part, he tells about the events that occurred in some people's lives and the decisions they made. When we read such news, we need to patiently think and consider what can help us know about Jehovah.

13 He made an example of this: Take that to read Jeremerah38:6-13, he saw what an Ethiopiaian called Eed-Addo did to help the researcher Jerah. Ededzech had a great courage and loved his brothers who serve him with him, so he was ready to risk his life for them. So don't look at it that's the first one to turn your attention and see how it's going to turn out for the lesson. But can we learn something about him from this? ( Read Jeremiah :15-18.) What is the point of this text that shows that if someone loves someone who knows the meaning of God, he treat him well and not shameless? What other character has he seen in this issue? Whenever you read a section of the Bible, try to see if you see some of the characteristics of God. When you see some of them, thank you and praise him for helping you to get to know him better.

14 The second factor that can help us to get to know Jehovah better is that we think about his creation. (Psym. 144:9, thank God but this does not mean that just looking at creation, it will make us very better to know him. Some people have spent their whole day studying the works that he has created, but they still don't even believe that there is a God and that they have seen the qualities he has. The apostle Paul wrote that God “will be seen clearly with the works that are not seen since the beginning of the creation of the world. Because they see it through the things he has done.” (Rom. 1:20) A Bible definition of this word is that, “when someone thinks too much, it can help him to see things from a distance.

14. What is the reason why we need to take the time to think about our universe?

JEY 2026 17

God's character. That's why we need to take the time to examine and think about what our Creator has created and it will help us get to know him better.

15 Most of us live in urban areas because of the various things that have happened to him by the time, we do not know. Even in urban areas, you can learn about him from something he has built. Let's take a look at what a brother called He lives in a large city in the Republic of the Congo called Braenzaville. He said: “I will always stand in my house knowing that I am looking at the works of the Lord. I usually see small animals like fish or birds that are looking for food or where to go to sleep. At times, I have noticed that some birds are trying to get married so that they can find a place to hunt their children. From then on, they used to collect the materials they needed to make their nests. indicating not just what the birds were doing, but he thought about the Creator for a long time. He continued: “I realized that Jehovah is very concerned about his creations. Even microorganisms that look down on them don't even look down on them, he thinks about them. This assured me that Jehovah is very concerned for me, so whatever I need in life, he will never let me down.

16 The third factor that can help us to get to know Jehovah better is to think about what he has done for us now. Something like how Jesus' mother Mary did it. When we look at his story, we see that he already knows Eho-vah well, and he was, "will have had his favor."

15 What is Patrick that helps him to get to know him better, and what can you do to be an imbecile to him? (See picture above.)

16th century . What was it that helped Jesus' mother Mary to get to know her mother well, and how can we learn from her? (See picture above.)

If you think about what Jehovah has done for you, it will help you to know him better (See section 7

18 WASS:

even.' (Luke 1:30) But King David entrusted him with a very important job. That was because she was the one who would give birth to God's own son. This project was not a small project. So Joseph took Gabriel and Mary's family called Elizabeth and strengthened Mary and touched her heart. Subsequently, he thought about the incidence of his life and what the hunter and Elizabeth told him. This also gave the one who is associated with the power of God, he is compassionate, compassionate, and compassionate, and even to those whom people consider to be easy-going, he values them with respect. (Luke 1:46-55) Mary realized that she had done something to her very well, so she appreciated it. Just like us, if we see that Jehovah has helped us in our “deep need,” we should be grateful for it. (Heb. 4:16) If you have ever been helped by someone like this, ask yourself: ‘What has Jehovah done for me, what has he made me know about him? Of whose character do I know this?'

JEUNN SuA JEHO VAH

17 We will learn more about God in the new world. He will give us a piece of books he'll let us know what he wants us to do.

17-30. So why can't we ever learn about God?

(See. Jo12) At that time, we will have an opportunity to learn more about the various things that have been revealed to us for a long time. (Isa. 11.6-9) Also, we will know a lot more about him. He will bring back to life our loved ones who have died and will help us gradually to become without sin. All these will help us to get to know Jehovah better.

18 For him, we can never finish learning about him. Because he lives forever, " His explanation doesn't make sense." (Psym. 90:2; 144:5) The Bible explains that “we cannot know the work that God has made from beginning to end.” (Psalm. 3:11) Because of this, if we have been in the truth for a long time, if we are in the right time, don't let all of us take advantage of every opportunity to learn more about our Father who loves us so much.

Before the government of this rite: Eed-Addo removes Eemerah from a well, and this shows that he was very brave. On page 1, one of the brothers is thinking about how Joseph helped him to handle his responsibilities during the central week of the week's meeting. It wasn't easy for him because he was speaking to people in public, he was heartbroken.

What is the meaning of this?

What does it mean to know someone who knows God?

What is the reason why we need to continue to get to know him well?

How can we get to know him well?

NDW is 28 May Yaa Ya will take his friend.

September 28 "OCtober 4, 2026

NDW age 87 helps The People to Be Building.

Dzia JEBOSAA We will consider how you can build up your Bible student to know more about him, his attitude, his likes, his likes.

helps Others to Know Jehovah

"To succeed in a world that is not yet over, one must know the birth which is the only true God. ”—GHN 173.

How does a Bible student feel when he starts to study and begin to make a speech? But what if he has informed people about what he is learning so well that he decided to specialize in it for the sake of our God, as well? In fact, it makes you very happy. But we well know that Jehovah is the one who helps our student to develop that kind of growth and not our own strength. So when we see that one of our Bible students progresses in his service to Jehovah, we praise him for it.—1 Cor. 3,5-9; 3 John 3, 4.

2 The Bible explains that God " wants to save all peoples and to come to an accurate knowledge of the truth." ( Read 1 Timothy 2:3, Color Ewe wants to be recognized, and what he has decided to do for all things, he wants people to hear about it. (Jer. 9.24) If we can find this, we need to know more about it. What is the meaning of being called a person with the knowledge of God? This doesn't just mean that the person knows a lot about God. But, as a Bible professor explained, he means that “the person gives divine guidance in his life. That's why if a Bible student comes to know him, he lives with what he knows about him and this gives him the hope that he can “ Live forever” in the future.—John 173.

3 Jehovah has given us a unique job. He said we should help people to see him. In this lesson, we will discuss the following questions: What is the purpose of the Bible?

1. When you see a Bible student develop, how does he feel?

2. What do you want Bible students to do? 1 Timothy 2:3, thank you

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

20

Do students get to know him well? How can we help them to know how Jehovah is like him? Then, how can we help them live their lives with the things they are learning?

PHYS PHYSERASTE JEHO VAH YEE

4 Jesus said that the most important thing for us is that someone loves him with all his heart, soul, mind and strength. ( Read Mark 12:30.) To build a Bible student's love for Jehovah, he needs to first come to know him well. That love is the reason why it has to be a blessing to our King not because he loves us so much or loves us so much. That's why, when we are studying the Bible with someone, the most important thing to keep in mind is to help him to know and love the Bible.

5 If you love someone who listens to you. That's why if your Bible student comes to know and loves him, he will be heartbroken to listen to you. Jesus said: “ Father has commanded me to do it on my own, that is what I am doing, so that the world will know that I love the Father.” (John 14.31) As well as our Bible students, if they love him more than anything in their life, what he will say they will do and never let themselves be separated from him.—1 John 5:3.

6 If a Bible student gets to know him well, it will not be too hard for him to make the right decision. A mother gives us an example: If a person wants to study driving, it doesn't mean that he has not read the traffic law or stared at how the car was built and realized it. But it has to be a mother-in-law.

After sitting in the park, he knocked down the car on the way. If so, you will know some situations on the way and know what to do in each of them, and you will soon know how to drive very well. Just like our Bible student, when he is studying the Bible, he just doesn't know about it. Instead, if he use what he learns to live his life and see the benefits of it, then he will get to know more about Jehovah. Then, if he continues to learn more about God and see how much the Father is helping him in life, he will help him to make the right decision.

7 Joseph was so well known to him that when his wife potassiumar did the same thing to sleep with him, he ran away. When Joseph was young, he heard about Adam and Eve and Abraham and Asamoah. (Gen. 2.24; 203, ie so it is possible that Joseph was aware of his sexual encounters with marriage. Joseph was well known to him so when his wife said that he was married to her, he refused to do it but said to him: “How can I commit this great sin, and sin against God? (Gen. Know:70.00 Joseph was aware of what he wanted from God and what he did not want. She didn't want to make him sad, so she made the right decision. We too, if we help our Bible students to get to know him better and know what he wants and what he doesn't want, he will help them to make the right decision.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

8 How can you help a Bible student to know how Jehovah is like him? When Joseph wanted to see how it happened to him, he asked him over 50 questions. ( Job38:1 +41: 34) So, when we are studying with our Bible students, we need to use questions. When it is time to go for a meal.

4. Looking at the words of Mark 12:30, what should we keep it to mind while studying the Bible with someone?

5. If a Bible student loves you, how will he do it?

6. If a Bible student gets to know him well, how will you help him to make the right decision? Take an example.

7. How did Joseph’s knowledge of Jehovah help him to make the right decision?

8. How can I get joy everyday? What is the Bible? has helped a student to get to know more about it?

JEY 202621

Thoughts That We May Be Strong in Teaching?

Looking at Ikoko ya ya yams everyday! In the Bible, you will know that there are many questions that can help your Bible students to get to know Jehovah better. Here is a list of the following:

"How do you know those who speak the good news? " (learning age)

“When you look at what you have learnt about him and John, when they are judging [ at Amagedon], what exactly will they do, or will you greet him? What is the purpose of saying such a thing? (learning 33)

“How does it feel to be wise and listen to the word of Jehovah? What is the purpose of this ? (learning 34)

“How would you feel if we married someone who doesn’t love God? ( 42nd lesson)

What is the benefits of this text that allows us to know that if you forgive, then will you really forgive it? (learning fifty-six)

“How is it that the way in which you deal with sinners shows you that you are compassionate, understanding and love us? (57 lesson)

It's in Ikoko that you can always have joy! The Bible students can learn a lot about him and know how it is. (See the box entitled “Sensitizing One to Be Joyful.) So do ask those questions to your student, and he will help him to know how real he is to you.

9 When we start Bible studies with people, we should encourage them to read the Bible every day. *How can we help them to get the best out of their Bible reading? We can make it known that, when you finish reading a Bible article, you can think about the meaning of what was written in that news is some of the characteristics of the Bible which are revealed in that issue. Something like this was done by the student James. When he was talking about Jos, he didn't only look up to the challenges he faced. But he also mentioned the behavior of the one who created it. He said that Yeho-vah has "embarrass and pity. su— Read James 5:11.

10 We want to help our Bible students to know how Bible principles can help them to know what is right and what is wrong. To example, imagine that your Bible student has looked up at the section called "Be Literacy Bible Reading' at Ikoto Enya Joy everyday! in the room, he wanted to read about the incident when they went to bed with him. On one hand, you can say to him that, after he has read it, he can ask himself: 'because of what?

* See what it would be like to be a part of Ikoto ya ya yam everyday! The district study is against the 2018 study. He says: “use the card which is called the Bible Read Ase', and start reading the Bible every day.

9-10. (a) What purpose will help our Bible students to benefit from their Bible reading? (James 5:11) If we read something from the Bible, how will we know what he wants is not what he wants? Share an example.

Know that if you read a Bible text you do not understand, then think about what you know about him and help him (See section 12-13)

and did you save Daniel? What does this issue mean to me about what I want from God?' (Dan. On the other hand, he might ask: ‘When did the men who spoke against David break up? What does this mean for me that I don’t like what I don’t like?’ (Dan. After being done, he can ask himself, ‘How can I know this about Jehovah?’—Dan. 6:26, 27

11 When a Bible student comes to realize that what he is learning has helped him in his life, it makes us very happy. But we need to let you know that all you are learning is from our Teacher Kumasi-Addo. (Isa. On the other hand, sometimes a student will praise us or tell us that he is genuinely interested in how we teach him. In view of that, if someone does something and is praised, it's all right. But we need to let him know that if he has a piece of land, he should give it to him and not to one of us.

11. How can we help a Bible student to realize that what we are learning from him is from Jehovah?

The contribution of the DIA OTUsuA has been made known to the people of BRA.

12 If a Bible student can benefit from what he is learning, he will live by it. How can you help the person who is learning to apply what you're learning? First, if you read something in the Bible and you do not understand something that was done by Jehovah, help him to think about what he already knows about him. He used it to say that your student has read something about how Jehovah has judge, and he does not know the reason why some of his deaths and others caused him not to do anything to them. How can you help the animal to understand?

13 You can encourage him to think about what he already knows about Jehovah. He can ask himself such questions as: 'How do you treat life?' 2 pet. 3.9) Despite being full of sin, what has he done to save us? (Eph. 2.4, try and see, you are going to wait for it.

12-13. If a Bible student gets to know him well, how will he benefit from reading a Bible news that he does not understand? (See picture above.)

JEY 2026-23

has someone done nothing wrong? Or if a person is supposed to be a punishment, will he or she be responsible for it? (Ex. In view of some statements, the Bible does not intentionally explain why we do not understand the meaning of what he did in a way. But we do not need this explanation, because we believe in our God whom we worship, and we know that he is always too tall.

14 Let's consider another way in which your student can apply what he's learning. Let's assume that your student is starting to come to class and realize that he doesn't meet with a brother. One of the brothers has done something very stressful. If so, help your student to identify his fellow Christians as that is how Jehovah sees them. He might ask himself, ‘Why has Jehovah sacrificed it for the sake of love of our brothers? (John 3:16) Joseph saw a single person.

14. How can you help a student when he realizes that he doesn't meet with a brother?

help your Bible student to make decisions that will make him happy (See section 15-16)

how are we together? (Psym. 133:1) When you see that we are trying to maintain unity in the congregation, how does he feel? 2 Cor. Try to help your student to realize that,he should focus on the qualities of others and not their mistakes. And if it happens that way it will make him happy.

15 Another thing you can do is help your student to make good decisions about him or her. Take it for granted that your student wants to make a decision. One who will pay close attention first to Ikoto ya ya happy everyday! The 35th of the book's final lesson is, "What Makes a Good decision? the head. But, let's take it for granted that your student has reached the point and has done all the necessary research, but still it is difficult for him to make the decision at all? One does not know the actual advice from the Bible concerning his story. If that happens to him, he might be encouraged to think about what helped him to make the right decision. What was it that helped Jesus to make the right decision? Jesus said: “I always do what is right in [my Father's] eyes. ( Read John 5:29.) You might ask your student to ask himself: 'When you look at all the things he's learned about Joseph and all the research he's done, what stand did you take to make J-hovah happy?' Let your student know that, if you make the decision that will make him happy, that means that he has made the right decision.

16 Let's take a look at a mother whom they used to study in the Chele case. She was being forced by her family to go to work that would make her very wealthy, but she couldn't keep him from going to school. She was called the young lady with whom she studied the Bible with Mariane. He said: “I offered you the chance to make a decision for Yeho-weavers.

15-16. (a) If a Bible student is to make a important decision, how will you be like Jesus? (John 8:29) What did Mary and Ebony help her student to make the right decision? (See picture above.)

24

She is happy or sad, so she needs to wait patiently and think more about the issue. Also, I encouraged her to put all her worries in front of him and see how he would hear her prayer. He decided not to do the work, and he didn’t have a job which could make him go to school every week. Note that, Mariane didn't tell her student to do this or not. Instead, he helped her think about what she already knows about him. What Mariane did gave her student a lot of pleasure, and the friendship the student had with her was so strong. The words about Mariane's student are: “My student will know that if he puts the service of the god first, it will be for him too.

NYYANIA ? NYA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

17 When we study the Bible with people, we teach them a lot. One of these is the condition of the dead, the strength is the Kingdom of God. We also teach them how to plan for the organization. One of these is what goes on in learning, the work of the elders is done by the body of the Directors. But it is not only these things that we want our students to know. The most important thing is to help them get to know him better.

18 It is the greatest privilege we have ever had to help people to get to know Jehovah. Even today, those who have come to know and serve him get a lot of blessings, and the joy they get, they can't relate anything. (Psym. Honourable12 - 15) Dakye, they will live forever. 1 John 5:20) But not only this, the Bible alert us that those who are trying to get to know him well and love him, are also known by him. 1 Cor. 8.3) In fact, the Almighty God indeed knows us, and he has treated us as his friends. These are the greatest blessings we can get when we get to know the only true God!

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . What exactly is it that we need to help our Bible students to know?

28. What blessings do those who know about God receive?

This picture is based on the story of Akyerena Mariane's Bible student. A company wants to employ him but he refused to do so.

What is the meaning of this?

why should a Bible student get to know him well?

how can we help a Bible student to know how Jehovah is like him?

how can we help a Bible student to apply what he knows about him?

NDW is 84% We will do more.

ASETUA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

I have been sensitized by Asamoah.

KAN KITUCHI NANKASA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Dzia, I was with my eyes on the first day I got my feet up and set up at our school at Brocklyn Bethel in New York, U.S.A. for, I have never forgotten. The prints were making noise and moving so busy, and I had never seen anything like that before. The licenses were in place, and the company was also in charge of the company.

Most of the things I saw there, what I was very impressed with was the brothers who were working there. Many people regarded the work done by the young brothers and sisters as a taboo. Also, in their hard work, people rarely see them and praise them. But they were happy with their work and their spirit was with them. When someone is said to serve God with humility, these brothers made me know what it really is.

For years, I have been trained and helped me to serve him better. Before I got to know the truth, I was a gentleman. He made me first to tell you how you know the truth.

M.H. . . . . . . God . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

I was born in Chicago in Lincoln, U.S.A. and that is where they taught me. My parents gave birth to four children, and this is the eldest child. My parents moved from Japan to Chicago, and they only thought that if they lived in the United States, things would get better for them. They wanted their children to go to school for their future success.

My parents were rich people and didn't joke with them at all. The house where my mother was trained was in, there was a building of a gentleman's temple. My father and two of his brothers were leaders of gentlemans. So I was young, we didn't completely abandoned gentlemanship. Every day, when I was in my late days at home, I started burning fire for our gentleman month, and I gave rice and water to him. Also, on Sunday, we went to the gentleman's temple for a month like what was in front of our house, but this was a huge sum and all the gold coins were on the streets.

When I was seven years old, I said one day, looking at the month when we got to our house, and I asked myself, ' When I die, what happens to me?' But he has taught me that, if I die, I will go on with my life in a place where it is dark. That's exactly what I said, man, so one day I'm going to die and I have become spirit? If so, can't that share of you be as happy as human beings are anymore? This made me very sad, and I became nervous.

26 WASS

When I was about 15 years old, it seemed to me that in all the various traditions I was involved in, there is no doubt about it. I realized I needed something in my life. (Matt. 5:3) As for me most of you, I had a feeling that there is a God who is very powerful. So I wanted to see her. I thought the Bible could help me to find it, so I bought a King James magazine Bible, it was already there. And before that, I had nowhere to buy him as a boy's festival to celebrate!

When I was 17, one day, I was on my way to the bus, and a brother named Mercy Bashou met me. He asked me, "You know what God says for the future of man? " Those questions led to a long Bible discussion. Wilson read Niire 171 and asked me, "See, there is a lot of water in the chair for you? " I didn't know anything about it. So she arrested me with 15 fingers, and there it says the water represents humans. This made me very happy, because I realized that it was from the Adaase people, when they read a Bible news, they used the Bible itself to explain it. Before I was going to get into a fight with Wilson, he gave me the Truth Taxi to the Live book. That book changed my life.

ten days later, I attended the first class of the Kingdom Hall. As the brothers welcomed me with joy, I have never forgotten. And from that time on, I have never closed up learning. After that, Wilson started to study the Bible with me. I enjoyed what I was learning so much that sometimes we could use it for up to eight hours. My parents didn't like the Bible I was studying, so they fixed my eyes very tight. But every time I finished my studies, it filled me with confidence that this is the truth. So in 1982, I gave birth to a child.

GYAA VALID

When I was born, I was going to a very popular university, and I was studying as a doctor. My parents cut down a lot of weight in their lives so that they could take care of me at school. You can't continue my studies at the university, but I wanted to keep busy in service to God and serve him full-time.

My father told me, "If you are being wronged and stop going to school, don't shut your legs up here again! I was devastated and depressed. I loved my parents very much, so I didn't want to hurt them. So I used to go out and sit in a place at night in the school and I begged you, "J-hovah, please, help me make the right decision." At last, I dropped out of high school, so my father asked me to drop out of his house. I called Wilson and told him all the things that were happened, and he asked me to stay with him. I exchanged all my things into one bag and took a bus to show my eyes to Mercy's house. As soon as I got there, I felt my honeymoon. I realized I had made the right decision.

I felt like a bird in a pit that was dug up! Now, I could spend as much time as I could. So in 1964, I started the preaching work.

As I became a regular farmer, I was helped by Jehovah to develop many good character; some of them were as ambitious. I said, one day, I was very sad because I wouldn't have anyone to go out in service with that afternoon, so I decided to stay. but I missed the eye.

I'm That was the one who made me know the truth.

July 2026 27

Some people had come to visit at the Brocklyn school to show them what happened at where our school was being built.

I am the husband of Michiko Oda.

you went. About an hour later, I decided to go to a park, and I said I left as soon as I got home. This was all I had been sick and I was also in the district. When he looked at the sky, it seemed like it was going to rain. So you didn't know if I should continue, if I do not. I'm still searching for it, see if there is a boy in front of me. He was from the Philippines. And I said to myself, 'Oyie, I don't believe that he will hide.' Saana didn't say it at all! He listen to me and then I started to study with him and later, he became my cousin Yensafo.

TUTUTUAA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

I was invited to work at the Broakryn Bethel in 1985 after a two-year residence. As I said earlier, they made a project at the construction site of our school. One day, I was working with a typewriter, and I couldn't find what he did and placed a lot of pillars. The brothers who work with me told me to report to the brother in charge of the office. As I went along, I explained everything to him, but I didn't do one thing. The brother in charge of that project spoke slowly to me and said, " If you don't do anything wrong, please forgive me." That day, I learned that if I make a mistake, I have to admit that I am sorry.

As the elderly brothers in the United Kingdom continue to serve other parts of the world, Suaaa came out with something. Once upon a time, we were going to eat, and it was on one of Onua Millon henchel who was a member of the Adhoc committee who sat on one of the plates. That day, the room was very full, and the brothers who were distributing food were eager to go for a walk. During the youth sitting around the table, we used to worry that the share of food was not at all expensive. But as for Onua Henchel, he did not say anything; we only noticed that he was following the siblings who were distributing the food, and he was also distributing water, bread, and butter. He was very ambitious with his brothers, and what he did made me remember that as well as that of Jesus, he arrested his own brothers. I have kept this issue to myself till now.—John 1:3-5.

28 WASS:

“YASIA JAAN JASA!

In 1977, I went to Japan. I was very happy when I saw how it happened to the brothers and sisters who are hardworking and compassionate. I wanted to help them, but my problem was, I couldn't speak the Japanese. A young lady named Michiko Oda who works as a baker in the United Kingdom said clearly to me, "You should not speak Japanese." And listen again. I didn't know that the advice of the young lady was going to help me in the future.

A few months later, I attended a Japanese-speaking program in New York. Learning Japanese gave me a lot of opportunities to serve our God, Jehovah. In 1989, I attended a meeting in Los Andes in California; that was my first meeting in Japanese. The film created at that meeting, there was a young lady named Miwako Nangami, and I just hit it on the face and raised it for her.

We got married in 1992, and had the privilege of serving at the Brocklyn Bethel. Miwako is very considerate, and every day he wants to do something to help others. His good behavior has helped me to know how to be a better person. My wife, if I do not meet! It makes me happy, and it also gives me heartbroken.

JAAN BTHEL and JEY JY JY JY JWY J N N N N N N M M M M M J M M J M M M M n n nti n n n n n ntisie nti n n n nSIA.

Miwako's parents lived in Japan, and when he reached a point, they became sick and their illness became critical. So the brothers in charge of construction at the United Kingdom said we could work at the Japanese office, so that we could approach Miwako's parents and take care of them. So we moved there in 1999,

When we got to the Japanese office, the local brothers made us very remembered. The brothers in Japan were very kind, and opening their hands. This deeply affected my heart so I taught them. They did not joke with their work at all. And when they were working, they were doing it. The reason they were doing this is that, in the culture of the Japanese, they think that if a lot of people work together, it is more important than reducing one person's work so as to make a name for themselves. The construction of the resource made it known that, I really need to work together and work together. Also, I need to admit that as little as I can, it helps the will of Jehovah to be there.

The day we got married

But, because there is a big area where I was trained, sometimes I didn't understand why and how some things are being done well. So I had to learn to be patient while I didn't agree with them about something. At some point, I came to understand them well, and I realized that whatever decision we would take, if we put the organization's instructions into action alone, it would be blessed by Jehovah. In view of this, if you don't have anything in your hand, it doesn't work.

I often compared the training I received at the world headquarters to the training received by the student Moses. Moosese spent 40 years in farming, and through it, he was helped by Jehovah to provide for himself. I feel like Moses is part of that. For the sake of the little university that I attended, it filled me with pride and trust. But, my visit to the branch office made me realize that, I should be Humble and rely on Jehovah. Asamoah was patient with Moses and helped him to develop good character. As well as apples, I have been patient for years and have been helped to develop positive attitude.

VALY 2026-days

Miwako and I stared at her parents for 24 years until their death. In those days, we were always alone, and we were very nervous. We had been in the hospital for a long time like this. Miwako's mother, Masako's disease became so severe that she couldn't even keep up. It wasn't easy for Masako to go to study and preach. A few weeks before his death, he was sitting in a gentleman's seat. But through all this, he shows his deep love for Jehovah. When he was talking about the facts, he was happy. Masako was grateful for everything, and regardless of what happened in her life, she kept on serving God with joy. This was something I wanted to learn from him.

Our lives changed significantly in 2024. We were asked to be special pioneer; we served at the world headquarters for over 30 years. So today, we are serving on the Okinawa island, and it is also the privilege to witness the lessons from the sitting in the army near here. The training at the branch was very helpful, so when it was announced that we would continue to be a special pioneer, it was not very difficult for us at all. We plan well and make good use of our time so that we will continue to engage in the ministry. Jehovah has also helped us to have fellow Bible students like ours. We will know that, the most important thing is to love people. I thank Miwako to thank you every day for giving us this good job.

messi is what I want to do with the JEHO VALH

Today, my family does not become separated from me anymore, but none of them have stopped to serve Jehovah. But as As said by Jesus, anyone who leaves his family to become a student will have 100 family members today. ( Mark 10:29, 30) I personally found this news to be very true! The brothers who have been affected in various countries have been recruited as family members, and they have been very large. They care about me, and they like me too.

A book named The Truth Aids to Universal Live given me by Wilson, I still have it here. Whenever I look at that book, it tells me how Jehovah has helped me to see it. 1 Mtam. 28.9) I am determined to continue to be educated by him, and I will continue to help others also to know the reality so that they can have forever.

I was working at the Japanese office.

I share in the ministry with Miwako in Okinawa.

30 BEGINK n.E. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Bring peace in There early!

Have you ever been a Christian so forced to speak up? If this happened, that wouldn't make the issue worse, try to be quick and negotiate with your brother for the sake of peace. *

He gave this example to us: If a person has a break in his stomach, he goes to see a doctor and say in front of him, so that as time goes on, the cough will return to him and not hurt him. If the person is sitting and does not see a doctor, the pain will not stop and it will also become swollen.

Just like when someone has a break in their stomach, you need to see a doctor immediately to make a decision, we also need to get a case with a fellow Christian as soon as possible. If we don't do that, we will continue to regret our brother, and we wouldn't even get angry with him. At the end of it, we had completely broken off relations with her. As Jesus advised, when we have a problem, we should “make an emergency with someone.” (Matt. 5:25) Therefore, if you have a problem with a fellow citizen, go to see him or her and talk to him about it slowly. But it's just that he is alone. What is it that we are saying? Let's consider two reasons.

First, you are under a lot of pressure from the incident so that you don't even want to talk about it and you've got a problem settled. So if you feel that it's going to be possible, don't take your eyes off and don't talk about it.

* If we don't have any self-defense between ourselves to a brother, we have to talk to him about it alone, and we give it out of our heart. (Matt. 5:23, 24) In view of this, we need to apply the advice from Matthew 5:23, 16. But if in all this, we can't work in agreement with him, we can be helped by the local elders.—Matt. jubilation.

"If a fellow Christian hurts us, but if the matter is nothing, we can take it for granted.—Prominent. 20%.

About Evelyn and synytyche. There may have been a conflict between them and they couldn't settle. The issue may have been settled long ago, because even the young man who was in Rome was informed about it. He encouraged them to work together and work together to be united. (Phil. 4:2) To be able to be friends again, each one of them had to be calm, spoke from the heart of their friend, and forgive his or her friend.

On the other hand, if you feel that your brother is sorry you so he should apologize to you. But what matters is that the relationship would be good, and not the one who makes things right is the issue. The doctor who is looking at a person who has lost his or her skin, not what the person did made him or her break his or her skin, but what matters is that it is all he has to say infront of the solid waste again. So if you are not talking to your brother about what happened, it is not that time to tell someone who is guilty of it. Instead, focus on how important the relationship is to your sibling, and do all you needs to get along well with her.

So if someone of yours has done a very good thing to you, it is with him that now he has made the right decision. The Bible says: “ Don’t be so angry that the sun doesn’t rise. (Eph. 196426) If you work diligently with your sibling, it will help to maintain the peace we have together.—Ph. 4:1-3.

VALY 2026 14

JEHOW-Abaan tells the story of JEHO VAH . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

July 2026 is Volta. 144, No. 7 F.E.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

What we are going to learn September 7-13 2 o

Learn something from the Gabons.

What we are going to learn September 14-20 o 8

The Bible can console you.

What we are going to learn September 21- 27- 14

Do you know him well?

What we are going to learn on September 28 -- October 4 to 20

helps Others to get to know Asamoah better.

ASETUA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

I have been sensitized by Asamoah.

Bring peace in There early! March 31, 20

hygienic sensitization that can help you against ESUA ADZE

What will help you find encouraging answers to these questions?

When we go to learning, we are able to take the opportunity to encourage our fellow people. (Heb. 10:24, 25) What will help us to keep up a positive decision?

Thank you to Jehovah for helping us. Ask him for help so that you will praise him and also encourage others.—Psalm. 35:18

Play Afia to read your answer clearly from the book. If you use it to say your words in response, it will encourage others and help you to know that you believe in Jehovah.

Please make your wife a woman who is a witch. If you go to study and give a clear answer to the questions, it will touch people very deeply. Also, it will give a lot of brothers and sisters opportunities to communicate.—Proverbs. 10:19.

Open up and let your answer be encouraging. If you keep silent, don’t advise or make fun of your fellow human beings.

Even if you are given an opportunity to raise your hand and never be called, you can go beyond listening to the answers others will bring praise and praise to them.—Proverbs. 10:21

We are not going to sell this book. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People are willing to contribute towards helping. If you want to contribute this, please visit Donate. .org.

All the Bibles in this book are from the Holy Scriptures—The New World Translation, the Holy Scriptures and the Bible, instead of a other translation.

The Watcher (IS SS0043-1087) July 2026 is released by the Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Ghana, House No. J348-1, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. Watch Watch 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Pensylvania.

Go to jw.org or check this symbol.

JW.org ?

w26.01-FA