OCtober 2026

JEHO VA leaves the JEH VALD

Adzesuaa

1926

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

“God will soon let everyone know that he is the power and that he has appointed some people to testify against him,” the Gospel King said on January 1, 1926.

In 1926, through the head of the congregation, Jesus Christ made it clear to Christians that, the preaching work should be the first in their lives. For this reason, "the faithful and wise slavemen" made other books, and how they held the Christian meetings, they made changes in them. In addition to these, the brothers were made known to their fellow Christians that they are indeed Christians. (Matt. 5.45) The construction of structures is the type of equipment used in the construction of schools in order to carry out the preaching work, Christ made sure that they received it.

AfterwardS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

In April of this month, the Golden Age which is now known as "Abay! he announced that, a new name called Liverence has been released. And that is the one that will replace the Bible Students in the Square that is sent to the ministry. To get the required number of books to go out in the ministry, the brothers in the branch purchased a mobile device with a small stone. That machine was able to carry 22 apples on one hand. Anyone who was going to witness to the Bible Students, if possible, would be given a share of the Bible.

Before 1926, the Bible Students studied Studies in the university during the course. But beginning in May 1926, they started studying the Kingdom. Of what benefit was this?

There was a small congregation in Lincoln called A letter was written to Onu Rutherford: “Bunder Hil the congregation greets you. When it comes to Sunday, the information that the organization of Jehovah has directed us to learn from him is that we learn. We are very grateful if any new ones come out, we all get to know him as soon as possible in the magazine.”

The presence of the new “new” system, or new technology, enabled the Bible Students to pay attention to the preaching work. To put an example of this, one of the Weavers- Kingdom studies explained that, though, it is the right thing to behave well, treat and respect people well. But we should not take for granted the important job. The words of this lesson said: “If a person loves God it should be. . . he follows his rules. . . . He said: "As far as I am concerned, my witness is the one who knows his God. . . . If someone is a Christian, being a witness of God should be a concern to him.

Another government lesson emphasized that, what true Christians do shows that they love God with their whole heart, that they serve him. That news of learning encouraged the Bible Students that, in the afternoon, they would “be witnesses to all the nations.”—Isa. 43:10, thank you Mat. 14 cedi.

These solutions have yielded results very soon. A few weeks later, a letter from a congregation was sent to the Kingdom that came on July 15, 1926. They said:

2

VALWAN

The two Bible studies that came up recently have been very encouraging and comforting. In recent times, we have not just read the Kingdom, but we have learnt it. They also said in the letter: “When we are studying, everyone wants to make a decision, and it is very helpful to our congregation.

ANAD AHOOW D

By the end of May, a number of Bible Students attended a meeting held in London, England. At that time, all the workmen in Britain were gone to the street. So it was hard to get a company to graduate from college. On that day, the brothers in Brocklyn Bethel made a decision, so they were able to complete the small scale construction that has been named The name of the People along with an amount of 117,000. They distributed this little book to the people who came to London to meet.

On Saturday, May 9, they started to take this small children to the ministry. On that day, the statement that was written on the program was encouraging to the brothers: “Every one who has not been hidden in this meeting should share with others about John and his Kingdom. tomorrow morning, nobody will try to reach Alexandra Palace early, and the local brothers will show us what they are doing.

More than 10% of the books were distributed. The government of the United Kingdom which came into effect on July 15, 1926 announced: “The sisters were very happy. They felt that they were hiding from Jehovah and sharing the good news with others to prove that they are his witnesses.

The next day, Father Rutherford gave a speech concerning what would happen to the world leaders at Royal Albert hall. By the time they opened the doors, 1000 people had killed him and filled the hall. Those who could not get the chance to get inside, they were given huge towers to hear some of them.

In his speech, Brother Roderford explained that the reason why the world powers are suffering is that they have turned their backs on Jehovah and his Kingdom. Then, she came after the alliance and said that she would leave soon.



During a meeting in London, Father Rutherford met a new lady named Evelyn He was from Sheffield in England. When the meeting was over, Owinger return to his native town, but Onua Rutherford asked him to return to London to see him.

Brother Buckinger said: “I was shocked to be in a foreign country when I went there he asked me to go and serve in another country. Brother Buckinger continued: “The next day, at dawn.

A. Liverence in the district.

B. Alexandra Palace, London

D. Royal Albert hall, London

BEGAN!

A

B

D

StELla PokeR

E. When Georgewright ( left) was serving in India with Evelyn Skinner.

E. George Dramaper

E E

Yes

I attend London. I have always made up my mind that if Asamoah Rutherford asks to serve in a foreign country, I am completely In fact, when he got to London, Father Rutherford asked him: “When we say we go to India, how do we? And Edwin answered him, "What day do I want to go? "

Just three weeks back in July, Edwin Skinner and George Bright went to India by sea. Onu Wright was also a very effective pastor. Brother Buckinger went to serve at the branch. The religious work that they did in Fanganist, Burkima (myanmar), Ceylon (Rriland), India and Persia (Ryan), was managed by him. Brother Buckinger spent the age of 64 in India until he finished his service on earth in 1990.

JOYS NWWIA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

From about 1885 onwards, the organization of Jehovah’s people sent its representatives to meet with the Bible Students in the same way as today's district leaders are doing. In July 1926, the way they carried out their work changed. They used to work for one day, but this time they would take two days to visit each group. Also, they had to take 100 hours to report every month.

A brother named George Dramaper who was a travel overseer wrote a letter to the congregation. He said: “As a crowd of people go for a walk in a house. So we need to warn people that there is a danger coming up. [Isa. fifty:10] It is the Kingdom we are going to learn and it will help us to do that, and that is what I am trying to do. In 1948, when Draper finished his work on earth.

JEYA? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

During the last major gatherings of the year, it was held October 14-30, 1926 in New York City. A press conference will be held around the world with the theme, "A Great War Is Come close." The media company agreed to report the speech of Onua Rutherford. But as time passed by, many of the famous people separated themselves.

Just as the companies did, the brothers decided to follow them. So on Friday, October 15, Mr. R. J.Martin released a new petition signed in the Western People's name. All he was going to do was unveil the companies for everyone to know, and he has announced his speech to Asamoah Rutherford. BrotherMartin said: “ We have started using our own computers to keep up our books. Our brothers and sisters in the world will work hard and hard until they reach 1,250,000. We would share this meeting with people. When the meeting was launched on Friday, the brothers settled in to share the documents. By evening, the cards had been distributed to one million people.

On Saturday and Sunday, they distributed more and the number of them increased to 1,000,000. In addition to that, the brothers actively distributed 3,783 pieces of Liverence and distributed 35,1-40.

4

VALWAN

S Judge Roderford's Leicture Court of the Great Congress, Nurson Square Edward on Sunday, 17th October 173 O'

F

Gb

F. A magazine which announced the address of Anlos Rutherford which is called "A Great War in the World is at close.

G. A press conference held in October 1926 at Madson Square Carden in New York

On Sunday, October 17, when it was three o'clock in the afternoon, about 12,000 people came to bury between Onua Ru-therford's speech. When he finished the talk, some of the things he wanted to learn more include a lot of news. During those meetings, more than . . . . was distributed. When this happened in those days, they had never distributed so many books and books.

Watch us for what happened at 111 ADAmes Strettet

Because there were a lot of people in love with some of our books, the brothers in Brocklyn in charge found out that where we went for our funeral, they should open it. Years ago, a building had already been built on 18 Konorad Street. And there they taught us books. But because the project was growing, there was food there. So the brothers purchased a piece of land at Adams Street. He was very near where they had already had it, so they began to build a huge eight-pounded hut on top of it. Then, they would have a big place to cover their school.

The building that was built on 111 Adams Street, was to start working there. That building would help the brothers to prepare for the development. In 1947, a number of people joined the congregation, and in 1931, it was continued to undress themselves so that in 1931, they could be called the natives of Yendi.

The scene where students were born at 111 Adams Street in Brocklyn, New York

OCtober 2026 5

December 7-13, 2026

NDW age 46

Thank you, Jehovah.

Dzia YEBOSAA

This lesson will help us to learn more about how to do that.

Show That You Know mediease.

Theowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowow. 3:15

An AKORA known as John70 has a tendency that even if we see things wrong for us and we don't feel right, what goes wrong will bring us all joy and happiness. He was 95 years of age and was very sick. People were looking at him because of his illness. What John did was that, every day someone comes to visit him or he would even do something small to say to him, " Excuse me. Then he wrote the person's name in a small book, so when he was sleeping, he filled the one looking at it with water so that he could wash his bed clean. Then he will mention every man who did his father that day's name in his prayers and thank God. One of those looking at him said, "John doesn't feel well, but he was happy every day and everything that would be for him too."

2 It's sad that today people don't make fun of you. This is not surprising, because the Bible has completely announced that in the coming days, man will be a criminal. 2 Tim. 3,1, System As it is known that there are some people who don't intentionally think that if someone is kind they won't be appreciated, but it's completely forgotten. But there are many people who, even if they do that for themselves, don't realize that they have done nothing so they won't be appreciated, they never say I've never thanked you. In their minds, they feel that the good done to them is the best done to them, so they don't have to thank you. When someone does that, it's a crime, and it's not a good character.

3 As for our Lord's servants, we know that man is worthy of praise, so let us not be like those who sin. The apostle Paul said: " We portray ourselves as kind people.' (Col. 3:15) This shows that if someone does good to us, he or she should do good to us.

17 The name has been changed.

1. What do the behavior of John shows? (See the pictures on the other hand.)

2. Today, what attitude do many people show?

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

6

Even if things are not going well for us and we can say thanks, life will bring us joy and happiness (See section

that we see and now do something to enjoy it. Let's, therefore, discuss three of these things: (1) The reason we should be grateful, (2) what will help us to show our heart to be grateful, and (3) the way we can be grateful for things.

SiPPS Jir

4 Being a carefree person can hurt us. Those who don't wear clothes, nothing will make them look beautiful. As states at proverb 1515, “ All the days of the press are full of tears,” or not every day for him. In the world, everyone has the worries and worries that make him feel. The problem we face, it's not all that we have to solve. But what we don't say with his mouth, if we don't be offended or made him hurt us, it's our own. If we focus only on the challenges we are facing, it would make us feel that it is not always possible, so we always make it very difficult. The attitude or the attitude of this person will never make us happy, and we won't see even the good that they do for all of us.

5 When we show our interest in things that are good for us, it makes us happy. In addition to proverb 1515, a person who is “who is satisfied with heart, he should listen to wisdom every day. In other words, if a person is satisfied or is satisfied with things, he or she concentrates on the good things going on in life and loves them. A person like that, you see him who would say that he has no problem. When someone loves things like this, it makes her feel like, 'everytime you eat at the party.'

6 Read Philip 4:6, 7. If we allow it to become our habit to thank God for the good things he has done for us, it does not make us feel “stip What is it that we are saying? Just like, thanking God makes us focus on what he has done for us.

4. What's the reason why we're people who don't have clothing that can hurt us?

5. When someone shows interest in things, what happens to the one who is happy?

6. What is the reason why we allow it to become our habit to thank God that he will not make us “embarrass”? (Philippians 4:6, p.

OCtober 2026 7

Take time each day to think about what Jehovah is doing for you (See section 9-10)

on that, it was not something we would have in the future or not. If we think about where we come from from from where where where it is from from from from from from, it will give him a lot of hope that in the future regardless of what he may do, he will take care of his children. So let's not think about tomorrow without thinking about it. (Matt. Also, if we continue to wait for our petition to be made to God, and if that causes us to cry, he listen and give us what the Bible calls “the peace of God.”

7 As we express our gratitude for things, it helps us to maintain a positive relationship with him. Every good thing we have, it is our God who gives it to us. ( Read James 1:17.) Jehovah has given us a lot of things. One of the dangers is the need for us to live forever. It is not because we are qualified for these things that he has given it to us, himself, but it has given all these to us for our sake because he loves us. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2.8) Because Joseph is our Father and we love him very much, therefore, all the great things he has done for us as we express our gratitude for his kindness to us so well.

Observe JEbeSIA from Our Akopoma

8 Think about what Jehovah has done for you in the past. Have you ever had a serious problem with your life? Sometimes when a loved one died, a serious disease hit you, or they settled against you because of your faith. What exactly helped you solve that problem? I would like to think that if you look back, you know that if you don't have a heart attack you won't be able to stand. ( Read 2 Timothy 4:7; see the 'the power to control what is common' in Nttsie- E.) So if you pay attention to what Jehovah has done for you in the past, it will help you to show your heart to praise him or express your gratitude for what he has done for you.—Psalm. 123:2

9 Think about what you are still doing for him. The Bible advised us to “be patient with all all. 1 Theres. 5:18) So every day

7. So why should we be thankful for the decisions that have been made to us? ( James 1:17)

8. If we focus on what Jehovah has done for us in the past, how will this help us? 2.Countle:7)

9-10. What are some of the good things that I do every day for you? (See picture above.)

8

take time to think about what you are doing for him. It can do this whenever possible for you. If you want to be able to do it when it is nighttime, that can help you to enjoy the day. If you want to be able to do it in the evening when you sleep, that will help you to feel better and sleep better. (Psym. 9 201, System If you keep an eye on these things, you can write down as John who was mentioned above did. So what factors can you think about and write down?

10 Think about what Joseph has done for you today and thank him. (Psym. 40:5) On that day, you can thank him for helping you to do the right thing. So today do you know you are hiding your prayer? Did you feel a pain in your heart when you read a text? Or have you read an article, watch a video and say, ' Ah! What was done for me by this?' When you read or watch a video and it makes you feel like that, my brother, do not thank you. (Psym. 65:2; Mat. tw45; Roma. 154) Also, you can think about the good things that make us happy in life. You can thank God for keep the universe clean, providing you with the food you need and the people you love. It is the “life and leisure” that is given to us by Jehovah that is why we are able to enjoy these things. (Ann. 1725) So, then, what are some of the good things that have been done for you that you want to write down today?—EPh. 5:20

11 The good that our fellow Christians do for us, he can think about it. (Psym. 133:1; Brong. Gra24) We are saying now, some of your fellow Christians have been your help or have made a point that you have always been encouraged. (Proverbs. 12:25; tea24) Even if you are given a little by someone, learn to love it. An event made it known that being a little thing to you is a very helpful thing. Some girls who lost their daughter to school were weeping because they were singing a song they couldn't sing. He said: “One day when we were singing a song, one of the girls saw that I was lucky, so she moved from her seat to stand near me. And she covered my neck with her hand and sang the song with me. I was so impressed by how he did it and made me know that the brothers loved me. What the doctors did, it was quite small, but the mother who was suffering from the pain was blindfolded.

12 If we take the time to think about what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he is still doing for us, it will help us to show our hearts to the good things he does for us. As we said at the beginning, if we see the good done for us we would not end up, but we have to do something to express our gratitude for it. But what can we do to show that we are grateful for what people do to us?

PHOTOS NYEBOBIA

13 What can be done to show interest in things? Looking at the text on the foundation of our learning, Paul said that we “be Then he added: “ Regardless of what you say or do, do it all in the name of the Lord John, and through it Thank God the Father.” (Col. 3:15, therefore, we can show our respect for what we say and do. What Paul is saying here is that, if you do something for us, we should use our words and actions to thank you for the act. But, if man also does things for us and we praise him, it is to him too.

1112. Our siblings do a lot of things for us who can be appreciated. What is one of these?

13 How can we express our gratitude to him and to man?

OCtober 2026 9

How can we express our interest in things? (See chapter 7

She is happy. He gave birth to a variety of ways that we can show our love for him and for our people.

14 Don't say thanks. Even if someone does something small for you, you say thanks. Even if he opened a stone for you, he recommended you or said something to encourage you. If someone does something for you and wants to be appreciated, you can judge it with a smile or write something on paper to thank him. Have an elder visited your family or child these days? You may write something or a sentence with a title to thank you. 1 Theres. 5:12, thank the Ashanti elders for their wives, which is very helpful to them. They do a lot of things, they sacrifice a lot so that their husbands can have time to encourage others.

15 Among the other things, one who deserves to be told the most is that he is the one who is very grateful. How will we do it? That is to be our heart-broken and filled with joy. There are also many different forms of prayer here. (Eph. Afterward18) One that has made it known that most of the prayers we offer are requests or prayers. When we are lying down like this, we always ask for something from God, either that he gives us the strength to cope with some trial, he does not give us the wisdom to make the right decision, or he forgives us some of the bad we have done. But when we think about the many good things that he does for us, he also encourages us to continue to praise the day. (Psym. 95:2) So in view of it, you ask yourself, 'How is my prayer? Did I say thank you to God for the good things that are good to me, or do I just ask him what he needs all day?

16 Do something during the night. If someone does good to you, do it by your actions that you are grateful for what he did for you. If we do not say thanks not only to our lips but to our actions, it will give us a sense of satisfaction and happiness. (Ann. Jo35) Also, if we use our actions to touch the heart of people, it will make them happy and happy.

14. What things can we do to express our gratitude? (See the pictures on the other hand.)

15 How can we express our gratitude to him?

16th century . So why don't we just say thanks?

10

They've always felt like they are too. When that happens too, it helps us to maintain good relations with them.

17 We can show our hearts to him by our actions. If we are very grateful for what he has done for us, he will move us to do something for him. What can we do for Asamoah? The Bible advised us to use our bodies as a sacrifice to God. ( Read Romans 12: This means that we need to use our thoughts, our strength, our souls and everything we have to do what we want from Jehovah. So what are some of the things that you want from Jehovah?

18 We are deeply grateful for what Jehovah has done for us and are encouraged to give our lives to him and never give up. So we give all our best to Jehovah every day. In other words, we use our time and energy to do all we can in his service. This requires that we try every day to read the Bible and think about it. Also, every day we have to share the good news with people, go to study, and continue to let go. This is because of the need to contribute towards the development of the service sector. (Psym. 1:2,3; 2 Cor. 8:4; blue. If we diligently serve him, we are doing something to show our deep interest in him as we continue to be grateful for all he does for us.—Colonians. 3:23, 24

19 Yes, today's majority are very wicked and unappreciative. But as for us, we know that we should be grateful. We know that if we express our gratitude for things that make us happy, it makes us think a lot more, and what matters most, it helps us to draw closer to Jehovah. If we think about all the good things that have happened to us and what he is still doing for us, it will help us to know all that he does for us and the constipation of it. Let us be determined to use our speech and actions to show our interest in things that are more important than what he does for us. If we do that, our God who does not sin will bless us greatly now and forever.—Psalm. 1964:1; blue. 11.6.

19. What is the reason why you are determined to be happy?

PHOTOS NI answer on page 7: This picture allows us to know what John did to show his interest in things. page 8: Things are not going well for a schoolgirl in that day. However, he is thinking about the various good things he has received in the day. One of these things is a certain piece of text that has touched her heart.

17-30. What can we do to show our gratitude to God for what he does for us? (Ronesians 12:1-)

What is the meaning of this?

What is the purpose of being grateful?

What will help you to cultivate your heart to be appreciated?

How can you express your interest in things?

NDW is 123.

Looking forward to the New World

December 14-20, 2026

NDW equivalents 123 to 123 in the Service, they and the Dweaver.

This Dzie YEBOSA Adelɛ will show us that you are doing three wonderful things, and we have the privilege to learn from him.

The opportunities that have been given to Ruboa Yen to do a wonderful thing, Suo was well-deserved.

He will let everyone know that he is my student. — JEHN 1:35.

?There are many things that are listed in the Bible. Here are some of these: The one that was once saw in the Red sea and passed through it to the people of Israel. Also, when Jesus was on earth, he cured the sick and raised the dead. All these great things happened to her today, and those who believed in him at that time also realized that it was because of him that he did this wonderful. (Matt. 15,31) Are you wondering if any of these signs are true? And that's heartbroken for you. Today, you too are doing some wonderful things. What is it that we are saying?

2 What is the full meaning of these signs? Measles are something that a person can't do or beyond human understanding. It is the power of the nipple that is used to make a spectacle. Today, Jesus is doing three tasks in his system and it is the one we are going to learn about. Among these three things he is doing, we can say he is a wonderful because only he can make it happen. If we are considering each of these signs, we will examine how we can “be of work” with God’s friends while conducting these signs.— Read 1 Timothy 3:9.

The NWYANYA is AnWANWADze

3 Hunter Dzih previously announced that there is a significant increase in the number of God's servants in modern times. ( Learn more about it)

1-202 (a) What are some of the arts listed in the Bible, and what are some of them? (b) When you are absolutely done with a gesture, what does it mean? And how can we get to water in God to do it? 1 Coronippus 3:9)

3. So why can we say that Jehovah's servants have become really “one”? (See picture at Isaac 60:22) (See picture.)

12

Since the coming of the year of 14, the number of Jesus Adanses has increased to a great extent (See section

2026 March 9,000,000

The year is around 5,000

60:22.) Did this agreement come out of effect? Let's take a look: in the year 14, the number of God's servants on earth was about 50,000. But today, there is a significant increase in the number of Jehovah’s servants who were members of the 'temba'. They even weigh 9,000,000. We did indeed amount, because there are about 130 countries with an population of 9,000,000. People who love and serve him with so many likes, we have never seen him like that before! They lived in about 140 different countries. Absolutely, compared to the number of people in the churches, we have nowhere to go. But this doesn't mean that what the Bible says doesn't really mean, they have come in. The "Akufobaba" has indeed turned into "one hundred thousand".

4 Our Lord Adanase people are not as ambitious as some churches are. Likewise, we have not abandoned the way God wants us to live our lives so that so many people can worship with us. Instead, we are studying the Bible, and there are many of us who needed to change how we plan and how we live according to what the Bible teaches. 1 Cor. Then, because we have made these changes, we were able to share the good news with people, so that so many people can fear him. After that, we dedicated ourselves to God and promised him that no matter what happens, we will only do it and sleep.—Matthew. 28.19, 20.

5. The progress of the matriline is remarkable because without it, without it, it would not work. Jesus made it clear to her that it is rare for someone to come and become his student. He said: “If someone wants to follow me, he should not do the same thing, but take his blame and go on following me." (Matt. 1624) This shows that if a person wants to follow him, he needs to understand that he will know the customs or even be dead. Jesus declared that what he said.

4. What is the reason why the increase is remarkable?

5. What news did Jesus say would happen to those who would follow him?

OCtober 2026 13

They Continued From Their Chiefs to Development.

During their campaign against the people of Adanase in World War II, they achieved a remarkable development. A Nigerian police officer said: “The Adase people, even with their eyes filled with pride.

A similar incident occurred in the Netherlands. At that time, the 1960 magazine said: “The journalists were arrested. They went to prison with some of them, they also spilled some of them to prison, and some were even killed. But over the next two years, the number of publishers increased. In 1943, the number of students rose to 1,379. Despite all the hardships faced by the Adans, the number of them was increased.

The men are going through their cases, but have not been released. And if this teaching or this work is from humans, it will collapse. But if he comes from God, he will not be able to stop him from doing so. otherwise it would be like God's own fight is being fought. (Ann. 5:63,34,38,39) Michael's words came true. After being released from custody, the leaders of the Ancestors continued to cover their faces. But they were unable to defeat the ministers, but the number of Christians kept increasing. (Ann. 6.7) How did the woman come by? The only reason for this is that God was with them, so in the beginning and in the end they all continued to make progress.—Ann. 1:8.

It could even happen to some of them, that they would go with them to represent the leaders of the government and the chiefs. (Matt. 10:17, Mr. Otum also warned that, the priests and those who represent various churches will be crowned against them. (John 14. 2000) Even if a person is to follow him, his or her own family will be waiting for him.—Matt. 10:34-36.

6 As said by Jesus, they strongly resisted the early Christians. As Jesus went on, the leaders of the Jews soon focused their attention on the preaching work being done by the ministers. The ministers were arrested, and they were taken to the High Court of the Jews, known as the High Court. Those leaders wanted to “kill the ministers” But one pharaseenes, called Gabriel, advised them: “ Don’t make fun of yourself like this.

6. So why have they failed to eradicate the early Christians?

7 Today thousands of people are gathering in the homes of Jehovah, regardless of their relatives, employees, or others are protesting against them. As said by Jesus, why have these people taken their cases seriously? (Matt. 1624) The only reason for the reason is that they love and trust that, just as he has said, he will take care of them. And in fact, he gives them “the power beyond what is normal” to cope with the challenges they are facing. 2 Cor. Afterward, if their families are suffering from it, they would remember the words of a musician: ' If my father and I turn to fire, I will be saved.' (Psym. 27:10) If it were not a great thing and that you are doing, how could you know a person suffering and a grave? He would say he would follow John.

8 Every time we share the good news with someone, it was through love between Jehovah and Jesus.

7. In what sense are present-day Christians the same as the early Christians? (See the box with the title "Akyaaafo-Ako-Aaaaa-Ako-Aaaaa-Aaaa-Aaaa-Aaaa-Aaaaa-Ako.)

8. The progress we are making is a wonder. What do we do that shows that the soul of God sent him to do this wonderful thing?

14

let them perform a magic. We are under the support of Jehovah and his Son. Jesus has even assured us that: “I am with you forever until the end of the world. (Matt. Additionally, the hunter is very helpful in the ministry.—Ph. 14.6, 7.

The NIATU NIAWADzeE is NANWANWAD

9 Hunter Micah also announced some of the great things that are happening in our time. That is the outstanding unity between God's servants. Micah gave a promise that Jehovah would mobilize people to live united. ( Read Micah 2:12.) This agreement has been successful, because God's servants today, the behavior of everyone is very high, where it comes from from from when they built it. But they serve Jehovah together in unity. They agree with the songist David on this point. He said: “How good and how pleasant it is for the brothers to keep together in unity!”—Psalm. 133:1

10 Today, there is a big increase in the number of things we do as individuals. One of these is that, Bible principles that when we attend the meetings, regional and district meetings we receive, the same principles are available to our worldwide brothers. wherever you go in this world, you will know that brothers who work at the branch or participate in the construction of the Kingdom Hall, the customs and places of everyone are high. But they can unite to work together in unity. There is so much unity among us. We are not like those in the world. Theirs, culture, their finances or political affiliations have made them very divided. But as for us, we love ourselves and don't let the wind surround us. According to that, wherever we go, we know there are some of our brothers who are ready to provide the necessary support and support.

9-10. Today, what shows that the words of Michael 2:12 have come true?

Let us work closer to him. We have never seen people from different countries and over the culture of their culture which is that how they perceive what is acceptable to him is the way they live their life.

11 There are also many divisions in the world anywhere, but we are one. This is a wonderful thing. In all over the world, we see unity as never before. When they were giving news, they didn't talk about demonstration and riots, it was about cocoa. No one understands the meaning of each other, only the division. The word the Bible says is as accurate as it was. Today, people are not honest, they make no agreement that they do not succeed, they destroy other people's names, they can't control themselves, they're extremely aggressive and just don't like anything. People are given gifts, advice is empty, and cleanliness is full.' 2 Tim. 3.2.4%) Although the world is “displaced by all the wicked people” and his spirit is out of his power, but his servants serve him with a single seat. 1 John 5:19; No. 12:9) If this were not a wonderful thing, would that be a bonfire?

12 We can do something to promote the unity of the organization of Jehovah’s people. What can we do? That means that we will go beyond our latrine to listen to what is told by him and live with it. His word the Bible advised us to be patient with people, to forgive, to punish and to be kind. (Eph. For this reason, every time we take an interest in a brother's sin, every time we forgive, we keep trying our best not to commit suicide, it means that.

11. So why is the unity between us a wonderful?

12. What can we do to maintain the unity of the organization of Jehovah?

OCtober 2026 15

There is a great love for Jehovah’s people as well as for others.

(See chapter 7

Thank you to God for doing some wonderful things in his organization.

AfterwardS BE Literacy is AnWANWANWADze

13 Jesus warned that if his followers love themselves, he would let people know that they are really God's servants. ( Read John 1:35.) And indeed, the early Christians loved each other very much. Some of the things they did to show their love were that, they shared what they had with their needy siblings. (Ann. They contributed money to their affected brothers and sisters. (Ann. 12:5) They looked for orphans and widowhoods. (Jas. 1:27) Also, although they were in need, they offered assistance to their fellow refugees who were in trouble. 2 Cor. 8.1-4) Just over a century after the death of Jesus, a historian named Nortulian wrote a statement about the early Christians. He wrote that people said the ancient Christians loved themselves so much that they were ready to even give their lives for their brother.

14 He loves his servants as very much as he did the early Christians. Because of love, we share the good news with non-Witnesses. To get money to do this preaching work, we are actively contributing to it. They don't plead with us for money, they don't force us or they won't accept our tea. same love moves us to support our affected brothers. * Apart from the social benefits we provide to our fellow workers, we encourage them, make them happy and help them to serve Jehovah better. And that is how the apostle Paul advised us to do it. He said: “ Be comforting to those who are depressed and help those who are weak, and be patient with no one. 1 Theres. 5:14) As part of a large family, Jehovah has put us in a large family. There are members of that family anywhere in the world. We love ourselves dearly and we love others as well.

15 The love that God's servants show is a wonderful example, because love has grown short in the world. The apostle Paul said that in our time, people would be selfish, selfish.

13 What did the early Christians do to show their love for each other? (John 1:35)

14. Today, what do God's servants do to prove their love? (See the pictures on the other hand.)

*See the statement on jw.org which is called "Disaster Relief in 2023 - 'We We Selhand J's Love."

15 So why can we say that love we love ourselves is a wonderful thing?

16 WASS:

money will be enough for them and they will love happiness . He added that they would be people who don't love God and "they don't have any feelings', that is, they would not even love their family members. 2 Tim. 3,245) Jesus warned that a person would show off to his fellow human beings so that they would hate themselves. He added that there is a lot of love in the mouth. (Matt. why, have you ever wondered what is going on in the world, when love is slow? But it is through his power that he is training his servants to show genuine love. What a wonderful sight!

16 When we give our heart to those who do good deeds to one day, and when we sit in peace with people, we mean that we are too many. ( Mark 5:50) When we show our love in action every day, we are teaching people that we are God's servants. Indeed, when we show love, it is great in the eyes of God to perform wonderful works in his organization.

TUE TUE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

17 Progressive, United and True love

16th century . How do we know that we are too much?

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . What causes you to know that today you are doing some kind of works?

The organization shows that it is doing some of the various things in our time. We are known in all over the world, but in all that, we are very common. There are many divisions in the world anywhere, but we are united. It is love in this world, but love for God and for our brothers makes us known to everyone that we are indeed students of Christ. (John 1:34) Not only are we eyes but we are able to look at this wonderful thing through our eyes, but we have learned some of it. We are his friends with whom we work together. ”—1 Cor. 3.9.

18 As the world is full of problems, how can a person from a higher source develop, cooperate and love themselves so much? Only a? can cause this issue to happen. These paying signs give us a sure hope that, whatever he gives us, in the future, everything will be done. 2 pet. 3:13) Therefore, the privilege that has been given to God to help him do these wonderful things today, is very great.

28. What should the signs we see doing to you that you are doing to us?

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

What progress are we making?

What is the unity between us?

What is the highest love we have?

NDW is 154.

She loves Mapa.

December 21- 27, 2026

NDW is 150.

The prayer of Jesus is: “My child, Be wise”

Dzia YEBOSAA

When a boy and girl get married to each other, it will help them to serve Jehovah.

One of the Trees is not a forest.

But if one person knows one person well, then two of them will be in charge of it.—EshECK. 4:12.

As for our servant to Jehovah, what matters to our heart is that we serve him well. But this is easy, because the world everyday wants to distance us from Jehovah. One of the ways the world does this is to destroy our view of friendship. Some people think that each other has enough of it; if they do, if they have a mother, that wouldn't be taken care of. There are also many youths and girls who visit their friends if they need help or advice. Others, it appears to them that they don't need any friends, they can live by themselves. But as for you and for you, how do you get to know each other?

2 Jehovah wants us to take advantage of friends who will help us to serve him better. That type of friends is what Jesus took. He did not just consider his students to be just politicians, but he took them as his friends. Shortly before his death, he looked at his pupils and said to them: “I am still still alive in my exams. (Luke 6228; John 1515) A good friend is not the only one who gets along with you when things are going well. But by doing good, evil is your meat. (Proverbs. 1717) ECs 4:9-1270 shows that we are encouraged by our fellow workers and they help us to do good things. ( Read.) Through friends like that, they can help us to deal with anything that might destroy our relationship with him. If we associate with friends of that sort, they will help us to do something that we can't do if they leave it to us alone, we won't be able to do it at all. Then it can also cause her to have a permanent relationship.

* We usually use this text when we talk about marriage. But the importance of friendship is the concern.

1. What is the impression of many people regarding friendship?

2. (a) where did you and Jesus pick each other up? (b) As shown at ECs 4:9-12, why do we need the participation of friends?

18

3 If a boy or girl takes good friends, how can you help him to serve Jehovah better? What can parents and brothers who love God do to teach boys and girls that they are good friends? To get an answer to these questions, let's have a brief discussion about what happened in the life of the liar Daniel. Let's see what helped him to cope with a problem that was beyond man's control. Also, when Daniel was alone, we will see how his Almighty, God, Jehovah, came to his aid.

NECK NK n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n

4 When Daniel was old, things were very difficult for God's people. Because the people of Judah did not serve God well, one of them had been taken by him. Therefore, during the reign of Nebuchandne Zorr in 620, he was made to rule over the people of Judah. (Dan. 1:2) It would be like at that time, Daniel was young. A few years later, he was arrested for (Dan. 1:3-6) In the area where he had appeared, he was not at all close to the house, and if he had closed his eyes, he wouldn't have seen any family member.

5 What was it that would help Daniel to cope with the challenges he was going to face in Babylon? The Bible says that Daniel "learned from his heart' to obey God's laws. (Dan. 1:8) Of all these laws, where are you from? And how did you even help such a man to decide to serve Jehovah? Looking at the meaning of the name Daniel, it shows that he was helped by his parents. The name Daniel means " God is my Judge." Because of how well his parents wanted him to serve Jehovah, they named him that name.—Deut. six, 7.

6 It could also be that Daniel learned the trader Jeremeh. So why can we say that? In fact, in 647 B.C.E., it was made possible by God to give Emameh the start of his conversation. Samuel sent him to send his message to the kings of Judah to the main town. It seems that Daniel was born while Ereh was doing that work. (Jer. 1:2, 17, meaning that Daniel and Yendireh were friends with each other, but because his family was one of the principal people of Judah, it would have been like when Ereh was playing all over with God's messages, the eyes of the young man was paying back, and his back was still there. (Dan. 1:3, even though David was old, he still read the story of Jeremerah. (Jer. turo11;29:10; Dan. 9.1, So we can say that, Daniel learned from Jeremerah that even if someone doesn't have God's servants, he needs to be brave and faithful to Jehovah.

7 It can be said that, the good done by Daniel's parents, the liar Jeremeh and other God's servants helped Daniel. That was the most important thing that happened to Daniel in his relationship with Jehovah.

8 Parents today can also help their children to serve Jehovah. If you are a parent, you can ask yourself: ‘When my child is compelled to say a bridge or something like this,

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

4. When was the young man Daniel, how hard did he meet?

5-6. You should not drink alcohol and help Daniel to serve Jehovah better?

7.8%. What can parents and brothers who love God do to help the young man and girl to serve him better?

OCtober 2026 19

Do you know what he should do with his reason for doing so? When her classmates say that she doesn't do something wrong or do something wrong online, do you know what to do? Are my children aware of how difficult this is going to happen?’ Parents, help children to make friends with each other and listen to him. How will you do it? Don't talk to them about the Bible every day, helps them to participate in the study, and goes out in the ministry with them. Also, when a boy and girl gets to know people like Eemerah, it's very helpful. Therefore, if Christians who love God get married to men and women who work hard and make friends with each other, he will help them. Also, as Daniel looked at Eemerah's studies, when his brothers who love him get a young man and girlry and take their friends seriously and take them seriously, he will help them to serve Jehovah better.

NECK n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n

9 When they took the body of the remaining men of the king of the king of the king of the king of Judah to expose the king of the king of Judah to the king of Judah, they encountered a examination that had never happened before in their town. As they got to the town, it was very soon that the people of the blues decided to make these men act like the people of the blues. Also, they passed through a training that would enable them to serve the king of the king of the king of the king of Judah. So those men should have been very careful and that training didn't allow them to do something they know that not what he wanted.

10 The first test that Daniel and his friends went through with him, if they don't check him well, they would say, 'O, share this with him is nothing.' This is what happened: The king said that eating the food he did not allow the men to eat. But there were some of these foods that are said by God not to be eaten by the Europeans. (Dan. 1:5, Today's boy can say in response to some words, ' We are not from here, we are insects, so they would give it to any of us that we may eat with him.' Or even if it was just that they could say, 'The King has said we should not eat with him, so if we don't eat it it doesn't make him angry.' So how did they do it?

11 The number of young Africans who went to Babylon with them was a growing number. But the Bible explains that only Daniel, Shadch, Meshach, and Adjem are the only ones who remained faithful to Jehovah. Each of these four young men helped each other to be faithful to Jehovah. The four of them decided not to eat the king's food so that they could hide it from the king. He was pleased with them and blessed them.—Dan. 1:612, 17.

12 Did your friends push you to do something that you don't know you don't want to? All his friends loved him, so they prepared for the hard work. So if you take such friends too, they will help you to remain faithful to God and not be influenced by the world to do something wrong. 1 John 2:15-17) If you take good friends, it will help you to remain faithful even in small things and you will be blessed by Jehovah too. (Luke 14.10) And if you remain faithful in small things, it will help you in the future to meet those things that are higher than this one who can be honest.

9. When the rest of the men of the king of the white men who appeared in the palace, what was the most cautious they had to do?

10. What was the first test that Daniel and his friends went through, how was it?

11. So why can we say that Daniel hired his friends? (See the picture in front of this magazine.)

12. What can help a boy and girl to do the same?

20

NECK n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n

13 A story that happened to Daniel and his friends shows that if you have a good friend, it can help you to cope even with the challenges that go beyond human strengths. What happened was, King Nebuchande So he said that they should call the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the palace. When they came, the King didn't tell them the time he sent him, but he asked that they should tell him the time he sent him, they had finished explaining it to him. This, he was more than every man's ability. (Dan. The King said that if they couldn't do his request, he would kill them all. Daniel and his friends were among the wise men who had been killed. So, how would Daniel and his three friends be doing?

14 Daniel went to the king and pleaded with him that, as soon as he pleaded, he would give him some time to tell his daily to him. After that, Daniel went to his friends and said to them: “I am not going to plead with the Almighty God for help in the secret, so that they should not accompany Daniel and his friends. (Dan. 2.18) As Joseph heard their prayer, he made it known to Daniel that the meaning of it was, and he went to tell it to the king. So they didn't kill Daniel and his friends, but the king defeated them and gave them a position.—Dan. 2.19, 47-49.

15 More important lessons are found in this issue. First, it is said that when a tree gets strong, it becomes soft. So when you meet with a test, let your sibling help you. Because of pride and embarrassment some people do not seek help. Don't ever do such a thing. If you need some help, ask your siblings to remember you in prayer. 2 Cor. 1:11) Apologising is very powerful, and the "Operationtors" can also help you to cope with any problem that affects a person's ability. (Psym. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) If our friends worship Jehovah, they can strengthen us and help us to cope with all life’s difficulties.— Read Gallatians 6:2.

JEHO VALH is something that OBOTUM has helped us in the fight against BIRA

16 She is a very good friend who can help us in any circumstance, especially in times past.

13 What problem did Daniel and his friends face that was beyond man's control?

14. What did his friends do to help him? (See the pictures on the other hand.)

15 What can we learn from the story of Daniel and his friends? (Galatians 5:22)

16th century . When he was old, where did he meet with a test?

When Daniel faced a problem which was beyond man's ability, did his friends help him? (See chapter 7

God has never interfered with one of his friends (See Section.

I feel like we are alone. By the time Daniel reached the age of old, the kingdom of the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of Judah had fallen, resulting in the reign of the kings of the Media and the police. Because of this, Daniel was under a certain name called Daro. At that time, maybe Daniel was about 90 years old. Some people who were associated with him in the palace decided to kill him. So they influenced the chief to order, not to mention any other god but the King's own. But as for David, he was the only one to praise him. For this he was thrown into an evil lion. As Daniel was there, he must have felt alone, because there was nobody amongst him. But is it true that Daniel was alone?—Dan. 6:4-16.

17 Daniel 6:19-23 shows that he did a wonderful thing to save Daniel from the lion. ( Read.) And he didn't remember only Daniel in the poor lion, because he was among his friends by the time of David, the most powerful man than any other friend. He saved Daniel from the lion. When Daniel came out of the mess, he said to the king: “My God has sent him carefully, so that he could catch up with the lions. . . because you have found me to be just with him.

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . While he was standing in death and running away from life, what did he help him not to fear? (Danne 6:19-23)

you know. (Dan. 6222) Daniel had outstanding faith in his friend, so while he was standing in death and on the road to life, he did not fear it.

18 Since the organization has offered you a long career, moving to a new location, facing imprisonment or sickness and old age, do you feel that you are separated from your family and friends? Both this kind of news can make you feel like you are not in the fight. But he said that if it were God's friend, he wouldn't punish you so that he would never refuse to fight. If you have a mother, if it should force her, God will take care of you and protect you. (Psym. 123:7-20) Be assured that Jehovah is with you and will help you.



19 Now the most important time for everyone to have a good friend. The reason is that ''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' So if you have a good friend, it will help you make the right decision today. Then we are encouraged and strengthened by the contributions of fellow people. ( Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2,

28. What is the purpose of being a friend of Jehovah, and how can we do that? (See the

19. This is the most time everyone has to have a good friend. What are the benefits? 1 Thessalonians 5:2, gess.

22 WASS

The apostle Peter was aware that “the end of all things has come near,” so he wrote: “There is more than all that the love of God is great. ”—1 pet. 4:7, 8.

20 It is said that one tree is not a forest. That saying is very true, because everyone needs a good friend, especially today. Because he knows this, he wants everyone to have the best friend. Remember that in the two things that can be given to one person, one person's child is not full. So do be like Daniel and yourself with each other. Look in your congregation and get along with those who can learn from you and help you with each other, just as Daniel looked at Eemerah like him. associated with friends who can help you to serve Jehovah better. Also if you need help, tell your siblings to remember you in prayer and not be serious. Most important of all, remember that you are your friend. And for that too, you don't have one of them in your hand every day. (Heb. SS to those who love him, it will help us to form any relationship with him that can destroy our relationship with him, and we will have a relationship that will last forever.

20. You are the one we should take as their friends, and what benefit would you be if we do that?

Considering the above, the Kingmother Dza in front of the Kingdom: Daniel and his friends helped each other in the trial and kept their loyalty to the King.

Because you are our Father, Our God is Our friend.

Some people do not believe that they can take their friend or even take him as their father. is that the same in your area? And that, every day is one of the least things that he eats, and it will help you to make friends with him.

Don't talk to Anye: Don't wait for him because he wants to listen to what he has to say.

Try to make time for it: When you read the Bible and the Bible, it is like sitting at a place to communicate with and listening to what you are saying. So know him well; know what he likes and what he doesn't like, and what he has done in the past is what he is still doing.

Be patient; say it is not one day that they take friends, it is small. So stay away from each other, don't let the wind stick together with you because the same is how you want it.

For more information on this, see the book The Young People Ask—An answer That Will Help. Look at chapter 2. 289-296.

If we were to leave a good thing, OBESIA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

What enables you to cope with examinations?

What can you do to cope with the challenges faced by a person's ability?

What time do we get alone?

NDW is 161 I want to do the will of you

December 28, 2026 "JAmuary 3, 2027

NDW is 162 I need God

DJIA YEBOSA A Yebohu the reason why we need to do a daily matter is how we are going to do it.

We Do the daily affairs of Weavers everyday.

They took the matter seriously, and each day they made a thorough investigation into the Scriptures.—Juw. 1711.

In 1906, the services of the King of Israel came into being known as the Daily Heaverly Manna for the House of Faithfulness. These books gave the brothers a text and an explanation from the Sion's Watch Tower every day of the year. His servants worked on this bridge until 1947. After that year, they brought the meaning of the text to the Year Box. From that time on, the brothers received a variety of Bibles and

2 In 1946, a small section of the Bible called the Daa saying was created to discuss the text every day. Today, this book has been produced in over 300 languages. If you open the JW Library app, you can access some of these books there. Then you can also find some of them on Facebook Online LIRaryTM (

3 Because there is no work today, so they have made some people not able to do the daily word every day. Therefore, we will discuss these three questions in this lesson. What news from the Bible shows us that we need to make a daily decision every day? What's the reason why we need to do it every day? How are we going to do the daily affairs?

*A number of languages that were not in the Year Box, they used the daily text to appear in the Kingdom each month. Now they explain where to get a picture of the text from.

1-202 (a) What is the purpose of Jehovah’s organization so that we can think about the Bible every day? (b) Of what benefit is it now that we can get some of the daily news to read?

3. So why doesn't some people be able to do the daily issue, and what will be discussed in this lesson?

24

DziE EE B E BECTUA EA

4 The Bibles on the foundation of our learning provide insight into the character of some of the people of Yendi in the city of Beroea when Paul preaching to them the good news. ( Read John 1710, Absolutely.) The people of Beroea were very good-looking. The Bible says that they “ received the word” that Paul said. When the apostle Paul was teaching them, they were compared to the text he was saying. So they realized that what Paul was saying was true. There is something similar with us when we attend a regional and regional meeting. When the speaker is reading a text, we open our eyes and follow him. We do this to prove that all what the speaker is saying is true.

5 What the Beroea people did has made many of them to become believers. (Ann. 1712) Shortly thereafter, some of the people of Tesalonica came to Beroea “stumbled and started angry with the people” by not paying attention to the teaching of Paul. (Ann. 1713) But this did not alarm these Christians. The Bible they were looking through every day made it known that they had seen it with the truth, and it strengthened their faith. We too, if we daily fall into the Bible, it will help us to cope with the hardships of life.

? Family member of the National Association of Medical Services (IARA) ?

6 Being a daily matter helps us to pay attention to him and to our service to him. Because you are our God, therefore, we need to make time for him and serve him. She loves us and wants us to enjoy life forever. (John 3:16) The Bible alerts us that he wants us to worship him every day. Many brothers have found that making a daily decision helps them to participate, read and think about the Bible.

4. When the apostle Paul was teaching, what character did the people of Beroea show? (Acts 1710, geseracy)

5. What did the Beroea people do with the text they looked into every day?

6. What's the reason why we need to do the daily matters everyday? (See the box “Seeing Bible Thoughts We Try to Read God's Word every day.)

Bible Literacy That We Try to Read God's word every day

According to the law of the law, it is necessary to make a sacrifice every day.—Ex. SS:38-42; 30:7, 8.

For Joseph, he asked Joshua to read the book of Law and think about it about "the dawn and the night."—John. 1:8.

For this reason, King of Israel was told to write down God's Law and read it every day.—Denuth. 1718-20

We are encouraged by the songist to pay close attention to God's word, and read it with a “refuge and support.” —Psalm. 1:1-3.

For every day, Daniel played piano three times a day. —Dan. In view of how God has provided comfort to his people, the one who trust in him is the one who trusts in him.

The book of God’s Kingdom refers to the great crowd as they serve God “with joy and power.”—Ph. 7:15

7 Being a daily matter shows that we are using it.

7.8%. What's the reason why we have to do a daily matter every day? (Ephesians 5:15, mend

OCtober 2026 25

time works hard. ( ReadEphesians 5:15, emphasiz When we think about our Father in a little while every day, that's when we think about him, he means that we are using our time very well.

8 Being a daily matter helps us cope with our problems. Jesus said there is always “no problem” with him. (Matt. Afterward 34) What he said is also true, we always have trouble. But as Jesus said earlier that, everything we are through is paying back to God and he knows what we need. (Matt. SS25- 32) When we always do the daily affairs, it helps to distract us from these problems and focus on the things that Jehovah is doing for us. (Psym. 68:19; 1 pet. 5:6, published a statement by one of our sisters that this story is true. She is 19 years old. In the past, he made a serious mistake so that he could feel that he has not been forgiven by Jehovah. She pleaded with him to let her know that he has indeed forgive her. When it was done, he did his daily affairs. The situation was based on song 86:5. That says: 'Be fruitful, be fruitful and multiply and share. And there was a lot of your number for all those who call you.' He said: “ As soon as I finished reading the text I was satisfied with, because I realized that all I needed was that I had been given to him by Jehovah. The incident on that day made it known that I shouldn’t have put up with the situation for just one day.

9 The Bible’s message always helps us to “trust in Jehovah all the time” when there is a problem. (Proverbs. 3.5, today something like this happened on the day that their wars began between Russia and Ukraine. On that day, the situation was called out at 1:15 where it says: “ With comfort and confidence there will be no remedy. Those words from that text touched the hearts of the brothers in Ukraine. One of these brothers is Eduart. He said: “ That very morning, my wife was always making a speech, we ended up making a new decision. The fact is that this daily news was very helpful to us. It seemed like we have spilled some water on our hearts. He gave us a lot of pleasure,” he said. Another letter called Svetani said: “The help of Asamoah 30:15 was very helpful. When there was an election in our area, we were still thinking about the same thing.

10 As a daily issue gives us the courage to remain faithful to our God. We need courage to remain faithful to Jehovah in school or at work, to share the good news with others, and to cope with the hardships. When he came to lead Joshua to the people of Israel, he three times told him to be strong and have courage. When Joseph came back, he asked him to read the book of Law every day so that they wouldn't be brave. ( Read Joshua 1:6-20.) We too, if we keep a daily conversation and read the Bible every day, it will help us to be strong and remain faithful to our God.

11 As a daily issue that encourages us to improve in our service. As a young man, Timothy was advised by Paul to improve his speech and actions, increasing his love and trust and continues to keep his life clean. 1 Tim. 4:12, pitire If we are a daily issue that allows us to think about our relationship with him to see if, we are improving in that. When we think about our relationship with him, it makes us think with him about things, we know where to put them.

9. What effect did a daily event of the brothers in Ukraine have on them?

10. For what purpose do we need the courage, and how can we acquire it? (Joshua 1:6 Organisation) (See the pictures.)

11. If we do something daily, how will it help us to improve our service to God?

26

When we read the Bible every day, it gives us courage (See Article 7

We are doing our best, and we live according to our will.—Romans. 8:5, 6.

12 Being a daily issue can help us to learn the activities of the congregation in the future. There is an increase in the number of tumors that are growing in the soil. So we need a boy and girl who are in good terms with God to help. There is a need for a boy and girl to become a regular pioneer, a mission, have served at the branch, learned to construct a Kingdom Hall, and have helped in the translation of the language. There is a need for gentlemans who are humble and take the lead in serving as congregation officers, congregation elders, and district leaders. He wants the younger brothers who can take the lead in the organization. She likes men who are able to understand the Bible and live the Bible's principles and deal with them. (Dout. 1:13 - 15) In addition to all the good things that are done each day for the sake of the one who is close to God, take the matter into consideration. If you do that, it will help you to be able to do all the work in the future.

12. There is a need for men and women who love God to do what their works, and what will help them to get involved in this project?

Observe BEGAN.

13 How is it done at all every day? Let's consider how the worldwide family of at the world headquarters is. Before they start their work, they first pour a short paper to tell Asamoah that he has helped them to apply what they are talking about. They finished discussing the daily issue. You can also do something like that yourself. You can open a short bed to begin with. It is because of someone's urge to help you learn something from what you're going to read. (Jas. 1:5 Then ask yourself some questions like these: ‘How do you and what I have read that I want to do so that I can draw closer to you? What was this saying all that I was saying would help me draw closer to Jehovah? How can you help me cope with unexpected problems?' If your family members or friends are doing the daily affairs, can anyone share with you what you have learnt from it to encourage your friend? (Rom. 1:12) Some other things are that, one or two words are added to the main points in the daily matter.

13 What will happen every day?

OCtober 2026 27

What can you do so that you don’t mind if you don’t turn up? (See chapter 7

it is all so that they can remember and think about it all day.

14 What can you do if you want love to go to the river? One of the following can be done: 2. Read the new text in the olden days. (3) In the text on the current issue, read the theme all over. 1945 Take a lot of information about the Bible that was based on the Bible. 5. In the news of learning the old news, you can read other parts of the chapter. If you are using a mobile phone or a mobile phone to type the news on time, you will see the latest issue of the magazine's name at the end of the explanation. If it is on the link, he will open the magazine. *

15 A woman named Makinze said what helped her to forget the daily news. She is 19 years old. He stated: “ Even if I am five years and I have to say it when I am talking about the daily situation so that I can make a decision, it helps me. I do that, lets you think about the explanation of the text with him, and that helps you to remember the old news.”

16 At what age can you do the daily issue? Look for time to support both the child and the family members. Some people always do the daily thing before they send their children to school or when they are eating breakfast dinner they do. So so that they may not forget, they place the Daga word on the table on them. In all this, if there is any reason why you need to put the matter in place next time you can help, you can do that.

17 It's said that, if you have any problem with your eyes, you don't sleep. So you need to have a particular time to do the daily affairs, otherwise you would not have forgotten the daily issue at all. John is a 16-year-old boy. He said: “If you don’t take this daily issue seriously, it wouldn’t have happened again,” he said. Sierra is also a young lady aged 25 years old. He stated: “I try hard every morning to do the daily tasks ahead of the day.

* The magazine that came out of the daily issue at the end of the explanation is this: The year, and month when the issue of the magazine came out, and the page and section that discussed the daily explanation of the issue.

14 -15. When we are doing the daily affairs, what else can we do, and what can help us not to forget the daily issue?

16th century . At what stage can you do the daily issue?

17-30. So why should you have a particular time to do the daily affairs, and what will help you not to be happy? (See the pictures on the other hand.)

28 WASS:

I have been admitted. A 21-year-old brother named Rogalio also said: “I used to waste a bowl on my phone so that I wouldn’t forget or miss it.

18 Try to follow up, since it's intended to be a daily matter. Don't be worried. Asabale is a 19-year-old girl. This is what he has to say about this issue: “ tell yourself that if you don’t have a problem, don’t make your phone call or don’t do anything. If you use your phone to make a point of time, and you look at it and it will make you feel better, then that person's eyes don't see it with eyes, wants some of the victim's, and do the issue with you forever. A 19-year-old woman named Oliver says: “One of the most important thing to do is treat someone with the daily word. It can be done with family members or friends. Because if there is someone who will say to you that you always do that, it doesn’t make you blood in it.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

19 Parents, if a father and his children always do the daily affairs, he will be with them, and they will continue to do it even more. Even if your children do nothing and they understand it, it is because they will also study it every day. To use an example of this, it is like a little seeds fall on the ground. If it rains every day, it can grow up to be a big tree. Similarly, if children also learn to use a little too often on a daily basis, it will help them to become people who love Yeho-vah.— Read Philip 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: “ Not only will people live through bread but every saying coming from the mouth of the person will be through the mouth of the person. (Matt. They say that, helpers are needed and the mothers are also needed. Because since we don't even have a day to come before we eat, it's also very important that we eat God's word every day as food, because it's the foundation of our own lives. Therefore, try hard to do the daily affairs of life.

19. How can a child be helped every day if the parents do the daily trouble with their children? Take an example. (Philippians 1:9, 20)

20. So why should we study the Bible from time to time?

What is the meaning of this?

What is the reason for this daily action, then?

What should you do if you want to benefit from the daily situation?

Take this lesson to some of our hospitals that can help us with the daily situation everyday. What is one of these?

NDW is the word of God to our God.

Stand Through the Bible, Not Human

What did you know about the Bible when you came to know that it is the truth or what the Bible calls it 'One belief', that'? (Eph. 4:4-6) Are they in love with each other? Or was it your beauty that was their good character? It was the love and peace in the organization that led many people to the truth. And in his way, because he is our love and good life he made us known to be his servants of Jehovah.—John 1:35; 1 Pet. 2.12

But we are just saying, what if you were hurt by a brother or didn't show you love? Or what if a brother committed a serious sin with a disgraceful flag, just like what happened in the Koran? 1 Cor. 5.1) The only thing that matters is that, if all your believes depends on how people behave or how they react to the feeling, that's very dangerous. So what exactly is the foundation of your faith?

Be Joyful With Beads

One thing that can make you certain about it is that, every day to ensure that what you learn from the Bible is true. What is the reason for this? Let's take a look at an event that occurred in the days of Jesus.

One day, Jesus said that those who follow him should eat his body and drink his blood. Many people didn't understand what he said, so they abandoned him. They said: " This saying makes him very angry. "—John 6:56-60, Gal.

When they went, Jesus asked his ministers: "How are you, father? Peter replied: " Lord, where are you coming from? She gave birth to issues that resulted in an end to her life. We have believed and will know that she gave birth to her God Almighty. "—John 6:67-69.

For Peter and the others, they were not worried about what Jesus said. What are the benefits? The reason for the idea is that their beliefs were not based on humans or how they feel, but they were based on something so well. The King Peter said: "We believe and know that he is the Holy One of his God." So the ministers were aware of what they believed in and what they believed in. They compared what Jesus said and did to what they were known in the Scriptures. So they believed in the fact that Jesus is the Christ. That fact they had acquired made their faith certain. So, when some are worried about what Jesus said, they don't mind them.

What do we learn from this issue? If you see or see that something is true, do not look at what someone is doing or what he is saying. What is it that we are saying? The only reason for this is that humans can change. But Bible truth, like the truth concerning God's name, what he wants, and what he does, is that he never changes, never changes. In fact, whatever a person do, whatever a person say, he will not agree. Because of this, if we believe in what the Bible teaches, we do not follow the organization that is using it.

30 BEGINK n.E. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

If the project is four, we will not be worried about what people do or say anything.

Does this mean that the love of our brothers is not important? It doesn't feel like that at all. We need that love. But as we know that our fellows are doing good and encouraging, it is not bad. But if there is something about love between our fellow people and their well-being, Bible truths that we have learned and accepted will help us to remain in the truth. So even if one or two people do not do their things well, we know that this is the full truth.

When we read the Bible every day, it gives us hope for what we are learning. And if we focus on what we are learning, it will make us more sure that this is the truth. If we do this, our faith will become established, and we will not be worried about what people say or do.—Psalm. 168; see the box “Be Hoarsely in the Truth” in the box.

When all your belief depends on how people behave or how they react to it, it's very dangerous.

Go and Stay in the Truth

Take it as a long distance from the bus to a place. The place where you are going is beautiful so you feel like you are moving that way.

But if you sit in this long bus, there are so many things that can make you angry. Some can communicate intentionally in the bus, or even if the driver doesn't smile. If something happens like this, then does it mean the bus won't move to the location so you have to lie down? She is innocent.

This example applies to us. Also, we are on our way to the Kingdom Hall. We all love to be part of the organization of Jehovah’s people on that road. Sometimes, however, the actions of some of our brothers or the behavior of a brother taking the lead can hurt us. If something happens, then does it mean that the arrangement of God will not bring us to Paradise? Honestly, it's not like that. This is the only truth. If we really believe in what we learn from the Bible and trust in his organization, it will allow us to keep on living in the truth to the point where we are going.

OCtober 2026 14

JEHO VALVah ? JEAST Vol . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( 144, No. 11 F.E.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1926—one hundred Years Longer than One

What we are going to learn on December 7-13 shows that Imam is negative 6

The one we are going to learn on December 14-20 the chance of A Yendi Dze Rboa Yendi to Do the Ironically, Suo is 12th of October.

The lessons we are going to learn from December 21- 27 Dua Kor not a Kwaa 18

What we are going to learn on December 28 + January 3 is the daily issue of 24th May.

Stand With Your Yendi in the Bible, Not 30

Osuahu

If you take Egyeee, He will take care of You.

Emma is a young lady who works at the hotel. She goes to work three days a week, and each of her works nine hours per week. He wanted to attend a regional meeting so he left the road from his manager. His manager refused to give up, but he asked him to work for five days, otherwise he won't stop working. Emma had a lot of confidence in her son, so she decided to stop working and attend the meeting.

When Emma sent her a letter stating that she was leaving her job for the manager, she met the manager who was in charge of the hospital. When the old man heard of what had happened, he promised to give Emma a heart attack and deal with it. But the saddest thing is that after two weeks, they told Emma that she had been fired. One day, he came across the manager at the hotel again. The old man heard that he had been fired, he was very angry because he didn't say he was fired. So the leader took care to settle the case, and put it in good order. He said that for five days and every day of that, he should only work for four hours. For this even, Emma was moving through the narrow streets. This new arrangement could have helped her to pursue her career as a regular pioneer. What Eme did to Eme, she didn't expect at all. She blessed him very much.

We are not going to sell this book. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People are willing to contribute towards helping. If you want to contribute this, please visit Donate. .org.

All the Bibles in this book are from the Holy Scriptures—The New World Translation, the Holy Scriptures and the Bible, instead of a other translation.

The Watcher (IS SS0043-1087) October 2026 is released by the Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Ghana, House No. J348-1, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. Watch Watch 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Pensylvania.

Go to jw.org or check this symbol.

JW.org ?

w26.10-FA