JANUary 2026

VALWAN

He tells the story of JEH VALH AH Mendje

2026 anniversary:

“Happy are those who know that they are in need of God's guidance.—MAT. 5:3.



March 2 "APRil 5, 2026

Mar Chech 2-8, 2026

NDW ranked 97 We Need God's word

D kye YEBOSAA JEBOSA has given us some things that will make us feel better and happy, and we will consider what we need to do to benefit from these things.

Continue searching for “the guidance of God”

2026 Afe: “Eccess is the happiness of those who know that they need God's guidance. —Mama T. T.V. 5:3.

JEHO VALH knows there are some major things that, if people don't have, they can't live. That's why in order to survive, we need to eat, wear clothes, and have a place where to put our heads. Even if one of these things bites or bites from one of us for a short period, it can make life very difficult for us or even our life can be lost. Apart from these people's needs in life, he knows that we need something else; he knows that we need his guidance. ( Read Matthew 5:3.) If we really want to be happy, we need to admit that we need God's guidance and that we continue to seek his guidance and work through it.

2 When it is said that someone " Knows that he needs God's guidance, what is it? In the English word translated as this, the most common idea is that someone who needs it is the one who has the most to plead for. An example of someone like that is known for giving birth to a person like him or her. What he will eat, the dress he wears has been cut off to pieces. When the sun is shining, it rises on him, and when he is at night he doesn't have a place to sleep. Snails are so dangerous that they can't get food that it's too dirty to smell. And for the sake of reason, nobody likes it. He well knows that if he does not get anything food he will die of hunger, but he has a helper. We can compared those who know that they need God's guidance to this person. Those people know that without God in their life, he wouldn't succeed. Therefore, because of the arrangement that he has put in place for those who love him and do not joke with him, they don't joke with him at all.

1. Of what things is it that you know we need? (Matthew 5:3)

2. If someone is said to be " Knows that he needs God's guidance," what type of management can be used to explain it?

2

The woman phoned, he went on to plead with Jesus to help her, and she was sure that he could help her (See Section.

3 In this lesson, we will first consider what we can learn from a woman from a woman from the woman of the town who begged for help from Jesus. This woman's story shows three qualities that those who know that they need God's guidance should develop. When we are done, we will consider what we can learn from the three men who were given divine guidance and guidance. They are the Peter, the Gospel of Paul and King David.

DJIA YEBECtim ESUA from PHennicIAIAIAIAA

4 Once upon a time, a woman of Phonezianisma went to see Jesus. He was “deeply angry with his daughter” and was “teachling” him. (Matt. 1521-28) So he went to meet Jesus and begged him to help him. This woman Phoritician came up with beautiful behaviors and we can learn from her. Let's take a look at some of them.

5 The woman of Phoriticani had a very poor mind. So why can we say that? In the olden days, the people of the United nations used to come together in their houses, and Jesus compared the woman to the woman in the womb. But when he did that, the woman was not angry. How long will you be away if you hear this news from Jesus? A short time ago you will be informed that Jesus has prepared you for that, so let him help you, and you will be somewhere to stay. But this woman of Phoriticani did not do that. But he struggled, and he also did something different. He did not give up, he went on to urge Jesus to help him. What made him do that? She had faith in Jesus. In fact, Asamoah realized that the mother's faith was well-deserved and that this moved her heart to support him. Jesus earlier told the mother that she was sent to help only "the lost family of Israel," but later he came to support this mother who was a member of the nation. He wiped a spirit out of the mother's daughter's mother's child-in-law.

6 To be sure that if we really want to be God's guidance, we need to be like the woman of Homini.

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

4. What was it that the woman of the woman Phoritician want to do to him by the time?

5. What character did the woman show, and what did Asamoah do to help her? ( You can watch the picture.)

6. What do we learn from the woman's story?

JANUary 2026 3

attitude. We need to be Humble, continue to ask for help from God, and trust in him will be strengthened. Only a very lazy person will continue to plead with God for help. Also, Christ Jesus is the one through whom we must trust his followers. (Matt. 5.45-47) As we trust in our Father and his Father, and his Son, we continue to plead with them to help us, and it makes them very happy. Also, if we do that, they will help us and guide us. ( Compared to James 1:57) Now, let's take a look at what we can learn from the Peter, the Minister, and King David. It will help us to know the arrangements that have been put in place to guide us, how this helps us to be happy, and how we can benefit from that arrangement.

SEAS Literacy rite— Wo wo wo wo wo wo wo

7 Let's think a little about the Peter. Among the first of the people to see that Jesus is Christ, he was among them. He realized that it was through Jesus that he gave his followers "the news that he has brought to an end" or spiritual food. (John 6:22-68) Before Jesus rose up, he entrusted Peter with a mission. She was advised by him to give him some of the food he had been given to the poor. (John :17) Peter accepted that job and explained it to his followers of Jesus. As soon as possible, he wrote two letters which are now part of the Bible. But despite Peter's actions, he also needed to eat well, that is, study God's word very well. For example, Peter took time to learn the letter of the apostle Paul. He admitted that in some of the things that Paul wrote, his explanation was “stabilized.” 2 pet. 3. 15, Mr. Naaso Peter did not give up, but he went on to learn. He believed that ' — Read negativity 5:14."6:1.

8 Peter believed in him, so he did not listen to any of the instructions from Jehovah. Peter was once in Jopi and had a vision. In the vision, God's spirit told him to kill the animals asked by Moses Law not to eat and eat. Since his childhood, he had never eaten animals like that, so his head was not affected by what the hunter is asking him to do. So as soon as the hunter stopped, Peter said: “I am not able to do that, because I have never eaten anything that is dirty or clean. After that, the angel said to him: “As for the things that have been clean to God, don’t say that he is naked. (Ann. 10:9 - 15) Just what the hunter wanted to show to him, Peter understood and changed his mind. How do we know that? Shortly after he had the vision, three of the boys came to him. They told him that their master, Colonel who is an international minister has sent them to call him up, and he wants to talk to him. Peter will never settle down in the homes of an International member. Because the people of Judah thought the people of the nations were not clean. (Ann. 10:28,29) But when the King made Peter realize that from that time on he wanted everyone to hear the news, he responded immediately. (Proverbs. 4:18) So he told the good news to Coronavirus and his household, and they believed in Jesus. After that, they had a holy spirit and not be afflicted, and this made Peter very happy.—Ann. 10:45-48.

7. What work did Peter have to do, but what exactly was he supposed to do? Explain. (Hebrews 5:14."6:

8. When God through his spirit gave Peter some new instructions, what did he do?

4

9 As Peter did, we too need to continue to study God's word very well. One of the simple things to hear is that we will always learn about it. But, we also need to develop a passion for Bible principles that are more complex or difficult to understand. We need to take time and try to learn the deep Bible truths that we understand well. And if we do that, we will get the best out of it. Of what benefit will we be? At least he will help us in at least two ways: The reason for our learning about God is that, we will learn a lot about him and he will love and respect him so much; and in the other hand, what we learn can help us so much that we can tell people about the beautiful qualities of our Father. (Rom. 11:23; God. 4:11) We can learn something different from Peter's words. That is: When we get a new explanation of God's word, we need to accept it quickly and work with it. If we do that, it will continue to teach us how to be faithful to him.

SuAS Liamua Paule— Wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo

10 To be happy and let him lead us, we need to have qualities that he likes. He teaches us how to develop this kind of behavior. The apostle Paul said that, we should “put on the old personality” and put on the new one like a dress. ( Read Colossaresians 3:8-20.) Let's say, it's not easy to continue to put on the new attitude. Let's use the Paul's words as an example. During his childhood, he tried to please God. (Gal. 1:14;Phil. 3:4, gedi Naaso, had no thorough knowledge of God, so he did not know that his way of worship was not good. Also, he didn't know the reality that Christ taught, and pride was also killing him. So, to say the least, he had no attitude at all. In fact, he even said that it was a meeting.—1 Tim. 1:13

11 Before Paul became a Christian, he was very angry with him. The book of John states that Paul was very angry with his followers, so he was very ‘threatening them, and determined to kill them.' (Ann. 9.1) When Paul became a Christian, he proved that he was determined to reject this bad habit. (Eph. 4:22, 31,) Paul was trying very hard to reject this bad habit, but sometimes a bitter argument broke out between him and them and made him very angry. (Ann. 15, 37-3039) During that time, Paul's negative attitude changed his head, but he did not give up. He continues to “loe through his body,” meaning that, he strives to reject that bad habit in order to keep on doing what is right in his eyes.—1 Cor. 9.Despite this, he has been in prison for a long time.

12 Paul did not lean on his own strength, and this enabled him to be able to put off the old character and put on the new character as a dress. (Phil. 4:13) Just as Peter did, Paul also 1 pet. 4:11) Despite all this, at times Paul was discouraged and discouraged. But when he became discouraged, he focused on the good things that his Father has done for him, and this strengthened his desire to continue to please him.—Rom. 7:21-25

13 Also, we can learn from Paul. Regardless of how long we have been in service to him, we must admit that it is very important to lose hope.

9. If we take the time to study the Bible with a strong meaning, what are the two ways that can help us?

10. SinceColossah 5:8-20 shows us, what should we do to make him happy?

11. What bad character did Paul try to get rid of? Explain.

12. What was it that helped Paul to be able to sack the old menarche?

13 How can we learn from Paul?

JANUary 2026 5

We need to continue to study God's word very well, put on the new attitude as it is, and let us keep on protecting ourselves with it.

(See chapter 7

The old character is abandoned, and we put on the new character as a dress. What this means is that, we have to live with what God teaches us. In fact, some of the bad character we used to have will shake his head; some of which we are angry or say something or we have done something to hurt someone. If that happens to him, we should never give up and think that we can never please him as well. But we must continue to strive to make any changes that we need to make. (Rom. 12:1,2; Ephh. 196424) As we strive to do this, we need to remember this fact: If we want to wear a cloth and it is big or large, we have to do something about it so that we can wear it. But for the new attitude, if we can put it on, we have to change ourselves as well and live in God's guidance so that we can please him.

SuAS SuAS Suasedoua D?ID— Wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo

14 We will find that if we really want to be happy, we need to continue to study God's word well and continue to put on the new But not only that, we also need his protection. If so, that was so close to the roads and way to protect us, what exactly is it that we need to do in order to continue doing that?

15 King David strongly believed that if it happened to him, he would be protect from it. ( ReadPsalm 7:5.) In what ways does Jehovah protect his servants today? The coronavirus is that, it protects us from anyone or anything that can destroy our relationship with him. That's why, if people ask us any way, it has promised us that every weapon that will be fight against us, it wouldn't work. (Psym. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Despite that, the influence of this spirit is available to all his people who praise us with power, but they will not be able to punish us forever. Even if we die, he will bring us back to life again. 1 Cor. 1555-57; No. Again, if we are afflicted by stress, he will help us to keep our eyes open so that he will not punish us forever. (Proverbs. 12:25; Mat. In addition to these, our Father, Jehovah, has given us the support of many brothers, including congregation elders who visit us to encourage us. (Isa. 321, 2018 When we attend the meetings, we always learn more about specific things that will help to draw us to the protection we need.—heb. 10:24, 25

14 -15. In what ways does Jehovah protect his servants today? (Psalm hairs) ( You can watch the picture in front of this Kingdom.)

6

16 Whenever David was going to hide from him, he was helped to make the right decision and this shielded him from the challenges faced by the just ones who broke his law. ( Compared to proverb 5:1, thereafter.) But when David refused to obey the laws of David, as a result, he was not shielded from them. 2 Sam. 12:9, why are people not eating with David so well and what are the customs? David expressing his concerns to him from his heart, and he was also secure by Jehovah. What did he do to protect him? She consoled David and assured him that he loved her very much and that she would care for him.—Psalm. botto1-6

17 As for us, if we praise and seek his guidance before making a decision, then it means that we are following David. But, we need to remember that if we don't listen to him and make bad decisions, one we'll know customs, and that's not let him kill us. (Gal. 6, 2018 Also, if we let others know about us, we can take heart to talk to him about it, confident that he will protect our heart and mind.—Psalm. 4:6, 7.

16th century . In what ways did David be maintained by David?

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . How can we learn from David?

CREAST Seeking JEHO VALH

The 18th anniversary of 2026 states: “Eccess is the happiness of those who know that they need God's guidance. This story is very true today. What is it that we are saying? Because most of the people around us today do not believe in the need for God's guidance. But even those who claim to worship God, they do not worship him in a just way. Others give people wisdom to guide their way, but despite all these, they are not happy. We should not be like them. If this were so, then what exactly are we supposed to do? We need to continue to study his word well, put on the new attitude as a dress, and listen to him and keep him safe.

28. Today, what do many people not believe in, and what should we do to keep on leading us by the way? ( You can watch the various movies.)

Before the government of this rite: some girls want to be safe from it, so she has met with her Christian brothers and sisters at a congregation meeting. page 1: Another lady wants to be educated so that she is learning the Gospel, and is showing kindness to show that she has put on the new character as a dress. Also, the elders in the congregation have encouraged him, and listen carefully to what he is being told.

What is the meaning of this?

how can we learn more about the King Peter and the King of God's word?

how can we learn from the example of the apostle Paul and put on the new attitude like dress?

What role do we play in protecting ourselves as David did?

NDW is 162 I need God

Mar. CR 9-15, 2026

NDW is 45%.

Thoughts in My Heart

Dzia YEBOSAA

We will consider what we can do in times of sadness or stress.

You Can Be Helped by Asamoah

"Well, my friend is a liar!"—rom. 7:24.

When you think about the apostle Paul, what comes to your mind? One who may have said that he was a brave, illiterate, or who wrote a lot of Bible books. If this is not the case, it is the tea. But Paul was also just like himself, so sometimes, he was very sad, discouraged and depressed.

2. Read Romany 7:21-24. In his letter to the people of Rome, Paul mentioned how he sometimes feels, and today many of us can feel the same way. However, Paul was a very good Christian and wanted to do God's will, but because of his differences, he was not always too weak to do that. In addition to this, he was sometimes worried about some of the bad things that have happened in the past, and there was a problem that had come to his aid, and this made him sad.

3 He was sometimes hurt and discouraged by what he was passing through, but he didn't think about this under control. In this lesson, we will discuss the following questions: What made Paul say ' his words are false? What helped Paul not to be discouraged? What, then, can help us avoid being overcome by depression or depression?

* A It is not people with mental illness that we are going to talk about and see the doctor.

1-202 How was the apostle Paul sometimes feeling, and therefore what he wrote on the other hand can help us? (Rume 7:21-24)

3. What will we discuss in this lesson? ( You can also look up the word "A trouble Researched out".)

8

When was the last time you made a decision?

4 A hole that was already in use in the past. Before he became a Christian, he did some bad things but later, at least. That time, he was called Saul. What he did was that, he was determined to stop Stephen's servant, and all he was killed was pay back. (Ann. 7:58; 8:1- Then, all the judgment that was used against the Christians was that of Saul.—Ann. 8:3; boro 9-11.

5 When the apostle Paul became a Christian, he was sometimes worried about the bad things he did in the past. The treatment he used as a Christian, it seemed like when he became a Christian, it would have hurt him very much if he had put up his head. For example, around 45 years ago, he wrote the first letter to the Korans, stating in part: “I am not even fit to be called an Minister, because I am in the sight of God's organization. 1 Cor. 15,9) About five years later, he wrote a letter to the people ofEphesus, and he describe it as 'a far more important person among all the Muslims.' (Eph. 3.8) The letter that Paul wrote to Timothy, he also stated that he previously said bad things, not to the people, but to the people. 1 Tim. 1:13) It is assumed that Paul has visited a congregation and met with some of his blindfolds or family members. How will you feel if you try?

6 It's also skin rash. Paul mentioned another reason why he was suffering. He said that it is like " 2 Cor. 12:7) The apostle Paul did not say exactly what he was suffering, but what he said shows that he was a pain in his heart. It could have been that he was a disease or a problem that was left with him or her in mind. *

7 His inefficiencies. The differences between Paul were also very disturbing. ( Read Romana 7:18, 19.) He had a strong desire to be strong, but because of his differences it was difficult for him to do that. Naname himself said that what he wants to do every day, he can't do it, and what he doesn't want to do is do it. But despite all this, he tried to do the same. 1 Cor. 9. 27) Therefore, if a bad character was trying to abandon him, he would be very sad!

DYA PATU WAS HOTUE

8 The letter that Paul wrote shows that, as God's holy spirit was able to help him and his fellow Christians to overcome some of their mistakes and mistakes, he was always thinking about them. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, according to the King Paul often talks about bad behaviors and practices that Christians must avoid. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) It shows that Paul was always thinking about how to change his attitude, so he was able to read the Bible in order to do that. It can be said that he also applied the advice he gave to the people.

4. What was the cause of the pain in the body?

5. How did Paul feel about the negative things he did before he became a Christian?

6. And what else is it that you are hurting Paul? ( You can look under the theme below.)

* Some of the things that Paul said in his letter made it known that, he might not have known what was right. So it could have been that he wasn't able to thank her for writing documents to the hands, and he has done his religious work. (Gal. On the contrary, he may have been concerned about what false teachers said about him. 2 Cor. 10:10; 11.5, however, we know exactly what happened to Paul, but we know that he was saddened by that one.

7. And what was the reason why it was so hard for Paul to do it all the time? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What did Paul do that he was able to help him change his attitude?

JANUary 2026 9

9 He was sometimes discouraged, but the things he made him happy, were many. For example, if her friend's mission mission informed her that things were going well in the hands, she was happy. 2 Cor. 7:6, thank you again, the friendship with his fellow Christians filled him with joy. 2 Tim. 1:4 Another thing that made Paul happy was that, he was aware that he was good with God and that this helped him to use the "colonial tree". 2 Tim. 1:3) Even while he was imprisoned in Rome, Paul encouraged his fellow Christians to “be (Phil. 4:4) This shows that Paul did not become discouraged or sad. He made it known that, if Paul was just there and he was thinking about the things that make him sad, he was immediately absorbed away from him and focused on things that could make him happy.

10 Another thing that made Paul happy was that, he believed that the power is a gift from Jehovah for himself. (Gal. 2.20; read negativity 1:7.) That's why he was very confident that on the basis of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ, he would be able to forgive him completely. (Rom. 7:24, 25) As a result of this, despite all the bad things that had happened to him, he was able to continue to give God “the holy service,” and this made him very happy.—heb. 9-2014.

11 As Paul did, we are also trying to bring up what we think.

What he had done last made him sad, but he thought deeply about it and helped him not to be overcome by sorrow (See section 9-20).

There is a mermaid problem; that was when he was 39 years old. His mind started beating down, and he became nervous. He asked himself, 'What a young man I have had this disease?' At that time, she had a boy who was just three years old. What was it that helped John to concentrate on the things that were encouraging? Nanaa said: “I was a little too busy, but my family did not joke with us at all. We never missed a meeting, and every week, we went out in the ministry. Also, we used to be our family worship whenever possible. Sometimes it was hard, but we slowed down and made these things. John also said: “When you are told that you have a disease, don’t be bothered by the beginning, and you will feel that your world is over. But later on, you will see that you are being strengthened and helped by Jehovah. As Jehovah has strengthened me, so will he also strengthen you.

14 Asamoah, mentioned earlier, explains: “I understood when I was at the meeting, and what I took time to learn about it made me feel that I was hidden and loved so much. This makes me happy.” Another brother named Nolan is a district overseer in Africa. She also said what's helpful to her wife Diana. He stated: “Even if we give up, all the things we do for the sake of our service to our God, we never give up. If we do that, we see that, too, that Jehovah is helping us to enjoy ourselves. We always keep in mind that Jehovah will help and bless us. We do not know how he will do that, but we do know that he will.

15 We will find that if we are sad or discouraged, we shouldn't joke with our worship. But apart from that, there are other things that we have to do in addition. It's as if your back is painful. If you keep calm every day, it will help you a little. But if you want to know exactly what causes your back pain, you may need to take a look at it, or even see a doctor. Just like us, like us.

15 If we become discouraged or sad, what will we need to do? Take an example.

JANUary 2026 11

If you feel stressed, learn a variety of factors that can help you (See

When we are always too depressed or discouraged, some of us may need to examine it in the Bible or in the ministry to know how to dress. Even the one who needs to be reported should be reported to a mature Christian. Let's look at some other things we can do that can help us.

16 Ask for help from God to find out the true causes of worry for you. King David well knew that Jehovah knows him well. So he pleaded with her to help him know the exact reason for the “mindation” on him. ( ReadPsalm Gerald:1-4,23,24) Also, you can plead with Asamoah to help you know exactly why he is worried about you, and what he can do about it. You might ask yourself such questions as: ‘Why am I worried? What factors contribute to this decision? If I think about what you are going to think about, how early do I get from it or I still think about it?

17 More information that can help you solve your problems, learn about it. Rightly, it takes some of the qualities from God to learn about him. If so, it will help you a lot. The apostle Paul said that, he was always thinking about the reason why he was so worried about his sins and the true love of God. You can do this with the Bukuu Aju Adasefo Dze, the Watch Tower Media Identification, or any other other Bible-based work that you have in your language. If you have any information that can help you, write it down. You can easily find a hidden area, and when you are discouraged or discouraged, you may have to learn some of these details. When you are studying the news, try to relate what you are learning.

16th century . What can help you to know the real causes of worry? (Psalm Gerald:1-4,23, 24) ( You can watch the picture.)

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . What factors can help you to concentrate on encouraging things? ( You can watch the picture.)

12

Looking at what you have been through and how you will be helped to make you feel better again.—Phil. 4:8.

18 Eliza, who was mentioned earlier, learned a lot about God. He said: “Well, the problem I faced, was that I didn’t know about Joaa. Asamoah had a very delicate problem, and unfortunately, he didn't know where he was from. But in all this, he never separated from God. ( Job 42:1-6) Diane, who was mentioned earlier, also said: “I am studying the Bible with my husband’s classmates. Just like the weed that is used by God to make it beautiful, we also see that we are concerned about how we can develop beautiful behaviors, and this makes us happy. So if we make mistakes and give up, we don't focus on that, but we pay attention to how Jehovah is helping us to be good people. This helps us to strengthen our relationship with him.”—Isaa. 64:8.

Be

19 Even if we do all that we have discussed in this lesson, we should not expect that.

28. What have some Christians learn?

19. Just how will we feel, but what kind of trust can we get?

We are completely devastated by the sorrow or worries that have overcome us. We can only be devastated by it. But if we are concerned about our own things, we can be helped by God to reject them, and focus on good things. So we can be sure that we can use the right conscience to serve him with joy in life.

20 Let us be determined not to let go of some bad deeds we have done in the past, some difficulties we face and our mistakes should not overcome us and make us sad. Even if we are discouraged or depressed, we can be helped by Jehovah and he will make our hearts firm. (Psym. 123:10) When we visit the new world, we can expect things to become only things that make us happy and think about it. There is nothing at that time that will stop us from thinking, and we will serve our God, our God forever with joy!

20. What exactly are you determined to do?

What is the meaning of this?

What if he was hurt by what he sometimes said?

Did Paul become sad, but what helped him to remain positive and happy?

What can we do if we are afflicted by stress or depression?

NDW is 34%.

I Am going to remain honest.

Mar. Ch 16-22, 2026

NDW age 20

Bringing Your Child to Wetlands

Dzia YEBOSAA

We will consider how the calm gives us a sense of guilt, it gives us hope that in the future we will be separated from the weed, and it also helps us to maintain a positive relationship with our God.

14

The Money We need in Weaving

“You will save me at all from the hands of the body which is going through this death.—rom. 7:24.

Let us make it known that a house has broken down, and a man has entered it without dying. What can that man do? The only thing he can do is invite people to respond.

2 Our situation is similar to that of this man. What is it that we are saying? When Adam woke up to pay back the Creator, he did a bad thing. After that, she gave birth to her children with such a bad thing. Because of that, in a way, it is like the fallacy of sin has fallen on all things and we start so that we can't save ourselves. The apostle Paul addressed this situation in a letter he wrote to the Roman people. ( Read Romana 7:22-2024.) He pleaded for a person to save him from his " neighbor's body which is going through this death." Because he was born a human being, it was just like he would die. (Rom. 6223) We are all based on the same passion as Paul did. We are born in sin, so we need someone to save us!

3 Fortunately, when Paul asked this question, it didn't happen immediately, but he said something that gives us hope. Paul asked, "will you save me at all from the body that is bringing me to this death? " After that, he himself addressed the question: “I thank God through our Lord, Jesus Christ! (Rom. 7:25) Paul was thanking God that through the sacrifice of Jesus Christ we have been saved. * Because of this strength, 1 you can forgive our sins.

* The death of Jesus is very difficult, because they have saved God's children from sin and death.

1-202 We need someone to save us from suffering, and for what? (Romans 7:22-2024) (I can manage the picture.)

3. How is the sacrifice of the Jesus to save us?

Just like how a man in a broken room needs someone to come and save him, so as we sin and the sin Adam has made us so we need someone who will save us (See section 1-2).

We, 2. We can have hope that in the future we will be separated from the weed, and (3) we will be able to get closer to our God once more. If we think about the benefits we get, it will help us to love our God more than ever. (Rom. 15,13) Also, it will help us to show our deep interest in what Jesus has done for us, because “in that he has received the table,” it means that, through him, we have been saved.—Colonsian. 1:14.

VALDAM . . . . . . . . . .

4 We need the matriline sacrifice to forgive our sins. We are just bad people in ourselves, we make mistakes in speech and actions. ( Read ECs 7:20.) Some of the types of pits are higher than others. For example, the Moslem Law said that if an Israel should break up or kill someone, they should kill him or her. (Lev. Jo10; Nka. 35:30, 31, but some of the bad things are still not that bad; however, they are still very bad. For example, the songist David said: “I will take good care of my ways, so that I do not make a mistake with my tongue. (Psym. ?1) As it is, sometimes even speech can make us feel bad.—jas. 3,2.

4.5%. What is the reason why all of us need the sacrifice of weed? (Ephesians 7:20)

5 Have you ever said or done something to yourself? In fact, something like this has happened to us all before. It is not surprising that the Bible says: “If we say that we are not wicked, we deceived ourselves, and the truth is not in us. smoke—1 John 1:8.

6 As a result of this knowledge, he could have proof in support of our sins. (Eph. 1:7) However, this does not mean that if we sin, it is as if God doesn't tolerate it. Jehovah does not want us to sin. (Isa. 59:2) Because of the judgment of God, he had to do something to completely forgive us our sins.

7 The law of Moses required that the people offer animal sacrifices to compensate for their sins. (Lev. Those sacrifices made it known that women would need something more valuable than the lives of animals. That was the sacrifice of Jesus, and he would bring many blessings. So the sacrifice of Jesus will give you a basis for our sins. In his letter to the Christians in Koran, he made known that, he was aware of the benefits of John.

6-7. Of what benefit is it to forgive our sins? ( You can watch the picture.)

JANUary 2026 15

the sacrifice of the matriline will make the people happy. After talking about some of the bad character that some of the people of Coronts had, he also said: “You have wronged yourself and have separated yourself; you have been regarded as a truthful person in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and in the spirit of our God. ”—1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 It is not long before we are going to attend the Memorial this year, so it takes time to think about the various blessings that the spirit of God has made it possible for him to have. Some of the blessings are that, because of the pain, it does not allow your conscience to continue to be found guilty of some past sin. But, what if you find it hard to believe that you have been forgiven by Jehovah? I might say, 'I know that you can forgive me, but for me, I can't forgive myself.' If he had had such a view, he would have said: “You are the one who forgives sin, and he has also given it to his son to judge. Jehovah has not given birth or anyone else to tell someone who can or will not forgive him or her. The Bible states: “If we walked in the past like the men in the past, . . . The blood of his Son, Jesus Christ, cleanses us from all sin. 1 John 1:6, we are so sure that since we believe in various Bible principles, we also need to believe that Jehovah will forgive our sins. The power of the alcohol gives you the chance to see something on the ground and forgive our sins. Even his words, the Bible, indicate that he is willing to make an apology.—Psalm. 86:5.

VALDAM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

9 When the Bible speaks of “bad,” it can imply the negative or inefficiencies used in giving birth. ( ReadPsalm fifty:5.) This lack of birth control leads to sin, sickness, old age and death. This allows us to know the reason why even children who are born without sin can get sick and die. Also, it allows us to know the reason why both the wicked and the wicked are associated with sin and death. The only thing that matters is that, we are the descendants of Adam, we are all born with sin.

10 Let's take a look at how our parents are.

8. What factors can you think about during this Memorial period?

9. What does the Bible mean when it's bad? (Psalm fifty:5)

10. When Adam and Eve sin, how did they feel?

The people of Israel were supposed to sacrifice animals to compensate for their sins, and this made it known that the sacrifice that was offered by Jesus would cover our sins and give him many different blessings.

(See section 67)

16

The first had a feeling of guilt when they were in a bad state. They became nervous and lost their minds. When Adam and Eve worked hard on God, they broke his laws that had been " written in their hearts', and then immediately began to reject them. (Rom. 2.15) Human beings realize that things are not going well in their hearts. So they cover themselves and (Gen. 3.7, when Adam and Eve sin, their consciences were found guilty and their eyes became blind. They had never been affected by such a situation. Just like it, the embarrassment and embarrassment that Adam and Eve did to each other will affect them until they die.—Gen. 3.16-19.

11 Also, because we are born in sin, sometimes our heads are felt guilty, shame and shame. The sin and instabilities we are born with have made us very angry and physically bitter. Just like, even if we try to control ourselves and live a good life, there are some problems we can't solve. What is it that we are saying? The reason is that, the Bible alerts us that we are “instinctive” with wisdom. (Rom. 8:20) But not only are we under agreement, but all the other things are involved. In fact, women are doing all they can to clean our land, eradicate crime and poverty, and promote peace among the countries. But all their efforts are in vain. But because of the expensive sacrifice, he had a good hope. What kind of dreams have been given to him?

12 The Bible offers the hope that there will “be saved for itself. . . from the spring he has put it in his hands that he has made the egg with his hands,” he said. (Rom. 8.21) This text allows us to know that we will greatly benefit from the sacrifice of the matriline in God's new world. At that time, we will be humans without sin and sin. And they will remove everything that allows us to know culture, we also pain and abuse it all. Also, we will not do anything that will make us feel guilty, make us blind or make us weak. Apart from these, the effort we are trying to clean up our land and stay at peace with us will not be in vain, because at that time, the King of peace, and he will come to our rescue and rescue us.—Isaa. See6, 7.

13 The Bible gives us insight into how life would be like without sin. If you go to bed every morning, your body won't be affected anywhere, and you don't be afraid to be hungry, sick or dying too. This hope we have is like 'a So even today if we “ learn a little by little,” it can help us to feel a little better. (Heb. 6,19) As turtles can help a woman to stand in one place, so the hope we have can strengthen our faith and help us cope with the hardships we face. You can be sure that those looking for him in the farthest way, he has given them their money, that is, he will bless them. (Heb. 11.6) If you are not crazy, share this comforting news with the future hope for you.

VALDAM . . . . . . . . . .

14 From the time Adam and Eve sin, humans have separated from God. Bible

11. What are some of the challenges and setbacks that have been brought to us by the midwifery?

12. What kind of alcohol do we get?

13 What further benefits can you think about this Memorial period?

14. Adam and Eve did sin, what sin did we commit against our God, and why?

JANUary 2026 17

Only the death of Jesus can cure conflicts with him again.

(See chapter 7

he even said that, women have broken off with their Creator. (Rom. 8.7 , wake up to Colony. 1:21) Of what benefit? Because he is holy and just and faithful to everything, therefore, he will never condone evil. The Bible says of God: “You are too holy in your eyes that you may not look at bad deeds and therefore you may not look at evil deeds. (Hab. 1:13) As a result of this bad news, a great debt has been brought to us with God. Therefore, none of us would have been in a position to be with our friend of God, unless we had any other hope that we could draw closer to him and get in touch with him. They have always treated the fire like that for him.

15 The Bible explains that the Jesus is our 'verbal of sin.' 1 John 2:2) The Greek word translated "tortoise" can mean to do something to compensate or to restore it. In view of how hard it is to be able to maintain our relationship with him? It is not what we are saying is that it is to be the Lord that his Son died. But because he did not want to be a burden, he had to put the issue in place where he should sleep. That is why he made his son die. Then, he could get back in his relationship with the others and get better again. (Rom. 3,23 -26) Even the people who served God with integrity before the death of Christ, he was able to judge their judges. (Gen. 151, why Ebena? Because David was sure that his father, Jesus, would pay the price in full. (Isa. Lo:10) Because of the hope of the world, things can become better with God again.

16 Think about the benefits you have got because it is in God's hands that is good. There is something that you also call it 'Papa" as Asamoah taught us to do it. (Matt. 6.8) Sometimes, you can also say that you are “Kingship” with someone. If we take our Father as our Father, if we take him as our God, we should let him know that we respect him and treat him as our God. What are the benefits? Because we are born in sin, nothing we own can ever draw closer to God. So we should always remember that it's so hard and it has even made it possible to become friends with him. The Bible says that, through the death of Jesus, "all things have been joined together, that is, through the blood that Jesus spilled on the tree to make peace." (Col. 1:19, as a result of Osini's suffering, however, we are not lacking in sin and sin.

15 Of what benefit is eating alcohol?

16th century . What further benefits can we think about this Memorial? ( You can watch the picture.)

18 WASS:

Even though, we can make good friends with our neighbor.

The VALDAM CREASTDA us as JEHO VALH

17 The universe allows us to know a new reality. That is because of the fact that he is “ full of pity” with us. The Bible says that, ' He gave us life, even when we were dead in our sins.' ( ReadEphesians 2:4, succumbed.) Those with a good heart can keep you from being finished with life, like the man in the broken room. They believe in the sin and instabilities they have brought with them have made them very hard and uncomfortable, so they are pleading for another person to save them. (Ann. 13,48) As well as their calls, God has made them hear the good news of the Kingdom, so that they will come to know that he is well known to his son John. (John 173) If he had thought that if he were going to sin Adam and Eve and destroy God's arrangement, then he would have put his hand on the ground.

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . How do the bribes prove that there is pity on you? (Ephesians 1:4, Utwe

18 When we are thinking about the challenging blessings we are receiving, we should not forget the issue very important. We should not think that because of the benefits we will get, it is because of the strength that our God has given us, but we should remember that through this we are answerable to the blame that was laid upon him in the garden of Eden. (Gen. 3,1-5, using the bridge, will reduce the name of the snake and made it known that all the things that have been said about it are not true. Also, because God loves us, through the strength he will save us from sin and death. Also, even though we are fallible, because of his grace, it has given him the chance to make known to people that he is a liar. (Proverbs. 27:11) What can you do to show your deep interest in you? There will be an answer to this question in the next lesson.

28. When we are thinking about the blessings we are receiving, what is the most important issue that should not be forgotten?

VALDM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

What do we have to forgive?

What hope do we have for the future generations to end?

Are we in agreement with God again?

NDW ranked 19

Mr. Wanmbiri's food

Mar.Mar. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

NDW figure 18

Our eyes are turning turning turning red.

Dzia YEBOSAA

We will consider how all of us can show our gratitude for the strength.

What Are Bereaves?

The love that Christ has encourage us. ”—2 Cor. 5:14.

If WAS you are in a broken room and someone will pick you up, won't you just tell what the person has done for you? Even if you are not alone and the person did not respond to you, you might also like to thank him and make you feel so grateful for what he has done for you.

2 As we have seen in the previous lesson, we are not in a position to save ourselves from sin and death. But the sacrifice of Jesus can save us and give you the one who has sin, (2) the hope for the future we have been born with, and (3) we have been back with God again. Because of this, we have hope that we can live forever in the new world of Jehovah. The construction shows that Jesus loves us so much. Just like it, even before he came to earth, he loved people. (Proverbs. The apostle Paul wrote that “the love the Christ has encourage us. ( Read 2 Coronavirus 5:14, 15) What this shows is that, we need to love and appreciate the love that Jesus has shown to us.

3 Of what benefit will the sacrifice of evil force you to do it? It's too much to and it's too much to do to someone else. Let's use an example to explain this saying: Take it for granted that there are three people who want to travel to a town, but it's the largest place where each of them has. Since all of them do not have one place, it will be the only “way” for each of them to reach the town. Just like us, we want to be grateful for the strength, but there is so much distance between us and between us,

1-202 What purpose should the sacrifice of Jesus have for us, and why? 2.2 Coronism 5:14, fid ( You can watch the picture.)

3. What is the reason why it is so great for each of us to show our respect for the matriline?

20

If we put in a broken room and someone will reject us, if the sin we are born with is that someone has saved us from, we give thanks to someone who came to save us.

(See section 1- 2000)

therefore, what symmers do to show interest in the matriline, it is not that he or she will do too. In this lesson, we will consider how Bible students, Christians who have not been arrested and those who have stopped serving Jehovah can be appreciated for their hard work.

BIverbE ESUAFO

4 In Bible studies, keep in mind that even the Bible you are studying shows that you want it to take you as a friend and drew you to it. (John 6:44; Andrew. 13,48) The Bible says that "make sure of all heart.' This news shows that he sees your heart and sees the effort he is trying to learn about it, and when he sees you struggle to change your life and live by his words, he makes you very happy. (Proverbs. 173; 7:11) Just like it is that, because of the strength, it can make a friend of Jehovah better. (Rom. 5:10, ge children don't always forget this fact.

5 What can you do to show your interest in the Bible when you are studying? One of the best things that can be done is to apply the advice of the apostle Paul to the people of Philip. He advised them: “As we have already discussed, so don’t let us walk on our feet. (Phil. 3.16) Another translation of the Bible says: “The place we have heading with our eyes, let us keep our eyes open. Remember, the road of life is in the right way, so he should not allow anything in the world to worsen it.—Matt. 7:14; July 7:22.

6 And if you have just read some Bible truths, but what exactly is hard to believe? If this is so, we were researching that issue, and plead with God to help you to understand better. (Psym. 86:11) Despite all this, it is still hard for you to accept that explanation, don't worry too much but keep away from it for a while, and continue to study the Bible. Sometimes you want to stop some bad behavior, but it's hard for you. If so, remember that you will never let us do something we can't have done before. So, what he said in his words, you can live by it. ( Read Diana 30:11–14.) He has even promised to help you. (Isa. :10, number 1 Cor. 10:13) So don't give up. Don't focus too much on what's disturbing you, but think about the good things that Asamoah has done for you and be grateful for it.

4. What did you find about the students of the Bible?

5. How have Bible students applied the advice at Philip 3:16?

6. What can be done if Bible students find it hard to believe a lie or abandon a bad character? (Deuforomy 30:11– 14) ( You can watch the picture.)

JANUary 202621

His directives are not difficult. smoke—1 John 5:3. * Loansy tie at the gate: " It's not hard. smoke—1 John 5:3. * Also, milk milk is very expensive, and then Portuguese is not very expensive. ow, then em-tash—, 1 John 5:3. *Par 7:7 And what about the children who are training in the truth? Human beings are also students of the Bible. In fact, the most important of all their parents are students of the Bible. The Bible says: “There is no God who will punish the decisions. (Jas. 4:8; 1 Mtam. 28.9) If you take the initiative in some other things that will bring you closer to God, he too will punish you. It's not that your family is as ambitious as Joseph Adase, but he wants to take you as a friend too. What has happened to him that can make him or her friend? He was his son who made him die. That's why we shouldn't joke with this precious gift at all. (Rom. 5:1, So here is why before the Memorial, you think about the blessings that Jesus' death has brought to you. Then, encourage your wife to join you in achieve some of the goals set for you in service to Jehovah. If so, then you are showing that you are grateful for what you have done through his Son, Jesus. Millet words: - ye- o- o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o- o- o - o - o- o- o - o- o- o- o- o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o- o- o- o - o- o - o - o- o- o - n- o - n- o - n- o - n- o - n- n- n- n- n- n- n- n- n- o - n- o - n- n- o - n- o - n- o - n- o - n- o - o - n- o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - n - o - n - n - n - o - o - o - n - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - n - n - n - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - y - y - y - y - y - y - n - n - n - n - n - n - n - n - n - n - n - n - n - n - n - n - o - o - o - o - n - n - n - o - n - n - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - n - n - n - n - o - n - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - o - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y - y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( y ( ": you will see him as well.

not from heart, but from heart. One of these brothers or sisters will participate, attend the meeting, and go out in the ministry, but to see what, was it not because he loved God, but because he is doing such things, he has to. If we see that love for him is as strong as he was before, what can he do?

The 10th century, the Paul asked Timothy to think more about the things he did in service to God and focus his heart on everything he did. ( Read 1 Timothy 4:13, 15) You too can take this advice to heart, and think about the practical things that will help you to serve Jehovah better, so that you will continue to “be hot in the spirit.” (Rom. 12:11; see the explanation of the ' Be agrolog with the guinea fowl' in the nttsie- E.) One that you will need to learn more about what you will learn at the meeting so that you will be able to listen attentively and listen attentively to the program. Or if you are not speaking in order to get the best out of it, you may need to find places where it is hard to think and think more about what you're going to learn. When you put fire in the fire, when you pour it out, you will touch it so that you can cook it well. Similarly, if you see that your passion for hard times is the new things that have been given to you by Jehovah, you can do this, and you will be motivated to continue to be as grateful as before. Also, if it is too late to attend the Memorial, you can think about the various blessings that Jehovah has given his Witnesses. Just like it is that, if it happens, it will enhance the taste of the alcohol, because without it, we can't share it with each other.

11 If it is still there that you see the zeal and zeal that go down in service to God, don't don't be discouraged.

10. How can you apply the advice from Paul to Timothy? 1 Timothy 4:13,

1112. Just when you see that the zeal for serving Jehovah is increasing, does it mean that you have lost your spirit? Explain. ( You can watch the picture.)

Sometimes, even if you feel that you are doing the right things to serve him, he or she should keep an eye on you and do (See section 11-12)

don't give up or think that God has made the sacred spirit from you. If it were in such a situation, he would have said something the King-in-law wrote to the people of wheat when he was talking about the ministry of the word. He wrote: “If I do not do this from my heart, in all of them I have been given a housekeeping job. 1 Cor. 7:17) What did he mean?

12 Sometimes nothing suggested that Paul speak the good news. But, even if he had such a feeling, he wouldn't give up but he was happy with his ministry. So you can also learn from Paul. Sometimes you don't even feel like doing what you want from Jehovah, and you try and do it. You can plead with him to let his passion and strength do that. (Phil. 2.13) Keep on doing the things that will help you to serve Jehovah better. If so, you can be sure that as you continue, the love for Jehovah will become stronger and the zeal that the service would again become stronger.

13 The Bible at 2Colossian times states: “. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ."

13 How can we continue to examine ourselves to see if we are “in the faith”?

JANUary 2026 2

Ask yourself, ‘How much can I do this time to get closer to you?’

(See chapter 7

don’t keep testing whether you have faith; don’t keep testing yourself for someone who is real. Because as Paul said, there is still time for us to examine ourselves to see if our lives are in order and we are still in the faith. We can ask ourselves: ‘Am I putting Kingdom interests first in my life?' (Matt. Afterward 2017) ‘What is my favorite activity shows that I am not a bad person?’ (Psym. 97:10) Am I trying to speak or do things that will promote peace and unity in the congregation? (Eph. 4:2,PP The Memorial season will play an important role in bringing these questions into consideration. Because if we do that, it will make us think more about what both God and Jesus have done for us and will encourage us to be grateful for the strength. And as Paul said, if we do that too, we are showing that we don't understand each other anymore, but we understand for Christ. *

Those WOECYA JEHO Vah Sper

14 As we speak, some of our brothers have stopped worshiping Jehovah. Some people have been impregnated for years.

* To find ways to express your gratitude to God for what he has done to you, see the theme “What Are You Thanking for? It is in the June 15, 1995 Kingdom.

14. Of what benefit is it to distance some Christians from the congregation?

For, and for others, they would serve the god for a few months and stop. What made them stop? Some are afflicted by the “disquietment of life” and are under pressure. (Luke :34 Others, something said or did by their fellow Christians that they were suffering. (Jas. 3,2) Others committed a serious sin but because they were shy they were not helped by the elders in the congregation. But, regardless of what you are allowed to stay away from the congregation, what can you do about it? What exactly is the love that has been showed by both God and Jesus to you?

15 Those who have left the worship of Jehovah, have been sacked by him? She is innocent. Instead, he looked for the people behind them, and when he sees them, he educated them and helped them return to him. ( Read Ezekeerebure 34:11,12). Are you sure you are helping someone else to return to worship him? Ewe! Even the news he is learning shows that he wants to be happy. Remember, God sees good in your heart, so he drew you to the truth. And he still sees good in your heart, so he wants to draw you back to him.

15 What did you do to show your concern for those who have separated from the congregation? (Ezekiah 34:11,12 p.

24

16 If you look at the books that are named San Gaburo, you will see the encouraging words: “Be assured that, if you return to God, he will save you. It will help you to cope with your stress, and remove any pain from yourself. Then you will develop a positive attitude, and it will give you heart and heart. That will encourage you and your fellow Christians to return to serve Jehovah again. Keep in mind, the elders in the congregation want to help you. They look like “the shelter in the air, and the shelter in the air is in the air. (Isa. 322) We know that you are very grateful, so ask yourself, ‘How many things can I do this time to get closer to you and to you?’ (Isa. 1:18; 1 pet. 2.25) You can attend the meeting at the Kingdom Hall. You can also approach an elder and inform him that you need help to return to worship Jehovah again. Some of them will plan for someone to study the Bible with you sometime. Be assured that the effort you are making to serve Jehovah again shows that you are grateful for the sacrifice, and that you will be blessed by him.

16th century . Of what benefit is it to those who have abandoned the worship of Jehovah toback him from doing so? ( You can watch the picture.)

What will you do about it?

17 Jesus said that Joseph sent him to sacrifice his life “for the sake of those who believe in him not to be destroyed, but he has not yet come to an end.” (John 3:16) Because of this power, God will save us through the hands of sin and death. It is because of this that each of us needs to be content with it. (Rom. 3,23, 24; 2 Cor. Afterward1 When it comes to the Memorial days, let's take time to think about the love shown to us by both God and Jesus, and let us let this love stimulate us to be grateful for all they have done for us.

18 What is the best way to show your gratitude to God? To show his interest in it, he may not do that and others too. But he said that, many of his servants are trying not to sit down for themselves anymore, but rather live for someone who died for them. So be assured that as you continue to do that, Jehovah will bless you.—2 Cor. 5:15

17-30. How can we make good use of our time before the Memorial season?

But what are some of the people who are associated with this rite?

classify Bible students

Christians who have not been identified

For those who have abandon their faith in Jehovah

NDW is 14%.

Thank you to the new King of the earth

Mar. 30 "APRil 5, 2026

NDW till 76

Majority of Wearhoods

Dzia YEBOSAA

We will learn how to use the word of the truth to reach people's heart.

Share the truth with Asamoah.

"good morning, she gave birth to the true God."—NDW. :5.

When we meet a fellow Christian first, we often ask him, "How did you come to know the truth?" As some say, "they taught them the truth". Others say that, recently they “will know the truth.” We do this because we believe that what we have learn from God's word is true and that's how we live. What is the purpose of doing this? Because we know that if we can come to be part of his family, we must learn the truth and live our lives by it. One thing we do that shows that we are living the truth is by being honest and living the right way.—Psalm. 151-3.

2 Jesus was always right. His enemies were not happy with what he said, but they thought he was honest with them. (Matt. Bro16) Jesus gave his followers insight into how people would react to the reality he teaches. He said: “I brought a division and a vote, for a man to stand against his father, and a girl to stand against his mother, and a woman to stand against his mother-in-law. (Matt. They say that, it is not the intention of the fire every day. So it wasn't what David wanted because if he told people the truth with his students, they would complain about it. But he made them realize that if they tell the truth, that would be so. (Matt. nr 37) He knew the reality that it would divide people in the whole world: those interested in Bible truths are those who don't.—2Thess. 2.9-11.

1. To be part of the family of Jehovah, what must we do?

2. (a) How did people know about Jesus? (b) How would people react to the fact that Jesus taught?

26

3 As Jesus did, we also try to be truthful at all times, and even if we tell the truth and make us laugh at people, we don't stop. Also, if others don't like to be informed about Bible truths, that doesn't allow us to make a decision. But does this mean that we shouldn't think about how to share Bible truths with others is the time to do that? Of course not! In this lesson, we will find the answer to these questions: who can know the truth? When we are done, we will consider the following questions: So why do we have to tell the truth? How can we tell the truth? At what stage do we have to tell the truth? The answer to these questions will help us to know how to tell the truth to be calm, and when to do that.

When was the last time you made a decision?

4 Human beings are brought forth by every truth from God. All he says is true. All he has said about good and evil is true. (Psym. 19,142, 151) What has been said about the future will also be achieved. (Isa. 50:10, Jedze Odiri's promise always comes true. (No. colon19) The reality is that, God never can lie! (Heb. Afterward18) As the Bible explains that Jehovah is “the God of truth” and does not help.—Psalm. :5.

5 Some people say it is hard to know who is the true God, but they help. The surroundings allows us to know that he is there and we can see him. (Rom. 1:20) When the apostle Paul was speaking to a group of European leaders in Athens, he said that God wants us to “ seeing him” and that “he is not far away from each of us in the world” ( Read John 1727.) In fact, he personally drew humble people who are searching for the truth to come to him.—John 6:44.

6 One way we can get to know Jehovah is by studying the Bible. The men who wrote the Bible, God gave him the sacred spirit, helped him to be able to write it. 2 pet. 1:20, therefore, everything in the Bible is true and we can rely on it. For example, the Bible explains that the universe was created by God, and he created humans and animals on earth. (Gen. Also, it shows the reason why we sin is the reason why there is a lot of suffering and death in the world. (Rom. Also, it shows that through his Son, God will solve all the problems that are part of the “fierce” of the seed. (John 5:44; Roma. Aside these, the Bible promises that, Jesus will destroy the wicked, raise the dead, he will clean the earth, and help us to become independent people. (John 11:25,26; 1 John 3:8) We can believe all that the Bible says. As a result of this, he has been given a great opportunity. It has taught us the truth, and it has also given us the responsibility to help others to know the reality about it.—Matt. 28.19, 20.

SiPPS J NANWAN n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n

7 As discussed earlier, if we want to be part of the family of Jehovah, that should be true. But if we can

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

4. So why can we say that every truth is from God?

5. So why is it easy to know the true God? Explain. (Acts 17 27)

6. What are some of the truths found in the Bible, and why do you like to know these truths?

7.8%. Does it matter the reason why we are honest? Share an example. (Mark 3:11, etc. ( You can watch the various movies.)

JANUary 2026 27

When it comes to teaching the truth, what are you going to do to honor it? (See section 7-30.)

please, not only is not the truth but we have to do something different. The reason for our being honest is very important to you. Let's look at an event that occurred during the reign of Jesus serving on earth. ( Read Mark 3:11, 12) He was preaching the good news near the sea and was gathered by the crowd. Some of them had a spirit, and will fall down in front of Jesus and So why did the spirit from him say this? One whom they wanted to believe in, and stay away from Jehovah. What the spirit said was true, but it was not a good idea. Jesus was aware that they were not positive, so he was not happy with what they did. That's why he ordered the spirit from him not to be criticized.

8 What benefits can we learn from this issue? That's because, the idea we use in the truth is very important to you. So we need to share the facts with others with an open mind. And if we share the good news with others and praise us, we will give it to John with glory.—Matt. 5:22 p.m. compared to John 14.12-15.

9 Let's look at something else that we shouldn't want to. He accused us of being a congregation elder, and he ended up asking us not to say such a thing to anybody. But we told people only about that food. If later those we said to them will know that the story is true, some of them will make us like it and even think that we don't know some new things that they don't know. This can make you think we are special people, and if that happens, it doesn't make us please God. (Proverbs. 11.13) Of what benefit is it? The reason is that, even though what we said is true, but we were not sent, and apart from that, the reason we remember it is not good.

9. What are the benefits we should not do, and why?

28th century . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Observe YEBESSI name the No.R

10 ReadColossaes 4:6. The apostle Paul said to the Christians in Colossae that, they should always make their speech pleasant. What is this saying? The English word used here shows that when we speak, we should use the words our listeners will benefit, communicate well, and also say things that will touch their hearts.

11 To teach people the truth, we need to apply Paul's advice and make oral speech easier. The Bible explains that the truth of God's word is like a sharp knife, and it can separate our soul from our spirit. What this saying shows is that, God's word can prove what is in our heart and mind. (Heb. 196412) On the other hand, if we misuse the Bible, it can make people angry and bring about real harm. What would happen if something like this happened?

12 Let's take it for granted that we have done something good through our ministry. We found out that he is very ambitious, and he is also married to his family in northern and East. We can use the Bible to make it known that it is not crazy to play in public, and that both Bono and Easter are also from the god. (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. But, if we say this to the man the very day we met him, it is hard to tell the truth, but we would not use the word of God well.

13 Paul also told us that we should make our speech clear. It wasn't what he meant to mean that we shoud the truth or hide it. But it was a dream.

10. When it is said that someone's mouth is sweet, what's the meaning of it? (Colossians 4:6)

1112. What is the reason why when we are teaching people the truth, should we be careful with our speech? Take an example. ( You can watch the various movies.)

13 How can we make our speech meaningful?

How can you effectively explain the facts? (See section 11-12)

We need to learn from Jesus and let our students know what they should do in the right time, and we should not lose everything we know about them (See section 7).

He advised us that when we explain the facts, let's make speech easier for our listeners to enjoy. (Job 12:11) But this is not easy. When we are cooking, some of us would like to think that if we add salt as we want, it will make everyone happy. Likewise, we would not want to think that the way we talk is to everyone's best. But that is not the case at all. For example, when it comes to other countries, people say things clearly; even if someone is older than them, how do they communicate with him? But in some countries, when people say things clearly, they see them as they do not know or respect language. Paul said we need to know how to “make a family for everyone. This means that, we should not think that how we speak or how we communicate is how they speak, but rather than how we talk, we should make it feel to our listeners.

however, he patiently taught them many things. (Mark 6:34 However, there was still a lot that they needed to learn. Jesus did not give up all that he had known him to them. He knew it wasn't time for them to understand some truths. He even said they couldn't carry those truths at that time. (John 1:12) What do you mean by this saying?

The time will come for us to talk to the owner of the world.

14.(Ayafo)(Ayafo)(Akofo)) was able to communicate well with his followers at the time of the final lockdown.

*114. succumbed when Jesus was on earth, did he educate his students with all the knowledge? Explain.

The 15th anniversary of Jesus' death shows that knowing the reality does not mean that we should use only one day to educate people about everything we know. How can we learn from what Jesus did? When we are studying the Bible with people, we need to let them know that we care about them. Let's return to look at the man who is married to him and his family to Burkina and the 17 Easter. We know that these celebrations are from gods and are not approved by God. But believe that if we started to study with the man, they would have been there for a week or two to eat.

*315. ... should we use a day to educate our Bible students about all we know? Explain. (Proverbs nr11) ( You can watch the picture.)

30 BEGINK n.E. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Borenya. If we let him know what the Bible says about femininity, and we expect him to immediately stop eating Boronya, can we say we are making oral noise? It is true, some Bible students make use of what they learn from the Bible very early. But sometimes it takes some time to change their attitude or way of thinking. To help our Bible students to apply what they are learning, we need to let them know what they should do, that is, what they can carry, at the right time.— ReadProverbs 1:11.

16 One of the greatest reasons for our happiness is to help our Bible students to know the reality of Jehovah. We can do the following things to help them keep the truth clean: We need to continue to live a good life so that they can be like us. (3) John 3, also known as John, should use our lives to prove that we believe the promises in God's word. Also, when it comes to speaking about the facts, we need to do that with good intentions. Apart from these, if we are to explain the facts, we need to make our speech easier and know when it is right that we can tell them some truths. But if the teachers are moved by their heart and praise you, then take the respect for you to give it to you. If so, it would prove that he really worships the true God, God, Jehovah.

16th century . How can we help our Bible students to continue to “go on walking in the truth”?

In the second picture, the brother gives a piece of information that can help fathers to teach the father. Are there two ways that the brother can produce the evidence?

When did ESUA Efi write?

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Thank you to the Colossa people at 5:6

What is the meaning of the proverbs for the 11th term?

NDW is 120.

evangelism!

JEHO VA leaves the JEH VALD

In January 2026 it was Vol. 144, No. 1 FranE

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

What we are going to learn March 2-8 o 2

Continue searching for “the guidance of God”

What we are going to learn March 9-15 o 8

You Can Be Helped by Asamoah

What we are going to learn March 16-22 o 14

The Money We need in Weaving

What we are going to learn March 22-29 is 20

What Are Bereaves?

What we are going to learn March 30 "APR 5 o' 26

Share the truth with Asamoah.

hygienic sensitization that can help you against ESUA ADZE

Take a picture of a Bible issue that you are reading

The Bible is full of history, and the important lessons in it are also full of meaning. Considering what we are reading with our eyes, it will help us to understand more fully and we will benefit more from it. Look for some things that can help you to picture what you have read.

Read it and let it out of your mouth. If you read the Bible to the mouth, it can help you to think more about what you have read. If you are playing in your family to read the Bible, every spirit can pick up one of the people who are reading about you and read it as the person is talking. This will help you to get a closer picture of the issue.

Take a closer look at what is going on. The people we have read about, it's because they can see what was going on in their heads is how they feel. Ask yourself: ‘What made the person say that story, or did it? If so, how many times will I have to think or do I?'

There is a lump in it. Even if you do not know how to build a pool and try to draw something about what you have read, it will help you to picture it, and it will help you to remember their story.

We are not going to sell this book. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People are willing to contribute towards helping. If you want to contribute this, please visit Donate. .org.

All the Bibles in this book are from the Holy Scriptures—The New World Translation, the Holy Scriptures and the Bible, instead of a other translation.

The Watcher (IS SS0043-1087) January 2026 is released by the Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Ghana, House No. J348-1, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. Watch Watch 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Pensylvania.

Go to jw.org or check this symbol.

JW.org ?

w26.01-FA