July 2026

PIGERA ZOTUE call the kingdom of Jehovah

IN THE NATIONal STATES ARE: SEPTEMBER 7–OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

The 88th year of his report

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Can we talk about something that Gideon could learn about, and how he helped them.

Tonɛ can learn something from Gideondoma.

The people of Gibeondoma have a strong desire for the people of Israel and are forced to return to their homeland. 10:1.

When the people of Israel invaded Egypt, they were no longer in the country that the year God had given them. He helped the people of Israel to win the war. And later, some people from the Canaean tribes heard what the people of Israel did and went to their place. They were said to be from such a place that they wanted the peacefulness of the gathering.

2 The people who went to Israel were all Gideon. That's how the Bible began to speak about Gideon. The Baabula indicates that the Gibeondoma continued to exist with the IS for many years. You can learn a lot from Gideon's problem. The question will help us to know how much he loves her.

make it plain that he has a smile on his face.

The only way the Israelites lived in the Mediterranean was through the years when seven of them were to be fought. These trees have a lot of people, including most of the people of Israel. (Three. One of these trees is HIV. The Gibeondoms also lived in the Hivi states. They lived in Gibeon. The Gideonites spent a lot of time in the country. Joseph. 10:2. The Canadians like to fought against the IS and the Gabonese peoples like to know that they can't fight Israel. They used to know that the Lord was fighting for Israel.

1-2. Why do we have to learn about Gideon?

3. (a) Who were the people of Gibeondoma? (b) Why do they want to spend the rest of their life in peace with the people of Israel?

2

Gideon appreciated Joshua for the kindness he had done in his father-in-law. (See also vol. 4

The children realized that even though he gave the country of Cana'an to Israel, he had already given it. Yes 34:11; Yos. 9:24) And so, the men of Israel who were defeated in Yerika, and the trees of Ai, the people of Gibeondoma did a lot of work to the people of Israel to the extent that they wanted to have peace with them.

Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeondoma customs to Hosu when they're from neighbouring countries. They said to me that they knew that the God of Egypt was the only one who defeated the Egyptian army and helped the people of Israel fight against the enemy. The tortoise used to be very intelligent. They

Don't talk about the Israel people who fought in Jericho. If they spoke in that manner, the people of Israel would know where it was from. The reason why people behave so quickly is because they can't hear of this. Joshua and the older men of Israel apparently accepted the leadership of Gideon after they had agreed to what they had said. They didn't ask him why. Joseph. 9:14, 15) That was after, not long before the people of Israel realized that the Gibeondoms had deceived them. And the people of Israel regret that they were born “in the name of the king of Israel.” Joseph. 9:16-19) The people of Israel were told by the name of Gibeondoma that they would be their ancestors and that "the men of the midwifery class of the town of Israel had gone to the place where the chief was to come. [Jos. 9:27

When I was five years old

Some of the people who went to meet the people of Israel in the year came from the country of Gideon, with three trees called Chipira, Beerot and Ki-riat. 9:17

4. (a) As described at Joshua 9:8-13, how did the nation of Israel become established in peace? (See picture.) (b) How did the people of Israel at that time know that the people of Gideon were after them?

5. What did the Gideonites then do to worship God?

July 2026

When the people of Gibeondoma were at peace with the people of Israel, they were prepared to fight against the Gibeondoma. The people of Gibeondoma were angry with Joshua to come and help them. Joseph. 10:3-7. And so, his son and his daughter-in-law went to Gideon to fight their enemies, so that he could help them succeed. Even though God made the snow fall on Amori's army and made the sun so hot that it was only time for the people of Israel to fall. Joseph. 10:9-14) The people of Gideon who were at peace with Joshua and later with him said that he would come to their aid, showing that they trusted in God. They used to believe that God would intervene and save them.

Does this make us realize how important Jehovah is? It has made it possible for us to be patient and patient with people. He told the Israelites that they would kill the people of Cana'an. The mother of Gibeondo was also a part of Canada. (Foreignity. 33.51, 52) And as for Israel, the mother of peace and the people of Gibeondoma, the Lord sang to their eyes and granted them their lives. It is clear that the people of Israel did not ask Yaho-and-so many times before the people of Gibeondoma and Yaweh were fighting their kindness. He helped the people of Israel with their work and defeated the giants. -Jos. 9:26; 11:19.

7 How do I get to speak with the Beyondo? We must believe in God. We know better about God than Gideon. That's why we have to buy ourselves some tomatoes. (Yes 40.4,5 Any work done in the name of the Lord must be done in the memory of his people; it must be done in the name of his name forever; it must be done in the name of his name forever. Joseph. 9:23, 27) There is one young man whose name is Luke who says that he straight is a younger man and a younger man who works as a pastor. It is true that this man used to work as a waitress at Bethel while he was still too young to work in the royal hospital. Luke said: "I know it doesn't seem normal to think that we are baffled or that we must teach that we are baffled." Let's trust in Jehovah and turn to him in true wisdom. If we trust in God and do all things with all our will to put him in the army, it shows that we trust in him.

If someone fails to do all the work, it means he has broken the law.

The Bible informs us what happened to Gideon and King Saul. King Saul was trying to “tear down the kingdom of Israel” because of the fact that he wanted to kill the giants who lived in Israel. Many of them died when he was a child. Don't eat. 21:2,5,6 Saul was a very good-looking man. Saul was not following the bravery of the Israelites into Gideon.

The Bible doesn't say exactly why Saul killed some lions. Some writers think that Saul was no longer fond of being Samuel in Israel because he did that.

6. How did God give help to Gideon?

7. Can we talk about Gideon and his family? How did they live together? (See picture.)

8. What purpose did King Saul serve in Gideon's capacity?

4 PIGRA ZONTUA

Lie down and make yourself comfortable so that people can see things from a distance; that would mean they were speaking to the people of Gibeondoma.

(See also Literacy 7

9 Jehovah was not interested in some people who worked in Gideon's plan there. As long as David was king over Israel, he was king over the kingdom for three years. It was raining heavily in Israel this year. David was asking for the reason why he had his rain on the floor. He was told that his anger was burning; some of the things that happened to Saul and some of the others were dead in the city of Gibeondoma. 21:1

10 counts 2 Samuel 2:3-6. David asked Gideon what he could do to fall asleep. The Gideoness didn't tell David to give them more money. They used to say that “it’s not about gold that Ill use it to make a lot of money.” The accountant would not concede that a person had failed to pay the fine. (Foreignity. 35.30, 31) They also knew that without the king's permission, no one could be killed. That way, David told the Gideonites that they were killing seven dogs in Saul's compound. Those who were killed in the war were probably the people who had helped Saul to kill many of the lions. After that, when it was raining in Israel the country was full of food. They used to say that the anger of God will not be poured out; the people of Israel must have done something bad to the people of Gibeondoma. 21:9, 10, 14.

11 Things help us know how to please God? It lets us know that he is very patient. (Yes KDE28) Many people do not like the people of their country or the people in their clan. That's why they work with magic. And he wants to do it for everyone. In his time, he would carry out his duties as well as showing pity on his people. Again, remember that, if we keep an eye on a person, it is as if he were going through a difficult time for the people of Israel to follow the laws of Gideon. "Give me at 1:9.

12 How do we talk about Gideon? Even if our aunts do something wrong, we may hide.

9. When did Yaweh show his anger on Saul doing what he did in Gideon?

10. How did the people of Gibeondoma ever show their support for their God-fearing-law?

11. Does this make us realize how important Jehovah is?

12. How can we talk to the Gideones when they do something wrong?

July 2026

He is anxious to know the result. If we do that, it means we have faith in his abilities. Please tell Mmabila about Laura French. He began working in Canada's Bethel in 1926. Ten years later they did this wonderful job. He was falsely accused of corruption in his community. That's why they didn't allow him to work at Bethel. What did she sing about the incident? It was there that the news broke him and he didn't speak the native language. When she was four years old, she saw him working on a four-year-old. In 1940, he was happy to be back in Boston. He lived in Bethel until he was 50 years old. When Mrs. French is spoken, they can still do what is right and just wait for the right time to resolve the problem. [Issah] tomato, 4.

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR

13 After the death of King David, it took some 500 years for thebabu to talk about Gideon. Judah was a Japanese citizen of Babylon until he was seventy years old. It was not until the year 537 BCE At the time of the Judahites' return from Jerusalem to Jerusalem Ezar. 2:1, 2, 58) June 468 BCE Some Jews went through Ezra who was a secretary to Jerusalem. Ezar. 7:1-7) Who left Babylon and followed Jeroboam, and Ezra went back to Jerusalem a year ago The rest of the household workmen attended.

13th. (a) Who was the houseworker of God? (b) How was the year that the Judahites were separated from Babylon?

The people of Judah have returned to Jerusalem. When they were children of Israel and most of them were Gideon's family.

14 counted 1 word at 9:2. The names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names of the names. What they did at that time was more than what some Jews used to live in Babylon. Most of the Judahites lived in pagan cities in Babylon for a lot of money. That way, they didn't want to leave their camera life and return to Jerusalem to live in the country. Some of those in Gideon's family, and some of the Judahites who were believed to have been believed, want to return to their original home and worship God there. It was not until then that the king gave them all the strength back. The Judahites had no land in Israel and the Gibeondoma tribes had no land. And they still want to return to Israel, so they can work at the temple and help to build the Jerusalem hall. 3:26

15 tell me about it. How did you know that God is pleased with you? This made it known that he loves people who praise him and that he takes care of them well. Asamoah spent a lot of years in Gideon's office. By the time the Babylonian were destroyed in Jerusalem, the people of Babylon were trapped in God's name. When they returned to Israel, then, he made them work again at the temple of the LORD. Maybe some years have passed since then. Ezar. 2:70; never 11:21) Who was working in the consecrated house

14. How did Gideon grow to be a man of integrity to his God? (1 word 9:2)

15. The question of Gideon made us know how to please God?

6 PIGRA ZONTUA

on account of the pot, the kings of Persia did not allow them to pay their taxes. [Ear. 7:24

16 How do we talk about Gideon? We want to try to please him and help people to do that. Time and time again changed how we could give thanks to our God. The reason for this is that he likes it and wants to be happy. The name of one of the brothers here in the Philippines is Alwin. She used to have a good job and earn a lot of money. And when he was young he did a lot of work for Jehovah. No matter what the weather is, Alwin asked for the opportunity to go on a picnic with his boss this week. Doing that made him happy That way, Alwin asked Yaw to help him change jobs, and he also did what he could to be a good musician. Alwin realized that if he changed jobs, he would never make a lot of money. And he was happy when he realized how he had changed his job and how much he had started doing it. He was a woman and he worked on a business trip. Both of them were able to help 21 people learn about and worship Jehovah. Aba'anɛ is not as happy as Alwin and his wife work for him. We can be sure that he is as happy and encouraging as we are. He will give us whatever we need. 6:33

The 17th Schedule dedicated to God's help in Gideonedona dealt with him in a great way. To make sure that God is smoking a grave, he is jovial, he is talking clearly and well with his people. He always brings up those who praise him for the truth. Find out more about Gideon As a God-fearing-people, we want to trust in him and know who will help us even when that happens. We want to pierce a ton with every kind of work that he receives in his praise. If anyone does something wrong, he will be relieved and believe that God will intervene. We want to dedicate our lives to the truth. Let's toss Gideon's umbrella and talk to them.

16. How can we be so loyal to God as to the Gideonites?

17. What did we learn about Gideon?

WE Can talk about GIBONDOMA. Let's go. Let's go.

Can you make out a light in the distance?

If anyone does something wrong?

Can you give thanks to God?

Anniversary 148

SEPTEMBER 14-20,

Anniversary 41 Please Hear My Prayer (this is Soso listen to Me)

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Can we figure out how to delete Asamoah's book as quickly as possible? It's a bad idea.

Is Asamoah's letter to me?

I'll teach you there as much as I taught your child. Jesus 66:13

Think of how bad it's been for him to finish talking about it. Maybe his family is to change as soon as he can't find his friends. Maybe he did something wrong. How can his mother help his son with this problem? he'll hug her, masquerade her and make her know that he likes her.

In the Babules, God has blessed his son and his son-in-law with a sword. She said, "I'll teach you there as much as I taught my child." Jesus. 66:13) Jehovah loves you more than his beloved son. Jesus. 49:15) In the east of Babylon, the Lord sent a message to the heart, the mind to the heart, the mind to the heart, the mind to the heart.—Arom 15:4.

There are many interesting things in Jesus's novel. Jesus. 40:1) When Jesus was believed to have written the story about the last man in the world We are also at a time when things are "handy to people." That's how we need it. 2 Tim. 3:1) Let's forget about what happened to you in Jesus's letter.

1-2. How often does it rain?

3. What will we learn in this lesson?

8

Have a look at how hard it is to get here, how fast it is now, how painful it can be when someone dies?

If our box is dry Wana KALAM

The price can change as soon as possible. (No. 9:11; 1 Ko. 7:31) A dog can catch a fox or a fox that can catch a fox and be in the middle of the game. Or they can change to work in the office of the Lord. Such a change could lead to a fatal disaster. That could make him ask questions such as 'What shall I do now?' One of the brothers who served as Joseph's father-in-law until he was 17 years old said of his son-in-law: "I'm all ears. I had no idea what I was going to do, so I worked at Bethel for a long time. It's getting harder for me. If our books get here on time, how will Asamoah write to us?

5 count Christiah 42:16. He is happy to teach people who are in peace so they can follow the route they don't know let go of dark. The words "bore" and "locusts" are not normally used in the past, but can also be used in the past, especially when there is a problem here. It may seem that we are in the forest and we don't know where to go. And he let us know that, it is not necessary for us to get this trouble, he will not make it difficult for him to help us. If it were dark, she would catch him by the arm and cause him to feel light in the road. Boyoro will do it if he leaves his way.

4. If our room changes quickly, what will be the cause of it?

5. What did Asamoah 42:16 mean? (See picture.)

Even if the leaf changes quickly, God will never change its meaning (see also reading.)

“I will take [it] to the place where he] lives and I will never give it a gift. Let's go. Let's go. ",I won't refuse [hoo]"

We can be successful. How did he do that by? He follows the Bible, his family and the church. (Yes 15)105; Isa. 30:21) He can let our brothers help us in some way. Even if we don't know what'll happen to us, we don't believe he'll help us. As a result, she likes us so much that she knows what's going on. [Issah] 41.10; 1 Pe. 5:6,7.

6 Joseph discussed with himself that, as soon as he and his wife left for Bethel, they find out how God really helped them. He said: "We have seen how he helped us, how much we have known the difference between the two of us. She went to the zoo to help us. He is always finding himself in a difficult situation at the right time.” If your friend changes quickly, be certain that he or she will help him or her to the best of their abilities. Jesus. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph further said: "Let's finish this once in a year. It said, 'I don't know what's going to happen to me tomorrow and I know I can't be alone. Even if it doesn’t seem that bad things once in a while, we know that he will help us.”

If we have to keep going, we'll never have to continue doing it.

7 if you should do so to the old woman, they will help you to the place where they are

The sentence was given to the group after the year "I Know Jn's With Me." (I know that God exists with me)

6. If our problems change quickly, what will be the cause of his anger?

7. How could it be if someone did it?

Love us. After that, it was all too hard not to do the work again. Mag. 18:13;Jam. 5:14-16; 1 yo. 1:9. Even if the please of God for you, your plan can still be found. You may think, ‘May God forgive me?’ (2 p.m. 2:7. It is true that he can say that, something happened to someone who knows how hard it is to work has happened to him. "I stand by myself, to my neck, to my knees," wrote King David. (Yes 38:3, candidiasis can be broken if he has the will of God.

8 count Christiah 1:18. When he was young, he taught us how to forgive. Even if he says he's wearing a white shirt, he'll let them "push your skirt." No matter how hard the skin is, it is difficult to wash it out. And he let us know that if he shows patience for us, he will never regain the power to do it.

Don't punish King David. It was there that he fell asleep with a woman about to kill someone and that he was hiding from her. Even later, Jehovah was going to say that he was a blacksmith. Don't eat. 11:3, 4, 14, 15, 12:13; 1 9:4,5 for David's sake. That means, if we change, Jehovah will forgive us for making a good decision. How does the book of Stephen help us now, especially when there is a conflict of interest?

10 Read Isaiah 38:17. the meaning was,

8-9 What does Asamoah 1:18 mean?

10. What's the history of Asamoah at 38:17?

10 PIGRA ZONTUA

"I'm not ashamed of myself"

(See volume 11).

“I don’t feel well” indicates that when a person let go of his/her anger, he or she always throws away all the bad things. He always leaves his wallet behind so that he can't see or think again. One of the books explained the meaning of this article, "I feel bad about myself because I've never done anything bad." That's how bad it's been like we've never done it before. If he shows pity to us, he will never regain his memory because of how hard he is. He said: "I will forget all the bad things that happen to me." Jesus. 43:25) How disgraceful! The great and terrible deeds of the Lord are not remembered. That's neither the nor the nor the norm.

11 If you begin to think about the beard

There shouldn't be any excuse for the bad behavior that made him jealous.

it is difficult, it has to remember what the Lord said to us. He said that if he forgave us, he would always forget the issue. He can't stop working because of the bad weather. He doesn't seem to be able to solve people's problems. Jesus. 57:16) At most, it didn't matter to God. The important thing is that of us now, it must be all right tomorrow. Jesus. 55:7) To give thanks to God; to him you are always happy and happy. Therefore, we should not give in to the fact that we have already done anything wrong and that we should not lose any normal life.

11. What does the Lord care about in the past? (See picture.)

July 2026

“The only people who dies will get better”

We hope to see our dead (refer to reading) in the next few hours.

When someone dies, then everyone goes to bed.

12 To hit someone, it was very painful. It'll take years to get used to that kind of thing. At some point, he might ask a elder, 'Why is my witness that I am dying?' One of my brothers was named Michael's father-in-law. Michael says: "I was so angry that I was found guilty to death by God. I know it's because he killed them and why he didn't catch them." The accident happened a lot. If that happens, how will he escape?

13 count Jesus Christ. He has always wanted to “send the execution of God’s will.” Think how it would be without death! No one will ever be hurt. Jesus. 35.10) If he had known someone by name, he would have been very sad then he would not be in the new world. He or she can defend himself against any friends of his or her family who can't be trusted. This is really true, the cause of God's worhip will come true. [Lil. 9:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah 16:19 He will let go of death. He will also get up and buried the dead. “They will develop,” he said. You may pronounce these words: 'I'm a fool'. Does this mean that the only people who die are still alive? Who is it?

12. When someone dies, how can it be?

13th. What did Yaw do that for?

14. When he thinks about it, how does it feel? (Isiah•19) (See picture..)

12 PIGRA ZONTUA

remember them. At the right time, he'll get up. As soon as we lose weight, I am sure the Lord is the one who will resurrect the dead. We'll be very grateful to see you again soon." Add Mark 5:42.

15 To believe that God will raise the dead. In spite of that, it's a bad idea. They did not know that he was right, that he was wrong. Michael spoke to her about the muddled nature of the murder. He said: "Isaah 19 helped me know that he loves my parents so much. He always complains about them and I can get up at the wrong time. This made me so angry that I wouldn’t be late for the party.” Let's remember very clearly that he has already determined to see the dead. If we remember that, it will help us to play.

15. If we can see the naked eye of a stranger, how can we play the guinea fowl?

16 To keep a secret Jesus can wetch our problems quickly if our problems are stirred up quickly, if we have to work harder, if we don't lose our temper alone. How glad we were that he was walking along the path through Babylon! (Yes 94:19) How many letters in the Bible are there in memory of God, when times are hard? He can effort to write a book and put it where he can find it. That will help him to feel better about his job.

16. What page of the Bible is interesting to say, when times are hard to find?

The picture was taken 9 o'clock. The couple left for Bethel and were greeted with cheers. At 11:30 p.m. he has forgotten all about the witchcraft. He's now on the way to Adoŋo School. He's getting excited.

What kinds of disturbance is there? Let's go. Let's go.

What time does Asamoah call Abena?

amsiah 1:18; 38:17?

siah 15:8; 19?

June 3

Our Strength, Our Hope, Our Confidence (To strength, to Tomorrow)

SEPTEMBER 21-27,

12 June

The Most High, the Lord

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

We will learn how to know the meaning of God’s name, why it is important to know him better, how to do it.

Learn more about God’s purposes

Even the best of all, the best of all, the best of all. -Tell me about it Atiŋa handed me over.

History of God is incomprehensible. He is a genius and omnipotent. If we are to blame the President, then we have to worry. It's quite possible that Paul was also busy. He sang: “We all need people of our farms. He is also very clever and well-intentioned. So, how can I make a decision? Who can understand what a foreigner is like? ”—Arom 11:33, 34.

2 It is here that we will not be able to tell lies about God and we will not be able to know his intentions forever. When King David was talking to his son Solomon, he said: " my father is a good counsellor to me, and his mother-in-law. Let's go. Let's go. he competed with her; he would get her. (1 p.m. After so many years, the musician and author of the song will say, "I am sure you are going to come." (1 y) 5:20) Jesus also knew that he would teach "the people he wanted to believe in" the Father gave them. 11:27.

1. How do you feel when you reflect on the wisdom of God, his mercy, and his powerful works?

2. How is it that we can know God?

14

All of us who give thanks to God know a lot about him. They can't blame God for everything. ( sing 3) To know what's going on in his stomach; to know what's going on in his stomach; to know what's going on in his stomach. No matter how long we have to dedicate to God, we need to ask ourselves these three questions: How does it take to know him? Why is it necessary for us to study about God? How can we know better about God? Let's have a talk with this question.

What does it mean to be rich to God?

How can we know God? He sang to the people of Judah who will come out from Babylon: "I will give them any reason to know me, O Lord God." Yes Those who lived in Babylon at that time used to know more about God. It was not until then that they had to build the house of Jehovah. One of Babule's books says: "Who knows God well is best known to him who knows how to be a good friend. It seems that she is reading about love, love, and true love." Even if you know that God is truthful, that's not the only way. We want to know who he really is.

If we know the true God, we'll find out who he is and who he doesn't want. Warn, ignore King Josiah's case. The babysitter said to him: "Since he was a prince eight years ago, he has lived with his father David. " Don't worry. Asamoah taught Boatemaa about industry issues. He's a bad person, and everything he does in his life. Asamoah used to help his son-in-law. He said at the ages that people know him that they should do that. Yes 22:15, 16.

6 Read Job 9:10. If we know him by sight, then we can use this opportunity to add meaning to his. The worker Paul used to do. When they wanted to kill him, he wrote: “I don’t feel guilty. As a result, I am aware of my own mistake.” 2 Tim. 1:12) A study of Paul, while he was still studying theology, found help in getting used to theology. Paul believed that he would never forget his role in the truth and that he would get up after his death.

Why should it happen to me that way?

7 Perhaps it will not be too hard to learn about Jehovah so as to start studying the Bible next year. What could cause that? If we read in the Bible about the history of the Babylonian House or the history of the Tamales, we might think of some of the things that can help us as well as we can. The babysitter tried to do that. 2 Tim. 3:16, 17)

3. Can we talk about this happening?

4. How can we know God?

5. How did King Josiah deal with people who knew what he wanted to do?

6. As at 9:10 p.m., what would make it possible for us to know better about God?

7. If we give thanks to God for all the time, how much more so will our education about the Bible?

July 2026

The Bible has spoken out a lot about God. (Yes 258-10) Therefore, remember all that Babule can do to help us. You should ask yourself, 'What does this mean to me?'

8 To know more about Jehovah, we have to do more about him and about that matter. For example, if we were to read the Bible, look at the JN Broadcasting or to entertainer, how would you think of God? It made us pull our knees at the top of the street. Why is this? In the end, he learned new things about her. That just made him want to be more honest. Asamoah seemed lost. When she sang to her heart's content, she said, “Yen this is my heart’s desire, and I like it very much.” (Clause 73:24-28.) If we try to get to know him better, it makes us so happy with ourselves.

9 The babysitter said “I am” Jehovah. Mag. 3:5, 6) That explains how we study and think about the ways in which God cares for us and how he can do it. If we do that, it will help us to make the right decision. For example, most of the brothers have taken pictures of themselves in their phone or in their initials or on their desks. That helped them think about who the corpse was. The child might be helped to make the decision to humble themselves under a roof and not do anything to slow down the negotiations. That way, if you are thinking about God, it will help us to make the right decision to be happy. [Yes] 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah was pleased with his decision. That's why we can talk about it. (Pin. 1:26) Further knowledge of the Lord will help us to understand how to speak to him. Jesus was wounding the scribes and the Pharisees because they didn't have anything to do with their work. It is true that they were aware of the fact that the names of the men and women were during the menarche period, including the fact that the names of the young men and women were believed to be important. (Mt. 23:23) We want it to be like we want it to be our thoughts, our dreams, our dreams, our dreams and the dreams that come true in the name of God. If we do that, we will be able to talk to God about that. 4:8, 11.

How can we make sure that God is good?

Who's the greatest teacher of all time? It could be that my parents taught me about God. Maybe they sang about it when Babulela was talking about her and made her understand how theology taught her about God. Maybe someone else taught me how to play the oboe. Maybe she spends her life enjoying good health every day! The book educated and helped him to think about Babulela, a wonderful story about her. * (Yes.

What a shame to live every day! the book, 07, chart 5-7.

8. To know better about God, how do we know him? (Early 73:24-28)

9. If we reflect on God, how will it help us to do it? Give an example.

10. If we learn about God, how will he help us?

11. Who's teaching me about Jehovah?

16

PIGRA ZOTU

Think of the sacrifice of God to help us get to know him better (see literacy)

8:8; Typhoon. 14:17) Let's see how we can learn about Jehovah.

12 years old, if you study the Bible, you will know more about God. At some point, the Bible had already taught that to God. Yes Then, after a lot of time, the Bible educated people about their views. When learning about that, think about how he communicates with God.

13 To begin with, he read in the novel of Jeremiah 38-6-13 and saw one of Ethiopia's famous people, Ebed Melek who was also interested in Jeremiah. Perhaps, he saw the powerful character of Ebed Melek as he was trying to help Jeremiah. A quarrel with a knife would end a conversation. And this novel made me know how to please God? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) Where does the news show that Jehovah is?

12-13. If we teach Baabule, how can we understand him? Give an example. (Jeremia 39: 15-18) (See picture of this book.)

Judging from the look of disdain, is it that he is suspicious of people who do what he does? How does this work communicate to you? As soon as he comes to reading the Bible, try to know how he read the history of God. After that, thank you to Jehovah for clearing up the misunderstanding.

Yes, we can learn more about God, see his smiles. (Yes 145, 10 is wrong when looking at a nail, that's wrong. Most of them learn only by heart so that they don't agree with God's will. "The God who created the world to this day, the people of this world saw the power of God, and everything that is in hand." (Arom 1:20) Baabule's anecdotes translates that, "When someone thinks very well, he will know the meaning of God's name." that's, that's

14. If our problems are hanging on our shoulders, how will it help us?

July 2026 17

Thoughts should be interpreted as important to the rich man as possible.

15 Most of the people living in villages are far from theft. No matter how well she stays, she can still learn a lot from clothing. How much did she cost? To make sure Patrick lives in Brazzaville, the capital of the Republic of the Congo. She says: “Every day, I try to visit Asamoah. I often see spiders sneaking out of the living room. One day, I saw birds in the park. They had a seatbelt in the parking lot and made sure they were able to throw their eggs. Patrick didn't just look at the birds apart from his father-in-law. He said: "I have known all the details about his novels. This is a story that shows me that he cares about me and that he cares about me.

16 My brother, if you remember all the ways that Jehovah has helped you, it will help you to recognize him better. Jesus' mother, Mary, did it then. He knew him already, even when Babule said, "Kingship is full of surprises." (Lunter) 1:30) and Jesus came to Mary in the middle of the night to meet her father-in-law, Jesus. When he was no more, he walked with young Samuel through thick and thin.

15. How did Patrick get to know better about God and get to know him? (See picture.)

16. What helped Jesus' mother, Mary, to know better about God and be able to talk to him? (See picture.)

Think what God has done to help us know him well (see also digitization).

18 PIGRA ZONTUA

Mary must be crazy to know that she'll help him. Later, Mary thought about how she helped him in his life, how she taught him about her. He used to know that his power is great, that he is weak, that he is able to protect people from snakebite. (Lunter) 1:46-55) As Mary was jealous of the one who helped her, we were so happy when Jehovah helped her. (Heb. 4:16) If it is possible for God to help us, then he would ask himself, 'What does this mean to me?' How much does this cost me?'

It never occurred to me that he finally knew all about Yaweh.

How we can learn more about Jehovah in the new world! A new book will be read to show us how to live. (Lil. 20:12) To study

17-18 Why can't we finish learning about God?

There were many things he hadn't done in the car. Jesus. 11:6-9) By taking matters into his own hands, he will let us know further. Similarly, he can raise the dead and help us to become clean.

18 To know about God is over. His matureness is certain that "he understood [him] well." (Yes 90:2; 147:5) No human being can know “how God created these things, how much more so the end of their life.” (No. 3:11) To give thanks to God for all the long time, it is still possible to take every opportunity to get to know more about him.

In front of this dictionary, the picture was inspired by the name of Jermiah and later by the name of Ebed Melek. At 6:00 p.m. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Who'll compensate for it?

How do we know Jehovah?

Why is it necessary for us to study about God?

How can we know better about God?

June 28 is a friend of the Lord

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

It was not until the year 79 that they were helped to find their way.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Our learning will help young people to get to know God, and he knows exactly what he wants and what he doesn't want.

Help people to know Jehovah

Here is the life: To know oneself who the true God is. ”—Yon ta.

If someone saw Babule's students start studying, giving a reply, saying the matter is settled and the solution is not to congratulate Jehovah, then what is the meaning of it? How glad we were! If a Bible student is congratulated by God, he should be grateful to God for helping him to do that. 3:5-9; 3 Yo. 3, 4.

No one really wants to know the truth. ( count 1 Timothy 2:3, 4) He wants people to know who his plan is. Yes 9:24) That shows that he wants everyone to know the truth. What is the true knowledge? It just doesn't mean who knows God likes anything. According to one of the Bible books, it teaches one person to learn God's secrets so that "it help him to have a child to praise God." Aba'anɔntoriɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔn That makes her dream to come true without the end of the world.

It is no use trying to convince people that he is interested in her. In this article, we will consider these questions: Why do Babule students need to know better about God? How can we teach them to know what is good about God? How can we help them learn the trigonometric functions?

1. When did he find Babulla's student find his way to the street? 2. What does Yaw want from students? (1 Timothy 2:4, 4) Can we talk about this happening?

20

Help BABULE SYMPTOMS to Know HEADGEAR

4 Jesus used to say that the most important thing is to love God with all our heart, to trust all our soul, to hope all our plans, and to trust all our strengths. (Read Mark 12:30.) A Babule student needs to know how much he can love God. We want to make it clear to the Babule students that they love the Lord and that they must not be friends with us or with our brethren or with ours. So, when we teach them Babule, we want to help them get to know who she likes.

If a Babule student knows how to please God, he will become famous. Jesus explained that if anyone loves God, he will want to be a chief. He sings, “Maybe this mountain is where they know that I love my father. That's enough! He gave me his word because of what he did. (Yon 14:31) And so, if the Babule students like Yaweh, then I will help him to come to love his grandfather Yaweh with a sword. 5:30

6 If Babule students know how to dedicate their lives to the will of God, they can change their mind. For example, if a person just looks at people who have a motorcycle or reading a autograph, that can't make him special. If he wants to use a motorcycle, he needs to keep protecting it regularly. Every time he is sick, it will help him to know how he needs to do more. Maybe it's only Babule's class that will help everyone know better about God. And even if he doesn't want to hurt Babule's feelings and he also gets help from her, that will allow him to know better about her. When she finds out how much he is helping her, it will help her to make the right decision.

Joseph knew very well about his father-in-law. That was the only thing that pacifari wanted to spend the night in his company. When Joseph was a child, he could hear about Adam, Eve, Abraham, and Sarah. (Pin. 2:24; 20:3, 6) When Joseph heard this news he could see how the girl was lying in bed with her. When Joseph was young, he helped his father-in-law to persuade him to accept the bribe. (Pin. 39:7. Joseph knew what he wanted, not what he wanted. He's aware of what's going to happen to him. That made her jealous and jealous. If we help our students to get to know the true God, it will help them understand how real he is.

How can we make sure that he/she knows what is right and what is wrong with God?

8 How can we introduce ourselves to a Babulian student to know what is good about God? Ask Job more than 50 questions to help Job get to know him better! (Job 38:1–41:34) Do not ever ask about Uncle Babule's students. There's a question.

4. If we teach a person about the Bible, we'll try to help him or her do what? (Mark 12:30)

5. If any of Ho Babule's students like Yaws, will it help him or her to do what?

6. If a Babule student knows how to dedicate his life to serve God, how can he succeed in making such a decision? Give an example.

7. When Joseph was young, how did he change his mind?

8. How can we bring life to a simple life? Has the book helped a Babulian student to know about God?

July 2026 21

A good question may well be helped to resolve it.

Always hold on to life! The book has so many challenges that we can learn about God and how to learn about him. Some of them are:

“How did the Lord look at the people who called the news?” (backside 21)

learning about Jesus and Jesus has made us really think that all their work [in Armagedon] will be important and what will be the cause of it? (33rd floor)

How does it feel to be intelligent and current? Why? "No, I didn't mean to be famous." (34nd floor)

“Who does man think it is impossible for God to get married to a person who doesn’t love him?” (42nd floor)

“How much is too much of what is eaten by God?” (56 p.m.)

“In the past, what has been His intention with regard to the future, the future, the future, the future, the future, the future, the future, the future, the future, the future, and the future?” (57rd floor)

Always hold on to life! The paper will help Bible students to learn how to please God. (See box "Questionally I Can Help To Philanthropy.") Ask the question then. The student asked himself if it would help him to know better about God.

9 After learning the people of Baabule, they were encouraged to read Baa-bule every day. How can we help them find You may be surprised that Babulela has been read while there is a>>tw-en<< They often wonder why God has allowed her to write the matter to them. Show them how the Lord has said it. For example, think about the time when James was writing to Babule something he learned about Job. James realized that Yab was a bundle of nerves and that James had already learnt that God has a personality. Read James 5:11.

10 To terl Baabule students if they read about Baabule, they can know what he really wants and what he doesn't want. Maybe the president of Baabule took notice of the famous name “Mother Baabule Baabule” that translates to every single day. The paper said that he wanted to read about Da-niel in the bedroom. We can confirm his intentions by thinking about the question: 'What on earth is the Lord'?

Always hold on to life! the book, its 50th article of its kind says what I want to do: Take the book of 'Babu-league' and read it every day. Call

9-10. (a) How can I help Bible teachers to get a drink in their Bible reading? (Ya-mes 5:11) (b) Showcasing Bibles about Uncle Babule that can help him know what's wrong with what's wrong with his heart.

22 PIGRA ZONTUA

The teacher suggested to the student that Babulela should read while reading the Bible. It is difficult for him to understand, and he always knows the true God. (See literacy 12-13)

How long does it take for Daniel? Does this mean what I think makes him happy?' (No, I didn't). 6:10, 22) He might ask an aman: 'When was the last time I told Daniel about the last time I was sick?' Does this mean what I think makes him angry?' (No, I didn't). 6:4, 5, 24) He might say, furthermore, consider the position of the Lord with which he could learn the issue. "No. 6:26, 27.

11 And when we see people who help others learn from them, we are happy It is necessary to help them know that the one who is the greatest teacher in the world is the one who helped them. Jesus. 30:20,21. To Baabule students it is difficult to tell them the story or the teacher it is difficult to tell them the way it is. When they try to do that, that's not right. It was necessary to remind them to start learning the gospel.

11. How can we help Baabule to learn more about her and her relationship with him?

helps to make sure that he learns the principles and practices them.

12 Baabule students need to develop the habit of training others to help him. How, then, can anyone help him learn how to use paraphrasing? First, help him to know that, if he had read in the Bible about Babulela it was easier for him to understand, he would have known who the man he was. For example, when he read the book of God's beloved people, it is difficult for him to understand why he killed some people and others. How can we help a Baa-bule student to understand the situation better?

13 And he must convince Babule's son-in-law to suggest that he should study the way Jehovah taught him. remember, she asked him if he could come and ask him, Lord

12-13. Aba'anɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔnɔn (See picture.)

July 2026 23

What's the purpose of life? No, I didn't. 3:9. Is it here that we are evil and that Jehovah has done what he can do to stop us? (Ep. 2:4, 5) Is it true that he despises people who behave in a bad way? If he had to go through some kind of punishment, would he let go of it? Yes At times, the Bible doesn't seem clear to us why God does things. It doesn't matter to us who knows this. We know the real God, we know how hard it is to make all his plans.

14 Get a look at how an educated person can use his/her experience in the field. It is true that Babule's student began to study chemistry and to have a great deal of problems with his father. Maybe the matrilineal did something wrong. She can pretend to be the mother of the midwifery as she has been taught by Jehovah. She might ask the ama, 'How did Yaw show his love for the brothers?' (J 3:16) Does it matter to me whether the matter is settled or not? (Yes 133:1) How does the Lord look when we try to prevent things from going wrong? (2 p.m. 13:11)help the Babule students to see that Jehovah is happy to take care of the brethren more than they did.

15 Yes, he can help Babule's student to think clearly about what he knows about Jehovah so that he can change his mind. He can tell us how to use his life Any day! The paper is based on 35 pieces of paper. “How Can I Make a Decision?” And if Babule's student asks for an exam and she still doesn't know how to write her mind, how will she do it? He can see more of Babule's culture and he can't know what to do with it. Maybe she can tell him or her to think about what Jesus used to do. How did Jesus ever write his mind about it? He sang: "I have heard everything [ my father] is happy." ( count at 8:29.) Ask Babule's student a question, 'When I look at the news, how much does it cost to me to know what God says, that's enough for me to know. How well do I know my plans?' If he had known how to please God, that would have taught him a better decision.

A 16-year-old girl studying Babule in Chile had to abandon her important role in the matter. Her house is small.

14. How can we help him if he has a problem with his brother?

Support him from Bible students so that he will be able to make his decision be happy (see literacy 15-16)

15-16. (a) How can ababule learnttman talk to Jesus about his future in life? (yon 8:29) (b) How did Marianne contribute to the success of his Babule student? (See picture.)

24 PIGRA ZONTUA

She was advised by him to work so much money that she could not make progress in her studies. Marianne, who is learning about Babule, says: "I used to try trying to think of how he would change his mind so that he could make his heart happy. I tried another year to ask him how he would answer his question. He denied the job. He's soon to find a good job as a beginner." Marianne didn't explain to him what he should do to help him think about what he already knows about God. That song helped Babule's student to get the book from Jehovah, and Marianne. Marianne further says: "My Babulian student realized that if we let him have a good time, he would take care of us."

on the table. For instance, when they learn things like, how to die, how to dispose of things; how to dispose of them; how to dispose of them; how to dispose of them; how to dispose of them; how to dispose of them; how to dispose of them; how to dispose of them; how to dispose of them; how to dispose of them; how to dispose of them. They also used to know how hard the cloth was, how much it would cost, how much it would cost. He just wanted to know more about the Babule people's theory. They want to know better about God.

What an enormous opportunity it is for us to introduce ourselves to people who know Jehovah! Even now, those who know Jehovah and his glory are very happy. (Yes 15:12-15) Whoever knows the truth is sure will live forever. (1 y) 5:20) And that's not all. The Bible says that the one who knows God is the one who knows him; the one who knows God (1 p.m. 8:3. He lives by himself and died as a friend of his. What a wonderful experience it is to know the truth!

Who knows whose buttocks to get.

17 Babule students used to study a lot of things like Babule's.

18. If anyone knows Jehovah, what will he find?

17. Do you want to know more about Babule's history?

The picture was inspired by a picture of an educated Babule student who refuses to do such a thing, just as Marianne Babule's student did.

Who'll compensate for it?

Why does a Babule patient need to know more about God?

How can we teach Bible students to get to know what is good about God?

How can we help a Babule student to get the job done?

It'll help if it rains in the year 84.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

He taught me how to do it.

What KIuchi said

I'll never forget the day when I first worked on a book management system in Brooklyn, New York, U.S. The rope broke under the strain. When I sat in the park, I was surprised at the noise of the alarm. The company provided free accommodation in the room and provided all the electricity and electricity.

I used to get too many things when I was younger than I was when I was younger. The boys were enthusiastic about the progress of the books and other people's performances. People are not always happy with their work. The salesman made me realize that I needed to be patient with my sister.

For many years, I have been asked by God to have a good wife. At first, let me tell you how true I was in the diocese of old.

I'm baffled to start looking for NaaYINE.

I was born in Chicago, Illinois in the US. country I'm a cancer patient. My parents lived in Chicago from then on in the United States. They used to want to go to school again so that they could do more work tomorrow.

My parents were in the same union then. When I got to my mother's house, there was a mansion in the middle of the room. My father, along with his two sisters, was a Buddhist citizen. When I was a kid, my family grew up with an old man. When I am at home from school, I have a shower and a water pot are filled with water for the old man. Every Sunday, we took a walk in the middle of the Buddhist fold door to see how big the box was and how big it was made with gold.

When I was seven years old, I remember going to the park next to the front of our house and asking myself, 'How long will my life be if I die?' A rich man explained to me that if I died, my soul would get up and live. This year I have to think about the time when I'll be away. That means I'll never be a human. That year I had a lot of fun. That way I've been worried and I don't know what to do.

When I was 15, I realized that the only thing that matters to him was that I used to use the toilet. I didn't see what I was looking for. (Mt. 5:Sorry, I used to know that God is such a powerful person. I just wanted to know.

26 PIGRA ZONTUA

I used to know that Babulela could let me know about her. Because of that, I was the King James Version of the old Buddhist era. What a surprise to see Babule buy there!

When I was 17, one day I had a dog to meet my brother, Wilson Bashou. She sang to me, "Who knows how God speaking to humanity?” When she asked me what I had been talking about in Babule Wilson was reading at 2:1. And he asked me, "Why is it that the fatty woman sitting on 'pocket' so much? I didn't know the answer. That means, she used up another 15th grade. Is there any idea that most of the water is good for people? I'm glad to know how important this is to me. Asamoah is the one who used the phone to show how nice it is. At the end of the conversation, Wilson wrote to me The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life document. The book has changed my life.

I went to the classroom ten days later. I'm as happy as they were when I was born. As soon as I started this day, I didn't study at all. Wilson taught me how to play baseball. I like Babule's education very much. In the meantime, it was raining as an eight-year-old. My parents didn't want me to study the Bible and sleep with me. And when I am studying, I know for certain that that's the truth. I was born in 1983.

I lost my job at the United States.

The last time I was in the shower, I was in the high school to be a doctor. My parents were so proud of my daughter that I dropped out of school. I've been at school since then and I've wanted to do more for Jehovah and do all the work.

My father told me last year, "If I leave the university, she'll destroy my house!" I was so sad that I was drunk. I used to love my parents when I was young and did not want to hurt them. Every night, I was out of school and asked Yaweh "Someone helped me change my mind." I realized when I dropped out of university that my father had told me to leave his house. I told Wilson what had happened and what had happened that year he was going to stay. I spent all my stuff in one bag after going to his house by car. I remember those times when I was a little jealous. I used to know exactly who I was.

What a free year I am! I've got a lot of work to do in the governance of the country since then. I began my career in 1984.

When I was a singer, I was taught by God to play the piano. One day, I thought I didn't go to the movies. I waited for my father because he didn't see anybody who would come with me to the moonlit moon. I kept as quiet as a man.

I'm with Wilson Bashou, who taught me Babule.

July 2026

I'm teaching the boys and girls how to write letters in Brooklyn.

I am with Michiko Oda and his husband

two more, one after the other, one after the other. The house was broken into. I was too tired to sleep that night. That's two times what I used to think. And when I was growing up to be a bartender, I saw a lady from the Philippines. I think this tie won't listen. And that's what I used to think. I began to study Babulele with him until he was able to swim.

I learned a lot about Brooklyn.

I was two years old at the time of Wilson. I was later invited to Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As soon as I finished speaking, they made me work at a bookstore. One day with my brother-in-law, I lost a lot of books. My uncle asked me to go to an office with him. I told her why I was wrong and that I didn't tell her why I didn't tell her. My brother-in-law was speaking to me with a smile. He told me, "I am right to admit that I'm wrong." The sooner I realized the problem, the more I said, "I'm sorry."

When I saw the branch of an early American branch of the United States, I realized how rare it was to help me work for people. One day, we had our brother, Milton Henschel, who was a member of the team, over a long time ago, to prepare lunch. On the other day, the aunts had a lot of snow in the room. That smells wonderful to the chameleon. Our youth have been complaining about the fact that they shouldn't prepare their diet early and that they didn't make the most of the time. Mmabila didn't say anything when she was three years old. I'll never forget what my brother, Rachel, did. When she was a member of the blind eye, I was reminded that Jesus was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the last to be the first.

“It is worth studying Japanese!”

In 1987, I went to Japan. I'm glad to be born

28 PIGRA ZONTUA

See how small the mammorrhoids are. I'd like to help them understand the Japanese language. One of the girls in Bethel was named Michi-ko Oda. Did she ever say to me, “I need to learn Japanese!” I also did that. His advice didn't help at all.

A few months later, I was sent to Japan for speaking tourism in New York. When I was learning Japanese, I got a lot of opportunities to extend my knowledge of Japanese. It was not until 1989 that I went to my first meeting in Japan, Los Angeles, California. Mmabila Mivako Anami was the first person to fall in love with someone who did the drama. When I saw her, I was very jealous of her.

I married Mivako in 1992. We had a really great time at the same time working at Brooklyn Bethel. Miwaku is carefree and always wants to help people. His advice didn't help me as much as I wanted to help people. He is a dedicated servant of the Lord. He made me happy again.

To sing and write Japanese Betel and get a job as a typist

After that, the parents of Mivako used to live in Japan very well. That, when we visited Japan at that time, we realized how to support and support them. We went to Japan in 1999.

Japan's Bethel service was well received. That made it easy for us to get along with the brothers. I used to study Japanese things when the Japanese brothers tried to talk. These mornings are full of surprises. They're always busy. When they work together, they do it carefully. How much did she cost? The Japanese like to get along with each other and work together to help each other better than to have someone trying to do all the work on their own. The older they helped me, the more I worked with the aunt and I felt happy because I could do anything to support the work of the Lord.

We begin at the end of the day.

What the Japanese brothers do in their case at that time is the same as what I said. I used to hate myself for something wrong. Later, I applied to my new boyfriend. I realized again that if we acted in a hurry to become a member of the flag of God, he would not be ashamed of us. The issue is, he always keeps his work well done.

I used to take the education I got. Beetel is a friend of the family. Asamoah taught me how to do it with Moses. He was helped by his father-in-law, as was his only daughter when she was 40 years old. I used to go to school just like Moses. That made me very jealous and jealous. My work at Bethel helped me to get dressed and put on my pajamas. As soon as he started training Moses, then he must have taught me many years ago.

Look after Mivako's parents until 24 years of age. and when they died, they used to hung up on their phones.

July 2026 29

Bring them to the hospital. It's a tough idea. Mivako's mother, Masako, was only a few years old when she was unable to move. It was not easy for Masoko to get to the lecture hall. He was now sitting on a stool by the neck. Asamoah is still very popular. He was very happy when he was in a terrible mood. Masoko, who sang thanks to God, didn't need to talk to me about it.

In 2024, a change was made. We worked at Bethel more than 30 years ago, we were allowed to go to Oki-Nawa country to pursue a career as a worhip. Okinawa is a very dry country. It was not until then that we had the opportunity to introduce ourselves to people who lived next door. The ridiculous nature of Bethel's painting helps us as easy as we could possibly do on our own. We used to make arrangement that helps us to keep the time in the right direction and to avoid the work of procrastination. Yaweh helped us to learn how to play the oboe. We understood that was so important that we loved people. Miwako and I are thankful to God for all the work he has given us.

I'm really glad to have you sent me away.

It is certain that my family doesn't get along with him and that they don't care about me anymore. It was not until Jesus that people left their homes and followed him that they saw 100 brothers and sisters. (Mr. 10:29, 30) I can't count all the people in this world who like me and treat me as if I were part of their group.

I still have the book of Truth that Wilson had given me. When I look at this book, I wonder who I've been and who I've known. (1 p.m. 16:9) I've always wanted to let God continue to ask me how to help people learn the truth so that they can enjoy life forever.

I'm in Japan at the same time.

My wife and I shared a room in the capital city of Okinawa.

30 p.m. PIGRA ZOTUA

Do it here!

Has he ever done anything illegal in his country? For him to repair the problem for you as a friend you need to work together as soon as possible. *

Sadly, one should be vaccinated against the disease. If she doesn't give him a doctor medicine, then she won't be sick. What's more, then, is that the coffee can't be very sweet. That'll make it impossible.

No matter how hard the situation is, such a person is bound to get the matter solved. If he doesn't do that, the man harms the other person's memory. Doing that can make him anxious. Jesus said to him: "Come on, the chief of your household" (Mt. 5:25) Therefore, go to the other end of the conversation. Please find out why that could be difficult.

First, because of how difficult the problem is, he can't refuse to solve it. Geel Eudiocese and Sintician. The angry couple were angry and found it difficult to solve the problem. Even though Paul was in Rome, he heard about it. That explains how long it's been since they didn't solve their problem. Paul said to them that they were trying to solve the problem well. (Flp. 4:2) When a baby is born, forgive and negotiate each other; they can also be friends.

No, she may think that the boy is wrong, that's why he should come and say that he is sorry. The only thing that matters is that, he wants you to be a friend and be a success. If a person is found guilty of a drug overdose, the doctor always takes time to consult the doctor to find out the causes of the problem. If he has a friend talk to you about things, do not look at how he or she is wrong and how he or she may react or how you feel.

So, if he has the problem with his brother, then he should solve the problem today so that your friendship will come true again. Don’t let yourself be so angry that you don’t have to worry about it.” (Ep. 4:26) If he does so in a hurry, it will help him not to waste a breath of fresh air. 4:1-3

If the brother has done something to his brother for a moment, it means he is sorry (Mt. 5:23, 24) If it were true, he should ask the scientists to help him. (Mt. 12:17) To tell the old adage, it is necessary to use the advice given at 18:15, 16 for the job.

If a boy has to do something illegal and it's not going to rain on his girlfriend, he can easily forget it. "Mag. 20

July 2026 31

Püghura ZOTUA called the kingdom of Jehovah

July 2026 147, No. 7 FRAFRA

There's something about it.

Here is a report on September 7-132.

Tonɛ can learn something from Gideondoma.

There is a hearing on September 14-20.8%.

Is Asamoah's letter to me?

Here is a report on September 21-27.

More wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo

There was an emergency landing on September 28–October 4-20.

Help people to know Jehovah

ACKNOWLEDGEE

By the way he taught me

Do it here! 31

Engagement

Good quality solutions are available in Literacy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

In taking a shower, it's right to inoculate the parents. (Heb. 10:24, 25) How can we make a solution to challenges people?

• Ask Yaweh Ask him for help so that he can answer his question easy. 35.18

• Try to understand the meaning of the sentence and not just read what is in the book. If he had the answer, how would he understand the meaning of maize?

• Let him answer right away. A rare response to good morning surprised everyone so much that most people could see the opportunity for the reply. "Mag. 10:19

• Consistency if there is a solution. If you are looking for answers, do not say the same thing to some people or be rude to them.

Even if it doesn't get an answer, one can still shake the rope. Listen carefully to their response, and it shows me that you are happy. 10:21.

This book isn't sellable. People from the ages of made up their minds to help the teaching of the Bible throughout the world. If you want to find something to help, someone visited donate.v.org.

All the Baabule editions are from the Yendi paper—the French language for the NWT, which is from the New World translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. Je48/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to uv.org/ugu online business or the bank this year

J.ORG ®

w26.07-FF