JANUary 2026

PIGérA ZONTUA

I called the kingdom of Jehovah

June 2026 premiere:

'Those who look for God will be happy.' MT. 5:30

There are some interesting things that are good:

March 2–April 5, 2026

March 2-8, 2026

97th year

Life Depends on God's Word (Nayanye Yiresum Bo'ori La Vom)

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

He's teaching us how to be happy. We will learn how to make sure that God is still teaching us how to be happy.

He didn't mean to be a teacher.

June 2026 premiere:

'Those who look for God will be happy.' MT. 5:30

THE people of the town of Yɛmea have a concern for them. Memorize it, it'll take a long time. If we don't have this poison, we might die or be harder for us. Jehovah knows how to protect people. He admitted that we wanted to know him by using magic to make him feel better. (Read Matthew 5:3.) If we want to be happy, we need to make friends with him.

2 The Greek word for 'serious' seems to be a cry for help. Make sure the liver is healthy and doesn't have food. He is stationed in the afternoon. It's often cold in the night. His way of thinking is not the same as that of others. He's always too tired to be happy. This knife knows he is looking for people to help him so that he can live well. Although some people are looking for God, they have to look up to him to help them.

1. What do people need? (Matu 5:3)

2. When was the last time the box was empty?

2

The Queen of Fame was pregnant with a mansion, so she was very patient with Jesus to help him (see figures 5).

In this article, we are going to look at some of the things you can learn about the Queen of Fame and how she is able to help Jesus. The couple couple couple had the same problem as Yendi. We'll talk about this again, Peter, Paul and Naa David.

THW BEGINNING THE SYMPTOMS OF SYMPTOMS OF SYMPTOMS

One day the Queen of Fame went to Jesus. She sang to her heart's content, "Her bones are the ones that carry my daughter's fingers." (Mt. 1:21-28) The woman was sitting in front of Jesus and pleaded with him to help her. Let's take a look at how we can communicate with this lady.

The Queen of Fame was pregnant. Why do we talk about that? Because of what happened, he didn't get angry at Jesus when he was involved with the girl, the room where some Jews were believed to have been blindfolded. What should I do if it's a bad idea? Would she be angry and seek his help? The Polynesian woman did not do that. She was humble enough to ask Jesus for help. Why did she do that? He was convinced by Jesus. When Jesus saw a woman who was a believer he wanted to help her. It is clear that Jesus was being accused of trying “to break the glasses of Israel” and that he was actually destroying the young man, the woman's daughter.

6 If we want to get married to God, it has to happen to this lady. It has to be stirred up early, very early; it has to be stirred up soon. Whoever is going to come will be there to help.

3. Can we talk about this happening?

4. What did the woman of Phines look for in Jesus?

5. How did the woman get up in Jesus's year? (See picture.)

6. What did we learn about the French woman?

JANUary 2026

It has to be believed that Jesus is the only one named after the other. (Mt. 45-47) Jehovah was very pleased with his son to help those who had hurt him. ( pick up James 1:5-7.) Now, let’s take a look at how happy we are when we are walking in the path that comes from God. We'll be able to talk to Peter, Paul and King David about how it helped us.

TOGSIA PETER AND DO WHAT THE NATIONAL

We've got a look at Peter's problem. He realized that Jesus was the Messiah, just as the Lord used to say to his disciples “there is no end to life.” (Yes 6:66-68) Jesus, when he was going to return to heaven, said to Peter: " Hold on to me for a while." (J 21:17) Peter did just that to allow the year to write two Bible books. It was not until then that Peter had to learn the English language. For example, she was educated by her age. Paul wrote the book. Peter said if Paul had written the story, "it's difficult to understand." No, I didn't. 3:15, 16) And Peter was still studying and sang has a strong belief that God could help him understand the meaning of what Paul said.— Read Hebrew 5:14–6:1.

Peter had a strong belief that he was a teacher of God. For example, when Peter was in the city of Yoppa, he was rich enough to died of a drug overdose. When Peter was a Jewish person, it was obvious that he had done what the angel had told him. At first, Peter would say, no, sir, I never had anything to do with that sort of thing. The angel said to him: "What I am saying is right, that will never happen again." Let's go. 10:9-15) Peter made an impression. How did we know that? After she had found the money, three people went to Peter's house. It was rumored that Cornelius was their prisoner that he wanted to see Peter. If it was Peter who got the money, he would not be able to go as long as he was a man of the house of Juda. The Jews used to look down on the Jews. Let's go. 10:28, 29) And when Jesus was singing to Peter, he wanted everyone to hear the news, Peter was later moved to tears. Mag. 4:18) Peter gave a message to Cornelius and his entire household that they believed in Jesus and that the blood of the fish settled down and that they were drowned. 10:44-48.

As far as Peter is concerned, he needs to study the Lord's Law. It took me a lot of time to learn a lot of things that didn't really make sense. It is necessary to study the complexities of Babule. You should try to learn more about the Bible, perhaps understanding its meaning. Why? The reason for this is that there are two types of salt in it:

7. What did Jesus tell Peter to do while Peter was still a teenager? (Hebrew 5:14–6:1)

8. What did Peter do, what did he mean by that parable?

9. If we studied hard in the Bible, how would we have a drink of the two o'clock?

4

PIGRA ZOTU

First, we will learn about him and make love for him a great deal of love and respect. No, don’t get to know what’s going on in such a thing; it will take a long time for us to talk to people about it. (Arom 11:33; Lil. 4:11) Peter's argument is further pointed to something: If Babule's theory had already been revised, it would have to be relatively early to make the decision and make the decision. If we do that, it means that we can have a happy relationship with him.

Talk to Paul atia. I'll make it possible for you to be happy.

10 Also taught by God is what to do with snakebite that will make her happy. The worker Paul said, ' put on the new dress' and put on the new dress. (Clause 3:8-10.) It is very hard to make God happy. Find Paul's problem. When she was a little boy, she was constantly working to make him happy. (Yes 1:14; Flip. 3:4,5 and she didn't know how to thank God. She didn't know about what Christta was singing, so she made herself jealous of her mother-in-law and was not ashamed of God. Paul said that he was a tax-collector. -1 Tim. 1:13

11 Paul, who was a first-year student, was a good friend of mine. The book of Paul said that he was angry with the young men of Jesus who had been "sieved" to get married. Let's go. 9:1) As a devout Christian, Paul tried to lose his life. (Ep. 4:22, 31) And in spite of that, Paul and Barnabas got angry with each other for "undressing." Let's go. 15:37-39) Paul was a little jealous and didn't let him loose his neck. And when she was a child she tried to be a great one and to please him. 9:27

12 Paul tried to change his attitude when he was young. (Flp. 4:13) When Peter died, Paul used a hammer to forge the "strength to the spine." (1 p. 4:11) At some point, Paul was still a teenager. Whenever he sneezes, he thinks about what is going on in his mind that it's help him to change. "Arom 7:21-25

13 Even if we give thanks to God for many years, it's still working to change. It's a mistake. Brethren, it may be unpleasant to talk disorientately. If we do that, we should remember that we will never do anything to please God. It's important that we change what we say in practice. (Arom 12:1, 2; Ep. 4:24) Something important to remember is this: It is to understand what the Lord wants us to do.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS FOR THE LIVING OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

14 If we want to be happy in life, we have to let go of it.

10. As pointed out at 3:8-10, what does it need to happen to be happy to him?

11. What helped Paul to stay healthy? Speak softly.

12. What was it that helped Paul to lose his life?

13th. How can we talk to Paul?

14-15. How does he discipline his people? (Op 27:5) (See picture of this book.)

JANUary 2026 5

We must continue to trust in him to teach us.

(See also Literacy).

Eve is difficult. How much more of what we have been sent by God?

15 King David was lucky that he would lose both his seat and his seat. (Clause 27:5.) He reminded his people of the things that could destroy their faith. How does he discipline his people today? He said that all the battles they have made in the fight with his people cannot be ended. (Yes JA&; Isa. 54:17) It is clear that the Titana and his people are more powerful than the Lord. Even if they don't work hard, God will get up. (1 p.m. 15:55-57; Lil. 21:3, 4) Jehovah supports us if we have a secret plan. Mag. 12:25; Mt. 6:27-29) To the sky, the path winds over the sins of their ancestors and the sins of their ancestors. Jesus. Text1, 2) Continuing to study, to study the way in which the elephant hides under a path that Jehovah supports and cares for. "Heb. 10:24, 25.

When I was 16 years old, my love of God was help by him to change his mind and be happy. That made him jealous. ( pick up at 5:1, 2) Asamoah didn't remember the promise he had made to his father. Don't eat. 12:9, 10: At some point, people used to do something about David that they should not understand. David constantly asked for his love of God, that He would remember him. How did he do that all year? She persuaded David to ask him to help her. He became convinced that he loved her. 23:1-6

17 We can talk to David when he asks for help so much.

16. How did he remember David?

17. Can we chat with David?

6 PIGRA ZONTUA

Rest assured. We must remember that in the past, it is difficult to make up for temptation but it is difficult to make up for it. (Yes 6:7, 8) When news spread to us, we opened our eyes to ask Yaweh for help. [Flip. 4:6,7.

COURTSHIP IN THE HUMILITY

18 And in the year 2026 he said: ' those who seek God will be happy. It's important today to pay attention to Jesus' claims and give thanks to God for teaching us. Why? Due to this, many people today don't understand the meaning of God. Some people believe that God exists and gave glory to him as they please. Some of them have committed suicide. That's why they're not happy. There's no need to talk to them. How can we trust God? He should study the History of God, have a good memory, have a good memory, have a strong memory.

18. How do many people listen to the teaching of God and how do they know the meaning of God? (See picture.)

The picture is in the east of the book. Mmabila went to the study to show she was looking for help from God. 6: At 6:30 p.m. The mother is the one who teaches Pigare Zotua as well as teaching her to have a hearty heart. Mmabila wants the skills to help her.

Who'll compensate for it?

How can we talk to Peter about the theory of God?

How can we talk about Paul and make him happy?

How can we talk to David about it?

162 June

My spiritual Need (I shall study theology)

March 9-15, 2026

June 45

The Mmediation of My Heart (I am thinking about something N Suuren)

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

We'll learn how to do this in an hour or two.

If he accepts an apology, it means that he has no intention of remaining silent.

How disgraceful! ”—AROM 7:24.

If he thinks about Paul, what will he do? Perhaps he was aware of the fact that many of the cables appeared, wrote many of the Babule books and at some point in history. It is true that he used to have a bowel movement. At some point, Paul was sad to be around. The news Paul was talking to us.

2 Read Rome 7:21-24. When Paul was writing to Abram, he wrote to them, never to luck anything. Many things happened in the year he was born. Paul was a devout Christian. And because he didn't win, he was always trying to do what God wanted. Hey, when he remembers what he's doing next as a Christian, he is sad. At times, whatever seemed to be a good time in life, something was not going to happen.

It is around time Paul was really drunk and then he was unable to finish thinking about what would make him shiver. At this stage, we would do a nice question: What made Paul look so happy? How did she spend her summer? Can we do anything apart from a minute?

* SYMPTOMS ARE: In this modern world, the meaning of 2:30 is different from that of people who at times seem to have a lot of problems. Not all people intending to go to see a doctor.

1-2. How long ago did Paul serve as a volunteer? (Arom 7:21-24)

3. Can we talk about this happening? (See “Jelebire Vuture”)

8

When was the last time Paul was born?

He said that he had done it before. When Paul was not a Christian named Saul, he used to work many other jobs. I mean, she was here when Steven was put to death. He also suspected that what he'd done was right. Let's go. 7:58; 8:1) Leysah, Saul was jealous of the Christians and was jealous of them. 8:3; 12:11.

5 Asamoah was a devout Christian. He was proud of himself for what he had done. Even though he was a first-year student, he was still very poor. For example, he wrote a letter to the Christians in Rome in the year 55. he sang, saying: "My desk wasn't worth playing with Jesus's brothers. The only thing that matters is that I found a hole in Jesus's way. (1 p.m. After five years of writing a letter to the Epessadoma, he sang to the Ama saying, " Concerning all the people who live in poverty, I also swear by them." (Ep. 3:8) Paul wrote a letter to Timothy, saying that he was ever 'the one who speaks ill of others and them. (1 Tim. 1:13) Just think what Paul would do if he went to see some people he used to look like!

6 Something was wrong with him. Paul used a disserviced illness as a skin rash. (2 p.m. 12:7) Paul didn't say exactly what he said could have been true, a terrible idea or something. *

7 As a matter of mistake Paul was worried about his mistake. He's also trying to change. (Read Arom 7:18, 19.) And he said at times he couldn't do what he wanted to do but at times he did what was unlawful. She says that he's always trying to do what is right and just what he wants. (1 p.m. 9:27 p.m. she kept singing. Just think of how she was when she was about to give up!

When was the last time Paul died?

When Paul was 8 years old, he thought that the peace of God could help Christians faith so that they would not think about evil things. (Arom 8:13; Ga. 5:16, 17 p.m. Paul made it clear that there should be no Christians in Rome. (Yes 5:19-21, 26) It was not until then that Paul thought what he could do that could solve a problem. She was educated.

4. What made Paul drunk?

5. How was Paul so angry about what he had done before?

6. What else did Paul need? (See dictionary.)

The writing of Paul made us realize that something was wrong with her. That made it so difficult for him to write letters and practice his mother tongue. (Yes 4:15; 6:11) or perhaps Paul was speaking to an old man or woman about his time. (2 p.m. 10:10; 11:5, 13. It is here that we don't know the exact meaning of this song. Paul admitted that he had been anxious for some time.

7. How was Paul made a mistake? (Arom 7:18, 19)

8. What did Paul do to help him have a hangover?

JANUary 2026 9

Baabule realizes what it takes to succeed. As a result, Paul decided to spend the rest of his life in prison.

It rained during Paul's year here that a lot of things made him happy. measurement, she was really happy when she heard the sound of the plane. (2 p.m. 7:6, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 Tim. 1:9 He used to know what he was doing to please Jehovah. Sir, Paul was happy because his song was "true" to God. 2 Tim. 1:3) Even after the fact that Paul was in Rome, he wrote to the Christians to be "on the daily basis [of] the free market for Jesus's sake." (Flp. 4:4 p.m. What she said marked his retirement. It is true that, if Paul is determined to go back to normal, he will have to face up to the window of thought and he will have to be happy.

A further important thing for Paul to do was to dig a hole. She sang to her father when he loved her and she sent him away. (Yes 2:20; read Romans 1:7. That's how he discovered that, indeed, Jesus Christ was pleased with Jesus Christ. (Arom 7:24, 25) Even when Paul used to perform the ritual, he was still happy and happy. 9:12-14.

11 When Paul died, he may have thought that it was impossible not to do anything or say anything that would make God angry. At times, we may think that we are unable to do anything happy to please God. At the age of 20, she gave a bad name to Elizai. He said: "It's wonderful to me when I think about Paul. I'm glad to know that Paul used to like me. That has made it possible for me to know how God cares for his people. We can be happy to serve our God even if it happens a little bit in time.

How do we do it until 2:30?

12 things I am going to do to the house of Jehovah. Think about this: If we have patience to eat breakfast, villages and sleep well That would make it harder to read the Bible every day, raise the matter, and try to learn the truth. If we acted in this manner, it would help us to consider things well and avoid things that would mislead us. That'll make us happier.—Arom 12:11, 12.

13 tell John about it He was 39 years old when he became a cancer patient. At first, he was afraid of becoming sick. It was a shock to him that he was not old enough to have this old coat. At first

Some names have been changed

9-10. What was it that helped Paul when he was in a deep sleep? (Epesus 1:7) (See picture..)

11. Why did Paul say such a thing?

12. What can we do to promote happiness?

13-14. How many temples did some of the young men get for the project that would have allowed them to build their house for the Lord?

10 PIGRA ZONTUA

It is true that Paul was really upset about what he did when he was faced with the fact that he used to think about how he fell down and how he helped (assumed 9-10).

She has a son named Stephen three years old. Why didn't John get so worried? He said, "I am baffled when I was a kid and I used to play tennis when I was in high school, music and entertainment every week. It was such a hard thing to say when it was such a thing. John goes on to say, "when there's a lot of trouble, it's a lot at stake. It took me a long time to persuade everyone that he likes us. He will make himself as strong as he used to help me.

14 Asamoah said to himself: “I am going to study and study, and I know that he is listening to me and that he likes me. That makes me happy. Nolan, an African citizen, spoke to his wife, Diane, saying: "Even in the middle of the day, we are still doing things that can't happen to us to build a house for the sake of our God. He let us know that he is helpful and that he can make a good plan. He always remembers that he can help us. It is here that we don't know how to do that and that we don't want him to tell us about it."

15 Whenever there is a conflict, things have to be done. Let me have a taste of it. A neighbour can help to save himself if he wants to. The old man needs to get rid of the old man. If he wants to know the result, he needs to make some investigation or talk to a doctor. That’s enough! We have to find the Bible, find it at the bookstore, and talk to some young men who can learn to do it.

15. What should we do if we lose patience? Give an example.

JANUary 2026 11

Learn how to play the piano in an hour or two.

No sooner had he finished talking. There are other things that can help us.

16 ask Yaw to help me understand the situation. King David was known by his father-in-law. David asked for help so that he could understand his reasons. (Read 139:1-4, 23,4) Who else can ask to help him understand why the girl decided not to look up to him or her better. He might ask himself again. 'What's wrong with my plan?' What do I usually think that I have a solution? Did I have a general idea of what would happen in a light-hearted person or what would I be doing if I ignored him?

16. How can we make sure that he is aware of the facts? (S39:1-4, 23, 24)

A 17-course lesson will help you in this game. It's good at the time to get to know one of our Fathers and to learn more about him. Similarly, the musician Paul saw a lot of tears when he was thinking of the responsibility for the project, and he was forgiving the way he did. Maybe he won't do that. Take a look at the Book of God's Wardrobe, the Watch Tower Publications Index, or to a group of books in your language. These are similar in ways to the lifestyles of God's people, forgiving food with real love. If you see any problems, write them down. Now put them in a position to see him again for a while.

17. What are the ways in which he/she can learn to do it? (See picture.)

12 PIGRA ZONTUA

If we read the book of Genealogy, it will help us understand how to speak to God. Try as much as you can to know about his teacher's past. 4:8

Elizabeth was the last person to talk about him and learn about him. He said to himself, “This is how I feel about Job. There was an accident at the same time. When he was talking to Job, he trusted in God even though he did not know why he was doing that. ( Job 42:1-6) Diane who was speaking to him said: "I share a room with my husband about Draw Close to Joseph's letter of education. We were deeply impressed to find out that she had been helped by him. Whenever our problems are critical, we remember that our relationship with him and help us to be more human beings. That makes it possible for us to lie down at the table.” 64:5

18. What are some of the brethren that are learning about to help them?

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS IN THE BEGAN IN THE BEGINING IN THE LIVING AREA

19 If you take all the advice you have in this article, one after the other, you can still hurt your feelings or feelings. One day at a time may not be enough! And he will help us never to lose hope. We are happy to hear that we can have a happy life no matter what happens, we have a good environment and a good knowledge of what we do to make him happy.

20 Let's make it a point not to give up on the person who told us the truth, something that has already happened, is a bad news for the whole world. Sooner or later, he will help us. (Yes 143:10) To know that in the new world, everything that we have to remember would make us happy. At that time, we will never be too surprised to praise and worship our God forever!

19. What potential dangers are associated with attending discos?

20. Who decided what to do?

Who'll compensate for it?

What was the cause of Paul's anger at the time?

Is there any room in the olden days that Paul was wearing jeans and how much he used to help Paul get still happy?

How do we do it after we finish?

June 34

Walking in Integrity (Tara Birinkante)

March 16-22, 2026

20th June

he presented himself with a present.

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

We will realize that the purpose of our trip is to help us as well as to the best of our ability.

As far as Lua Bua is concerned

“Who could stand me like that, that’s what happened to me in the death? ”—AROM 7:24.

Think about this. There is a drop of houses in the garden. He's still alive and can't save himself. All he can do is cry and help him.

2 To remember that, the cat looks like that. How much did she cost? As Adam rejected his position, so he must be more aggressive. After that, she gave birth to her children. That allowed everyone to live in such a bad mood. Try to memorize as much as you can to learn. When Paul was writing to Arodomana, he was explaining how dangerous it was. (Read Arom 7:22-24.) She sang to God, "Thank you, O my lord, for this thing I have done in this death." The man was obsessed with fear that Paul was in danger of dying. (Arom 6:23) We've got to get rid of that bad habit.

After he lost his job, he began to pursue a bad habit. He sang to me, "Who will defeat me, that's what led to my death." And he answered, "Here I am!" (Arom 7:25)

1-2. What time is it supposed to be in the past? (Arom 7:22-24) (See picture..)

3. When was the last time the bomb exploded?

14

No matter how well a family member is treated, such a person is more likely to seek revenge.

(See numbers 1-2)

Jesus has poured out this wine. So, on the other hand, (1) he is forgiving, (2) he is hoping that we will have a good time tomorrow, and (3) he will be able to deliver the good news to the poor. If we talk about this, it will make us love and love our God, "as far as we hate people, so people are patient." (Arom 15:13) To the joy of God's promise, "it is from his Father Jesus that he let go a fan sing out."—Coll. 1:14

The LUA made YEEA DITA BASIC.

The situation is critical because of what happens. It makes us feel terrible about food. Everybody works hard at his or her job. (Registration 7:20.) The price of rice is high. Of course, Moses said Israel would do it if someone else did it.

Storytelling truth: The only thing that matters is that he gave someone a piece of paper to drink. Jesus' death was a great cause of death, except for people who are interested in God.

There's a limit to that. Why is this problem so difficult to solve? (shower 7:20)

in the olden days or he killed someone, he had to be killed. (Mal. 20:10; Kan. 35:30, 31) It's not so big that they're still too busy. Similarly, the Lord David said, "I will keep myself safe, not surrender. ( 39:1) True, to be honest, it may even be bad. 3:2.

5 Think who ever talks or does something that is not good. Who ever spoke to someone likes to backing up? Who else would have done something better if he had known that he wouldn't do it? The answer is yes, by no means here. The Bible says: "If we say we have a bad word, it means we don't speak the truth. ”— 1 yo. 1: no

The fact is that he is helping us. (Ep. 1:7 p.m. doesn't mean that he doesn't care what we do. Jehovah doesn't want us to do anything bad. Jesus. 59:2) And it is the one who is slow to anger that makes him serve us.

Six-thirty Why doesn't Asamoah keep telling us a secret? (See picture.)

JANUary 2026

The people of Moses's day were saying that the people of Israel should use campfires to warn the people that God has already forgiven them. (Mal. 4:27-31; 3:11) The bread was prepared from the beginning of Jesus' year and was presented to us as thoroughly as possible. Her death is a great way to please God. What Paul wrote for Christians shows that he understood the meaning of Jesus' death. When Paul was talking to the congregation, he said: "Let the Lord bless you. You're the only one who survived. Again, the name of the Lord is always in the power of our Lord Jesus Christ 1 Ko. 6:9-11.

In preparation for this annual meal, he sees the flames of the spirit, which is the secret of God's grace. Sadly, because of the bad weather, he doesn't have to have a bad idea of how he has already done something. If it is difficult for me to believe that God exists, how will he forgive us? Maybe he might say, ‘I know that he is very patient with me and that I can’t forgive him.’ Even if it happens that way, remember this: He is the only one who gives a helping hand to a person who has not been invited to join his/her birthday. He doesn't give the opportunity to anyone or to tell them who should be apologized to him. The Bible says: "Let us live in peace with [God] in peace, just as we live in peace. Let's go. Let's go. he has shed the blood of Jesus all the way here.” (1 y) 1:6, 7) To be sure that's true as to be true as to any teaching of the Bible. The fact is that he is sorry. That's why he said that the Lord is a "shadow eater." 86:5.

Lulua was rich enough to make yam mounds.

In the Babule dialect, the meaning of the word "benea" was not understood to mean that something was wrong.

8. Who designed this song? What's it going to be like?

9. What does the word of the Bible mean? (51:5)

The people of Israel used to practice divination. That explains how we need to improve the quality of Jesus' body so that we can get the most out of our diet (see figures 6-7.

16 PIGRA ZONTUA

They also taught us to win. (Clause 51:5.) Because of his success, he wondered what had happened to him and what had happened to him. The engine didn't work as well as what had happened to him. it is becoming hard, hardcore and hard to sleep. That's why even a baby that doesn't behave well can die. It also taught us why the behavior of some not only human beings but also human beings. As a result of Adam's bad behavior, all of them are bad.

10 Think about Adam and Eve as they used to live together. The violence broke out in their hearts. When Adam and Eve stopped thinking about the meaning of God’s name, they began to feel bad. (Arom 2:15) They realized that it was no longer possible for them. They used to make sure that the priests could not be seen. (Pin. 3:7, 8) That was the first time that Adam and Eve had a good time in life. It was about a year ago that they died. 3:16-19

11 Asamoah didn't win last long, and he was desperate to lose hope. As a result of the collision No matter how hard we try, we can't solve our problem. Why? The cause of the ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba baobab. (Arom 8:20) The story is true. measurement, human beings are trying to take advantage of this world, he is protecting the mosquitoes, he removes the love that has made the whole world happy. It's there that they're trying and they can't choose. How did the situation get worse?

The 12th century gave rise to the idea that God "will let go of everything that he has made, and they will not leave at all." (Arom 8:21) That explains that if we keep our word in the new tunnel, we won't be alive anymore. Nothing happens to us anymore. Either we seem to be prejudiced or we seem to be prejudiced. Let's take a look at who Jesus is and who he is to come to visit this town. He will help people solve any problems they cannot solve. Jesus 9:6, 7.

13 Think about how a life would be better if it were pure. I'll be healthy every day. He won't care whether we have a family or a family. Soon you won't die. Even now, we can be happy if “it takes a long time to come out of this hard times for us to concentrate on what we have until now.” Therefore, the Bible says that the future looked very gloomy. (Heb. 6:18, 19) As the beginning of the month before the end of the month, there has been a bitter increase in the number of cases currently looming. he might say, "elopes who look for [God], he will let them find out." (Heb. 11:6 p.m. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

10. How did Adam and Eve spend their summer together?

11. How bad do you make it look?

12. Does this make it difficult for us to decide what to do with it?

13th. Can you think of any other plans for this year?

JANUary 2026 17

Jesus' death makes it possible for people to take the book with them. (See chart.)

Lula is full of surprises to give birth to a beautiful babysitter.

14 Adam and Eve did not live in such a bad way that they no longer had the same thing to do with their relationship with God. Even the Bible says, Man is short of God. (Arom 8:7, hurt 1:21) What happened? As a result, God is holy and above all. Thebabulla said to his father-in-law, “They are more serious than I am. He can't make himself understood. (Hab. 1:13) Why do we have to buy candles? No matter how well the weather is, God bless you. The juggler wowed the crowd by keeping track of the bus keys.

The Bible says, "It is because of the death of Jesus Christ that Yendi may add value to his words." (1 y) 2:2. How many friends of Jesus are there in Jesus' death? Jesus' death made peace again for the people of God. (Adam 3:23-26) Even after Jesus died earlier, the Lord said those who used to believe in him were soldiers. (Pin. 15:1,6 for what? It's because of the hole. He knew how to get his son Jesus to die for human beings. Jesus. 46.10) The boreholes are also open to all humans.

16 Try to memorize as much as you can about God's goodness. Of course, it is possible to call on the Lord as Jesus has said. (Mt. 6:5pm, there will be another call to the Lord "Seriousness." If we call a friend of a friend of the opposite sex, we need to sieve and make a serious decision about him. Why? The only thing that matters is that the Member of Parliament can't be trusted in his or her own jurisdiction. It's because of the cloud so we can have safe spots with Yaws. By the time Jesus arrived “there were all things that were added to his kingdom, and all these other things came to his attention. Yensogreribire and others led his son-in-law to the death of his son. (Wormwood) 1:

14. How was the universe created?

15. How did Jesus' death affect people in their ability to worship God?

16. What are some of the things we need to consider in order to prepare for the trip? (See picture.)

18 PIGRA ZONTUA

19, 20 That's why we have to buy a nice bed with the Lord even though he didn't win.

The Lulua leaf is said to have contained a picture.

The 17th century clearly shows that “many people believe in God. “We were the last to die in peace. Let's go. Let's go. Just give it a moment. (Readops 2:4, 5) Some of them are very selective about life without end. They are crying for help, because they are in a bad mood. Let's go. 13:48) When Jesus heard they were looking for help to make the king's message known to them again his son Jesus. (Yon 123); Satan is mistaken for something that he thought would make Adam and Eve angry; God cannot make a mistake.

17. How does the light show his face to the Lord? (Epesus 2:4, 5)

18 The more we think about it, the more we experience it; the better we think about it. We don't think that God put the money in our pockets right now and it's right that he should go through the holes in the cloth to answer what Nathana was speaking to the campfire of Eden. (Pin. 3:1-5, 15). In the blink of an arrow, the Lord let his name be known long and it appears that what Satan said was true. God caught a bad death and made it known that he loved us. Even though he is very brave and happy, he has the ability to express his gratitude for the truth of what he has said. Mag. 27:11) How could he tell me how glad he was? The explanation could solve this question.

18. What should we remember if we think about kidney excrement?

Let the light on it. Let's go. Let's go.

How does he apologize to us?

How can we achieve that clean?

How do you get back with your smock?

19 June

The Lord's Evening Meal (To Daana Zaanourɛ Dia)

March 23-29, 2026

18 June. Happy is the burrows.

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN DAGBANE

What can you do to make sure you're happy with your present?

The love of Christians has been poured out. That's enough. 5:14.

Is it true that one will never be happy if they lose their home? Even if a few people are admitted, they'd like to make it clear that he/she is happy.

2 The last time I explain it to you, it will not be able to get over a sore throat. This is what he did: he gave his son a push to save his life; he could see what was going on with it; he could see what was going to happen with it; he could see what was going to happen with it; he could see the sky also with it. The fact is that we have a strong desire to live on a small daily basis. Jesus was teaching that he has love many people because he died for us. She fell in love with people and was responsible for the death of her husband. Mag. 8:30, 31) Enthusiasm Paul said, "The love of God has been poured out." ( count 2 5:14, 15.) The purpose of that is to make it clear that we are happy because Jesus' love has never forgotten what he did for us.

How can I make sure I'm happy with that bus? Her response is sustained by some of the taxes. Suppose three people were to be sent to another country and then to another country. Their shop will be in the middle of the street. That’s so kind of “serious” I’d like to make a reservation that I’m happy to drop by and show my interest in what’s going on now. Therefore, this program will address three areas in which people are silent: (1) Babule learnts, (2) some water-moving, and (3) some other brethren.

1-2. The clarinet squeaked to the ground. What do you want us to do for your sake? (2:5:14, 15) (See picture.)

3. How can we improve the quality of our products? What's the cause of it?

20

Each home was built with a broken leg or a broken leg, with a broken leg (see figures 1-2).

BABULE

4 If he teaches the Bible, look at this matter: The way he is listening to the news shows that he is very patient with people whom God helps to become his friends. (Yon 6:44; Tm. 13:48) 'The power of God's law is in the hearts of people.' That explains how she is trying to learn about her. He was relieved that he could follow his theory. Mag. Satan tempts us; 27:11; and he can be a friend of God. (Arm 5:10, 11)

If he were a Babulian, how would he be able to explain how happy he was? One way I can do that is by following Paul's advice to the Filipinos. He said, 'When you see a bright face, it's only way to go.' (Flp. 3:16) One of the Babules responded to the reading, "Right now, it is important for us to pay close attention to the extent possible." As the old saying goes on, on the way to shame, don't let go of it. "Mt. 7:14; off. 9:62

6 If it is hard to learn something from God, how will he do it? Find out about it carefully and ask for his permission to understand it. (Yes 86:11) It is difficult for him to understand the meaning, so he can stop the matter and stop learning the Babule. And if you have to give up something that God doesn't want, how will he do it? remember that he won't accept our apologies for what we have done and will not accept our apologies. He will be able to follow his logic. ( count 30:11-14.) He said he would help. Jesus. 41.10, 13; 1 Ko. 10:13) That's enough, don't lose weight. Stop thinking about the problem and make it a point to be glad what he did about what he did. His love for God will increase as soon as he knows who he is.

4. How does the Lord look at some of the Babule students?

5. How could the afraid of God be used by the young man in the city of Philip 3:16?

6. What would thebabu learnts do if it was difficult to do so? (Tenance 30:11-14) (See picture.)

JANUary 2026 21

He will not tell us what will happen in the future. he will help us to do his teaching (see figures 6).

we are happy that he gave us gifts that are not high enough. ”— 1 yo. 5:30 *

How did some of you sudden changes in your version of the evidence turn out to be a violation of your God? Yaw is also a college student. The truth is, you are the first Babule students. The Bible says: "Revenge yourselves ... He will come back soon." (Yes 4:8; 1 Concerning. If he does something that will make him break your trust in God, he will also break your neck. It is true that his parents are interested in him. The reason he likes about this is that he wants to change his mind and he can become his friend. Why can I be a friend of Jehovah? It's a leather valise. It's worth noting. Aram

If he wants to learn more about Babule, then he can see "I want to do What I want to do" There's a life worth reading! At the book. "I want to do What I want to do" is in the middle of this article.

7. What potential dangers are associated with verification?

5:1, 2) Therefore, when it is going to rain this year on Jesus's head, think of Jesus and Jesus the Lord has done something about it. Let's hope this makes it possible that he'll be happy to turn off the alarm so that God can save his son. *

Some people didn't know the water.

8 As a result of the water, he has already done several things to show that he believes in the cause of the problem. Meaning, it is possible to have a baby again and again. Do you know what Jesus is trying to do to the Poles and people? There is no difference between what is right and what is wrong. How many times does it take to thank God? 2 Tim. 3:12) Who shows how much he loves and believes in God. It shows that he is happy to accept Dayu's salary. "Heh. 12:2, 3.

Christian men must be very careful about what happens to them. It may seem that the situation is not important anymore. How could that have happened? The first month of the Christian century to visit Episus Jesus was kind to them while they were arguing. And he said to them in his song, “This is what I have to say. It's just that I don't like you at all.

If you would like to get a promotion during the pandemic, please refer to the album “Young Ones— Keep Working Out Your Own Salvation” in the December 2017 issue of The Watchtower.

8. How did some flood victims feel that they had a broken bed?

9. Dozens of antiquated Christians need to be reminded how dangerous it is?

22 PIGRA ZONTUA

Love me as soon as possible." (Lil. 2:3, 4) Jesus' song shows that Christianity can start doing things and not be pleased with God all his heart. This person can wear it, come to class, come to be famous, and not all his heart's desire is in it. That shows that his love is cold. How can I make sure that I am in love with him?

10 Prophet Paul urged Timothy to give a helping hand to Jehovah and to let his heart be in it. ( count 1 Timothy 4:13, 15.) Just like what Paul said, try to think of how he can be a success and give thanks to his God. (Arom 12:11) At first, he may be more careful and go to class. That will help him to listen carefully in his studies. After a home syllabus, he may go there to meditate. As often as they do fire, then most of the time to do this work will have made him happy and happy because he did it for us. By the way, it will take a few weeks to assemble the food, and perhaps take those weeks to assemble the information that Jehovah gives his yams. The prize won't go well with the sacrifice, but it will go well with the friend of the Lord.

Even if it's very hard, try doing things that will make her mother cook for Jehovah (see numbers 11-12)

Ask yourself, 'What shall I do now?'

(see also Liquor 16)

JSORG

tomea looked and lived up to Paul's words at 2:5 p.m. They said, "get up, get up, get along with you in the good position. Jesus is coming along the way." For instance, can you ask a question to 'I have made the Kingdom of God come first in my life?' (Mt. 6:33) 'Did my choice of words imply that I should look upto them?' (Yes 97:10) 'What do I have to do to make peace with my brothers?' (Ep. 4:2,3 Keep in mind that the time of the food is good enough to think about this. If we consider what Jesus did for us, then we will make it clear that we are happy. Find an opportunity to talk to Christ and ask for as much as Paul says. *

the officers who were responsible for the crime.

14 To some of the brethren, many years have passed since they were no longer studying. Why? Some of the things on this earth are not good for them. (Lunter) 21:34) Mmabila can make some people angry. (Yes 3:2. Others used violence and didn't want to ask for help. In any case, how will he do it if he gets tired? The more she fell in love with him, the more she wanted him to do what?

15 Think again what he likes most. He didn't stop them. he/she is

It'll get right back in his place. He'll help him paint the fence and help his brother get better early. He will restore peace and tranquility. All these problems will make it easier for him to say thanks to his brethren and to his mother-in-law,” he added. Remember that the windscreen is wide enough to aid us. The candles don't look like 'shadows'. Jesus. KDE2) I am happy to have lost the gun, may I ask myself, 'What shall I do now, that I may return to the place where I am? Jesus. 1:18; 1 Pe. 2:25) Am I going to enjoy learning in the king's palace? One word of encouragement can help a child to know if he wants to help him or her back to Jehovah. Maybe he should tell Mmabila that he taught her. Be certain that he will help us. He said he would be very grateful for the present.

What will he do?

17 Jesus said that he would die "as far as I [he] is concerned, that he may come and have life without end." (Yon 3:16) And he extinguished the belly of the buffaloes and put them on the edge of death. It's not supposed to happen that way. (Arom 3:23, 24; 2 Ko. 6:1) As soon as the meal is ready, that's enough for us to think about how much we love Jehovah and Jesus. That will help us to enjoy ourselves.

What would become of the 18th grade? The only way to improve the quality of our life is by following the will of others. Be assured that he will keep in mind how he will extend the blessing of thousands of M Mmabila. Remember that the rest of the world does not care about what they want. They belong to him, Christa. That’s enough. 5:15

17-18 How much time will it take to finish this song?

How can we make sure that we are happy in this world?

Even Babule's headteacher

Some people didn't rice

the nestlings of the Pissi.

14th year

The new tunnel is underway.

March 30–April 5, 2026

Anniversary 76

How Does It Make You Feel? (It's Concerning Happiness)

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

How can we persuade Babule to be honest is as well.

To terl Baabule's truth is certain.

“Yes, my Lord, the God of truth.”—IM. 31.5, NWT.

Before we met a friend of mine, we asked each other "How did he know the truth?" Those who say they are honest in what they say. Some of us used to say that in those days, I had already learned the truth. To answer that is, the truth from God is that we will live our lives forever. Why? As a result, we realized that if we admired the truth, we would do a great job in addition to ourselves. That explains how our actions should have been true. 15:1-3

2 Jesus was absolutely right. It is true that his regime doesn't care what he gets and that he is honest. (Mt. 22:16) Jesus was speaking to his disciples about the fact that his teaching would be done by others. He said: "I have come to see my father and my son, my daughter and my mother, my wife and my grandfather." (Mt. 10:35) Jesus was not likeing people to turn off the offer he had made.

1. How do we get together in the house of the Lord?

2. (a) How did people know about Jesus? (b) How was the truth that Jesus was a year old teacher made known to people?

26

The announcement was made when she realized that some would support her. (Mt. 23:37) He was aware that his statement would make news available to people in other parts of the world. Some people will not like the truth about Babulla and others will not want it. 2:9-11.

Jesus is said to have been true; he is always right even if people hate him. Is it certain that some people are angry about what we're talking about can make them nauseous or even offensive? Does that mean that we should not try to talk the truth? push that for a while! In this article, we will find the answer to this question: Where can we find the truth? To answer this question again: Why do we have to speak the truth and speak it? When was the last time you told the truth? This answer is good for us to talk the truth clearly so that we don’t need to talk about it.

Where can we find the truth?

The truth comes from God. Everything he says is true. For instance, he taught us what is right and what is wrong. (Yes 19:9; 15)142, 151) Everything he says will happen tomorrow has indeed come true. Jesus. 55:10, 11. He never said anything before. (Foreignity. 23:19) Truly, Jehovah can't lie! (Heb. 6:18) To know

3. Can we talk about this happening?

4. Why did we say the truth from God?

Jehovah is the one who believes in God. 31.

Some people say it's difficult to know Jehovah, "reality to God". Our discovery shows that God exists. (Arom 1:20) Paul was speaking to some of the Greek writers in Athens, when he said that Jesus is trying to find him and not him." (Clause 27.) The truth is, he is looking forward to meeting people who are honest and happy. [Yon 6:44]

One way we can know God is through our study of the Bible. Naiyinɛ used his spare time to write the Bible. No, I didn't. 1:20, 21 Therefore, everything in the Bible is certain that we can agree with. Of course, it is true that Babule's storytelling about the history of life is true. (Pin. 1:1, 26) To her belief in the existence of the Bible, she revealed the cause of death. (Arom 5:12; 6:23) It is true that Babulela is saying that he will go through with his son-in-law and make preparations for the destruction of his son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law's son-in-law. (Yon 8:44; Arom. 16:20) To believe in the existence of the Bible, the Bible emphasizes that Jesus will destroy the future, raise the dead, prepare the earth, and help us to enjoy the good. (Yon 11:25, 26; 1 yon. 3:8. What a wonderful opportunity! He explained to us the truth and the way we tend to be teachers. "Mt. =19, 20.

5. Why is it so difficult to know "reality"? Speak softly. (Toooma 27)

6. What are some of the things that happened in Babylon that made us happy?

JANUary 2026

If he were telling the truth, would you let people's opinions come true? (See Literacy 7/8)

Why is it so difficult to tell the truth?

As we already know how genuine we are, we need to bear in mind that we are still on the side of the Lord's house. To be happy you need not be interested in politics. The reason why he told the truth is important to God. Look who was Jesus then on earth. (Read Mark 3:11, 12.) When Jesus came back from Galilee to Galilee, a crowd of people were gathered around him. Some of the young men and women who were believed to have been imprisoned in the presence of Jesus cried out: "This is God's son-in-law." Why did the young man tell the truth that Jesus was God's son-in-law? Maybe they want to talk to the people about this and make it known that they are no longer worship him. What the whiteboards talked about was a genuine idea. They didn't teach Jesus what he did to be happy. Even so, Jesus was speaking to the disciples not to smile on him.

What can we learn from this? The main reason for his story is love of God. Therefore, it is essential that we promote genuine interest in people when they're in us, we'll give the praise to Jehovah!."Mt. 5:16; compare with me. 14:12-15.

It doesn't matter what we do.

Let him be happy. Mag. 11:13) Why? It is certain that what we talk about is true and that we should not talk. It shows that we have no intention of discussion.

How can we tell the truth?

10 Read under 4:6. The musician Paul used to remember the Christian leader who had given them a speech "that was better than the well-being of people." Does that make sense? The Greek word used in the work taught us that language should help people to understand the meaning of life.

11 It is important to follow Paul's advice in order to let our speech become clear to people's validity. Thebabu put the facts into practice with a knife with two legs and a meal, stay inside. It makes us know how to swim. (Heb. 4:12) And except for those who are not faithful to the King of Babylon, people can become angry. How could that have happened?

12 Making sure he's in the mood of speaking to a friend of the weather and he's also having fun with his parents. Christmas is an Easter party. He can use the Bible to teach the child that it is necessary for him to play the oboe. He might decide that Christmas is a fantasy. Jesus. 44:14-20; 2 Ko. 6:14-17) When he begins the conversation with her, it is certain that what we say about him is true and he doesn't believe in the existence of God.

10. Does it really make sense to speak “a good word”? (Clause 4:6)

11-12. Why do we need to make an accurate report? Give an example. (See picture.)

How can we learn a language in a teacher? (see numbers 11-12)

Tossa Jesus knew exactly how to say the word, which is what will be the meaning of the (Additional zone)

13 Paul told his colleagues that they would make their speech as strange as food. That doesn't mean we are letting go of life or hide the truth. And in his year, he said he wanted us to make the decision “sociate all the people” and it would also do so if we told the truth to people, it would make them happy. (Ob 12:11) That's quite a good story. If it is the saddest thing for us to have a bad dream, everyone has a bad dream. That effort bore no fruit, so bear in mind how nice the gift is to everyone. It's not that bad. For example, when people are afraid of violence, they are always afraid of what is on their side; they are always afraid of what is on their side; they are always afraid of what is on their side. Some of his family members still don't think that if he doesn't speak that way, that's obscene. Does Paul say that he is very careful about what is expected to happen? Let's go. Let's go. That's something wonderful." That explains how we communicate with people and how we communicate with them.

THE HUMILITY OF THE HUMILITY FOR THE LIVING OF THE HUMILITY OF THE LIVING AREA

14 Asamoah didn't know the answer to his goal when he was answering his goal in life. That's why he got a lot of trouble when he was young. (Mr. 6:34) And there were some things that were supposed to be learned. Jesus was so young that he taught them everything he knew. He was a real drunkard. He realized that, they would not be able to learn new things at that time. He said that they couldn't quite understand the situation. (Yon 16:12) What's that mean?

15 Jesus explained that, we know the truth and not the fact that anything is revealed. How do we talk about Jesus?

13th. How can we keep our word?

14. When Jesus was in this town, he was teaching his disciples everything he knew about it. Please choose a stronger password.

15. Does it need to be described to Baabule students anything that we know? Please choose a stronger password. (Magaa 5:11) (See picture..)

30 PIGRA ZONTUA

We need to appeal to people's opinions. Think of the Christmas carols and the Easter party. You know, they are fairy tales for God and he doesn't like them. I guess it's only two weeks to Christmas that she starts learning. If we had shown him how to play the babysitter on his way to prepare Christmas carols, would the report be interesting to him? In fact, some of Babule's students used to practice the things they taught. Some of them have been studying for a long time now. Tobabule's classmates will get a raise after they have been taught something important that would not bother them. Read at 5:11 PM.

16 Things have made us happy. One is good at teaching people the truth. We can help them find the truth when it comes to this: It makes perfect sense to them. (euph. 3, 4) Life tells us that he believes in the existence of God, but not in the knowledge of God. When you say something, make it true. When she's teaching people, let her feel good, talk to me, know when to speak. When they are in labour, let them praise the Lord. When he does that, it means he is really pleased with the Lord.

16. How can we help our students of Bible studies to "remain in the truth".

THE picture was taken at 29 o'clock: The first pictures showed the morning brothers going to someone's house and getting a Christmas shower and mailing a letter to the teacher starting with Christmas. On the phone, the man presented the man with a book he was supposed to be doing. In these two cases, which problem will affect someone's heart?

What did they learn about this song?

Toma 27

4:6

Magaha 5:11

160

'Teller'!

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

January 2026 147, No. 1 FRAFRA

There's something about it.

There are projections for March 2

He didn't mean to be a teacher.

There is a hearing on March 9-15.8%.

If he accepts an apology, it means that he has no intention of remaining silent.

A press release of March 16-22

As far as Lua Bua is concerned

A press release on March 23-29

How can I make sure that I'm happy with that book?

There is a hearing on March 30–April 5

To tell the truth about Babulela is a good thing.

Engagement

Think about how he became a father when he was a child.

The Bible has many books that have been believed to be true. If we consider these things, it help us to understand how to read and study the novel. Let’s take a look at how much it can cost to see how much Babulla is now drinking.

• Read it out. If he read the story, it would help him to focus on the issue. If the phone number of the person reading the Bible, you can choose a room for each person to read, that will help you understand the situation better.

• Think about what's going on. When he is reading, think of how he sees people. Warn, ask yourself: 'Why did the boy talk or do that? If it were me in this room, what would I think or what would happen to me?'

• To loosen the situation If you are interested in Babule, it will help you to see the matter better and remember what you read even though it doesn't really make sense.

This book isn't sellable. People from the ages of made up their minds to help the teaching of the Bible throughout the world. If you want to find something to help, someone visited donate.v.org.

All the Baabule editions are from the Yendi paper—the French language for the NWT, which is from the New World translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. Je48/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to uv.org/ugu online business or the bank this year

J.ORG ®

w26.01-FF