UK August 2026

JEHO VA leaves the JEH VALD

Adzesua: OCtober 5 "noVEmber 1, 2026

OCtober 5-11, 2026

believe in Jesus and in the Kingdom of Jesus and not in God's Kingdom.

NDW figure55

Don't Be Outof Them!

Dzia YEBOSAA

Don't ever believe the lie that has been told by him about our God and God, Jesus Christ.

"Adom does not prevent Abonsam, and it runs away from him. —JAS. 4:7.

WASI decided to serve him as soon as possible, then the fight between the world and the spirit of the world was fought. But as for him, he well knows that he is with us, so he can never defeat us. So all he wants is to stop worshiping God in order not to help us again. One thing is that he wants us to think that we don't love him and his Son.—2 Cor. 11:14; Jas. 1:6.

2 If there is a battle with an army, they should listen to what their leaders are going to say. If they don't listen to their leaders and others who do things they want, it can risk their lives. This is how we fight against the enemy and his “goats”. (Eph. In view of this, the Bible explains that if we do not believe in our God, Jehovah, and Jesus Christ, we will not listen to them. So it's too much that he won't let us trust them. In this lesson, we will consider what was done by him to prevent people from believe in him in the past and how this is done in our time. Then, we will consider how we can build ourselves so that we don't believe in his lies. In the next lesson, we will consider two different ways that we are deceived by this world so that we will abandon our worship of Jehovah. *

* It's not always that the problems we face are caused by our own hands. But the spirit of the world, which encourages people to That's why, when we are passing through a problem, when we are being treated with contempt, it is all because of the influence of the wicked.—1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

1. What is the intentions of the world that the world wants?

2. What is the most important reason for us to trust in our God and Jesus Christ?

2

SANCEN G EGAA FAA JE SS

3 By the time that Adam and Ewe were created, it was not long before he created them to obey him. Ewe was deceived by the Creator not to love and care for him, and Eve also believed in him. He asked Eve: "Even you really thank God, don't you eat all these beans? " (Gen. 3.1-5) He deceived Ewe not to do all the things that he and his wife needed and that he has given them to them. Unfortunately, Eve heard from him his enemy, then later Adam also joined them. He gave them all they needed, but they refused to listen.—Gen. 3.6

4 From the beginning of Adam and Eve from their reign till now, the lie that has been told about Jehovah is still false. To use an example, then, he wanted Joseph to think that he didn't love him and that all the service he was religious to him was empty. So he let some of his friends tell a lie about him to Joys. ( Job 621-3) Abonsam thought that if he put him to the test, he would stop worshiping Jehovah, so he made him very happy. But the devil got hold of him, because Joseph remained faithful to him and their friendship was strengthened.— Job :1, 5.

5 That was not the end of it. When Jesus came to earth, he took his words to him, and he did so that people would not follow him. One thing he did was give false information to religious leaders and others who don't like him. At the end of this, a crowd of people believed that Joseph was a criminal and was sentenced to death.— Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14.55, fifty; John 5:4145.

6 After the death of Jesus, then, he looked at his followers and did all he could so that they would abandon the good news about John that they were preaching. He didn't want people to believe that God had enthroned him, so he pushed some people to go and say that the body of Jesus' students had stolen him, and made this news come to light. (Matt. 28.11 - 15) After that, he gave religious leaders and power to the people of Joseph's followers in a very severe way. His only idea was that if he did that, they would be alarmed. He wanted to reach their hearts and make them think that the work their Lord has given them is too hard and they stop doing it.—Ann. 7:57 +8:1; 12:1-3; 28.22.

7 In fact, when some of Jesus' followers were arrested, some were alarmed, and this made them stop preaching the good news. But most of them refused to hold back, but they continue to preach the good news about Jesus. They were well known that despite the number of votes they were bringing to them, it was the father and his spirit that was behind them. (Ann. 4:18-20; 1 pet. 5:8) How about today? What is it that is doing to be discouraged from serve Jehovah?

SANCEN

8 Today, one of the things that is used by the world to deceive people is that they are not aware of the reality of both David and Jesus. According to the Bible, the Abonosam is a “fierce” and has used false worship to make false statements about him.

3. In what way did he deceive Eve to be a rebel against God?

4. What were the false accusations and lies that Joseph wanted to believe in him?

5. What did he do to make it harder for people to follow him? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. What did this do to stop the spread of the good news by the people of Jesus?

8. What lies is it that is used by him to tell lies about both John and John?

UK August 2026 3

The world of this world is disturbing us with empty things so that we don't follow God's laws (See

and about Jesus. (John 5: 44) As an example, he has blindfolded many people to see the individualities of both Jehovah and his Son, Jesus. 2 Cor. Today's various churches also teach that God is the same as John. Because of this many people do not know God and they also know his name. Because they serve God together, they serve his Son instead. For such a religions as this, both of them are not believed by both of them by both of them. (Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) Most of the people are so excited about this exercise that when we approach them to help them to know the truth, they don't listen to us and sometimes even speak against us.

9 If we want to take another friend, we first ask for his name. Similarly, if we can pick up our Jo-hovah friend we have to know his name first. The Bible says that if we see the name of Jehovah and trust in him, he will also protect us. (Proverbs. pil10) However, it is not in the interest of just someone who knows his name and reputation that they take with him. For this reason, he has resorted to false worship through history so much that it will not allow people to know his name. ( Read Eemerah ge26, 28.) One of the things he has done is that, it has made God's name known from various Bible translation. Also, through false worship of the devil

9. What information has been used by the world to alert people to false worship? ( Jeremiah baw26, 27)

4

Many people have come to the view that it is from God that we see customs. But this story is not true. This has made it hard for many people to draw closer to him and to take him as a friend. (Jas. Afterwards not only this, it is because of this that he is trying to stop his servants from serving him.

10 If we are going through a problem, then he wants us to think that we don't care about him. And if the problem is going to get in the chair, it doesn't really make us so angry at him that he doesn't do what we're going through. (Proverbs. 19,3) If that happens to be so, we would not be like, 'If I use the word of God to live my life in order to be independent, then that wouldn't be where I would be and I would be better.' But if we have this opinion, it will not allow us to do only what he wants, but what he wants is that we do.

11 through social media, he deceived people into thinking that they shouldn't live in accordance with his laws. When it comes to social media, many people think that the principles in the Bible are out of control, and everyone can do what they think is best for him. Let's say that the "king of the world's power" is very attractive. It has made people believe that what God says is right is bad and that what is bad.—John 14.30; Isa. 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1, 2.

12 If we listen to this world's lies, it can bring us away from Jehovah. A young lady named Fanonlo, said: “I was taught that what I was taught at school was the destruction I was getting into trouble with my classmates.

think. I have even come to love things that I don't like so much. I was still lying on social media, so I started to behave like the people on the other hand. little by little, I realized that I didn’t want to even associate with my family with my fellow Christians. Let's see what helped him.

13 Fanon found out that if it is possible to continue to maintain a positive relationship with both between Joseph and Jesus, there must be some changes. He said: “I am very impressed with this issue and begged Jehovah to help me get along with my loved friends. Then, I did research in the Bible books. A video named the Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Frieds? (Young People Ask—How Should I He greatly helped me. *The only problem with some women in the video was that it was disturbing. The secretary reported her worries to her parents for help, so I did the same. My parents, the elders in my congregation, along with some experienced women, helped me to avoid friendship with those who don't love Jehovah. You will know that when I go to study and hide from my parents, she just doesn't mean that I serve her too well. Instead, I have to take a closer friend of Jehovah and live by his word.

JES SS

14 If we want to continue to be friends of ours, we need to treat those who love him.

17 The name has been changed.

10. Of what use is it to make a Christian angry at Jehovah?

11. In what way has he caused people to think that they should not follow his laws? (See picture above.)

12. So why don't we let ourselves be deceived by him?

* To find information that can help boys and girls to stay closer to their God, go to jw.org and watch the section that has been named religious, in the constituency community. More information will be found in the following address called “Young People Ask” on the application of the JW Liberation magazine. It is under a theme which says the word of God.

13 What are the benefits and benefits of this story from Fanon?

14. What should we do if we don't want to break up with him? (See picture above.)

UK August 2026

5

CISso BOB VALCO GRATUIto

If we focus on the good things that will help us to maintain our relationship with him, we will not allow ourselves to be deceived by him (See

his friend. (Jas. Again, we need to be very careful not to believe anything we are going to read or hear. Sometimes we may read a story or hear a story that is not very true or it may not be true. Without care, we can be deceived by things like this. But if we take the time to study the Bible and the books of the congregation and associate with those who love God very much, nobody can deceive us. If we fully understand what the Bible teaches, we will not allow ourselves to be destroyed by him.—Prominent. :20; Andw. 1711.

15 A careful study of the Bible will help us to trust that Jehovah and Jesus are very interested in us and that they want us to be happy. (Proverbs. 6219) If we read the Bible accounts that give us insight into how much you think and think about someone, it will give us hope that if we take their friend, we would not throw ourselves away. Also, the Bible contains a lot of comforting news that shows how loved we are to be loved by both Jehovah and Jesus. For example, he said that he loves his servants more than himself.

15 What can help us to trust that Jehovah and Jesus are very interested in us and they want us to be happy?

6 WASS:

how a old woman has loved her son who is at the mouth of the nipple. (Isa. SE:15) Now, he says to anyone whose name is precious to him, he sees it as a treasure in his heart. (Mal. 3:16, our Bibles also prove that Jesus loves us very much, so he died for us.—John 15,12, 13

16 When we think about the things that both God and Jesus do for us today, it will help us to be more than ever so sure that we are loved. Also, if we remember some of the things that Jehovah did to help us in the past, it will give us strong hope that he will continue to help us. We can talk with our fellow Christians and ask them about how Jehovah has helped them. (Proverbs. Bro17) If we do that, he will be very confident that, no matter what difficulties we might face, Jehovah and Jesus will support us.— ReadPsalm 111:5, 6.

17 All of us, we want to continue to do our best to the best of our abilities.

God and the one who created it is the one who created it and the one who created it. But until we are completely destroyed by the enemy attack, we will need to continue to deal with them so that they do not destroy our relationship with us as well as between ourselves and David. (See. In order not to be deceived by our enemies, we need to strengthen our relationship with him, and we are sure that he and his Son are very close to us and precious to them. If we do that, as Jesus said, "no one can take us out of the Father's hands. u -Kenne John 10:29; Jas. 4:7.

18 He is trying to destroy our relationship with our fellow human beings and also push people to despise us. It applies to these two ways in order to destroy our relationship with him. But what will we do to prevent him from getting us? Let's talk about this in the next lesson.

16th century . If we think about what Jehovah has done for us and others, how will it help us? (Psalm 111:5, wi.

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . As shown at John 10:29, what is the trust that Jesus has provided to those who have taken him and his Father together?

28. What will be discussed in the next lesson?

What is the meaning of this?

In the olden days, where did you come from and what did you say about you and Jesus?

What is the lie about Ewe and what is the lie that has been told by both David and David today?

What is Ebenadie's reason for it to be so important that both you and Asamoah like you so much and they want you to be happy?

NDW sings 150 In search of God and He will save You.

OCtober 12-30, 2026

You Can Approach The Despite!

“We don’t fight with the body and blood, but with the spirit in their houses and fight with them.”—Ph. 6:12.

NDW is 129 Wearen These Things everyday.

Dzia YEBOSAA always keeps in mind that if you don't fight with your fellow Christians, it's not theirs.

JEHO VALH has not fought with his servants. (Isa. 2.4; John ge36) But the Bible says we should fight against him and his spirit. (Ken-Kinne-Ken-Ken—Ephesians 611, 12) Our enemies who fight are more powerful than us. So what will we do with their fight and defeat them? Only Jehovah can help us to defeat them, so we need to rely on him. But we need to know some of the various things that are caused by this spirit in order to destroy it with the hands of our fellow Christians.

2 In the next lesson, we found a lie that Abom-sama said about God and Jesus Christ so that we would not believe them. In this lesson, we will consider two more ways that we can resist him. That's because he's trying to destroy the unity between us and our siblings. Also, it also causes others to resist us to fear or distract us from the work that he has commanded us to do, and gradually stop doing it.

S 1979N wants to destroy our VALIDIA.

3 He is trying to cause division between us and our brothers. The reason for this is that he knows if there is no peace between us, we will not fight against him but against ourselves. What causes division in us? They are painful and inefficietable of the good in the world.

1. Are you drinking and all of us should fight against them? (Ephesiansians 1:11, chapter 2. What will we discuss in this lesson? 3. What is the way that is used by him to divide us?

8

Jonathan's father, Saul, didn't rely on God, so he was homesick for David. But Jonathan did not accept it; however, he was supporting David (See Article 4, 20).

care for their neighbor. So they don't even trust themselves. What's in this world is that we'll be like these people. You know that if we learn from them, we will also talk against our fellow people and the organization of Jehovah, and it can even even help us to defend ourselves.—Romans. 1617.

4 Let us use the story of King David and King David as an example of what we are saying. From the beginning, King Saul had a deep interest in David, as he was a brave warrior. 1 Sam. Pigra) Asamoah reached a point where, Saul was turning against David caution. how did she come by? When he heard that the citizens were calling on David, he was very disappointed. So, Saul stared at David and did a lot of good to him. 1 Sam. If he was able to kill David, then he would be very happy with him. What is it that we are saying? The reason is that, it was because of David that he was made to become the future King of Israel. 1 Sam. 1613) If David did not become a King, then the happiness of the world would be great. It would have been very disgusting to him that because of the pain on account of Saul's face, he was looking for someone whom the King himself like to have committed the death of the King.

5 He well knows that the unity between us is the reason for the blessings that come from Jehovah and help us. (Psym. 133:1) So he wants us to be happy when our brothers are like him to David, so that we can destroy them. He knows if it happens that way, it would be very hard to love them. ( Mark 12:30, 31) Do we care if we keep an eye on our brothers and sisters whom we trust in God? The student James spoke out against such envying.— Read James 3:14-2016.

6 If we love ourselves so much, it won't make us very sad and homesick. Let's take a look at this.

4. What caused King Saul to look up to David? (See picture above.)

5. What is the reason why Abonos want us to be happy with our neighbours? ( James 3:14–)

6. What are the benefits and benefits of what Jonathan did? (See picture above.)

UK August 2026 9

an example of the good that was done by Saul's son Jonathan. His father was looking at David, but he was the one who was looking at him. He was sure that everything that Jehovah has said about David would come true. So he touched David's heart with pity and he said to him, "will be here in Israel." Jonathan wasn't very ambitious. She accepted that David is the King of Israel, so she is supporting him.—1 Sam. 16th anniversary, 17th anniversary.

7 We want to have a impression that because there is so much we do, because of our family and how we were trained, we cannot live in peace with our siblings so that it doesn't work. It is through this that it can destroy the peace between us. What can we do to prevent him from destroying the unity of us? When there are conflicts between our fellow people, we should try to settle them quickly. ( Read negativity 4:25-blading.) Continue to love your brothers and have genuine concern for them. Although it's as big as any of us like it, each of us needs a partner. 1 Cor. 12:12) We are in a fight with all our fellow Christians against him and his spirit.—1 Peter. 5:8, 9.

8 When a fellow Christian says or does something that hurts us, we should remember that we have also said or done something that hurt someone. It is said that, the nearby tree is growing. So we join our siblings in the ministry and work with them for the same other work in the congregation, otherwise, some of them will do something disturbing. (Psalm. 7:20) When this happens, the Bible advice that we should continue to be patient, we need to.

It works and we are willing to forgive them quickly. (Col. 3.12-2014) All we do is to maintain unity with our brothers, so we should strive to do that.—John 5:20, 21."

SphanT BEG closer to AFofofor than to Ebu.

9 One of the ways that we are discouraged by this is by causing people to despise us. The apostle Paul said that all true Christians would be disrespected. 2 Tim. 3.12) When people despise us, it's painful. So if we are not careful, we will do so as to let everyone know that we are safe or even say the law is similar to those people. At the end of this day, we have spent a lot of time with the important preaching work that was entrusted to us by Jehovah, which he has given us.—Romans. 12:19-21

10 Let's take a look at something which happened to Abraham's son Isaac. When Isaac became rich, the people of Philip became angry with him. That's why all the names of his father-in-law, Abraham's followers, were put in place by the people of the town. (Gen. sc12-18) Isaac and his family and friends all would need water, so Isaac moved away to get some of the sticks in the other place. At the place where he went, the people of Philip came to say that the cloth belongs to them. They don't treat him well with Isaac. This could easily make him discouraged. But Isaac didn't allow his hairdressers to continue working with the Cheldo people, but he did what he could to bring peace. He went back from there to another place and was blessed by Jehovah. (Gen. Roman19-25) If we, if people treat us well, we can learn from Isaac and seek peace and patience.

7. What can we do to prevent Abonosam from destroying the unity between us and our siblings? (Ephesians 4:25- 27)

8. What should we do if a fellow Christian says or does something that hurts us, or does something hurt us?

9. In what other way does this make us discouraged?

10. What happened when the Cheldo people did not treat him well with Isaac?

10 WASS:

Don't stand in any position but continue to support God's Kingdom (See Section.

11 Years later, the promised Jesus Christia came to the earth, and he was also treated well with her. Some of his relatives even confessed that he was crazy. (Mark 3:21) Every day, the religious leaders swear to her that she is not qualified to teach. (Luke 11:15, sacked by one of his close friends. (Matt. bo 14-16) The chief priests and the rulers joined forces to deal with him and put him to death. ( Marks 15:1, 13 - 15) Despite all these false accusations, Jesus remained silent and remained calm in his mind. Also, he did nothing to punish his enemies. During the arrest of the chief of the chief of the chief, the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief, the chief of the chief of the chief, the chief of the chief decided to cut him short of the feet of the chief. But Jesus was not very impressed with what Peter did, so he returned the egg to him with a small knife. (Luke 4250, 51) Despite all the difficulties that he faced, he never lost hope in the work that Jehovah had entrusted to him. Similarly, he did not intend to do something to pay back the money of his enemies.

12 Likewise today, the challenges we face can be very stressful. He wants us to stop the preaching work. Our non-Winner family members or others can hide our eyes from us or we can't be offended. But Jesus has told us to love even those who don't like us. ( Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) If people don't like us, we don't have to pay back their money. But even if they plead with us or they are not happy with us, we act on the advice of Jesus and work with them as well, being patient and respectful.—1 Cor. :4.

13 When government officials set out some laws

11. What happened when they were not eating with him well, did he?

12. As shown at Matthew 5:43, 44, what should we do if we are mistreated or disrespected by people?

13 What is the reason why we need to continue to respect the government, even if the government plans against us? (See picture above.)

UK August 2026 11 a.m.

If we love our fellow people and maintain unity with them, we will be able to defeat the enemy and his influence (See

It makes it harder for us to serve him as we want, even if it is difficult, we need to continue to respect him. What are the benefits? because this is what the Bible says we should do. (Rom. :1, But what's all we want is to speak against the authorities or make fun of them. Also, when you see a section behind a section, it will be very sweet. People in this world, if the government set up laws and don't agree with it, they are protesting against the government. But as for our Christians, we should not do such a thing. (Proverbs. 21,22; Osaka. 8,2, III So if we plead with the government or stand for some part, we are allowing the devil to defeat us.—John 15,19.

14 We are talking to some of the people who were in a fight against us in the past, some of them have become our fellow Christians and have not played with their religious beliefs. 1 Tim. 1:12, for this reason, if people make you a list of people who don’t like you, they despise you and tell lies about you, stating that in the future they can change and serve you. (Matt. 5:11) Also, government officials should allow us to serve him in peace. 1 Tim. 2.1, System extra to your family members, your workmates, or your classmates who lie down against you. If you ask for help in learning how you can change their attitude toward you, and be patient with them. A mother cried out against her husband for years, but later he became one of the Witnesses. He said, "You are very patient, you are very good because patience has been successful."

15 In the short term in this world, if we try to settle it, it will end, we would waste a lot of time and energy. (Psalm.

14. When people ask about us, what should we remember?

15 So why can't we solve common challenges in the world today?

12 WASS:

1:15) Jehovah knows which one we are passing through. (Psym. 18) His Kingdom will soon end all the difficulties that have been faced by him and his followers. 1 John 3:8; No. Again, until that time comes, we need to be patient and love our neighbor. We need to use our time and energy to help as many people as possible to make friends with him.

JEBOTIM is the name of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief of the chief.

16 The Bible assured us that we can defeat the spirit of the world that is from him. (Jas. 4:7; 1 John 5:4, what exactly is Ebenaede to help us win over them? The Bible says that if we trust in both God and Jesus, it will help us to succeed. (Eph. Afterward16) As a result, the faith in God and in Jesus Christ continues to grow. If so, you will be helped to continue to love and be united with your fellow Christians.

17 Abonosam will continue to take many different ways of doing it to the extent that it will destroy our relationship with our fellow human beings and make us feel better. But we never have to allow him. Jesus and Jesus have assured us that once we are arrested, they will never be separated from us. We fight with all our fellow hunters against our enemy Abonsam. But to the people who are hiding against us, we should try to apply the advice of Jesus and treat them well. (Luke 6:27, 28) So keep on fighting against the enemy and be assured that he can defeat his spirit.

16th century . What will help us to defeat him and his spirit home? (See the pictures on the other hand.)

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . What should be the importance of our decision to make?

What is the meaning of this?

how does this affect the unity of our brothers?

What role does this play in giving up by the hands of the wicked so that we will stop the preaching work?

What is the most important reason why it is possible to defeat the spirit of the world and the spirit of the world?

NDW is 149 Konyimbi Music.

OCtober 19-25, 2026

NDW ranked

DJIA YEBOSA A Yebo learn something from the Gospel of the Gospel,

‘I begged You With love’

“I have plead with you with love but I have pleaded with you with love.—PhIREM. 9.

We are very happy to have peace with our brothers and sisters. This peace allows us to know that Paradise will be very beautiful. (Isa. 3217, as it is true that this peace is from God, but it is the responsibility of every one of us to ensure that nothing is as bad as that peace. (Rom. 12:18) If this were so, how would that affect the peace and unity of the congregation? If we make a mistake to a fellow citizen or another member of the opposite sex, what can we do to prevent it from damaging our relationship with him? Let's take a look at some of the petition the King-of-the-universe made by the King of Judah to appear before him in the wilderness. That petition was about Osinus, and it would help us find an answer to this question.

PAST Her Adzes.

2 Read Philipmon 8, 9, 17. Paul wrote a letter to Philipman, and encouraged him to accept his knees Osi-mus again. Paul begged Philip to do this because he knew that Christ love is his fellow Christians. And were you at all called inemon was a brother in the Colossae congregation. She was known for her outstanding faith and love among her brothers. He had a certain daughter called Onnesium and she was not a Christian. One of them, Osinus ran away from Chemmon to Rome, and he almost got involved in theft and stealing. (Philalem. 18; check his explanation.) When Oseimus was in Rome, he became a Christian and took Paul's best friend. (Col. 1964. But the Roman law required that Onesimu return to his owner, Philip, so he went back.—Phillem. 12, adjectives to see the details of the "Wansey".

3 A certain one whom Paul was thinking, 'How will you do if Onesimu goes back to where he goes? Chelmon was under a law to wait for him.

1. What are the responsibility and responsibility of each of us?

2. When did the incident happened between Physical and Onesimus? (Phillemon 8, 9, pund

3. When Paul asked Osinus to return to Sierra Leone, where might he have been thinking about? (See the picture in front of this magazine.)

14

Osinus' ears, so would he go in law with him? And what about the brothers in the congregation, how will they react? What about the brothers with babies and those with babies, will it cause division among them?' Paul knew this news could destroy the peace in the congregation. So he wrote a letter to Yicicicucus to send an email to 'Phi-lemon. (Eph. 6:21,22; Col. 4:7-9; see the explanation of theColos-sahaer people 4:7.) During that time, he wrote a letter to the brothers in the Colossae congregation. In this lesson, we will discuss some of the letters that Paul wrote to the Chemon and the Colossaaa congregation, and consider what we can learn from what Paul did, Onnesium and

DziE EE BIA

4 What can we learn from how Paul did his thing? The way Paul treated others helped to promote peace in the congregation. So if we do that, we will keep peace in the congregation.

5 Paul sawinemon as his friend. (Philalem. Do not think that he is more powerful than Philip-mon, so what he tells him should listen to. 2 Cor. 1:24) Paul regarded Philip as his fellow worker, and he even mentioned his relationship with him. What he did, he would have greatly helped Polie-mon to know how he should live with Osei-mus who had now become his Christian brother. We can all learn from Paul, especially from the congregation elders. Living as a friend of the people in the congregation helps to maintain peace in the congregation. Because they love the sheep of God, they are not “gore” them. 1 pet. 5:1-3) Instead of having time for them, they listen to them and support them when they are in need. If the elders follow the example of Paul and make friends of the brothers, they will also learn from him and will help to maintain peace in the congregation.

6 Paul recommendedinemon. (Philalem. 4,5% One of We all need praise. What are the benefits? One reason is that, if any of us are in a situation, we don't feel that we are of no use. There is something that we don't like to be beautiful, people don't like us, or it's like we're going to lose some of our most important activities in the congregation. We are the same humans, in which we will think about things like that. But if we are not careful, this may or may make us angry with something that is not clear. It can even even cause us to make fun of ourselves or treat ourselves as more than others. All these can destroy the peace we have with our siblings. But if you normally praise others, it will make them feel important to themselves. (Proverbs. 12:25) This can reach their hearts and make them aware of how loved and loved we are. It doesn't want to make others feel that way, does it? If this were so, that would be all you could have, expressing your heart to others. It is not only when someone is able to do something and we need to praise it, but when we see someone trying to do something too, we should praise it. The long and long word for it is that, when you see something good about your sibling, catch it up with him.

7 Paul said good news about Osinus. ( Read It is likely that the good news about Onesimu that Paul told to Philipman was part of that which gave him a good idea of who he was and he was very well with him. So, too, if we talk about our brothers, it will make others feel better about themselves.

4.5%. How do the elders set a place for peace in the congregation?

6. What's the reason why it's so important to praise others?

7. So why should we be careful about what we say about others? (Philemon 1012)



Learn from Paul and have a positive attitude towards your fellow Christians and share their good news with them (See section 7

they treat them well and deal well with them. Similarly, if we were to speak ill of them, it wouldn't make some of them respect and treat them well. But in order to share good news with others, we need to have a positive attitude. What will help us to do that? Let's take a look at something that Paul used to do.

8 Paul always thanks God for the good attitude of Philipman. (Philalem. 4,? Also, he always thanked God for the positive attitude of others. 1 Cor. 1:4-7;Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, July 1 Theres. 1:2, 3) Paul was fully aware of his brothers' mistakes, but he was not the one who focused on them. But the good character you had was focused on, and he always thanked God for giving him such people. If you find it hard to tell good news about others, do this: Keep your mind on the good things others do, and take your heart to thank them and urge Jehovah to bless them. If so, it wouldn't be too hard for you to tell the good news about them.

9 The problem Paul was facing has made him struggle, but he spoke to Philipman very well. Things are in order.

8. What can help us to have a balanced view of our brothers and to share the good news with them? (See the pictures on the other hand.)

9. So why can we say that Paul did a great thing to write encouraging words to

Are you or are you too tired to commit suicide for someone? If we have been through so much abuse, it wouldn't be hard to bring our anger to others. If we have done something like this, then let's take a look at the words of Paul. When he was writing a letter to Philipman, what things were going on in his life? In the past few years, a group of people beat and arrested Paul badly and soldiers arrested him while he had done nothing wrong. After that, he was taken to prison in Jerusalem and Then, when they were going to Rome, the ship in charge, and when it got dark, the Roman government informed her in her house. While he was going to spread the letter ofinemon, the soldiers were waiting for him at his house, so it seemed like he was "in custody." (Philalem. ? but did the many challenges that Paul faced cause him to write words that are painful to Chelmon? She is innocent. But the words that Paul wrote to What is the lesson in this issue? That's because, when we come up, even when we're under pressure or are going through a problem, we should try to communicate with our fellow people very well and treat them well. If we do that, we will promote peace in the congregation. But if there is also peace with our fellows, it will help us to solve any problems we are facing.

16 WASS:

DJIA YE BIA MomIA

10 If we do something or say something to other problems, what Onesimu did can help us to negotiate and bring peace. What happened to Osinus? She admitted to him, and he did his farm to settle them with Philipman. What he did, he would easily say that he was very easy. But most of the time, it is not easy to do that. Oseimus was well known that under the Roman law, he had to go back to his master. So he spent a long distance of over 90 miles or 1,400 km and went back to Chemmon. He was ready to return to being a witch again and any punishment he would get will be accepted. It could have been that he was very rude to him to go back to his master. Even though he realized that he had escaped from Sierra Leone, he was on his way. Even if he had the same idea, he didn't allow that to hold him back from going back to him. And because he had also become a fellow Christian, he was ready to do all he can to maintain peace with him.

10. What can we learn from What Onesimus did?

11 When a person is hurt by something, take the steps he or she takes to solve it. (Matt. 5:23-25) The fact is that this can be very hard, but if you keep an eye on it, it will help to maintain peace with your brother. So if you have been to your brother, take the initiative to plead with him from your heart. Now when he is talking, listen attentively. And let's know you know that he was very disturbed with what happened to him. admitted your mistakes and never blame yourself or blame others for what you have done. If so, you will make the person feel that the apology is not genuine and that this can bring the issue to a point or worse. Apologising from your heart requires self-control. This is easy, but it can help to prepare immediately for it so that there will be peace.—Romans. 14.19

DziE EE BIA MomIA from the Philemon

12 If someone makes a mistake, what Philipman did can help us to know how to tie up our own person so that we can bring peace. Looking at, did Philipman forgive Osinus and save him again? The Bible doesn't say.

11. If we have done something disturbing to someone, what can we do to solve it? (See the pictures on the other hand.)

12. And why was Paul so sure that Philipman would forgive him?

Learn from Osinium and do all you can to maintain peace with your siblings (See Section.

learning to be a stranger to your brothers and sisters will help to maintain peace in the congregation.

(See chapter 7

But Paul was sure that Philipman would share it with him. (Philalem. 17, Because Paul was well known to Philip, he was aware that it would not be too difficult for him to forgive Osinus badly. How was Hilemon?

13 Philiplon loved his brothers. (Philalem. His name is "love" and the fact is that his name was the same as his body. Those in the congregation did not know that Gideon loved them very much. And this same love would allow Oseimu to forgive him. In a letter written to the Colossae congregation in ( Read Colossa today 3:14.) This shows that the qualities required to maintain peace with others are love. If we love others, it wouldn't be too hard to forgive them and treat them well. 1 Cor. :4-7) Let's see how the love of Philipman has helped him to forgive Osinus.

14 He had a passion for foreigners, so it wasn't very hard to show love to others. He even allowed congregation meetings to be held in his house. (Philalem. Dr. Paul asked Philipman to settle the situation for him. This also shows that he was fond of foreigners. (Philalem. 22) It filled people with pity, and it made it easier for them to stay close to Chelmon because she loved kindness.—Phillem. 7.

15 How can learning to love new ones help us if we do that? When we show kindness to our brothers, we will come to know them well. If there are any of our brothers, we would never try to be so close to them, and if there are others, we don't feel that we can't get along with them. But if we get along with all these brothers, it will let us know that they have beautiful behaviors. These same behaviors also make the congregation feel better. If we come across a family from whom, how they came to be in the congregation and what they have experienced in life, it will help us to love and respect them dearly. He will inform us about the reason why Jehovah drew them to his organization. The fact is that, when we show kindness to our brothers, we love them very much, we care about them and when they make mistakes, we forgive them.

16 Am speaking, which is hard for you as a present.

13 What is the purpose of love for us as we have peace with our fellow people? (Colossiansa 3.14)

14. So why can we say that Philipman wanted to be a stranger?

15 When we show kindness to our brothers, how can we come to love them dearly? (See the pictures on the other hand.)

16th century . In Paul's advice atColossa at 3:13, how was Chelmon working with him?

18

some of your brothers will catch him. The fact is that we love our brothers, but sometimes it is hard for us to cover them with their sins. What factors can help us to forgive them? Let's take a look at what Paul wrote to the Colossae congregation that was together in the Chelmon house. The story is atColossah at 3:13. ( Read.) He took it for granted that she was sitting in the field while they were reading the letter, considering what you are going to think of her will happen to her? Was Osinus ever so angry with him? If so, that's the letter informing him of what he should do. She had to continue to be patient with Osinus and kindly forgive him. What if we are too difficult to blame someone, how will Paul’s advice help us?

17 When Paul asked us to continue to be patient with our brothers, what did he mean? He was encouraging us to be patient with him if one of our sisters wrongs us or makes us angry. The same text shows that he loves us and forgives us so we need to learn from him. Jehovah does not expect us to do what is more than our strengths. He knows we are mistaken, but he is focusing on the positive attitude we have. (Psym. 123:13, h 130:3) And because of this he continues to show us true love and see our goats.

(Kwa. 3,22, if we try to know our brothers that as Jehovah sees them, it is very easy for us to be patient with them just as they are also patient with us. To example, if we plant a tree and we know that if it grows very beautiful, we will be patient and continue to water it with the exception of the blessings that will last forever. Just like us, if we focus on the good character of our fellow people, it will help us to be patient when they sin to us, and to forgive them and treat them well.

18 The peaceful conduct of everything in the congregation is seen and appreciated by him. So every day is something that will make it better with your siblings. Don't talk to them well and tell them good news. If you have offended a fellow citizen, apologize to the person and do all you can and do not argue with him or her. Now your heart loves your brothers, because it is the one who will forgive them. If you do all these things, it will help to promote peace in the congregation and you will be among the humble who “will possess the earth” and will also enjoy forever.—Psalm. 11 cedi.

17, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . What does it mean to be patient with our brothers?

28. What exactly are you determined to do?

The letter that Paul wrote to him in Onnesium, yychicus, and others was being read to him by the government.

When did the students get married?

arrest the Minister, the Minister of Finance, the Minister of Finance.

Take Osinus with him.

see you at Milleyon.

NDW till 154 She loves Mapa

OCtober 26-noVEmber 1, 2026

NDW is 62nd The New song

DJIA YEBOSA's arrangement for survival, the privilege to serve him, is the work he has entrusted to us to preaching the good news, we should be grateful for it.

Make the "Operation With Rosemoral God"!

"How is it that he gives him the chance to serve him without fear? —Ghana 1:69,74.

AS Abare who was old priest Zechariah, and his wife Elizabeth had also played the old woman, Jehovah did some great works. She gave birth to a male child, and she was named John. When their neighbors and relatives heard this news, they were shocked. So they asked, "What kind of woman will this child grow up to be? " (Luke 1:57-22) Because of Zechariah they responded. He explained to them that, the time will soon come for Christia who has been looking forward for years, and John will help people to change, so that when Christia comes they will follow him. ( Amos 3:7; July 1:67-79) However, it is not only what his son John will do that will be discussed. 17 From the statement of Zecheria, it was a coincidence, and in this lesson, we will see that this conversation applies to us as well. Zechariah's story can help us to identify three things we should love. These are: 1:1 planned to save us, 2. privilege to serve Jehovah, and (3) the ministry of the good news that has been entrusted to us.

JEhovAH

2. Read more 1:67-73. God had promised to save his people. But were you there to rescue them through that? Zechariah said: " (Luke 1:69; see the explanation about it.) It was the Christia.

*See the video video of the Gospel of Jesus, chapter 1, chapter 1, which is called Zechariah. You will see the details of this video at Chapter 1:67.

1. What did Zechariah dream about? 2. (a) As shown at John 1:67-73, what did you promise to do for his people? (b) Are you an example of the 'kingdom' mentioned at John 1:69?

20

it will be that "kingdom in power." The people of Judah who were in Zechariah's days were already expecting the promised Christia. They thought he would be his descendants of Abraham, and he would be from the family of King David. (Gen. Bro17, 18; Mat. 42) If this were so, then what was the reason why did you make Zechariah say about this queenmother? The reason is that Christiah's children were very close to him. Mary Mary was born in May. And as the angel Gabriel said concerning him, he would be called "King of God's Son." He would sit on the seat of his father David's palace. (Luke 1:30-35) When he was young to Jesus, he was 30 and at that time he became the sovereign queen. It was at that very moment that he was spirited by the holy spirit from God to become Christia who had been promised him. (Matt. 3:16, thank you Nana is indeed a wonderful news.

3 There was a need to save the Europeans who were there at that time. But were you hand in hand or hand in hand and they have to save their houses? Zecheriah gives an answer to this issue. He said: “We will be saved from our enemies and all those who attack us. (Luke 1: 71) At that time, the Roman government was in charge of the Jews, and the Europeans were greatly distressed. So Zechariah wanted to prove that Jesus would save the people of Judah from their hands? She is innocent. Instead, he would have saved the people of Judah from their biggest enemy, who was behind them all the various customs they were seeing, that he was behind. (Heb. 2.14, consider this same as the one who made all the things, including the sins and deaths among the people of Judah. In addition to this, the people of Judah couldn't just follow the Law of Moses, so they had come under the leadership of the law for this reason they need to accept it.

3. What was the reason why they had to save the people of Judah?

they. (Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3,10, through Zechariah, he promised them that "he would forgive them their sins and save them. ”—Luke 1:77.

4 Also today, who are the enemies that need to save us from their hands? Just like the Jews in the days of Jesus, we also sin and die. (Rom. 5:12) In addition to that, we are under severe pressure from the spirits of this world that are making us very tired. They were trying to work hard on us and stop worshiping Jehovah. On the other hand, some people were also forced into following certain pressures to disrespect us. Let's say, we need a rescue person who will save us from all these enemies' hands.

5 Let's consider what our Queen Jesus has done to save us from sin. During his ministry, he taught his students the right way to worship Jehovah. After that, he gave his life for us, " To the death of everyone who believes in him, but he has not yet come to an end." (John 3:23 mt. Jo28) Despite our effort to serve God as taught by Jesus, we still have sin among us. But if we make a mistake and plead with God to forgive us, because of the sacrifice of the matriline, he will forgive us, and accept our worship. 1 John 2:1,

6 How long will Jesus save us from sin and death, from the spirits of God, from the hands of the wicked, and from the hands of the wicked? Jesus was installed on the throne of his father David in the year 14.

4. In view of our times, who are the enemies to save us from their hands?

5. What did Jesus do to save us from sin?

6. What future will King Jesus do for the future? (See picture above.)

UK August 202621

through Jesus Christ, we are saved (See Section.

(Luke 1:23, 2017) As the King of God's Kingdom and the over 144,000 hunters will destroy all of God's enemies on earth in the battle of Amagedon. Now in Mfranfarian Apem Tumdi, Jesus will raise the dead, and gradually, he will help the 144,000 women to become independent people. (John 5:28; God. 621, J.O. , is not as bad as the Fronfo's apple is when it is finished, they have been sacked and the death that Adam inherited from him has been eliminated from him. 1 Cor. 15,26,55-57) After that, they will completely destroy the father and his spirit, and any person who will support them in the final exam. (See. Jo 7:7-10) Now, those who serve God with loyalty will be able to serve him with joy. They won't sin, they won't die, and no enemy will abuse them anymore. We will praise our God forever, and continue to thank him for his “ great gift” to us. One of the gifts is the life through Christ Jesus for him.—2 Cor. See15.

JEASTA JEE RUN JEHOVah

7. Read together 1:74, 75. The animal sacrifice is a gift from God that gives us a unique chance. Zechariah said that "it gives us the chance to serve him without fear. When we go out in the ministry, we continue to pray, study the Bible, and attend the meetings as well as the meetings and small gatherings, we are really going to “ worship” Jehovah. There are other work we do that shows that we are serving Jehovah. One of these is to go to work at the offices, help in the construction and maintenance of Kingdom halls and the Assembly halls.

8 When it is said that we serve God with no fear, what does it mean? First, it means we are-stool.

7. As shown at John 1:74, 75, what opportunity does he give to his servants?

8. What do we not fear?

22 WASS

I'm not afraid we'll die. We have hope that in the future we will live forever, so we don't bother to get a better life in this world, but we try and do things that please Yeho-vah. We are not alarmed even if our voters fear that they will kill us. But we continue to be faithful to Yeho-vah because we know that even if we die, Jesus will bring us back to life again. (John 6:39, 40) On the other hand, it means that despite our sins, we are not to be afraid because Yeho-vah does not have the power to attack us. Instead, he lets us know that he loves us, and he agrees with us. And because of the sacrifice of evil, we are confident that if we sin and seek forgiveness from God, he will find our bread and give it to us.—1 John 4:9, 10.

9 But there are some of our fellow Christians who feel that what they do in service to God is not acceptable to him. Some of them feel that they shouldn't be worthy and that God doesn't love them because of some situations in life that they have made. Or they are suffering from a past sin even though they have pleaded for forgiveness from God and have been given assistance by the elders. If you feel that way, what can help you?

10 Let's have an example. If a person has a stroke and goes to see a doctor, the doctor will be infront of the doctor and show him one or two things that will help him to stay calm again. But what if the person gets the idea that as it helps the injury, it can't move anymore? She should believe in the doctor and do what she has been told to do. If it happens like that, gradually, it can become softer and can even run.

9. How do some of our fellow Christians feel?

10-11. If we are afflicted by a past sin, what can we do about it? Take an example.

11 Similarly, if you are still suffering from a past sin and you feel that you are no longer loved by God, believe that Yeho-vah has forgive you. Remember that he loved you so much, that's why he made him the Son die for you. (John 1:16, go to Rome. 3,23, 24; 1 John 3:19, continue to praise you, study your A-learning Bible and attend the studies, and if you do these things, it will help you to accept that you are (Psym. 1:2; 1 Theres. 5:17;verb. 10:25) Just as it takes time for someone with a broken leg to get rid of him again, so it is also the one who takes time to admit that he has forgiven you. But if you do the things described above, you will gradually come to be more and more sure that he loves you. So don't be discouraged by the feeling that you feel like you don't stop serving Jehovah. But keep on doing things that will help you to draw closer to him. (Phil. Also, thank God every day for giving you the strength to be faithful to him. What a wonderful way God through Christ has made him to serve him without fear, we are so grateful!

Considering EDWOYANA VALWIA .

12 Read Article 1:76-79. When Zecheriah finished, he said to his young son John: “I am going to meet him for the first time to settle his roads. What did John the Almighty do that made this conversation possible? When John grow up, he became a hardworking Evangelist. He advised the people of Judah to be compassionate, let them marry and believe in the coming of Christ. When John Ewea Esi finished, he made known to all those present that it is the one who sent John,

12. What did John the Almighty do to settle the roads of David? (Luke 1:76-79)

VIP Legislative August 2026-23

If we accept that you are happy and that you are happy with the privilege to serve him, we will continue to share the good news with others (See section 7

The Ordin of Live-Fie Services Story Story.

and he said: “See, this is the Queen of God. This is the bad part of the world out of it! Afterwards, John asked his students to follow him because he is the Christ.—John 1:29, 34-36, 40,

13 Even though John made it known that Asamoah is the one who is the Christ, there would be a lot of need for evidence against Asamoah. What is it that we are saying? The reason is that, Zechariah said the coming of Christia would be "the first time," that is, it would bring about changes in the lives of many people! This wonderful news, everyone had to hear it. But as it is, John's mother-in-law couldn't tell everyone about it. Then, we are saying, 'Besides John, you would not drink anymore and you would share this good news with people?

14 Jesus reported the good news to many people. Zechariah had announced that Christiah would " give first to those living in the spirit and the death spirit. Jesus made this argument come true. Jesus was very compassionate towards those who disrespected him and did their best. He told them about the year of his happiness. This consoled them, and it seemed like it had made you see it earlier. (Ken-Ken-h? 62:1, 2000; July 4:16-21) Ewea came out and announced the good news, stating: “The Kingdom of God is near.” However, Jesus knew there would be a need for more publishers to do this work. That is why he trained his students so that they can share this good news with themselves.—Matt. 4:16, instead of 10:7; 28.19, 20.

15 We, however, are very grateful for the privilege of helping others.

13 Zechariah said that, the Christia will be his " ahead of him. What is this saying?

14. What is the most important work that Jesus and his followers did? (Isiah 62:1, rheumatism

15 What is the purpose of the preaching work being done today more important than in the past?

24

advise them to know what they have done that can save you. As it is, the sacrifice of Jesus is the good news of God's Kingdom which we are talking today more important than any previous time. What are the benefits? The reason we are saying is that, it is very soon that there will be a “great calamity from the beginning of the world till now.” (Matt. e-21) During that time, some of the people who came to remember what we said to them, so they will listen to the good news and serve Jehovah. After that, Jesus will lead the 1444,000 in front of his main army to destroy all the people who worship against God, and save God's servants to his new world. (Matt. God; Yendi. For this reason, it is very important to share the good news with people today!—Matt. fishermen 14; Mark 1:10.

16 Zechariah's conversation at 5:68 -79 has revealed some three things that we should completely reject. That is the arrangement JE-hovah has made to save our lives, the opportunity to serve him without fear is the preaching work he has given us to do. So have you accepted the arrangement that Jehovah has made to save our lives? And that he had faith in Christ's sacrifice and joined together to Jehovah. Are you satisfied with the privilege to serve Jehovah? And that person's wife announced the year of his excitement to people to know that the day of his death is coming. tells them that God's Kingdom is about to eradicate all the enemies who calls upon all those who " love God to be with us so as to serve him with truthful and justice without fear for all the days of our life. soul—Luke 1:74, 75.

In the first album of this video, two sisters are doing door-to- door preaching. In the second picture, a brother is in his office, he has been given a receipt and a witness to a staff member. A picture against the three, a teacher at a school is explaining the evidence that there is a Creator to show her teacher and her classmates, and they are still listening.

16th century . What exactly are you determined to do? (See the picture form.)

If we look at the disappointment of section 1:68-79, . . .

What arrangement has Jehovah made to save us?

What opportunity did you get from the sacrifice of the Jesus?

What kind of work have we been given?

NDW ranked 159 in honor of the King.

ASETUA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

My Great Creator Knows I want to

StEPhANE VALOIN NANKASIA

When I was young, I didn't like going to school at all and I didn't practice at all. I used to be so nervous that I was always so quick to say no to anybody else's attention. I never imagined that I was important to God. What is this about?

I grew up in Paris in France. Most of the people there didn't believe in God, so I also didn't believe in God. If we were going to school, we were taught that the world was just what it was, it was not someone who created it. It was in my ear, so I didn't even worry about it for a long time.

My parents didn't understand why people worshipped God. They thought, if there is a god, the world wouldn't be full of ideas and ideas. And also, because of the widespread discrimination in various churches, I had the impression that it was crazy to admit that there is a God who cares about people. Even those who believe in God, I was laughing at them.

But now, I am sure there is a God, and even if I feel that there is nothing wrong with me, that's not enough for him, but he thinks about me. What made me change my mind is my life, don't let me talk about it.

When I was 19, the government ordered me to go to cedi. After I received the training, I was sent to the French Guiana in South American for a year to be there. The place where they took me was very beautiful but it was clean. I didn't know that in the future, that place I left would make me completely change my life.

When I was 20. I returned to Paris. When I came, every week, I worked from Monday till Friday. And when it was Saturday and Sunday, you meet with my friends to enjoy ourselves. We were so drunk that if you were drunk more, you would be arrested. But for the happiness that really is called happiness, I didn't have it. I'm devastated if I were happy soon. Even the life I was burning before I could see his feet. I realized that corruption, socialistism, and social media were needed.

I was an adult in Paris in France, and from my family, they didn't believe in God.

26 WASS

People were seeing customs, and people were only destroying the heart of the property surrounding us. I was devastated that all these bad things would have ended, but I couldn't have done anything about it. So I wanted to return to South American.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

I went back to a French Guinean village, where I said I had taken the blood. It seemed to me that, if I had stayed somewhere around the bush, and I had been drinking, it would make me forget the problems that were discussed in Paris, and I would be very happy. But not every king was married and I moved back to my old age. I was working on my own from Monday till Friday, so that I could enjoy Saturday and Sunday.

I was given a Bible at that very moment. I began to read it, and it seemed to me that I would get some advice from it to make my life happy. But I didn't understand what I was reading.

I had some friends who also wanted to know the meaning of the world. They had gone to settle their eggs in the forest somewhere. They named the place where they were, Korryɛ, and told me to stay with them.

Live in the forest wasn't any expensive. There were no rules in place for everyone to do their own things. We were able to sleep until the sun was out and we went down, and when the sun was just right, we were in bed. We were the only ones who planted our food, and we were singing and burning. We used to take good care of the environment, and everyone shared everything they had with each other. We only used leaves of leaves to eat and we didn't eat meat, because we didn't want to kill the animals there. We were not satisfied with the existing laws of the government. If we were looking at and some laws wouldn't help us or break up and we wouldn't work without anyone judging us.

Just like how we were together in the forest, we wanted everyone to do that. There was no one in power in our village and regardless of where a person comes from, everyone was respectful to the neighbor. But, at some point, I realized that each of us was carefree and we were in a lot of things. Then it came out with some of the hardships that many people faced in our village. If some of them would stay in our village, they would only have few days; others would take a few weeks or months. But now, I lived there for more than two years.

In the forest, I found that the land was provide with the most of the necessities. One day, I decided to count some of the plates, I just read it and I never finished, so I left.

A. There is a piece of land in our village. Our village was named Korryɛ.

B. When I was in the woods

A

B

And I asked myself, 'What is the purpose of the land for us to have so many things we need?' Looking at the land, it is like a man-made house is in good shape, waiting for someone to live in it. This made you realize that the elements in this world are not in vain. If this were so, then he had come and fixed all these things for us? I would have known that there is a God, but I didn't know anything about him.

I continue to read the Bible. But for this period, I wanted to know what God wants me to do. I began to hit him hard and I was a spirit of the Cross but I didn't even know what it meant. Also, we were playing the name Jah in the songs we sing, so I asked myself, 'What is the name of the creator's name is Yah?

TUBOHUN . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

I feel like when I started to cry, the Creator realized that I wanted to see her better. One day, a friend of mine in our village met with some of the Adase people and gave him a book. The name You Can Live Live Live Live forever in Paradise on Earth (Ibotum Attenua Asaa) was mentioned in Paradise Asaase Do. * When I began to read a book, I was shocked. You will see that our land is ours.

Samuel Adase is the one who has been arrested but now he is no longer under arrest.

you will become a permanent here in the garden and you will be able to live forever and this made me very happy. All I was looking for was that. I mean, I wanted to live in a beautiful place and live in peace with my loved ones so that no one would die. That's why the God of kindness wants us to have a future like this, I wanted to get to know him better and take him as a friend.

I realized I had to make some changes in my life, but I was going to need help. A friend of mine was studying the Bible with a pastor named Michael. So I told my friend I wanted to meet Michael.

The very day I met Michael he invited me to a meeting at Makorry, near the capital of the country. It was about 155 km or 740 km from where I was. My hair was long, and I had a stroke. I was wearing a tourist visa, and I was much younger than I was when I was. The Atar I lent did not harm the siblings, but they went to the meeting with me, they gave me food and they gave me a place to sleep. The love and kindness shown to me by the brothers made me believe that this is the truth.

In a speech delivered by a brother at that meeting, he explained the words of 1 Timothy 5:8. That text shows that every good father takes good care of his family and gives them what they need.

Fprence

FRhench Che GUIASTA

New VALDIA

I will find the truth in French Guiana, I have not been born in France, and today my wife is serving in New Zealand.

The day we got married

Am speaking to a group who hold a Chinese-speaking meeting in,"

You will know that, Jehovah is our Father, so he will continue to care for us and provide for us at all times. So I said to myself that, if I do the will of Jehovah in my life, I don't need to think about anything and worry; he will take care of me. Michael like this, all he needed was to do what he wanted from Jehovah, so he also took good care of him and made him happy. So you will know that, if I do that too, I will be looked at by you.

As I continue to study the Bible, I realized that I needed to change. So I decided to stop smoking and smoking. As soon as I finished that decision, I took every honey I had to pour it all in the fire, and I still drink it again till now that I am talking. After that, I started going to study. One day, when I was going to study, I told a brother to cut up my hair for me, and then he cut it short in the Kingdom hall.

A few weeks later, I left the group I had been with in the French Guinean village village, and moved back to France. I went to find out where the Kingdom hall is and I continued my Bible studies. I would stop drinking tea with tea, stop drinking alcohol, and don't go to a very interesting door again. Even my family members were shocked that I could change that. But they were not happy with how I told them the good news, because I was blunt. Afterwards, I realized that, if I wanted to witness to them, I should speak with them well and make them feel respect.

I was born in 1996. I accused Asamoah of helping me also become a policeman like Michael. It seemed to me that this is the best way to express my gratitude to him for what he has done for me.

My EGYA JEH Vah has become one of my sisters.

I became interested in a beautiful lady in my congregation. She was called She did her best in the ministry, and her Bible-based answers filled me with love for her. So I decided to get married, but I wanted to know if he was happy with the mission. She made you know that she likes it so much! So we got married in April 2000.

We started the pioneer service next year. Shortly thereafter, we decided to learn Chinese Mandary and send it to a group that uses that language as a lesson. That group was close to our congregation. Learning the language was very difficult for me. First, he had to learn how Chinese people thought about things. Then, I had to find ways to share the news with them so that they were interested in it. In fact, I have never noticed how the Mandi-Rin language is singed well. But I did what I could. As we happily joined our Chinese counterparts in the preaching work, we never forget. We were greatly blessed by Jehovah, and the training he gave through them will help us in the future serve him.

HHow much is it that you don't know about it?

Sometimes things are going wrong for me as soon as I want. I used to feel that my efforts to serve Jehovah are not in vain with my siblings. So if I were to give a speech, it would be.

UK August 2026 29

As we speak, we are doing the district work in New Zealand.

I spent a lot of time preparing. After all this, I will finish the discussion, I was devastated. Because I had a feeling that just as I expected him to go, that's not how he got up. (Psalm. 7:16) I had to understand that my Father, Jehovah, loved me, and never expected me to be just. But if I do all I can to serve her, she is happy.

In Paris, I was replaced by a regional manager to serve the various drinks. I had a feeling that I had no experience in working on that project. But you will know that some of the jobs we do that we don't feel we can't, he can help us with his sacred spirit so that it can become too much.

I had another problem. Since childhood, I have been afflicted by a disease called hyperideria, and it has made me very sensitive to the power supply. If I were to talk to her at the meeting and I was just a little offended, the matter was completely settled. But when I ask for help from God to reach my heart, it helps to reduce the force of the machines. I still have this disease, but if I lean on God, he’s deeply hurt my heart and it doesn’t make me a lot of fever.

In 2011, Jehovah made a request that we had pleaded for years to give it up for us. We were made to be a mission in New Choledonia; it is a small pointed island located somewhere in the southern part of the Pacific sea. It is estimated that over 160,000 kilometers (60,000 km) from Paris. And this new project that has been entrusted to us has its challenges. We had to learn some new foods to eat, such as cassava, and yams. Also, if the day when the chicken is going to smell bad or the animal is going to disappear, then the beginning of it is not possible to sleep, and it lasts for a short time and it is getting worse with our bodies. Then it was too much of the people to talk to, so we had to learn. If he asked someone's question, she wouldn't smile at you but smile at him.

As part of every other project that will be given to us, we are helped by Jehovah to be able to do it. We have served as field officers and have served for a short term at the branch. We have also attended the Kingdom Evangelizer School, and today we are doing the district work. We realized that it was with divine guidance that we were able to carry out all the tasks that were placed in our hands. God has made me realize that, if we have a lot of money, it doesn't mean that he can't be with us in his service. So take this medicine seriously and I plead with her to help me do whatever I need to do. It is, and today and today if I stand in front of a crowd, I can be very angry. But because of this, I can encourage the people we visited and I also give them any instructions I need to hear for them.

All the challenges we faced in life, my wife, She is very patient with me. The work we are doing, he is interested in it, and he is always ready to share people's evidence. There is a very hot climate here and the district work we are doing is also causing problems, but it doesn't talk about it.

During my first regional meeting, I realized that our Great God, God, always cares for his servants. That's why I spent the first time in my life and was greatly blessed. I have made it known that, I should respect the leadership of his organization and the leadership of the government, and I am following the rules. Also, I have to be brave. I had to joke with my friends who don't use the Bible to associate with me, so that I can live by his word of the Bible. I have also had a lot of friends, and he has given me a good wife. I am anticipating that in the future there will be a lot of good things for us and that we will live forever.— Mark 10:29, 30

30

Did you know?

In the olden days, were proverbs performed in the mouths of the community?

The cities were not just places to visit the town. They were also busy with other things on the street each day, so there was no time to waste. The Bible tells us more than 50 times about cities and shows us the various activities that were taking place there.

People gathered at the gate of the town. The English word for the city is not only meaning of the gates closeing the gates of the town. He can also decide where to close the gate of the city where people can play cards. Even in some self-defensed areas, when they were in the city, they had a larger area where people could easily meet.—neh. 8:1

Traders were engaged in business at the localities level. Some of the towns that were in the city, it is likely the items that were sold there were named on it. Some of them are the king of the town and the king of the warriors.—zeph. 1:10; John 5:22.

People were advertising in the streets of the town, and some also went there to cater for other things. Abraham and Boase both went through legal procedures with others in the presence of the leaders of the community. (Gen. br10 -15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, also known as Now, when travelers travelled and got to a town where they were not given a place to settle, they were lying outside, and somewhere to lie near the gate. (Ackee. 19.15-21) More people were at the gate to solve some of the problems that had happened.—2 Sam. nti24, 25th.

judges were presided over by the local leaders. If they were to present a case before them, they were in front of all those present so that everyone would hear the witnesses' mouths and know how to answer the case. (Dout. :18-20) Because the case was presided over in public, it made the judges treat everyone well and they put the case where it is supposed to be put.

There was a very busy city because people were always around.

When the judges are done to address a case, there were some leaders who were in charge of making the decision of the judges as soon as possible. (Dout. 2.2) The judges who were at the gate expected to treat the people well and encourage the citizens to live well.—Den. 1618-20; Joseph Soviet:7, 11-17.

The men who faithfully worshipped him, they used to go to the cities to encourage the people of Israel to trust in him. Because people were always together at the gate of the town, traders and others were there to provide information. 1 King. bob10; Jer. 1719, consider, for example, the presence of the chief of the palace and the King of the town, Joshua, and he told all the people that what Yeho-vah said would happen to the people of Ahab's house. 2 Ahee. King Asamoah also gathered his counsellors at the gate of the town, and encouraged them to rely on Jehovah.—2 Tim. 326-30.

The Bible says that " (Proverbs. 1:20, in ancient Israel, there was a community of faithful men who advised people in theities, and there was also a case of justice. Today, the Bible is full of wisdom and the wisdom of God's people in the world as well as his servants in all over the world are helping people to study the Bible so that they can acquire this wisdom.

UK August 2026 14

JEHO VA leaves the JEH VALD

August 2026 to Volta. 144, No. 8 F.E.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

What we are going to learn October 5

The lessons we are going to learn from October 12-30 to 8 May, for them to be celebrated!

What we are going to learn October 19-25 14 'I plead with You with love."

What we are going to learn October 26, November 1, 20 for the "Operation

ASETUA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Did you know? On the 13th of ancient times, were the proverbs performed in the western parts of the town?

The Bible’s theme is to write a book about God’s Kingdom.

There is a Tree that gets up early.

The Almond or white peanut trees are among the trees described in the Bible as about 30 types of trees. When it rains in the winter, the trees that have fallen down, include the almond tree. It is not until the end of January this tree had already fallen down. It can be very beautiful red or white. In the English language, the name of this tree translates it "Water'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' But can this tree know anything about the Creator?

In view of the words at Jeremiah 7:25, Jehovah made it clear to himself that every day he asked for his condolences with his people. The British, who came on March 15, . . Go and warn people about the consequences of the act of constipation. . . . As soon as his dream comes true, Joseph would not be happy and his eyes would become clear until his dream came true.—Jer. 1:11, 12

The Bible sometimes refers to elderly people with white hair and long hair as compared to the white eye of the whites and the whites. (Psalm. 12:5) Also, because the flowers are very beautiful, it would be like the taste of the leaves on the branches of the original trees on the roofs of the house, which were made to look like the leaves of the green trees.—Ex. rite17-20

We are not going to sell this book. We use it for Bible education worldwide. People are willing to contribute towards helping. If you want to contribute this, please visit Donate. .org.

All the Bibles in this book are from the Holy Scriptures—The New World Translation, the Holy Scriptures and the Bible, instead of a other translation.

The Watcher (IS SS0043-1087) August 2026 is released by the Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Ghana, House No. J348-1, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. Watch Watch 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tree Society of Pensylvania.

Go to jw.org or check this symbol.

JW.org ?

w26.08-FA