AUGUST 2026

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

ADESUATIONS: OCTOBER 5–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

DWOM 55 Do Not Be afraid Of Them!

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

Don't let Satan mislead you that you can't trust the Lord and Jesus Christ.

2

Fight Satan's Swindle—Strengthen Trusted in Jehovah and Jesus

“Don’t stop the Devil, and he will run away from you.” —YAK. 4:7.

THE only way to worship God is through the influence of the influence of the influence of the influence of the influence of the influence of the influence of the influence of the influence of the influence of the influence of the influence of the influence on the world. But Satan knows that if we continue to stick to him, he will never defeat us. He has thus refused to submit to us for us to quit serving him. One way he does so is by trying to convince us that he is not about Jesus and his Son. 11:14; Yak. 1:6.

2 To win a war, soldiers must have faith in their bodyguards, and obey their instructions. If they don't have faith in one another, try to do what they want. That, too, could cost them their lives. We, too, are likeliers. But we are fighting with the “ghost of evil spirit.” (Year. 6:12) Satan the World knows that if our faith in God and Jesus Christ is to go away, we may no longer trust them, and we will reject their instructions. He thus does his best to make the faith in them weak. In the olden days, Satan tried to weaken some's faith in God and Jesus. He is doing the same today. In this article, we will learn how to do that. Next, we will see how we can prevent ourselves from being caught unawares by the enemy. The next lesson is going to be a good lesson.

1. How can we abandon the worship of God?

2. Why is it necessary for us to continue to have faith in both Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

two others who are about to let us down serve God. *

SATAthan COURTSHIP IN THE ADOPTION OF THE LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING OF THE LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING

3 Asamoah and Eve were soon hit by a snake, Satan decided to drive them away from God. He persuaded Eve to believe that her story did not apply to him who created her. “ Is it true that God has said that you should not plant any tree in this garden?” (Gen. 3:1-5) Satan made Eve feel that, she was dating her husband with a lot of good things. Unfortunately, Eve and Adam both went after the enemy Satan. Everything they owned was given to them by the Lord, but they betrayed him.—Gen. 3:6.

4 Since Adam and Eve's time, Satan has continued to lie about God. For example, Satan tempted Job's friends' hypocrisy to tell lies about God. As a result, Job felt that his heart was not in love with God, and that he was not satisfied with all his hard work. (Hiob 22:1-3) It was the Devil that if he let Job suffer he would give up his worship of Jehovah. Though he was very pleased with Job, he kept on walking through his life, never to distance himself from his friend, Jehovah.—Hiob 27,1, 5.

* Although, all the problems we face are not caused by Satan. But the “spirit of the world” that pushes people against the ministers of God is behind him. So whether we are facing a challenges or not, whether for religious reasons people hate us or not, we can say that we are against Satan.—1 Cor. 2:12; 1 Yoh. 5:19.

3. How did Satan monitor Eve's belief in God?

4. What kind of lie did Satan want Job to believe?

5 When Jesus came to earth, Satan made it plain that he would not allow people to follow him. One way he did it was by giving false witness to religious leaders and others who hated Jesus. After that, he was made to die as a criminal. —Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mar. 14:55, 56; Yow. 8:41-45.

6 After the death of Jesus, Jesus was sent by Satan to the followers of Jesus. First, the devil did not want people to believe that Jesus had risen from the dead. So Satan pushed people around saying that it was Jesus' disciples that they would steal his body. (Mat. 18:11-15) After that, Satan caused enemies to be so hostile towards the members of the flock that they became afraid. All Satan's purpose was to get the flock to know that the work Jesus gave them was too difficult, so they could not.—So. 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3;

7 Although some of the early Christians used terror to stop saying the good news, most of them did not come, and continued to preach the gospel. The disciples became aware that the whole hate was under attack by Satan and his evil spirit. (Attention. 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) How about today? What tactics does Satan want to defeat us and stop us from serving God?

COURTSHIP IN DATATO THE LIVING AREA OF LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING OF LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING LIVING

8 Today, one of the main ways in which Satan misleads people is through the fact that he will cover up the fact

5. How did Satan attempt to prevent people from following Jesus? (Mateo 11:19)

6-7. How did Satan target Jesus' disciples?

8. What does Satan falsely say about Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST 2026

3

Satan's world has given us a lot of worthless things to develop in order to think that it is worthless to live up to God's laws.

(See paragraph 11)

about Jehovah and Jesus. The devil is “the father of lies.” He lies about Jehovah and Jesus through false hoaxes. (John. 8:44) As an example, Satan has blinded people's minds, so they don't see the difference between Jehovah and Jesus. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some of the Christian priests teach that the Father is the same as the Son. Because of this, people have taken the Father aside and worship him. Both Jehovah and Jesus are not satisfied with such a worship. (Mat. 4:10; Yow. 4:23) Those with such teachings having shown their heads, it may be difficult to assess the truth with them for them to accept it, and not even to oppose the work of the field.

9 If we want to be friends with someone, the first thing we usually do is ask his name. We want people to make friends with him, but Satan doesn't want his name to be known and make friends with him. Therefore, Satan has long been trying to break God's name off. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) The name of God, which the Bible says is a challenge, has led to the removal of many Bible translations. (Mmeb. 18:10) One lie that the Devil says is that God is behind the suffering that people are seeing in the world.

9. How is Satan giving people a chance to know God? (Jeremia 23:26, 27)

4 OWN-ABAN

As a result, it has become difficult for many people to get closer to God and to take hold of him. (Yak. 4:8) Also modern servants of the Lord, Satan wanted to destroy their faith.

10 When it comes to a temptation or a problem, Satan wants us to think that we are not concerned about ourselves. Satan tempts us to continue to suffer and be angry with him. (Mmeb. 19:3) If one is angry with God, one might say: 'If I am not concerned with God, then what advantage do I have to live up to his laws or principles?' If we have this idea, then we are about to fall into Satan's trap.

11 Satan tempts us through social media to think that if we follow God's laws, they help us. When people go to social media, some of the things they say are that the Bible has passed away, and we should not allow anyone else to tell us what we should do. The truth is, “the one who controls the world” has made it extremely difficult for people to distinguish right from wrong.—John. 14:30; Yes. 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1, 2.

12 Listening to such a lie can lead to a breakdown in our relationship with Yaweh. A sister we will call Shannon explains: “Soon before I realized that what I was learning at school, and those I was with, it gradually got worse. I then began to feel more in mind about what had happened to her. At some point, I was growing up on social media, so with the things that happened there, I also wanted to do it. It eats like that, and when I got serious, I was trying to distance myself from Jehovah, from my relatives and from my siblings and from my siblings.” Fortunately, Shannon recovered from Satan's trap and returned to her Father. What helped him?

13 Shannon realized that she needed to get well and remain attached to Jehovah and Jesus. She says: “I asked him to help me find good friends, and I did research in the church literature. Video named Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends? It really helped me a lot. *The sister covered by the video was the same problem I was facing. What he did that helped him was to humble himself and seek the help of his parents. My parents, elder ones, and mature sisters, who were with me in the company, helped me. So I began to have good friends. I realized that being honest is not just about learning and doing things that will please my parents. Instead, I need to stick to his relationship with him and live by what I'm learning.”

Have confidence in the love of Jehovah and Jesus

14 To remain close to God, we need to make good friends. (Yak. 4:4) Then

10. What could cause a Christian to lose his or her trust in God?

11. How is it that Satan tempts us into thinking that God’s laws protect us? (See also picture.)

12. Why shouldn't we believe the rumor that Satan says?

* For further information to help young people, visit jw.org, and see the listed section, You and God's Friendship. It's with Young People. Also on the JW Library® app, see the section titled the Content Continuum. Then, see “Young People Ask,” and see the tagline “You’re God’s Friend.

13. What did you learn from Shannon's story?

14. How can we prevent our faith from being finished? (See also picture.)

AUGUST 2026 5

CURSO BÍBLICO GRATUITO

In order to remain attached to God, we can fight off the lies that Satan says such things (see verse 14)

It’s also not about learning anything or reading anything that we need to believe. For example, we may at times hear or read anecdotes a story. Sometimes a little fact may have come to mind. If we are not careful about such things, it could lead us to believe that. But if we take the time to learn from the Bible and the philanthropist books, and we find friends with mature sisters, such lies can be difficult to fool us. If we know what the Bible teaches, it is difficult for us to be misled or built up our faith. 13:20; deaf. 17:11.

15 If we take the time to study the Bible, it will help us to know how much we love and how much we have faith in God and Jesus. (Mmeb. 22:19) Bible accounts that reveal how the mind of the Lord and Jesus are concerned about people will help us to know that the Lord and Jesus will never fail us. The words in the Bible that show how much he loves us and Jesus. For example, he says that the love he has for his people is more intense than the love a mother has for her child. (Yes. 49:15) Also, anyone who doesn't have his name has a play-

15. How can we be certain that neither Jesus nor Jesus will fail us?

6 OWN-ABAN

Love him, regard him as 'his heart'. (Mal. 3:16, 17 below) Jesus, too, is made known in the Bible that he loved us so much that he gave his life for us.—John. 15:12, 13.

16 What Jehovah and Jesus have done for us will make us very confident that they love us. Maybe you have a big problem. If you remember how impressed you were, then you will be very confident that he will never turn his back on you. Besides, we can ask our siblings for advice on how much we have helped them. (Mmeb. 22:17) If we do so, it will help us to remember that, even if it happens that way, we will never be separated by God and Jesus.—Reading Section 118:5, 6.

17 We want each one of us to stay close to the God and Jesus Christ

16. How does thinking about what God has done for us, or listening to what he has done for others, help us? (Song 118:5, 6)

17. If we continue to associate with Jesus, what assurance does Jesus give us at John 10:29?

hard. However, until he eliminates the evil spirit of Satan and his followers, we must continue to fight them. because if your opponent is tired, you should not rest. (Revenge. 20:1-3, 10) If we can fight the Devil and his equipment fire us, we must get married to him and strengthen our relationship with God. Aside from that, we need to pay close attention to the heart of our Lord and his Son Jesus Christ. If this happens, we will know that Jesus said without help that 'no one can fool us from the Father.' '—Read at 10:29; Yak. 4:7.

There are two other ways that Satan can keep us from serving God. First, he wants a breakdown between us and our brothers. He also encourages others to look out for us and to hold us tightly. In the next article, we will consider some of the ways to defeat these two defeats of the enemy.

18. What will we consider in the next lesson?

How Would You Answer?

What lie is Satan telling about Jesus and Jesus?

What lie is Satan telling about Jehovah and Jesus today?

Why are you so sure that you are in the heart of Jehovah and Jesus?

DOM 150 Find God and Survive

OCTOBER 12-18, 2026

DWOM 129 We'll Stand In Venture

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

We should always remember that the evil spirit is the one that has to fight them, not our Christian brothers. Also, if people opposed us, we should not give up on ourselves and stop doing the work.

You Can Win!

“It is not that we are eating with blood and body, but with . 2. 2. top-level evil forces.”—EFE. 6:12.

As ministers of the Lord, we must not fight or engage in war. (Yes. 2:4; Yow. 18:36) But the Bible informs us that if there is a war, that is what we don't get rid of, that's the evil spirit we need to fight with. (Reading Ephesians 6:11, 12.) But these enemies are stronger than us. How, then, can we overcome them? The best thing is to trust in God. After all, the misleading ways in which Satan and his evil spirit want to destroy our faith should be seen.

2 In the first lesson, we found out what the Devil is trying to destroy our faith in God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will consider his two ways. First, the peace and unity we have with our fellow Christians is what he wants to destroy. Also, he pushed people against us in order to keep our thoughts away from the good news or to cause us to leave the work in fear.

Satan wants to separate us from our brothers.

3 Satan wants to separate us from our Christian siblings. His aim is to cause us to slip away and take our stand. How does he do it? People in the world want us to mimic their behavior. For, many people in this world are cruel,

1. Who are we to each fight against? (Efficians 6:11, 12)

2. What will we consider in this article?

3. How does Satan want to keep us apart?

8

Jonathan was unlike his father, Saul, who did not trust him God, and he was jealous of David. Asamoah chases David after him.

(See sections 4, 6)

They were in love. They also don't trust each other. Satan is kind to us like that; he wants us to oppose our brothers and sisters and the flock of Jehovah and to hate ourselves. 16:17.

4 Let's Look At An example. King Saul was originally a very good-looking man for David, as he was a very brave man of war. (1 Samuel. 18:5) But at some point, he was ignored by Saul. How did it happen? When Saul realized that the crowd was attacking David, he was only joking. As a result, he put David in a loincloth and just tried to remove it. (1 Samuel. 18:9-11) If Saul had the murder of David, Satan would have been pleased. Why are we saying that? Asamoah had already caused the prophet Samuel to visit David as the next king of Israel. (1 Samuel. 16:13) So if David could not become king, it would be Satan's. Asamoah is anxious to kill David. You must look Satanic.

5 Satan knows that because of unity between us, he is helping us and bless us. (Dw. 133:1) Satan wants to destroy us, so he wants jealousy to consume us, and we are jealous of our brothers as Saul was when David. Satan knows that if we love our siblings, we will never fall in love them. (Mar. 12:30, 31) If we do so, do you believe that we will please God? Such jealousy was strongly condemned by the disciple James.— Read James 3:14-16.

6 If we love ourselves so much, it will not make us lazy and serious

4. Why did King Saul ignore David? (See also picture.)

5. Why does the devil want to eat us, and we love our siblings? (Yakubo 3:14-16)

6. What did you learn from Jonathan's example? (See also picture.)

AUGUST 2026 9

in our heart. For instance, let's look at a nice looking look at what Saul's son Jonathan did. Asamoah wasn't like his father, Saul, who was jealous of David. Jonathan was convinced that whatever the Lord said about David would come true, so he said to David and kindly, "you will be king over Israel." Jonathan was humble, so he admitted that it was Jehovah who had appointed David to be the next king of Israel, so he chased after him.—1 Samuel. 23:16, 17.

7 Our brothers and sisters in the society, according to their nature, family, and how they were trained, wanted by Satan to destroy the unity that exists among us. How can we keep the one who plans to do it in vain? Every issue that comes up with our siblings should be handled quickly. (Read Efe-users 4:25-27.) Try to improve the love you have for your siblings, and have a good mutual view of them. It is true that each one of us has a different character, but we all need to remember that, everyone is different. (1 Cor. 12:12) We and all our brothers are standing against the enemy of Satan and the evil spirit.—1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 If your brother or sister says something or does something to make you feel bad, say that you are also bad about yourself. Since we go out in the field with our sibling, and work with them for other purposes, it is not easy to resist the urge to share with one another. (Section. 7:20) If that happens, we have to apply the biblical advice to continue to be patient with our siblings. Also, if someone has something to do with you, do not worry about it; do not be quick to forgive. (Coll. 3:12-14) What Jehovah-was with Jesus wanted us to love our brothers and to live with them and to be beautiful together.—John. 17:20, 21.

The SYMPTOMS ARE paperbacked By Other SYMPTOMS

9 Another way Satan can discourage us is by letting people down. The apostle Paul said all true Christians would be hated. (2 Tim. 3:12) If people hate us, it hurts. In that case, we should spend less time trying to ensure our justice, or tend to get the law with the likes of it. At the end of the gospel-telling work entrusted to us by the Lord, you'll see to it that we push somewhere.—Roman. 12:19-21.

10 Let's See What Abraham Did to Isaac. Isaac became rich and the Philistines became ashamed. As a result of this, when his father-in-law, Abram-Ham's servants, the Philistines, dressed in blankets all around him. (Gen. KDE12-18) But Isaac would need water for his family and livestock. So Isaac moved from place to place to place. At that place too, the Fi-Listi people said the law was theirs. They didn't mistreat him at all, so he could've been discouraged. But Isaac refused to allow his guards and the Philistines to rush onto the well. Instead, he did what was right. He relocated, and he was blessed there. (Gen. KDE19-25) If people did not treat us properly, we can emulate Isaac and show patience, and be patient.

7. How can we prevent the destruction of our environment from being destroyed by Satan? (Effes 4:25-27)

8. What should we do if our brother or sister makes a mistake?

9. What else does Satan use to discourage us?

10. What did the Philistines do when Isaac was in a bad mood?

10 OWN-ABAN

#WE WANT CHrange

STOP

CHANO

SERVE THE PEOP

Try to resist any government, and always support the Kingdom of God

(See section 13)

11 When Jesus, the promised Messiah, came to earth, he was also not treated well with people. For example, some family members of Jesus said he was mean. (Mar. 3:21) Every day the religious leaders strove with him to have the right to teach, even arguing that his powers of service were derived from evil spirits. (Luca 11:15, 16) He was also betrayed by one of His apostles. (Mat. Provision14-16) The chief priests, along with the authorities, reported Jesus' death. (Mar. 15:1, 13-15) None of these made Jesus sleep in the temple of Jehovah. He also did nothing but complain to his enemies. When Jesus was about to be arrested, the angel Peter worked to cut him off. Peter cut the high priest's ear off. But Jesus was not satisfied with what Peter did, and he kept the servant's ear closed and gave it back to him. (Luca 22:50, 51) After all this trouble that Jesus faced, he never lost sight of the work that Jehovah had entrusted to him. Nor did he intend to be some of his enemies.

12 Today, we too are facing problems that can discourage us. Satan wants us to quit doing the work. Our relatives who do not belong to the community, or others who may even oppose us or hate us. But Jesus said to us that even the people who hate us, should be loved. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) This means that if people hate us or oppose our work, we should not retaliate with them. Rather, we must act in accordance with Jesus' advice, and treated people well, be patient with them, and be respectful to them.—1 Cor. 13:4.

11. When people hate Jesus, what did he do?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, what should we do if people are against us or against us?

AUGUST 2026 11

If we keep love and harmony in our association with our fellow Christians, we can overcome the evil spirit forces (see verse 16)

13 Even if the government enforces a law and protects us, or makes it difficult for us to worship him as we want, we must remain respectful to them. Why is it? It's because that's what the Bible says we're not. (Roman. 13:1, 2) Not every bill passed by the government that goes against us and that may be behind us by Satan. However, his intention is to challenge such a law, or to challenge and condemn the leaders of the government. People in the world, if the government enacts and doesn't want to, sit on the streets and organizes demonstrations. But as Christians, let's not do that! (Mmeb. 00:0021, 22, footnote; 8:2, 3) If we oppose the government, and do not forget the kingdom of God, then we have bought Satan's trap.—John. 15:19.

14 Some, who were once against us, are now non-serious Jehovah's Witnesses. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) Therefore, if we 'people torture us, hate us, and lie against us' let us remember that, in the future, they will be able to serve the Lord. (Mat. 5:11) Let us pray that the authorities will allow us to serve God in peace. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Also pray for your relatives, your workers, and your students who oppose you. Please help yourself and find out what you will do to help them have a good mind. Be patient as well. A woman who met her husband for several years but later became a witness of Jehovah said: “You need to be more patient, because you are very patient.”

13. Even if the government is against us, why should we remain respectful to them? (See also picture.)

14. What should be remembered if people are against God’s people?

12 ADOPTIONS-ABAN

15 If we make up our minds to deal with the downturn in the world, we would be more careful not to waste our time and energy. (Section. 1:15) With this thing Jehovah is aware of all that we are going through, and his Kingdom will soon eliminate all the problems that Satan and his supporters have gone through. (Dw. KDE18; 1 Yoh. 3:8; Reveal. 21:5) But until that time comes, we must be patient and show love to our fellow men. We need to invest our time and energy in helping as many people as possible find and befriend him.

WE can ACKNOWLEDGEE!

16 Bibles assure us that we can defeat the evil spirit forces. (Yak. 4:7; 1 Yoh. 5:4, 5) What will help us? The Bible says that, we must have faith in God and Jesus Christ. (Year. 6:16) Therefore, keep your faith strong, and it will motivate you to continue to love your siblings and to remain in union with them.

17 Satan will continue in many ways to mislead or discourage us, but we must never allow him. Asamoah and Jesus promised that if we stick to them, they will not stay away from us. We all stand in the fight against our enemy, the World. For our opponents, we must do all we can to implement Jesus's advice and work closely with them. (Luca 6:27, 28) So keep fighting against Satan, and be assured that you can defeat him and the evil spirit.

15. Why shouldn't we have the idea that we can repair the broken bridge in the world?

16. How can we defeat the demon forces? (See also picture.)

17. What should we be determined to do?

How Would You Answer?

How does Satan destroy peace and unity between us and our Christian siblings?

How does Satan discourage us from abandoning the preaching of the Kingdom?

What convinces you that you can defeat Satan and the demon?

DWOM 149

Prize Song

OCTOBER 19-25, 2026

DOM 106 Let's Make Love

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

We will learn from the apostle Paul, Filemon, and Onesimo, and will help us learn how to maintain the peace in the society.

'I am begging you with love'

“I am begging you with love rather than love.”—FILEM. 9.

THE peace among God’s servants is very precious to us. This peace allows us to know what kind of life it will be in Paradise. (Yes. `17, 18) Though this peace is granted by the Lord, it is the responsibility of each of us to ensure that nothing shall prejudice that peace. (Roman. 12:18) What should be done to promote peace in the society? What should we do to promote peace with another person or with another person? The Minister Paul made a request in the presence of Ramon; it was about Onesimo. That request will provide answers to these questions.

PAUL

2 Read Filemon 8, 9, 17. Paul sent a letter to Ramon urging him to accept his son Onesimo back. Paul said to Ramon that he knew that he loved Christ and the brothers and that he was passing on this request in his presence. You may have said this. Falmon was a brother in the cynic church; everyone knew him for his strong faith, and he loved the brothers very much. He had a slave named Onesimo who was not a Christian. Onesimo fled from Ramon to Rome, likely going to get there in the afternoon. (Filem. 18) When Onesimo was in Rome, he befriended Paul, and later became a Christian. (Coll. 4:9) But because of the Roman government's law, Onesimo had to go back to his lord Filemon, so Paul made him go back.—Film. 12, 13.

3 What was likely Paul wondering if Asamoah would return? Filemon had a right to make it.

1. What responsibility do each of us have?

2. Summarize the case of Filemon and Onesimo. (Filemon 8, 9, 17)

3. What were Paul likely thinking about Asamoah back then? (See also front image.)

14

Onesimo will go legal. Would he let the law go with him? What would the members of the asafo do? The other brothers who have slaves and servants too, and what intention will they have? Paul knew that this event could destroy the peace of the congregation. He thus wrote a letter to Tikiko and Onesimo asking them to send it to Filemon. (Year. 6:21, 22; Kol. 4:7-9) He additionally wrote one to send to the brothers in the council. In this article, the letters Paul wrote to the congregation of Ramon and Pablo, we will discuss and look at what we can learn from Paul, Onesimo and Filemon.

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN PAUL

4 What can we learn from Paul? Paul's eating with others helped to keep the peace in the community. We can, too, imitate Paul and help to maintain the peace in the society.

5 Paul considered Ramon his friend. (Filem. 17) Paul did not get the impression that any one he said should listen as if he were his slave. (2 Cor. 1:24) Paul regarded Ramon as his colleague, and recalled his relationship with them. What Paul did would have helped Ramon to figure out how to deal with his brother, Onesimus, who had become his Christian brother. We can all learn from Paul, not from older ones. If the elders respect the brothers as their friends, it brings peace to the whole association of brothers. Because they love the flock of God, they are not “compressed” with love of themselves. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) Instead, the flock of God is in their heart, so they have time for them, they pay attention to them, and if some of them need help, they don't wipe their heads off. If the elders mimic Paul, raising the feeling of friendship, it will serve as a good example for the brothers and help to maintain the peace in the society.

4-5. How do church officials contribute to peace in the society?

6 Paul advocated Filemon. (Filem. 4, 5, 7) Not everyone is important. Why is it? For one thing, many of us feel worthless. We may not like the way we look in the body. At times, we find it difficult to know whether people favor us or not. Or it may be that we have an opportunity to let go of our heart. It's not as strange as it looks. But it can really make us reflect, or something that is completely unacceptable and angry. Again, it can make us difficult, or compete with others. All these are things that can destroy the peace between us and others. Our frequent praise will bring happiness to others. (Mmeb. 12:25) This will show that, we love and serve them. Do you want to make others feel that way? Today's your chance, give genuine praise to others. Not only do we have to praise someone, but we also need to praise him when we see him attempting to do something. In short, tell your brother what is good about yours.

7 Paul said good news about Onesimo. (Read Filemon 10-12.) The good news Paul said about Onesimo was likely to improve the appearance of Ramon and Onesimo. We, too, can what we are saying about our fellow Christians can mean how others will respect them, or how they will treat them. Good communication about our siblings helps others to treat others better. If we do not share the good news with others, we also deserve to belittle them. But if we can tell our siblings

6. Why is praise necessary?

7. In other words, why should we watch the other person’s comments? (Filemon 10-12)

AUGUST 2026 15

Be positive and positive about your siblings as Paul did (see verse 8).

The good news is that we have a good idea of each other. What will help us do that? Let’s take a look at something Paul used to do.

8 The virtues of Ramon were typical of Paul thanking Jehovah for them. (Filem. 4, 5) He did it for many others too. (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Philip. 1:3-5; Kol. 1:3, (4) 1 Tes. 1:2, 3) Paul knew that his brothers were wrong, but that was not what he was looking for. Their good character was rather focused on him, and he always thanked him for making such friends. If you find it difficult to share the good news with others, do the following: Be willing to share your feelings with others. Then, pray to them with your heart that he will bless them. Doing so will make it easier for you to share good news with them.

9 What Paul was going through was painful, but his words to Ramon were encouraging. We don’t ask, have you ever been attacked or humiliated by hyenas? When we are suffering, it is easier to let our anger rest in others. So let's take a look at what Paul was going through when he sent a letter to Ramon. A few years before, he was attacked and killed by a Jewish man, and he was arrested without investigation by a military officer. He was imprisoned in Jerusalem and later sent to Caesar. After that, he was sent to Rome, but at the time of his journey, the ship he lived in took a shower. Even when Paul was throwing a letter to the Filemon, he was lying “in prison,” because the Roman government had already spoken to Paul in his own home in Rome. (Filem. 1) What caused Paul to file a border complaint with Filemon? No. Paul's letter to Ramon was encouraging, and it was not cold. What do we learn from that? If we are tired, stressed, or even taking a hard time, and do all we can to deal with others, it helps the peace of the community. And if there is peace between us, it will help us to face the challenges we are facing.

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN DAGBON

10 sometimes, we all do something or we say something to bother others. If something happens like that, what Onesimo did can help us.

8. What can help us to reach out and communicate better with our siblings? (See also picture.)

9. What was the compelling news Paul sent to Filemon, that was surprising?

10. What did Onesimo do to repair her relationship with Ramon?

16 OWN-ABAN

Make room between us and others. What he did, look at it, say simple, foot-on-sand is often sexual. He admitted his guilt, and he did his part to repair his relationship with Ramon. Onesimo knew very well that in Roman law, he had to go back to his boss. So he crossed more than 1,400 km (900 miles) of road back to Ramon; its fatigue and cost are not small. He was to be prepared to return to becoming a slave again, at least to have a sentence for what he did. It could be difficult for him to decide to move back. What if he had the idea that the flight was worth it? Even if he had such an attitude, he did not allow him to go back to his boss. Once on, he did all he could to reconcile with Ramon, as now, Onesimo has also become a Christian.

11 If you have something to do for someone, take action and stay away from him. (Mat. 5:23-25) Although, such steps may be difficult to take, if you do so, you will see them as very beneficial. First, sincerely apologize to the other person. Then listen carefully, and let him know that you understand the pain he is about to suffer. Accept your mistake. Again, don’t raise your self-esteem or make the mistake one after the other. To be forgiving or to be willing to blame could mean that you are not willing to share your blame. Besides, it may not make the situation worse or it may worsen. It takes humility and the ability to apologize, and often, it fosters peace quickly.—Roman. 14:19.

HOW WEARING THE FILEMON

12 When someone wrongs us, the filmon's behavior helps us to see how we will hide and hide from each other. Did you see that Ramon pardoned Onesi-mo, repulsing her? The Bible doesn't say. But Paul was confident that Ramon would do it. (Filem. 17, 21" Paul knew that Ramon had qualities that would make it easier for him to forgive Onesimo. What are the characteristics?

13 Ramon loved his siblings. (Filem. 5) The Filemon name suits him, because his name is

11. What can we do to resolve a conflict with someone? (See also picture.)

12. Why was Paul confident that Ramon would forgive Onesimo?

13. Why is love an important character? (Colose 3:14)

Learn Apology Onesimo; do not hesitate to humble yourself and resolve your differences with your offended brother (see paragraph 11)

Learn Filemon; show compassion and help to maintain peace and harmony in the society (see verse 15)

mean "love". The members of the congregation knew that, among other things, Ramon's love was perfect; such love would also help him to forgive Onesimo. In fact, Paul's letter to the congregation of Filemon, he said love is "a perfect bond of union." (Read 3:14.) This means that, the most important form of peace and harmony is love. If we love others so much, it will be easier for us to forgive them and treat them well. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Then, let’s see what made it easy for Filemon to fall in love with others.

14 Ramon wanted hospitality, so he could easily fall in love with others. He donated his house as a meeting for the church. (Filem. 2) Paul also lets us know that Falmon wanted hospitality, because he asked her to fix the place where she would live. (Filem. 22) Apparently, the Philmonian hospitality made others happy and content.—Flam. 7.

15 If we imitate the Philmonian hospitality, how can we deepen the love we have for others? When we show compassion to our siblings, we can see them clearly. Even those we do not wish for their father and other people, for our part, to make it clear to them that they have a good character. This ensures that the seating of the house of the LORD is pleasant. Knowing the background of the family, what was passed before they came to the truth, the test they had faced and how they had coped with it, enhances the love and respect we have for them. It informs us why he has drawn them to his people. (John. 6:44) Thus, when we show our commitment to our siblings, we come to love them and have a favorable view of them. It also helps to forgive others when we are wronged.

16 As we speak, is it harder for you to forgive? Even if we love our siblings, it is not easy to forgive them. What can help us? Let’s take a look at Paul’s words to the church of miners, which also had a Filemon. The case has 3:13 plaintiffs. (Read.) When that letter was read to the congregation at Filemon's home and heard it, how did you feel? Who's likely to be in mind? Maybe

14. Why can we say that philanthropist?

15. When we show compassion to others, how does it enhance the love we have for them? (See also picture.)

16. How did Ramon likely use Paul's advice at 3:13 p.m.?

18 OWN-ABAN

Onesimo's anger is still burning inside her. If so, then he will know what he is supposed to do: He was supposed to continue to be patient with Onesimo and forgive him his sins completely. If we find it difficult to forgive others, how can Paul’s advice help us?

17 When Paul said 'continuate patience' with others, what did he mean? He was encouraging us that even if our siblings bullied us or bullied us, we would not be prejudiced against them. In the same text, Paul emphasized that the love that God loves us, and he forgave us for what we have done. Asamoah understands us, so he doesn't ask us to do something we can't. He knows that we are wrong, but he does not care about that, but takes care of our good behaviour. (Dw. 103:13,14; 130:3) Therefore, he continues to show his love and sympathy to us. (Creating. 3:22, 23 As Jehovah sees our brother-in-laws, if we also find them, it will be easy for us to be patient with them, because we, too, find fault and others find ourselves happy. For example, if we had a plant and we knew it would blow some very nice flowers, it would prompt us to fall and fall in love with water. Our brothers, if we remember they have the right character, will motivate us and even if they have the wrongs we have, we forgive them, and we have treated them well.

18 Everything you do to promote peace in the society is appreciated by God. So always look for an opportunity to do that. Keep in good conversation with others, and share good news with them. It's an apology. If you're wrong about someone you're trying and don't reconcile with. Also, your love for your siblings can grow firm. If you were wrong, it would be easier for you to forgive them. Doing these things will help the peace of the society. Besides, 'the meek ones who will be owned by the earth', you will be with them, and 'you will be happy in many peace-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe. KDE11.

18. What are you determined to do?

17. What does the Bible mean when it states that 'we should always have patience'?

ROMPTOMS LOTS: Filemon re-reads the letter Paul sent to him in the presence of Onesimo and Tikiko and others.

WHAT WEARING FII . 2. 2.

Has Paul been sent?

Is that Onesimo?

Filemon?

DWOM 154 True Love

OCTOBER 26–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

'The Right to Service to Jehovah' Let It Service You

The 62nd DWOM

He has left us close to life, so that we may have the opportunity to serve him without fear. '—LUKA 1:69, 74.

WHAT WEARING THE WEARING OF THE HEADGEAR

It will help us to recognize that the salvation that God will give us, should we accept it, and recognize that it is an opportunity, but responsibility is attached.

SAKarianA had grown old, and his wife, Elizabeth, was also pregnant, but had no son. Jehovah made machines so that they could give birth, and his name was John. When the community and its family heard it, they asked: “What will this little child do?” (Luka 1:57-66) Yaweh answered that question through Sakaria. Sakaria explained that the long-awaited Messiah would soon come. As a result, John would help people change their minds, and if the Messiah comes, they will follow him. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But it was not limited to what John would say about Sakaria. * This study will show that what Sakaria said is prophetic, and that we, who are today, are also concerned about ourselves. His words will help us to identify three areas in which to be appreciated. First, the salvation that God will give us. Second, the privilege we have gained to serve God, and third, the obligation to preach the good news.

CLEANLINESS OF THE LIVING AREA

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God had promised his people that he would save them. but who is it?

* See about the prophecy of Sakaria in the video titled “His Name De John”. It is in the Gospel—What Happened in the first episode of the life video of Jesus. The specific section covering the prophecy is Luke 1:67.

1. What was Zechariah's coverage about? 2. (a) As made known at Luke 1:67-73, what gift did the Lord make to his people? (b) What is the “ authoritative Receiver” described by Luke 1:69?

20

Will that rescue be brought to an end? Sakaria said: "[Yewa has praised Yaw] a powerful culturist in . 2. 2. David is from us.” (Luca 1:69, footnote) The Messiah was to be the " authoritative Receiver". The Jews of the time of Sakaria were expecting the promised Messiah. It was also known that he would become the descendant of Abraham from King David's family. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Mat. 22:42) Then, why did God give back to Sakaria about his coming 'influential receiver'? For the Messiah has come soon. It was six months to a girl whose name was Mary who came to be the Messiah Jesus. He was the one who told the angel Gabriel that he would be called the son of God,” and that he would sit on the throne of his father, David. (Luca 1:30-35) At the age of 30 Jesus, Jesus was appointed by holy spirit as the promised Messiah. At the time, she was praised as a powerful midwife. (Mat. 3:16, 17) How interesting!

3 Why did the Jews need redemption? Sakaria stated that 'they were to be saved from both their enemies and their followers.' (Luca 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus would save the Jews from the Roman invasion? No. Instead, the Jews needed to be saved from Satan. For the oppression they were facing, he was the source of his magic. (Heb. 2:14, 15) This same Satan is the reason why the Jews and all humans have been slaves to sin and death. Besides, because the Jews couldn't perfectly obey the Law of Moses, they had no curse on them, so they needed a receipt. (Roman. 3:20; Gal. 3:10,13

3. Why did the Jews need redemption?

Therefore, through Zachariah, Jesus promised, “I will forgive them their sin and save their lives. ”—Luka 1:77.

4 Why do we need a ransom? For we, too, are made alive like the Jews, through sin and death. (Roman. 5:12) Also, the oppression we are facing has been brought about by Satan and the evil spirit. They want us to be misled into breaking God's law, and we stay away from him. They don’t want it; they force the “backwards” to oppose our religion. Due to all these, we also need redemption.

5 Let’s first look at how Jesus saved us from sin. While on earth, Jesus showed his followers the way to serve him. He gave his life as a ransom so that 'no one who believes him will perish, but will everlasting life.' (John. 3:16; Mat. 20:28) The way Jesus instructed his disciples to serve the Lord, the same way we also try to serve him. But we still have sin, so if we forgive him, we beg him not to forgive us. Because of the reception, our sins are forgiven and we are acceptable to God. (1 Yoh. 2:1, 2) This way Jesus saved us from evil, and gives us hope to live forever.

6 The sin and death that have made us slaves, the Lord and his evil spirit, and the “enemies who follow us”, Jesus will make us completely free from them. How will he do it? Since 1914, Jesus is acting as

4. Why do we need a ransom?

5. How does Jesus save us from evil?

6. What will King Jesus soon do for us? (See also picture.)

AUGUST 2026 21

Salvation by means of Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

King of God's Kingdom, sitting on his "father David's throne". (Luka 1:32, 33) Soon, he and the 1444,000 co-operates with him, and the top group of angels will wipe out all the people opposed to God-God from earth at Armagedon. Then, during the millennial rule, Jesus will resurrect the dead, and he and the 144,000 will slowly help people return to equality. (John. 5:28; Reveal. 22:1, 2) Not until the end of the millennium, we were completely freed from sin and death. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) After that, the Satan, his evil spirit, and any people who go after Satan in the final trial, the Jesus and the 144 thousand will destroy them. (Revenge. 20:7-10) Finally, people who are faithful to God can serve him without sin and death, and no one will be against them. One of the 'lack of gifts' given to us by God is the recognition of Christ by which we are welcome. This gift is precious to us, so we will thank him forever.—2 Cor. 9:15.

HOW WEARING HATS BEGAN IN DAGBON

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. The recognition given to us by God guarantees us a unique opportunity. Sakaria said it offers 'no fear of God.' What are some of the ways in which we are serving God? For example, we would talk about the good news, pray, study the Bible, and attend classes, district and district meetings. There are other ways we can serve our God. For example, we would be busy at Bethel, or we would help with the construction of the Kingdom Hall and Convention hall.

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what privilege did the Lord give to his people?

22 OWN-ABAN

8 What does the Bible mean if we worship “in fear" of God? First, we should not fear death. With the hope that we can live forever, we do not care for the interests of the world. Instead, the most important thing is to please God. Even if those who hate us experience death, we are not afraid. We continue to trust in God, knowing that even if we die, Jesus will bring us back to life. (John. 6:39, 40) Second, we must not be afraid of being bad, so Jesus will reject us. We know that he loves and acknowledges us, and we are also assured that because of Jesus' sacrifice, he will forgive us our sins.—1 Yuh. 4:9, 10.

9 If there are some brothers, it is difficult for them to believe that Jehovah is pleased with their service. They may feel that because of some experience or hardship, they find it impossible to love them. On the other hand, some past sins - the day that they have asked for forgiveness from God, and the elders have also helped them, still feel that they have not been forgiven by God. If so, what can you do?

10 Let's Look At An analogy. If a person breaks his or her leg and the doctor tells them some things he or she needs to do to stay healthy, and he/she can walk back and forth. But what should be done if the one with a broken leg is scared of walking back and forth? She needs to trust the doctor, and he proceeds to do what the doctor tells her. His legs can slowly continue, and he can walk back or even fly.

11 So, too, if you have a sin that you have committed to commit commit a grave offence, trust in God. Remember that you are loved so much. That is why he made his son die for you, and because of his kindness and sympathy, he will forgive you your sins. (John. 1:16,; Rome. 3:23, 24; 1 Yoh. 3:19,) Jehovah has told you what you must do to get back-and-re foot again. This is to pray, study, and study. (Dw. 1:2; 1 Tes. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) If a person breaks a leg, he or she is not to blame; it will take time. Similarly, if you feel that a wrong has happened to you and you feel that he doesn’t love you, it’ll take time to prove that he loves you. But you need to have faith in yourself that you can stand on your feet again. So do not hesitate to do what you are doing that will draw you closer to God. (Fi-lip. 3:16) Also, as you are forced by God to worship him day after day, there is a day after day. We can all thank Christ, and thank him so much for giving us the opportunity to worship him without fear!

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. Sakaria, still speaking to her son-in-law, told him: “They will go ahead of [God] to hide his ways.” How did John Suboni come to the conclusion? As she grew up, she used her skill to spread the good news. He urged the Jews to change, baptism, and believe in the coming of the Messiah. The Time

8. What should we not be afraid of?

9. What are some of the brothers who have a hard time believing?

10-11. What can we do if we feel that we have committed a crime that we have committed so deeply? Define an analogy.

12. What did John Suboni do to correct the ways of the Lord? (Luka 1:76-79)

AUGUST 2026 23

The life that comes to us and the opportunity that we have to serve him will make us feel better (see verse 16)

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

After Jesus was baptized, John said to everyone that he was being a representative of Jesus. “ Look, this is the Queen of God, the one who removes the wicked from the evil world,” he said. After that, John urged his disciples to follow Jesus the Messiah.—John. 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John made it clear that Jesus was the Messiah, but there was a need for many more to say something about it. Why is it? Sakaria explained that the Messiah would be "a light of the day." This means that, the coming of Jesus would change people's lives and give them hope of salvation. This good news had to be shared among everyone, so it could not be said to John alone. Then, who else would spread this good news?

14 Jesus' wife was preaching the good news. He was speaking of himself as having “the light of those living in darkness and of those who live in the shadow of death". People who had nothing to do with them, and Jesus was very kind to them. He told them of the “ grace of the Lord year,” which brings comfort and hope. (Reading 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) He declared: "The Kingdom of Heaven is near." But he knew that the good news would also have to be shared by more people. So he trained his disciples so that they too would continue to preach the gospel.—Mat. 4:16,;" 10:7; 15:19, 20.

15 We, too, are very glad we have had the opportunity to share some of the good news. The truth is that, Jesus has accepted sacrifice, and the kingdom of God, at this very moment we have to get married to each other. Why is it? You're the one we've been looking at. In the near future, “the greatest tribulation since the beginning of the world.”

13. How did the Messiah come to make “a light of the day" for God's people?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is it so important to preach the good news today?

24 OWN-ABAN

So far, there has never been a “unprecedented” date. (Mat. 00:0021) At that time, many people may pay attention to the good news and will serve Jehovah because they may be said to have said the good news to them. After that, Jesus and the 144 thousand, together with the army of heaven, will fight against all those who oppose God, and will save those who serve God in the new world. (Mat. 15:34; Display. 16:16:19) Therefore it is very important to preach the gospel!—Mat. 15:14; Mar. 13:10.

16 Sakaria's words at Luke 1:68-79 reminds us of these three precious things. First, the salvation that God will give us. Second, the privilege we have gained to serve God. The third is the obligation to preach. Do you believe in Christ's ransom sacrifice, and dedicate yourself to God?

16. What are you determined to do? (See also picture.)

Is the privilege you have been given to serve God precious one to you? If so, share your knowledge of the “ grace of the Lord” with all “The day for our God’s sake,” he added, “that is, the day when the kingdom of God will destroy all our enemies and transform our land into a paradise. All who love God, then, invite him and join us to “be faithful and fair to him all our life without fear. '—Luka 1:74, 75.

PARTY LOTS Page 17: The first photo is being used by two sisters in the house-to-home broadcasting process. The second picture is being used by a brother to witness to a colleague during a break. The third picture is being played in school by a sister, and according to order in nature, she presents evidence of identity. His teacher is paying close attention to his classmates.

HOW WEARING OF LukA 1:68-79 FOR THE HUMILITY, 2. 2.

What precious thing does God give us?

As a result of Jesus' reception, what opportunity do we have?

what responsibility do we have?

DOM 159 Lets Praise Them of Jehovah

ASETENAM

I was brought to mind by the Creator's Creature

STÉPHANE LANDEROIN

I am proud of the school, and I am not used to it. What I wanted was to put myself in a place where no one would agree with me. I never for a moment imagined that my idea would go wrong. Why am I crying?

I grew up in Paris in France. There, many people don't believe in God, so I don't believe in God either. But what I believed was that the world and everything had happened by chance. I learned this at school, and just as many believed, I also believed it to be true. I was rational, so I didn't take any studies.

My parents were not religious. They believed that suffering and injustice would not have been done without God in the world. I, too, realized that hypocrisy is religious, and I realized that it was stupid of me to believe in the existence of God. Even those who believed in God were the ones I was proud of.

But now I am convinced that there is a God, and he thinks about me despite the fact that sometimes I don’t care about me anymore. What changed my mind, and what helped me to change my life, let me kiss you.

At the age of 19, I was forced to give up training by the government. After that, I was sent there to French Guiana in South America to work for a year. It was nice but not very close to my hometown. I didn't know that would make my life at the last minute.

When I was 20, I returned to Paris. When I come, I get up every week and work from Monday through Friday; when Monday and Sunday, too, eating dinner, handshake. I didn't have a good time, however, because whatever joy I got, it won't last long. I would say that my life was a mess. I saw corruption and corruption, apart from people, and poverty in the world. It wasn't a nightmare.

I grew up in Paris in France. From my family, we did not believe in God.

26 ADOPTIONS-ABAN

robbers are destroying the property of the criminal. So I decided to return to South America.

I looked forward to a better life that will make me happier in the future.

I returned to French Guiana, where I passed on to a village. I used to think that if I were living in such a rural area and drinking marijuana, I would be happier in life. But I didn't stop and I returned to my old life. So I worked from Monday to Friday; and on Saturday, too, I ate a slice of t.z.

That was the only time someone gave me a Bible. I began reading it; I felt that it would be a good idea to help me live a good life. But I didn't understand what I was reading.

I had some friends who also wanted to know what we came up with. They had gone to their village in the forest area to name the Coalition. So they asked me to stay with them.

In the forest, life was not so short; we could do whatever we wanted because there was no law against us. We sleep until the sun rises before we get up, and we also go to bed when the sun rises. We used to grow our crops, sing and drink marijuana. We closely administered the man-made property around us; everything that everyone had, and he gave it to one another. We didn't eat meat because we didn't want to kill the animals that were there. We didn't break the federal law; we didn't get the law, we didn't get it, we didn't get it, we didn't get it, we didn't get it.

Just as we lived together in the forest, we wanted the world to be perfect. No one was to blame in our village, and no one was to blame regardless of background. I realized, however, that none of us were selfish and made a mistake. So the trouble that people were facing in the world was that some of them had let their heads off in our company. Some of them are eaten for a few days in the village, others for a few weeks or months. As for me, I was two years old.

When I was in the forest, I realized that the earth gave us all that we needed. One day, I tried to count the results in a bucket. I quit a long time ago. I asked myself, ‘Why is the earth so small?’ Looking at the land, it looks like a house

A. A fish that we created in our village, is called the Coalition of the village

B. When I was living in the forest

A

B

a person who intentionally corrects everything correctly is waiting for a stranger. This made me realize that the results didn’t come at all; not everyone played by anything. But I didn't know anything about who the fighting was.

I kept reading the Bible. But at this point, I wanted to know what God wanted me to do. I began to pray, and I did not know what the sign of the cross meant. Also, I wanted to know if the name of the creator was Yah, because, as a result of the music that our team sang, that name appears in some.

I times see my father and mother as good-looking.

When I look back, when I began to pray, I felt that my God knew I wanted to see him. A friend of mine who is part of our group in the village met with Jehovah's Witnesses and accepted some of the books You Can Live forever in Paradise on Earth. As I began reading, what I could see was really strange to me. I found out that the earth would be a paradise and that I could live forever. What I just wanted was to live in a nice place and to live in peace with my loved ones without death. He has supported-

* Published by Jehovah's Witnesses but now ceased publishing.

what he is kind enough to have is this good for the future, and I want to be his friend.

I realized that I needed to make some change in my life, but I needed help. So I told a friend of mine who was with us that, I wanted to see Michel. Michel was a missionary and studying with that friend.

The very day I met Michel, he invited me to a meeting at Matoury; near the country capital, Cayenne. From where we were going to Cayenne is about 240 km or 155 miles. My hair was long, and I had a terrible cold. I filled a trolley with colors and a jacket that was higher than I was. But the siblings didn't take care of my hygiene, they helped me to attend the meeting, they fed me, and they made me fall asleep. The love and generosity of the Witnesses convinced me that I had discovered the truth.

At that meeting, one brother explained 1 Timothy 5:8 in his speech. That kind of joke makes us realize that every good father will give him whatever he needs. I found out that, this principleworkes, so he will ensure that his family receives what they need. So I told myself that if

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NOW CALEDONIA

I came to know the truth in French Guiana, I baptized in France, and I am now serving in New Caledonia with my wife.

We're having a wedding.

Am giving a speech to a Chinese language group, in 2006

If I give in to his will in my life, I shouldn't worry because he'll take care of me. As I looked at Michel's life, I found out that this was really the case. What he really wanted was to do the will of God, but he was not in need, and he was happy.

As I continued studying the Bible, I realized that I needed to make some changes. I decided to stop smoking and drinking marijuana. After I took that decision, I burnt all the tobacco and marijuana that were still around me, and I never had any more. I began to study. One day when I was studying, I asked a brother to cut my hair and cut it short in the kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, I left the group in French Guiana and returned to France. I saw a Kingdom Hall and went there, and I had someone sit with me to continue my Bible study. My life had changed, but as I had changed, it was strange to my family. I would stop smoking and drinking marijuana, stop drinking alcohol, and avoid going to party again. But as I did testify to them, they were not satisfied with what I said. I later realized that, to bear witness to them, I needed to be discreet and to speak respectfully to them.

I cried in 1996. I prayed to God that I would like to become a missionary like Michel. I found out that it was the best way to express my gratitude for what he had done for me.

ACKNOWLEDGEE PII FII

There was a pretty sister named Claire in my class. I realized that he was good at the field and that he was good at studying, and his answers give me determination to know that he loved me so much. I decided to get married to her, but I wanted to see if she was interested in the mission. She was very happy, so we got married in April 2000.

The following year, we both started the pioneering work. We later planned to learn Mandarin to help a group near our church which was based in Chinese. I found the language difficult. First, I had to try to think of Chinese. Also, I had to find a way to express my dissatisfaction with Chinese people. The truth is, I have never been able to speak the Mandarin language fluent. I did what I could. We will never forget the good news about our Chinese-speaking brothers. Jehovah has blessed us very much. Our training was also a disaster for us in the future.

SYMPTOMS

Things don't always go the way I want them. For example, I wish I could do anything for my sister and I could not please her. So when I was going to a lecture, I spent a lot of time preparing.

AUGUST 2026 29

Currently we are carrying out the circuit work in New Caledonia

But often I end up saying that I’m discouraged, because I don’t think it’s going to happen. (Section. 7:16) I had to understand that Jehovah is a loving Father and that he does not seek equality from us. Instead, he is grateful when we do all we can.

In Paris, I was elected as a district commissioner. I felt like learning, and I didn't have the experience to help me with this project. But I realized that what seems to be impossible is the holy spirit, or spirit, that can help us to do more.

Another of my problems is that, from childhood, I have had a lot of problems with my teeth. My hands are covered with sweat. If I had to give a speech at a district or district meeting and I was a little bit nervous, I would be completely worn out. But praying to God for peace keeps it small. The problem is not going out, but relying on God makes my speech bad and I don't hear many words from his.

In 2011, something we had prayed so long ago was remembered by God. We went on a mission to New Caledonia. It is a number of islands that have united in the Southwest Pacific. Traver from Paris is very short; it is over 16,000 km or 10,000 miles. This new episode was also the cause of his anxiety. We had to learn new foods; some of them beans, bread and yam. Also, if you sleep there and chickens are barking, or dogs are barking, it's a waste of our sleep. It took some time to get along with us. Also, how people communicate with you is very different; if you ask someone, if they open their mouth to your answer, it sometimes follow that person's eyes and give you a reply.

Every time we get a new assignment, we'll be able to do it. We have served as missionaries and for a few years also work at Bethel. We have attended a number of Kingdom Evangelical Schools, and we are now in the process of doing a circuit job. Every assignment given to us saw that we were helped by God's holy spirit. He has made it known that, unless we have a weakness, we will not think that it is impossible for him to work with us. So it is rare for me to ask him from my heart to ask for his help so that I can do all I can. Even though I stand in front of a crowd in my might, Jehovah helps me with the encouragement and guidance we need to visit.

All the changes in our lives have gone back to my back. He is very patient with me. He is very happy with the work we are doing, and he is ready to give people testimonies if any opportunity opened up. Here in the summer, and the problems we encounter in the districts, he has not complained about them.

When I first met him at a regional meeting, I found out that the God of Pumpuni was always caring for his servants. When I put his ministry first in my life, he has given me a lot of blessing. Jehovah has made it known that I must respect government officials and obey them. Also, I need to humble myself. Among the victims of the theft, I entered into a relationship with them so that I could live up to the law of God. Asamoah's best friends he's given me, more than I've lost. He is very kind to my wife and I am hoping we will live forever, and he will give us many good things to live forever. 10:29, 30.

30 OWN-ABAN

Did you know?

In the olden days, what was going on in the gate?

In those days, town gates were not just a place for people to pass through a town. It was such a busy place that many people were always walking around. Town gates appear in the Bible many times, describing the things that used to happen there.

People gathered at the gate. The Hebrew word for “door” does not just mean a table in the mouth of a town. It also features section of the town gate where people could play reconciliation. In some areas, when you enter the city's gate, there was an open space for people to meet.—Neh. 8:1.

People used to sell things at the gate. The doors in Jerusalem were named after an old man's name; it was called the Cat's Gate and the Sheep's Gate. The products that people sold there were likely to be the cause of that comparison.—Sef. 1:10; Yow. 5:2.

People traded at the gate, and some went there to cater for certain things. Abraham and Boaz both took legal action with others in front of witnesses at the gate. (Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Rut 4:1, 10) Also, when passengers were travelling they were stranded, and entered a town where no one had given them a place to sleep, they were able to sleep the city's street close to the gate. (Atem. 19:15-21) Besides that, people used to go to the gate to listen to events.—2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

Judges were sitting at the gate. For a case to take place, it was presided over in the presence of all the people present, so that everyone could hear the oral story of the witnesses and the ruling of the case. (Deut. 21:18-20) Due to the prosecution in public, it caused justice for the judiciary. Once the judges had acted on a case, they had officers responsible for the judicial process. (Deut. 15:2) The magistrates who were trial at the gate of the city, and

The gate to the city was relatively empty.

everyone is expected to ensure that justice comes into play. They also expected better treatment with everyone, and encourage the community to do the same.—Deut. 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

Men who were faithful to God were going to the gate to encourage the Israelites who were there to rely on him. Because of the frequent gathering at the gate, the people used to go there to post messages. (1 Ache. 22:10; Yer. 스19, 20 As an example, We stood at the gate of town and told all the people that, indeed, Jehovah has caused the issue against the people of Ahab. (2 Ache. 10:8-10) Looking at King Hezekiah, he gathered his commanders at the gate of town, urging them to rely on Jehovah.—2 Be. KDE6-8.

The Bible states that, “insults" are quick to let his voice rest “at the gate of town.” (Mmeb. 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, when you went to town gates, there were loyal men advising people, and justice was also ensured to work. Today, we will see the wisdom of Jehovah in the Bible, and his servants everywhere in the world are helping people to search the Bible for that wisdom.

AUGUST 2026 31

CLEANLINESS OF THE NATION OF THE LIVING AREA IN August 2026 Vol. 147, No. 8 TWI

TERMS IN THE TERMS OF THE TERMS

The Study Statement to be studied October 5-11 2 Against Satan's Swindle—Strengthen trust in Jehovah and Jesus

Course Statement to Learn October 12-18 8 You Can Win!

The Study Statement We shall learn October 19-25 14 'I am begging you with love'

The Study Statement to be studied October 26–November 1 20 ‘The Right to Service to the Jehovah,’ Let It Service You

THE TERMS remind me of the 26 Creator Pumpuni

Did you know? In the early 31st century, what was going on in the gate?

THE HUMILITY OF THE BIBLE

Mutual Mutual

About 30 trees that are covered in the Bible include an aboriginal tree. It also includes tree trunks that have not been planted since time. Not only will January come to an end, but some of its beautiful red or white flowers have already removed its head. What the name of the tree literally means in Hebrew is "the raised one." Did you see any possibility that this tree could give rise to anything about the Creator?

In the morning, at 7:25, the bottom of the discussion, the statement says about Jesus, that he got up early in the morning. March 15, 2011 The Guardian-Government states: "Just as a personal tree (white sentiment tree) 'growing' quickly, so did it appear that Jehovah was 'growing early in the morning' . 2. 2. He has warned his people against what is going to happen to them. 2. 2. 2. He would not rest, and he would 'slipped' until his prophecy had come true. 1:11, 12.

Sometimes the Bible compares white white supremacist flowers to old peoples's shepherdess. (Section. 12:5) Also, the lamp that was installed in the service tent contained cups on its branches with oil. Because white cloths are beautiful, that is probably why God told Besalwa to make the glasses like white cloths. KDE17-20.

This book isn't for sale. We use it for biblical teaching work all over the world. People voluntarily donate to the project. For a refund, please visit donate.jw.org.

All the biblical text in this book comes from the Sacred Text—The New World's Translation, unless otherwise indicated.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the jw.org website in Twi, or scan this logo of your product

JW.ORG ®

w26.08-TW