October 2026

PIGERA ZOTUE call the kingdom of Jehovah

ZASE NATIONA LOTSE: DECEMB 7, 2026–JANUary 3, 2027

1926

Last year's Eve

“January 1, 1926 The Tower said, ‘Maybe God will let everyone know his name. He will take over the land of Egypt.

As early as 1926, Jehovah's son, along with the head of the church, Christa, was helping the Christians understand that, it has to do a great job. What part does the wise person have in his or her work? They designed books for mobile money. They used to study hard so as not to teach Christians how to do it. (Mt. 45) Christa helped them find the matrilineators to do the work of painting the moon.

THE HUMILITY BEGAN IN THE BEGINING LIVING AREA

In April of that year, The Golden Age magazine (Ninely Awake) was launched. A year later, they announced that they would be making a new living on that earth. Therefore, they no longer have the Stau- dies in the scripts form. They'll have access to the Dive-rance book. Because they want to publish so many books, the Bethel taught me how to publish 22 books in an eight-minute period. Baabule students used the book as their custom.

The Babule students used the book of Studies in the scripts to terl most of the years. It wasn't until the beginning of May that they had a physics program at The Watch Tower. How did they spend their summer?

One musician wrote a book about the history of Mabie Rutherford. They say, "every week, we study the history of which the group has given it to us. We gladly accept and accept your help so that you can understand these things.”

The Babule students who understood the meaning of the word helped them to understand the meaning of God's laws. Make-up, “Charter or Covenant— Which?” The paper said in a song, "It's important to have a good report, treat people as if they were coming. The most important thing is that it teaches is true Christianity. The letter further states: "The Lord bless the friends of Christmas. That's, if Kwame kids love God, they'll keep his word and he'll be happy about this.

One of the books called "Sacrifice and Ser-vice" was said to have been inspired by God, they would have been true. The book also inspired Babule's students to write songs for their grandchildren. [Issah] 43.10; mt. 14:14

The prisoner was made to face the change as the letter addressed it. A few weeks later, they released The Watch Tower on July 15, 1926. It was said that, "The top of the list is 'Cha'

2 PIMPERA ZOTUA

racter or Covenant— Which?' Its 'Sacrifice and Service' were very expensive and forced to build a new church. Now that he's been reading the watchtower then he's studying. Everybody wants an answer in class. This makes the aunts jealous.

THE BEGINNING OF THE MAMPES

By the end of May, many Babulian students had gone to London for a trip to England. In those days, people who used to publish books in Britain did not act. That's because, the brothers in Brooklyn Bethel used up a lot of books to write a book on demand from The Stan-dard for the People. The book was published almost 117,000 times for everyone who came to the meeting.

On Saturday, 29 May, the brothers started work full-time. On the following day, the meeting broke the news to the effect: "Every Babulian student here is proud of his mother-in-law, Jesus. Do as much as you can in Alexandria Palace and there's the difference between what he has to do and what he has to do there.”

They spent more than 100,000 books. The Tower of New York July 15, 1926, stated: "The morning brothers have been a great joy to all over the years. That is why they know that the word of their mouth is their word of theirs."

The next day, Babia Rutherford was lectured in the Royal Albert Hall and told what would happen to some famous people in this city. When the building was opened, almost 13,000 people filled the whole meeting place. Some of the demonstrators were piled up in the hall with lecturers from the other end of the gathering.

In his then address, Mama Rutherford explained that the government couldn't do anything better for their praise of his Majesty. Mmabila Rutherford said the League of Nations will never exist again.

They used to go to India to prepare dinner with the blacks.

When they were in London for the party, they met with an unexpected challenge from Sheffield in England. After the meeting, Mmabila Rutherford sang to Edwin that she had come to London to see him.

A. Delivery document

B. Alexandra Palace in London

D. Royal Albert Hall in London

DELEVELICE!

B

to press/squeeze; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket; to pickpocket

Who is it?

E. George Wright and Edwin Skinner are the only ones in India

Yes, George Draper

Yes

Yes

“I wish he would tell me to go to Seattle,” says Mmabila Skinner. By the same time, I was in London with the intention of moving to another country and I would accept. It really happened a year ago. Mmabila Rutherford used to ask him "Who would like to go to India?" Asamoah answered, "I don't want to go yet."

Three weeks later, in July, Edwin and George Wright also went on their way to India on their way to India. My aunt was in the class at that time. He also attended the royal office in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India, and Persia (Iran). Mabia Skinner was born in India at the age of 64, to the age of 1990.

WEARING HEADGEARING HUMILITY FOR THE HUMILITY OF THE HUMILITY

As early as 1894, the group was working with people to read the Bible. In July 1926, the team changed the number of brickworkers to work. The bread's baking in the oven was very old. As a result of the change, the brothers will now be held accountable for two days. They'll have 100 copies each month.

The paper was written by Jamie George Draper who was a prisoner of war for The Watch Tower. He was said to have taken a walk, and all the brethren need to be ready to send the message to people. Their only way to do that was through their tuition of puberty rights. Mmabila Draper died in 1938.

A meeting was held at New York City

October 14-18, June 1926 saw a major meeting in New York City. Members of the opposition agreed to voice it over the speech of the Mary-Bian Rutherford brothers and sisters on the "Earth's Greatest Conflict" in the newspaper. During the meeting, most of the candidates were absent from the meeting.

The boys were sophomores that everyone was aware of what had happened. RJ Martin was born on October 15 at the same time. The little book was written by the journalist who used to do something horrible to solve the problem. "We started to put on the Tome magazine. The brothers in Bethel will try to hold out this small book and extend it to one thousand and fifty-six. Try to have the boys sit in this meeting with you and compare the books with people." After the meeting, the brothers wrote letters to each other. By the time evening, the aunt had reached 300,000 books.

On Saturday and Sunday, the circulation of the book had reached one thousand yen! By the time the brothers were born, the circulation had reached 3.78 and 3540 books.

4 PIGRA ZONTUA

Judge Rutherford's Lecture Earth's Greatest Conflict Near New Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 3 o'clock SETS FREE NO CELLECTION

National Bible Students Association

to pick up and pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, to pick up, or to pick up, or to pick up, or to pick up, or to pick up, or to pick up.

G

F.S. newspaper educated them about their history. The statement, "Earth's Greatest Conflict Near"

A monument was erected in Madison Square Garden in New York, October 1926.

On Sunday, 17 October, at 3:00 p.m., there were almost 12,000 people who listened to the address of the brother of Madia. After the language was created, some people who were in the second century wanted to know more about it. That's, they've contributed more than eight thousand books. By then, most books had not been folded at that time.

They sing at the same time as the President of the United Kingdom at 117 ADAMS Street.

Because of the book's popular name, the brothers who were looking at the office in Brooklyn at that time noticed that, they had to find someone who was good enough to type the book. They were in the same room that they used to live on 18 Concord Street and used to kill. This room is not too big to work. The brothers were in the same room in Adams Street where the book was being published. A monument was erected in honor of the eminent patronage project.

The 117th building on Adams Street was founded in 1927, contributing to the expansion of the bridge. By the beginning of 1927, there had been a rise in traffic accidents. The team won an award as well. Because of that, in 1931 they began calling on the name of Jehovah in Seradoma.

They were in the same room as 117 Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York.

OCTOBER 2026 5

DECEMBER 7-13, 2026

June 46

We thank you, Yaku (Yɛwa, To Mukye Ya)

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

We will learn how to be happy when people do things for us.

I've made it known that he's happy.

“As a matter of fact, you are happy”—Kole. 3:15, NWT.

The name of one prince was John when he was 95 years old, and it was important for people to pay attention to him. Every day, people watching John or what they do to him, singing to them that he is happy they did what they did for him. She used to write a book named after him. At the end of the day, John felt how much he loved her and helped her ask him to love her. She was so impressed by the fact that all of her aunts had done a different job each day. Someone who was looking at him said, "I can't believe John was sophomore than he was when he was so happy and happy." John made it known that even if the behavior of a snake is hard to kill, one would be happy.

The saddest thing is that many people have not shown their excitement about what others do for them. The Bible says, in these last days, people would not know who prayed. 2 Tim. 3:1, 2 Some people almost forgot that I was going to praise you. And a lot of people think it doesn't matter what they do that means they are happy about what people do for them. They think that people need to be served. That explains how they think of themselves.

3 people of the Lord must not be considered too many people who do not know me. The worker Paul used to say: "Let's do."

Some names have been changed

1. What did John learn about this? (See picture.)

2. How many people are there today?

3. Can we talk about this happening?

6

If we are happy with what we have, that will make us happy ( look at how interesting it is.)

show that you are happy. (Wormwood) 3:15) Therefore, if people do something for us they should be appreciated. The boy has to do something to make him happy so that he can do what he wants. Let’s take these three questions: (1) Why do we have to make it clear that we are happy? (2) How can we make sure we are happy? (3) How can we make sure that we are happy?

Why should it happen that he is happy?

4 If we don't do this, we're happy we've had enough trouble getting to the wrong. Happiness can't be happy for those who aren't happy. The Bible says that "what is in the bed every day is a bad day." Mag. 15:15) At some point, the problem was hard to solve. Every now and then we can solve our problem and decide what to do with it. If you have any doubts

If the problem is all about, it will be very serious. That'll make it impossible for us to get the latest updates. That will keep us from being happy.

If we acted in a way that we would be happy then we would be happy. We'll be happy. "Sunson has a daily joke," says Magaha. A good friend made himself available because he was interested in something different in his life and he made known that he was happy about that. That's why he didn't seem to be worried. That's not how hard it is to make a teacher who is kind enough to have a smile on his or her life.

6 Read Philip 4:6, 7. If we ask him about everything he did to make us happy, it will help us not be too worried. Why can we say that? If we are happy

4. Why doesn't we make it known that we are happy? It could have been very difficult for us.

5. Why would we be happy if we showed us how to be patient?

6. If we beg Jehovah, how will he help us? (Filip 4:6, 7)

OCTOBER 2026 7

Isaiah 33.6 "He is the stability of your times"

Take a look at how happy she is every day. (See numbers 9-10)

It is better than what he has done to us. We won't be too worried about what'll happen tomorrow. No matter how hard the conscience is, it will make us less likely to look at our problems tomorrow. That will help us not to worry. (Mt. 6:25-34) Leyasa, sing to Yaweh and tell him to help us, he will say "Open the heavens." His kindness will keep us from feeling bad.

7 If we show that we are happy, we will be strong in the friendship of our Lord. Everything we have comes from Jehovah. (Read Ya-ms at 1:17.) He gave us many valuable things like one and many more books, and it is very likely to live every day. Why? It is important for us to put our trust in him and his love for us. (Arom 3:24; Ep. 2:8. If we were to be happy with all the things that Yendi did for us, it would make us love him and put a new one in his life.

7. If we had a promotion, how would we have a relationship with God? (James 1:17)

What can be done to promote happyness in life?

8 Think about things that Jehovah has ever done for you. For example, think of a trusted worker who is supposed to be a good musician. Maybe someone specializes in dying, or when someone is very close to them or when they are singing, they think about how much they dedicate to God. What was it that helped? He realized that singing made him a good musician. It was not until then that she was strong enough to make herself comfortable. (Read 2 Peter 4:7) If he takes any difficulty in discussing what God has done for you, that will make him happy. "Yes. 103:2.

Think about what he is doing now. The Bible says: "Let's read every word." (1 Tes. 5:18)Every day, try to find out what caused him to become pregnant.

8. How do we know if we have any doubts about what Yaw did for us? (2:7)

9-10. What does the Lord want for us to be happy? (See picture.)

8

PIGRA ZOTU

light. He/she can do that every morning and will help him/her have a happy day. If he does that in the evening, he'll probably get some sleep. (Yes 92:1,2. When John was talking to himself, he could write a book that made him happy. What kinds of things can I write?

First, consider what the Lord has done for you in the day. (Yes 40. He can be happy to listen to the music every time. He was relieved when she read Babule's letter to her heart. By the way, he was still happy when he read the book or something from ev.org that helped. (Yes 65:2; Mt. =45; Arom 15:4) Also think about how happy he is. He can't blame God for making the sun bright, catering for food and for the safety of loved ones. Thank you for clearing up your bedroom. Let's go. 12:25) What further decision did the Lord make to ensure that he could think about it? [Ep. 5:20

11 Think about the challenges he's faced, how he has blessed his brothers the LORD. (Yes 133:1;Mag. 18:24) Maybe a brother needs to do something for him or her to talk to him about. Mag. 12:25; 16:24) If Mama is in a bad mood, that could make him happy. Let's take a look at this novel. It was difficult for one of my aunt to pass away from her singing career. He sang: “One day, my aunt sat in a ring.

11-12. How can we make sure that we are happy with our brethren?

return to where I was crying. He hit me hard at the end of his career. That's why I'm so proud of the brethren. This made us know that if the brothers do something for us, we're very happy.

12 If we consider what he has done for us in the past, and what he has done for us now, we will be happy. How can we make sure that we are happy with our God, with our brethren who are doing things for us?

How can we make ourselves happy?

13 How can we make sure that we are happy in our relationship with God? Paul said we could do that in a matter of language or in an act. (Wormwood) 3:15, midnight Can we make it known that we are happy to go through our conversation? He also wants to introduce himself to the boys so that they will be happy. Let's see what we can do with our relationship with our father and mother. How can we make sure that we are happy with what we are doing?

14 she showed her excitement with regard to herself. If anyone is served as a witness against him or her that he is not invited to the funeral, tell him/her to greet him/her. In time, he or she may write a book about someone to thank. to pick up, to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick up; to pick.

13th. How can we demonstrate that we are happy in saying that the angels do for us?

14. In the past, can we use our language to show how happy we are and how happy we are? (See picture.)

October 2026

9

What can happen if people do what they can? How can it be that he is happy? (See also Literacy).

Have I ever read a book like this? She might write a book about him and thank him. (1 Tes. 5:12,13 At times, he might say thank you to some old people. As a result, the women gave way to their husbands' weddings.

15 The person who should give thanks to God is the one who dedicates himself to him. We can do that if we are looking for him. (Ep. 6:18) Over time, ask for his permission in any case. We can ask him for help so that we can be sound in the matter; he is certain that we can make the decision or not. It's no use trying to convince Yenwa that he's honest with her. (Yes 95:2. At some point, we had to thank the

15. In the past, can we use our time to explain to ourselves that we are happy in terms of what is happening to us?

16 taught me to be happy. For someone who does his duty, he has to do what he has to do to be happy. Jesus said that if we greet people, we are happy. Therefore, if anyone does something that is taboo to him, we will be happy. Let's go. 20.35) And it will make the aunts happy because they know that we love them. That will make her love strong.

17 How can we make sure that we are happy in our relationship with him? Do as you please. (Read Arom 12:1.) That means we can use our lives in a direction that honours God. Some of the things this has happened are, our ideas are strong. What course of action will make Yawaw happy?

16. Why is it so important to be happy about what the boys do?

17-18 How can we make sure that we are happy in our relationship with him? (Arom 12:1)

10 PIGRA ZONTUA

18th century taught us everything that the Lord did for us, so that we could be happy. Then she made him cry and kissed him on the cheek. He is happy to accept everything we have. We may devote time, energy, and energy to the best of our abilities. For example, we would read the Bible every day and then think about what we've read. We often talk to people. We go for a boxing class and smile for the answer at the right time. He always used his spare time to support the movement of Jehovah's people, both in the royals and in the royals. (Yes 1:2,3; 2 Ko. 8:4; Hebrew. 10:24, 25; 13:15) To praise Jehovah with all our heart, it shows that we are happy in everything that he does for us.—Coll. 3:23, 24.

19 Most people do not know how to thank you And we know that if anyone does something to us, we have to tell him to praise us. That will make us happier and more happy. The only thing that matters is that we can have a child talk to him. If we think about what he has done for us in the past, and what he does for us now, it will make us happy to thank him. Let's pretend that we have a tendency to talk about our future and that we are happy about our brothers. Above all, let us make known to you the wonderful things that Jehovah has done for you. No matter how hard you try, he will always find us. 106:1;He Heb. 11:6.

Figure 7 shows how happy John was when he realized what had happened. At 8:30 a.m., nothing special happened to her aunt. She was dressed all in black. Frankly speaking, she read a book about Babulela in her heart.

19. Why should I feel so happy?

Who'll compensate for it?

Why do we need to make it known that we are happy?

How can we make ourselves happy?

How can we make sure we are happy?

139th year

Think about how to use the new tunnel.

DECEMBER 14-20,

June 14

In the beginning, Pigera and Naayenɛ Nanaa are playing the bassoon.

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

This article will consider how to make our dreams come true in the next three hours.

You have an interest in politics this afternoon.

"There will be a funeral for everybody Let's go. Let's go. You should know that it's my fault. ”—YON 13:35.

Consider how happy she was when she saw him standing in the sea. The river banks saw that the river was full of water. That year the people of Egypt could not catch their swords. What a shame it was to see Jesus healed up with the paralysed! That's the little Babule talked about. Anyone who saw the lightning would agree that God had made it possible. (Mt. 15:31) And this wonderful work worked out for a long time. Do ghosts really work today? Yes! How did we know that?

The etymology of the word has a meaning that no human being can do without it. He is precious to God. In this article, we will learn three interesting things that Jehovah does in his company today. The reason why they are so wonderful is that, by means of God, it can make things work. Consider one of these principles and consider how difficult it is to 'work hard' in this world, how important it is to allow these principles to be applied.— Read 1 Paul 3:9.

To put on my hair ache is a wonderful story.

More than 2,500 years ago, young man Asamoah said that people of the Lord would make an increase in his time. (Cahiah 60:22.) How did this dictionary operate? Think about this: In the year 1914, there were about three thousand people.

1-2. (a) What are some of the different churches in Babylon? (b) What are the reasons why we have to do it? (1:9)

3. Why would you say, "Yɛmesi is going to ' becomes a town'? (Isiah 60:22) (See picture..)

12

From the age of 1914 onwards, the Japanese tend to be more aggressive (see cell phone number 3).

June 1914 At about 5,000

June 2026 To reach more than 90,000

She was only one thousand years old at the time. From the year before, "houses" Let's go. Let's go. We're not too many people, it's too much. Now, there are more than 9,000,000 worshiprs in this land. The people who say thanks to God number more than 130! He has been loved by everybody who knows him well over the years. They're also on the same board. The truth is that when we compare the number of yen with the number of others, we get married. It is true that Asamoah has spoken to Yamesi about 60:22. It appears that, "somewhere in the house Let's go. Let's go. You're a few people now ' turn into big cities'.

4 Many people are divulgated because of what happens that keeps water from them. They're not doing that. Okay doesn't do anything that will make it possible for us to see so many people in the thank you so that others who don't follow the teaching of God are there. What we really need to do is, to study and study the way Babule is able to make a difference between what Babule is showing. Most of them year down from bad to bad. (1 p.m. 6:9-11) By the turn of the year, it was clear that the king's decree made certain that people should give thanks to his name. After that, sing no songs to the Lord that, we will act our plans, no matter what happens or mistake may be. =19, 20.

The reason for this is plain is that he is the only one who can let it work. Jesus said it would be virtually impossible to be a policeman. He said: " Whoever wants to buy a mirror for me, he must sell himself as a slave to me." (Mt. 16:24) This clearly shows that the young men of Jesus must be responsible for the murder of any man or woman.

4. Why is Asamoah so angry?

5. What did Jesus say he would get to his disciples?

OCTOBER 2026 13

The people of the United Nations don't care about the people who are listening to them.

It is here that they sing songs of praise to God. Very early in the world War II, they were so enthusiastic. One of the Nazi leaders said in a song: "What they are plotting to praise and worship God, that's enough."

Let's hear what happened in the Netherlands at that time. The June 1986 issue of the magazine said: "Some people believe in the existence of God; others do not believe in angels; others do not. In spite of that, in two years, the number of years has been increasing. In 1943 the number of Seradomas in the year was 1,379 Netherlands.

A year ago, they wanted to kill the criminals. And as for Gamile, the man of the Pharisees said to them: " Leave them alone. What happens next is a person who is supposed to be an artist; it's going to happen. Even though the game was very popular, you can't stop it. You will see [that] you are doing well." Let's go. 5:33, 34, 38, 39) What Samuel said was really true. The last time they went to work with the workmen, the flower list was all hanging on them. And they won't be able to stop the work of making announcements. Many people used to listen to the news after Christmas. Let's go. 6:7 for what reason? Because of what happened, God help his people to avoid using magic. 1: no

because of the belief. For example, when Jesus was a year old, his disciples would reject him because of a political party. (Mt. 10:17, 18) Also he said that sweets will go on sleeping. (Yon 16:2) Jesus was said to be in the past, when anyone praises the Lord, his glory may rest upon him. "Mt. 10:34-36

6 As Jesus was said to have been born, more and more people were born after the last hundred years of his time. When Jesus came back from heaven, not long before the beginning of the day, the disciples of Judah had been trying to prevent his disciples from making a public declaration. The fishermen were defeated to the capital of the region of Judah. greeted the bride-price

6. Why can't those who're sleeping next year prevent the movement of Christmas?

7 this day, many people are happy to know the result of studying and studying the Lord, don't care about their spouse, their work, or others. Why did they believe their story to Jesus? (Mt. 16:24) As a result, they love the Lord and have faith that he will really care for them. Therefore, he gave them the strength “to stand firm” they could play. (2 p.m. 4:7 - Their house is as if they were half asleep as if they were half asleep. He said: "I am ashamed of my father and mother, and they will accept me." (Yes 27.10) Many people believed that Jesus's disciples did not care about any kind of criminals. This is wonderful.

8 If you could speak the word of the chief-in-law

7. How do you say goodbye to young people today? (See box next to the “People of the United Nations.” It does not matter which religion they belong.)

8. How do we help Jehovah and Jesus to read so much so that's wonderful?

14 PIGRA ZONTUA

La folks, it's revealed that we have a great deal of work to do with the Lord and Jesus. That's wonderful! They're very helpful in this project. Jesus said he "will be with [us] forever in this town." (Mt. Afterwards, when the King sent a message to the chief, the angels help him. [Lil. 14:6,

HOW WEARING HATS BEGAN IN THE BEGINING AREA

Asamoah was speaking to an old friend of mine this morning. He sang that the Lord's umbrella would have no irony. It was not until the year that Mike wrote that the whites would get married. (Read Mike 2:12.) This exercise did a lot of work among the people of Yendi this morning. it is there that they came from a place, their clans, and their clans. They seem to have been rich again. He sang: “As long as you serve my name, I will make love with you at all times.” 133:1

10 this day, it's very cold in many places. For example, there is a box all over the place, every issue that should be studied for free, and every decision should be made at least twice. Throughout the world, the Lord's Seradowa was the only one who had ever been elected. That's how it's done in the summer, it's all they do in the summer. We have a beautiful room with a team. We don't let money become things, or we can buy things that are not worth the more. Think about this. Every time we go, our aunts are ready to give a witness against our will to praise and praise our God. The fact that babies get married makes them happy so much that they think that they will get married to each other.

11 The number of impressions is very high because of the lack of clarity in this world. In all this world, people are talking about one another. Every day, before the war, people get up and go to bed, people get sleepy. The saddest thing is that, there is not a lot of gold in this world. As the Bible says otherwise, people are not "realistic." Let's go. Let's go. it is true; they give words to people, they don’t take me for granted; they are wicked, they don’t like religion; they shoot people, they shoot them and they don’t shoot them. 2 Tim. 3:2-4) “It is not necessary for a community to be in the house of a greedy person,” he added, with his glasses in the hand, to still be in the house. (1 y) 5:19; Lil. 12:9 That's really wonderful!

12 May we help to stink in the temple of the LORD. How much did she cost? It is to pay attention to education of the Lord and to act on it. Learning a secret from the Bible is helps us to be patient and patient. It is also advisable to play the oboe and do business for people. (Ep. 4:2, 31, 32) If we don't care about our brothers, we don't care about their financial issues, we don't forgive them, we are helping them with the help of God to keep the light in his company.

HOW WEARING HEADGEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN DAGBON

13 Jesus said something would make us dead

9-10. How does Mike 2:12 work today?

11. What's the real purpose of our trip?

12. How can we make sure that we are in the group?

13th. How was the first year of the Christian church to be in love with each other? (yon 13:35)

OCTOBER 2026

Jehovah's people have a genuine love for each other, and they are closer to each other. (See chart.

people know who he is; the young people are those who show affection to each other. ( count yon at 13:35.) The years before the Christians were so many things to show their love for each other. For example, they used to have their hands on those who didn't have help. Let's go. 2:44, 45) They were looking for the people they had built. Let's go. 12:5. They also used to help the orphans. (Yes 1:27) It doesn't matter to them who are poor, they always help their ancestors. (2 p.m. 8:1-4) Tertullian, a half-a-year-old educated people about the history of Christianity. He said: "Look. Let's go. Let's go. They like each other so much that they are ready to die for each other.

14 As early as the year before, the people of Yendi have a strong interest in each other. It's a must that we like slow-witted people who go by the rules of the law. We also need our equipment to support this project. No one is arbitrarily wrong with us. It is no use asking me for money. To love our brethren is the only reason why we need to help them. Instead of talking to each other, take action to ensure that you are happy and that you are able to praise him This is so amazing that the musician Paul said: "I can help those who are in fear and still those who don't have the courage to help others who are in need. You must be more polite and patient." (1 Tes. 5:14) And he lets you enjoy being with you in your company. We love each other and we have a strong love for each other.

The 15 people of the United Nations have a deep interest in what is going on in this country. The musician wrote that in the olden days people would 'no longer love their money with [it]'. they dislike God and don't show off. 2 Tim. 3:2-year-old Jesus said people would get married and this is the same. He was also said to be one of the greatest people.

* pepper, see the story on jw.org, “Disaster Relief in 2023—See Firsthand Journey’s Love.’ (In the case of "Seriousness" in 2023— 'To See Jehovah How I Like '')

14. Is there any way that God's people make a model that they like today? (See picture.)

15. Why do we love each other so much?

16 PIGRA ZOTUA

More love will cool off. (Mt. 13:10, 12) If he were to look at what is going on in this world, would he believe that this is true? It is the strength of Jehovah that lets his people have genuine love for each other. How wonderful!

16 And when we mix every love with love and respect their brethren and sisters, we realize our sympathy and our love for them. (Mr. 9:50) If we teach our children that we love violence in practice, then that will make it known that we are God's people. When we are in love, it means that he is helping his family with the help of God.

Let us make sure that's all right.

17 To love each other, have a strong desire to read and read as clearly as possible so that this bridge can be used by God in today's society. It is true that many people are sleeping and reading is difficult. Our dreams about the future of the world are true. It's in a village where people don't have relatives who like God, and people like Gaiyina. It's known to people that she is a genuine Christian. (yon 13:34) The only thing that matters to the wise person today is the Lord's sword. Ako. 3:9

There are some things that are worrying about the future of this world that are important and the number of God's people is increasing. they are also lovely and true love friends. Faithfully, I can see you today! This belief made it difficult for him to believe that whatever he says, that would come true. No, I didn't. 3:13) It is indeed a considerable opportunity for him to be in addition to the wonderful works of God these days.

16. How can we teach ourselves to love each other?

17. Why did he believe that Jehovah had made these glasses work today?

18. Looking at how he works wonderful, how does he seem to have the courage to do so?

Who'll compensate for it?

How do we contribute to the increase in the number of cases?

How does it help to remain in the club of Jehovah to be a success?

How do we love our classmates?

154 June

Love is always at hand.

December 21-27, 2026

The 13th year of the Lord's beloved word: 'My child, Be wise'

This dictionary will prove to young people that if they get to be poor, it will help them to praise Jehovah with truth.

A stranger can give thanks to his God for the truth.

“A person can fight off his own self, and then he can’t defeat them. 4:12.

Our Lord, seraphs know how to give thanks to him. It is easy, the reasons are so many people in this world who try to destroy the bridge of the Lord. That's how hard it's to get as many people as the people in this world think. The second thing we need to look at in a mirror is our friend's throat. For example, many young adults think that their dream is to have a good time with their friends even though they never have a dream. Some young adults think that they can only use their menstruation periods. Some of us just don't like friends. How did Jesus escape from the fetters?

2 Jehovah wants us to enjoy our friends who can help us to praise him for the truth. His son Jesus was born in the love of God. Just a few years after Jesus' death, he said to his disciples: "You were lying with me, but I saw every step I took." Jesus was said to be his friends. (Lunter) 22:28; June 15:15) A bad habit is common all the time even in the summer. Mag. 1:17) Doctrines 4:9-12 let us know that, they will help us to do what is right and be happy forever. (read.) Such a very good friend can help you praise him for the truth even if it is hard to do that. When he comes to give thanks to God

A lot of time has been spent with the teacher of this program. What they are talking about here is a very special situation.

1. How many people did you invite to your party?

2. (a) Who's Jesus' friends? (b) As described at 4:9-12, how can a horse support itself?

18

It will help him to do things he can't just do them. Your relationship will always be like that.

If he is a youth, how will a priest help himself to serve God with integrity? Why do people who love and love God make friends with him? Let's talk to you about Daniel. Find out what he used to do when he was a man of his age, when he was a man of his age. Try to think of Daniel as a friend of God who helped him, as if he were on his own.

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN DAGBON

4 Daniel was a man strong enough to become one of God's people. Many Israelite Jews who lived in Judah during the period did not turn up to praise of God. That was, 620 BCE. In the beginning, when God made King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon look after them. (No, I didn't). 1:2 Maybe Daniel was young. Three years later the king of Babylon was sent to Babylon to work for him. (No, I didn't). 1:3-year-old Daniel lost his status and lived with his family.

How did Daniel ever spend so much time praising God? Things don't really matter what happened to him in Babylon. The babysitter tried to sing the song “shock back in his heart” to showcase the meaning of God’s name. (No, I didn't). 1:8 Who taught Daniel about God and helped him to change his mind? It is possible that his parents helped him. She was gang-raped.

As for Daniel, "The Lord is my shepherd." Maybe Daniel thought his parents loved him. Yes 6:6, 7.

6 Daniel and I could learn a lot from Jeremiah. Why can we say that? In this article, see: Jeremiah was appointed prime minister 647 BCE by Jehovah. on the table. Asamoah has been busy since he was born. Yes 1:2) The word of God's covenant with all those who are poor and those who are poor and those who are poor and those who are important all the people of Judah. Daniel's family is also living next year. Yes 1:17, 18; No. I don't know yet whether Daniel was a friend or a friend of Jeremiah. It is true that Daniel was young and he used to read the story of Jeremiah. Even after Daniel was old, he still read the contract. Yes 5:11; 29.10; no; 9:1,2 Daniel was speaking to the elder man of the class who is apologetic to Yendi, it does not matter to people who don't recognize the meaning of the Lord's name.

7 To say to Daniel's counsellors, and to Jeremiah, the Lord's worhip defeated Daniel and helped him to praise his God. The first year of his life, they helped him to paint the fence.

In the future, parents can help their children to love and worship God. If it is a patient, ask yourself: 'and I taught my children how to do it once they have been forced to sing the national anthem? I've taught them how to make better plans.

3. What will we discuss in the next lesson?

4. What's Daniel's been worried about?

5-6 Who was it that helped Daniel to worship God?

7-powder Today, how can parents help their teenage children to believe in God?

October 2026

Did I help them believe in the existence of God?' He is helping his young children to love and worship him. How much did she cost? He always speaks to you about him and help them with their homework. You've got to fight that tendency of yours. As soon as we hear from Daniel that Jeremiah has helped us, we can help young people to praise him. That's a young man who comes to see him in front of them.

Brooms can help to keep one in good condition.

9 As long as Daniel and his older brothers went to Babylon, they were forced to do something horrible. The Babylonian peoples were trying to keep this young man from the pagan practices of Babylon, from the way they behaved. This young man was also trained to work for the king. At that time, the youth should also be educated about how to remain honest with God.

The fact is that the Babylonian Jews wanted the young man to do what seemed to be a minor problem. The king wanted Daniel and his older brothers to eat the same food. This young man is well known for his hard work, taught by Moses. (No, I didn't). 1:5,8 a.m. they might say to a girl, 'Wana is anything special. Again, it is James that we have to go through with what the King said. In other words, unless the chief does what he says, his anger can become hard or he makes it difficult for us. So, how will they do it?

11 They lived a very young life and went to Babylon four days after thebabu had told them that their song was true to the Lord. They were Daniel, Sadrak, Mesak and Abena. These four friends were helping each other with a heart-to-heart attack. They all blamed their mother for turning up the king's food. That song pleased God not to give them up. "No. 1:6-12, 17.

12 o'clock in the morning, was it really that young men were trying to do what he looked like? Daniel and his friends often helped each other. That's why they can't make a decision. He can also make friends with people who manipulate their minds so that they can trust him. That will help us to get out of this world. (1 y) 2:15-17) A fly can help a bird to fly in such a way that it can fly in such a way that it is true. That could make him happy. (Lunter) 16:10) If he is truthful in all things, it will help him to be honest in all things.

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED TOMEA

13 best friends can help each other in a very difficult situation. To tell you something

9. Why did Daniel and his older brothers need to be cared for so long in Babylon?

10. Daniel and his younger brothers need to realize how important their decisions are to Jehovah.

11. How did Daniel choose a hair drier? (See picture of this book.)

12. What will be an interest in the youth today in order to make the best of their abilities?

13th. What happened when Daniel and his friends were together?

20 PIGRA ZONTUA

Asamoah didn't know that was the only thing that King Nebuchana had ever done before. She sang to her father when he knew the sound of the dream. That's how he was known to people who care about him and all his expertise. Ne-kwabeneza told them he was taught how to identify himself and how to identify him. There is no human being to do it. (No, I didn't). 2:3, 9-11) If he were not able to explain to himself what he meant, it was awkward, they would be executed. Daniel and his friends spent a year in jail. Daniel and his three friends were estranged from the other side of the street.

When Daniel was 14 years old he told the king that he would make his dream known. After that, she returned to her friends. The young man explained that, he was told in his song that, "Seriousness [would] be shown to [God] by means of his word, by means of his word, by means of Daniel and his companions, through the eyes of the blind and through the eyes of the blind, through the eyes of the blind, through the eyes of the blind, through the eyes of the blind, through the eyes of the eyes of the blind, through the eyes of the eyes of the living, through the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the living, through the eyes of the eyes of the living, through the eyes of the eyes of the living, through the eyes of the eyes of the living, through the eyes of the eyes of the living, through the eyes of the eyes of the living, through the eyes of the eyes of the living, through the eyes of the eyes of the living, through the eyes of the eyes of the living, through the eyes of the eyes, and through the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the living, through the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the living, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the living, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the living, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the living, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes, and the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes, and the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes (No, I didn't). 2:18) When he was listening to their advice, he allowed Daniel to know the secret.

14. How did Daniel and his friends help each other? (See picture.)

It's a waste of time. Daniel used to tell the king the secret, that was, he didn't shed a tear. The king sent Daniel and his courtiers to Babylon. 2:19, 47-49.

15 To study more about this subject First, there is no need to argue as long as it's true. Never underestimate or hold a gift for others to support. First, when it gets to the point, people will say to their brethren that they are looking for the cause. (2 p.m. 1:11) Consider how the Lord will deal with people who are asking for help. The definition of elephant skin can help us with any way of speaking. (Yes 65:2; Ep. 3:20) If a friend of the opposite sex is prayed to God, they can help us with our problems. [Ca-latian 6:2.

A fly can help a creature to fly and cover a hole in a pond.

16 Jehovah is the best King who can help us in any situation, even if anyone is.

15. Can we learn something from this? (Galatian 6:2)

16. When Daniel was old, what kind of person was he?

Daniel's friends used to help him solve a problem that was very difficult for him. (See also Literacy).

God's friends never get along with them (see also literature).

There's no smoke left. By the time Daniel was 90 years old, a new teacher was able to make his way through thick and thin. At that time, the Media and Persians were looking overstated in Babylon. Daniel was also present at the party. As a result, some Jews who were believed to have been believed to have helped the King with a period of time decided to kill him. The king was enstooled forging a vase; nobody appeared to see him while he was still young. Asamoah is still looking for Jesus. That's how they give him up for a long time. At that time, he felt that he had no friend to help him in this problem. And how many times have she been alone? 6:4-16.

17 Daniel 6:19-23 shows that Daniel was not alone. (read.) When Daniel was in his bed, he was left alone by his knees. Just the morning before King Darius appeared in the cave, Daniel said to him: "I admit that he has come to his aid, to his coming and to his coming. Let's go. Let's go. He has nothing to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he has to do with what he does. (Danel 6:22) Yes-wa really was Daniel Zoson. Asamoah put his life in danger. That made him famous.

17. What helped Daniel to have a great time in his life? (Da-Niel 6:19-23)

18 It may seem that he is alone. Maybe they change jobs or they have to leave their friends behind to go for a long time somewhere else, or they just want to leave. Thank you to the Lord. These are some of the things that can make one think there is no one to help. Even if it happens that way, it is important that the fear of God should not be left to them. Whenever he lives, he will be there to be watched. (Yes 139:7-10) Keep in mind that, it is necessary for us to help.

WHO WEARS BEGAN ZOODima

19 Now it's very important to lose weight. A true friend

18. Why is it important to be a friend of Jehovah and to be a friend of his? (See picture, on the box "Seriousness to God, To God, to God, to Friendly.")

19. Why is it so important to have a friend now? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 PIGRA ZONTUA

You can help us to make the right decision. From the beginning of the day, they'll help us with one task at a time. ( count 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11) When we finish discussing the problem, Peter said to himself: "The only thing that matters to you is that you love each other. 1 p.m. 4:7,8.

Adoŋo is a volunteer from the United Nations. They're very important to us. Asamoah missed a friend of his brothers. They could see some friends who appeared to be inspired by Jermiah. They'll be able to help me with my gardening. An immense monument was erected in honor of the eminent God. In case of emergency, tell their brethren to help out when there is a problem. Remember, that God is the best. He will never leave. (Heb. 13:5] If we let God be our friend, we can help one another to be truthful to him and to our brethren the love of rights will always be.

20. Who needs to make a friend or a friend to help us?

In the cover of this dictionary: Daniel and his friends helped each other to do something better and to find out the truth about God.

Jehovah is the Father, the God, the Father

If it is hard to trust him, then he is precious to God. If it is hard to please him Either way, how will he do it? Every day, try to do something that will help prepare her for the funeral. Let's take a look at this.

• Source: Ask the Jehovah for any reason he wants to know who has anything to do with it.

• Seek guidance to teach: When reading and studying the Bible, let God talk to you about it Learn more about him and learn how he does it.

• Calm down: It's been a long time since I could have used myself to be your friend As a result, she has a lot of trouble keeping up with the fact that she wants to be a friend.

If you would like to know more about it, read Questions Young People Ask—Answers That Work, Volume 2. 289-296.

A fly can help us. Let's go. Let's go.

Can we do what is right?

Is it difficult when things are hard?

Can we talk alone?

161st year of age I have patience to work

December 28, 2026–JANUary 3, 2027

162 June

I'll teach you about God's secrets.

LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

This article will help us to understand the importance of each of the books as well as the kind of books that can be used.

Take a look at the picture every day.

“They accepted the inevitable. Let's go. Let's go. Look out for a list of pages every day. 12:11

In 1905, the name of the wing of Jehovah was coined with a book containing the name of God that he could search every day. A monument was erected in Zionist Watch Tower in honor of the annual gazette. This song helped the brothers to read and write the essay on a daily basis. The circulation of this booklet until 1927 was available. After that, they used to have a paper diary. From that time onward, the brothers have had a very good time at writing, with Pigra Zotua in addition to writing a paper every day.

2 June 1986 saw the team build a new version of the visa booklet. Every day, the paper is in the same category. This book is now translated into over 300 languages. Where can I get the latest updates? If you open the JW Library® and the Watchtower Online LIBRARYTM (wol.jw.org) with the Watchtower Library, you will receive the daily edition for the cover.

Due to the poor state of view, the time for the report could be very difficult for us to find the cover. In this article, we will answer three questions. First, what does the Bible say can we borrow a glass of beer every day? Frankly speaking, why is it necessary to have a paper on a daily basis? Daddy, how could that have happened?

The Yearbook was not in the second language at the end of each month. Pigger Zonguta used to have a diary with Babule writing, with Pigger Zonguta writing insignia.

1-2. (a) How does the Jehovah's organization produce a daily report? (b) Where can I get the paper all day?

3. (a) What can make it harder to write a paper every day? (b) What will we discuss in this discussion?

24

Ton learned what Beredoma did you need.

The accountant shows that the number of Jews in Persia was very high. (Ca-leaf 12:10, 11) The student wanted to learn what Paul taught them. That's why the Bible said that they used to say that they worship idols. When they took Paul with them in the handwriting, they realized that what he was teaching them was true. We used to do that when we listened to music and entertainment. We're playing the bassoon and watch the dollar. That always helps the speaker to admit that what he says is true.

Many Beredodies used to be Christians. Let's go. 12:12) It was not long before the names of some Jews in Jerusalem who used to live as Paul went to Persia to destroy Paul's name. That music drew a large crowd of people. Let's go. 12:13) And the religious leaders in the last century didn't allow the people to vote. The study of the report every year made it known that they had discovered the truth. That song helped them to face up. If we look at Baabule every day, it will make it difficult for us to play the piano.

The reason is quite simple to say

The reason for our daily research is that, we want to make it clear that we like it

4. How was Paul Paul speaking to them about work? Let's go. 12:10, 11)

5. How many times a day did the newspaper get?

6. Why is it necessary to have a paper read every day? (See box "I greet you good Friday" on Sundays.)

They celebrate it to the best of their lives.

• Moses's son-in-law indicates that, a priest should be vaccinated against God every day.] Yes 29.38-42; 30.7, 8.

• Yaweh's song said to Joshua that he was reading the book 'in the middle of the night. 1: no

• Yaweh gave a message to the people of Israel that they should write the book of God's Law and read it every day. 12:18-20

• The musician sang that if we read the God-fearing-people's car " at night," we'll be happy. 1:1-3

• Daniel looked up at three times a day.] 6:10.

• The Literacy book notes that the drummers praise the God's name " at night."—Lil. 7:15

He is precious to God. Because he is our God, it is important that all our dreams come true. He loves us and wants us to live forever. (Yon 3:16) The Bible informs us that happy people are happy when we teach them that we love her and that we love her now and then. Many brethren have discovered that when they visited the translation the next day, it would help them see the face of the face, read the Bible and think about what they read.

OCTOBER 2026

The reason for his research is that, we have a lot of time. (Readops 5:15, 16) There is nothing better than to study time to sleep. What a wonderful view!

The reason for his research is that, it help us to play on the problem. Jesus was saying that we would not talk about "the day-after-tomorrow ceremony." (Mt. 6:34) Jesus was aware that there was a problem every day. And he made us know that he knows what's wrong with us and what's wrong with us. (Mt. 6:25-32) When we look at the text, it is very helpful not to worry so much that we think about how helpful Jehovah is. (Yes 68:19; 1 Pe. 5:6, 7) Amnesty, a 19-year-old Mmabila was so sad that she never thought that she didn't help him. She sang to her God for help so she wouldn't forgive him. She was reading a diary. It was about 86 years ago that he said: " Sir, my lord, my lord, my lord is good-looking, and good-looking. He is precious to all who belong to him." The old woman says, “I am feeling happy when I am reading. That’s how glad I am. He encouraged me to read the book every day."

A Sunday's paper reminds us that when we get a problem, "give [it] a lot of money." Mag. 3:5, 6) Maybe, on the day that Rus-

7-powder Why is it necessary to have a paper on a daily basis? (Epesus 5:15, 16)

9. How much did one writer do there exist in Ukraine?

From the beginning of the Ukrainian War onwards, the circulation of the day was at 30. I'm going to say to them, "I'm going to have to rely on you both. I'm going to make it difficult for you." This article was written in the love of the brothers in Ukraine. For example, one of my brethren is called “I am convinced that God will help us.” I read the book together the last night of the day. After years of looking, singing and merry-making can take place in the context of the problem. One of my aunts is called Svitlana. "Issah 30.15 a year old is a great help to us. When the war began, I thought about the paper.

The reason for his research is that, it help us to get the facts. It takes us to have a great command of our student, our responsibility for our work. It is important that we be brave to learn about Babule before others and be honest in health. When he was no more than a leader of the IS, he told Joshua three times that he was strong enough to be a leader. Yaweh asked us to read the book every day to help him study it. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) Reading the diary every day, along with Babulla and others can help us be sure about God.

11 The reason for his research is that, it help us to see the future.

10. Why must we have a bow and a bow? (Issuua 1:6-9) (See picture.)

11. Every day if we look at the text, how does it help us to get the needed guidance?

26 PIGRA ZONTUA

Every day if we look at the text, it will help us to get the wrong job. (See chart below.)

announce the praise of our God. Paul said to Timothy that young man can see the face of danger through his speech, his manner in the wilderness, his love, his dress, his dress, his dress, his style of dress, his style of dress, his style of dress, his style of dress, his style of dress, his style of dress, his style of dress, his style of dress, his style of dress, his style of dress, and his style of dress. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) By taking a look at the text every day, it is difficult for us to think clearly how we can achieve our goals. That made him suspicious of his father-in-law and of his mother-in-law.—Arom 8:5, 6.

The reason for his research is that, it is helpful for us to have a balanced view of ourselves and the ability to do God's work. The organization that is taking the lead in the movement, seeking the assistance of the youth, has made it possible for them to start doing their work. The organization of Jehovah's people needs machines to operate a business, a business of hate speech, a factory, a factory. The team is looking for young men and women who are leaders of the Kendans, the Kendans, the kente-weavers. He is looking for brothers who have Bible principles to do with things we can trust them to stay in his company. (Three. 1:13-15) Every time we look at the text, it will help us to understand the meaning of the name of the Lord and help us to make it possible for us to do the work of the Lord.

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN DAERIA

13 How do you write the book? And when the brothers in Bethel started doing daily work, they asked each other if ever for a day's sake. If anyone says he reads the letter every day, he can ask for his help from God to find out how to read it. (Yes 1:5 Now read the Bible book about Uncle Zontua. After, ask yourself: 'I'm really glad that this book could help me. Where can I put it? How will it help me?

12. (a) What work does the organization of Jehovah require in the case of microorganisms? (b) How do you plan for this project?

13th. How do you write the book on a daily basis?

OCTOBER 2026 27

How does it help to get the paper ready so that nothing will stop it? (See also Literacy).

Who is paying attention to the voice of the Lord? How can I make a speech today? No matter how many books the author of the book is or how many times a book is written, each one can read and write the book. (Arom 1:12) Some of the biggest brothers decided to write their favorite columns on paper again so that they could think of other cards on those days.

Is it possible for me to re-examine the article? These are some of the things that can help: (1) Identify the principle of cleanliness in the eyes of the blind person (2) Read the book of Babule in the presence of me. The day after the announcement that Babule was made, he could read it all. (4)He can see the dangers of studying and studying this scripture. (5) The day after the release of the book of Pigger Zonguta, count to the extreme. If he has his phone book, he can easily find a solution to the problem of Pigra Zotua.

The Pigger's Zontua reference is to Pigger's Zontua which was last month, back in the library, and somewhere else in the library.

14-15. What can we look after tomorrow? What can help us to remember the past?

One of the 15 Mmabila's letters was coined by the name of Mac-kenzie and a 19-year-old teacher who helped her remember the day. He said, "when I look at the book, I don't get it the same way. That helped me think about the album, one of the biggest things in the world. That reminds me of what I read."

What time does a daily report need to be revised? See how much time it takes for the person to write a book that you can study every day. Warn, some of them do it early in the morning and they send their children to school. They usually put a visa on the desk and keep it on the table. At times, it may be difficult to review a book that he or she has chosen. That'll have to happen in the future.

17 it is possible to have a paper on a daily basis. He or she may never do it if it rains. One of my brothers, John and 16years, says:

16. What time does a review need to be done on a daily basis?

17-18 (a) Why is it advisable to have a paper regularly? (b) What can help us do it everyday? (See picture.)

28 PIGRA ZONTUA

“If he doesn’t check the paper every day, he can forget it.” One of my aunts, Sierra, was 25 years old when she said: "When I got up in the morning, I would have to look over the paper before I began my job." One of my brethren, Rogelio, says at the age of 21, "I often go to the phone to warn myself that I can type the text every day."

Each of the 18 days, try to find a book at a time. Don't make any excuse not to do it. One of my aunts, Isabelle, was 19 years old when she said: “I am proud to have never been writing a book. I wouldn’t do anything to look up to my phone. From the beginning of his research on the subject of cellphones, try to get the book from the author." One of my grandmother's names in Olivia was 19 years old. "The only thing that helped me was, I found the book with my friends or friends. If he has a client, or a client, that will make it easier for him/her to consult the manual on a daily basis."

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS FOR BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC BASIC

19 Parents, if you check the paper every day, it will help them to get more and more done. Maybe his kids are young and can't understand everything. and look at this example: Whenever he grows a tree and transforms it every day, it can turn into a big tree. That way, our children will spend a lot of time reading the book about God, even if they know that it takes some time in the day to look up the text.— count Philip 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said in a song: "A human being is not the same as the other person, but every word that comes from God." (Mt. 4:4. He will never want us to eat in a day. The royal decree looks like a food. Therefore, it is necessary to have a paper read every day. That sounds good for our lives.

19. Why are it so important for children to review the manual every day? Give an example. (Filip 1:9, 10)

20. Why is it necessary to study the Bible every day?

Who'll compensate for it?

Why do we have to look into the matter every day?

What is the best way to read the book every day?

How did anyone get the chance to contribute to the increase in the number of cases?

94 year

To make sure that Babule is happy

he has made it difficult for him to believe

Who taught thebabu and the others about God, then what made him admit that he really wanted God? (Ep. 4:4-6) Because of her love for each other we want to dedicate our lives to their Creator? Or do they have a message I like? Many people want to get along with the people of the LORD because they made it seem that their mother and they know that she likes them. The only real Christians who must be honest about the things that happens to people will know about them and about their love of money.—Yon 13:35; 1 p. 2:12.

How bad would it be if he did something wrong? How bad would it be if the mud broke into Paul's ear and Paul spoke to Paul about it? (1 p.m. 5:1) If it were a mistake, it would mean he was not strong enough to believe it. How can I make a decision?

HOW WEARING HEADGEAR STARTED IN DAGBON

If he were really convinced by what he learns in the Bible, that's true, that's enough for him to believe. How much did she cost? Please take a look at this.

At one time many of Jesus' disciples did not follow him. When Jesus was young they asked him to be born again so much that he could drink his blood. That's what they sing. "The teacher said." What Jesus was talking about was so bad that he didn't pay attention to it anymore.—Yon 6:56-60, 66.

After that, Jesus used to ask his workers: " Could you please not hit me on the head?" We said to Peter: "To Dana, is it really that whom will you go? He is the one who speaks with a nasal inflection. Now, to know who the Father is from God ”—Yon 6:67-69.

How was Peter and the other disciples absent from Jesus? When they were believed in the existence of God, they were more powerful than they were when they were. Peter said in a song: "You should know that the one who is the greatest among you is coming from God." The employees were aware of the problem, the reasons for the problem. They used Jesus' speech in their study of the Bible. That made it possible for Jesus to be the Messiah. That same year they became convinced that they had not left Jesus as if those girls were watching Jesus sing.

Can we learn something from this? To know what's stronger than before Why is this? The only thing that matters to Babule is that it's like a dog.

30 PIGRA ZONTUA

God's name is familiar to us; it never goes hand in hand. People have been unable to change the way the Bible shows their behavior. When that is true, the Babule people's response is greeted with cheers and cheers as they see the truth, we will never give up on the work of the people of God.

It is true that the fact that the aunts have a crush on the radio has made us happy. Even if his brother has already done something illegal, he will still have the theory he learns from witchcraft. That will help us to know that only the family of the Lord is truthful and that he is kind enough to be appreciated. If anyone does something wrong, then he cannot change his mind regarding the matter.

If we read the Bible every time we study it, the Bible will help us to believe it; to study theology. That will help us to keep in mind two areas of Jehovah's blessing. we believed it would be difficult, it doesn't matter how people do it. TV; see the box "Open in the Lord's Party."

if it should be that my behavior makes him weak, it indicates that he is not guilty.

There is power in the army of God.

Think of him as a good friend of mine. It is around here that the scenery is really happy to see it.

As far as the bus is concerned, those in the car can do anything to make themselves angry. Some people can make noise. Maybe the pilot did something wrong. That's not how bad he's been stealing his car. I have to stay in the car until the station.

Although it looks like we're in the new car. We are thankful for our contribution to the organization. Maybe he should do something romantic. Maybe a brother can do magic. It doesn't matter how people work, it's still a relatively small group in New York. If we believe that we learn such a thing in the name of the Bible is true and we take to heart the wisdom of the facts, it will help us to keep on the path of life. The belief will be firm.

OCTOBER 2026 31

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

October 2026 147, No. 11 FRAFRA

There's something about it.

1926—Younger than 2 years ago

There is a hearing on December 7-136.

I've made it known that he's happy.

There is a hearing on December 14-20 p.

Is there room for a church to work today?

There is a hearing on December 21-27 .

A stranger can give thanks to his God for the truth.”

There is a hearing on December 28–January 3–24.

Take a look at the picture every day.

He has lost faith in his 30th.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

If God will help us, then he will help us.

I'm used to staying up in a hotel for three days a week. She used to take a tie to work every day. What he used to say at the hotel? He decided to go to a meeting. He didn't agree to her sing. He complained to Emma that he'd make it on Mondays. He works for five days on weekends. If he doesn't like that, he quit the job. Emma persuaded him to quit his job and go to the meeting. I knew that he would look after her.

I applied to get a job. The only book he had when he entered the office was still active. When the boss heard about it, he told Emma that he would solve the problem and that he was still doing it. They went into Mike's office two weeks after his arrival. I met Emma at a hotel in the next year. He was angry because he saw that Mary had been murdered. He was here to help Emma return to work. I am now working for five days a week and four hours a day. She spends more time practicing now than she used to. The results were such that he was able to get the job done and the results were excellent! Yensogreribire helped Mmabila out with a smile.

This book isn't sellable. People from the ages of made up their minds to help the teaching of the Bible throughout the world. If you want to find something to help, someone visited donate.v.org.

All the Baabule editions are from the Yendi paper—the French language for the NWT, which is from the New World translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. Je48/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. CC 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to uv.org's various online business or the cash register.

J.ORG ®

w26.10-FF