SEPATE 2026

BroughtION-SESSERE OF THE CASDOS ADAFI

FORSection: ARTICLE 2DECEMAM 6, 2026

ARTICLE 2-8, 2026

ARTICLE 3 JehovahOur power, our hope; You Trust in

What we need to know can we believe that Jehovah will protect us both now and in the future.

You can get an assurance that Jehovah will protect you.

speak: She is my witness. LALA 91:9.

We are in the last days of the last days. In the near future, there will be an improvement in the world. He will put his purpose in the hearts of the nations to "give their kingdom to the wicked animal," the United Nations. * (Progression. 17:17) Then, the United Nations and all its pro-government governments shall cooperate to completely destroy all counterfeit religions. (Provincial. 17:16) This event will mean that the tragedy has started. What will happen next?

2 Governments worldwide will jointly mobilize and attack Jehovah's people. (Eze. 38:14-16) Why will they do so? It is described in the book Founding pure Worship of Jehovah Now! Satan will persuade the nations to do whatever they can to eradicate both true and pure religions. Then, the most important event will take place; the battle of Armageddon will begin. Jesus will cooperate with the 144,000 and save God's people, and destroy the wicked. This will put an end to Satan's evil world, and the new world will begin.Prop. 16:14-16; 19:1121.

* Review Questions From Readers' of November 2025 Protection.

1-2. What are some things that will happen in the near future that will completely change the world?

2

We have found that Jesus and his army will soon destroy Satan's world in the battle of Armageddon. But should we fear this fate? Not at all! Why? Because Jehovah has promised to protect us. This pledge is inscribed at the Song 91:7. There, ''People will be happy with you, and ten thousand will also be on your right hand, but on you, it will not be close to you.' Now, we are going to discuss the 91st song, and answer the following questions: How has Jehovah promised to protect us? How does he protect us today? How will he protect us in the future? But for the first time, let us consider the 91st of Music.

ARTICLE 91 COBITION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOPTION OF ADOS

The article in the 91st century shows that, Jehovah protects those who trust him. This is made clear by one and the two. (Read Song 91:1, 4) Jehovah is the Supreme Person. Therefore, we can be very confident that we will trust him, and he will protect us. (Rut 2:12; Song 17:8) The words ababahe and mort draw our attention to the ancient cities surrounded by walls. The surrounding walls protect residents of the town. Moreover, residents of nearby cities surrounded by fences can flee to these countries for refugees. The author of Song 91 used other metaphors to help us make sure that we are trapped in dangerous situations, We can be protected by God. Music 91:3-13.

5 When we read Song 91:14-16, it is very comforting. Why do we say that? In these verses, it is not the very Rock that tells us how the Lord can protect us no longer, but the very Lord who wears us, his servants, against him. (Read Song 91:14-16) He repeatedly promised in these verses that he would protect his servants because they trust him, know his name, and listen to him in prayer. We can believe in God with all our heart because we don't know. Therefore, no matter what, he will fulfill his promises!4 Mo. 23:19; Yos. 23:14.

6 This song was given by the Lord, who wrote the words of the song because he wanted us to feel safe and confident. (Rom. For this reason, we can also say to the Lord with the assurance: "You are my refuge and mine." (Article 91:2) But how has Jehovah promised to protect us?

How DO YOU DO ADOPTION TO COBI?

We were complaining in our letters that, in the 91st century, the Lord promised to protect the friendship between us and him from harm. We can be sure that, Jehovah will help us always to be able to listen to him and continue to have a close relationship with him. But this song also shows that, Jehovah has promised to protect us in other ways. In Song 91, it also promised that it would never allow the enemy of its servants to destroy them all. He further promised to calm his servants even when they were receiving it. Why do we say that?

8The reason for this is the answer

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. What do the 91st century tell us about God? (Song 91:1, 2)

56. (a) What did Jehovah pledge at the Song 91:14-16? (b) Why can we believe that he will fulfill this promise?

7. In Song 91, how has Jehovah promised to protect his servants?

8-9. In one of the remembrances of Jesus, how did Jesus respond to it? And what do you mean to us? (Colgory 4:5-7)

SEPATE 2026

3

and Jesus gave Satan time to test him and quote the words of the 91st Song. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.) In this exam, Satan asked Jesus to shoot from the building of the church to the ground, so that the angels could protect him from harm because that is what God had promised at Article 91:11, 12. Note that, when Jesus responded to it, he said: Satan, make a mistake! In this song, God has promised to protect me from harm. Instead, Jesus told him: Don't worship the Lord, Your God. What do Jesus's words mean to us?

Jesus knew that in the past, when the enemies of Jehovah's servants tried to hurt them, God gave angels a place to protect his servants. (2Category. 6:1517; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) But Jesus knows that if he is innocent he should not expect that Jehovah will protect him. Therefore, even though, when Satan quoted Song 91 to show that Jehovah would protect his people from harm, he did not make a mistake, when he told Jesus that he intentionally went out of the way he had done something unwise and he expected that Jehovah would protect him, he was wrong. * Jesus's response to Satan helps us understand the Song 91. Jehovah promised to protect his servants in any way. This means that they will protect their friendship with him. Also, it will protect their lives, causing them to become calm even when they are overwhelmed.

We trust in him with the promise of God in Article 91. Like a refuge, we are very confident that he will protect those who trust him. Therefore, it is not good.

* In the past, we said in our books, that, the Lord promised in the Song 91 that he would protect the friendship between us and him, not protect us from harm and thus the way Satan used that Song was wrong.

10. Of what are we quite sure?

We are afraid of the destruction of Satan's world. Where we fear, we will consider how Jehovah protects us now and how he will protect us in the future.

How do you feel about the danger?

Today, Jehovah protects the friendship between us and him. He knew that we are sinners and we don't make it easy to like and hate things. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) Because of this, we are taking some steps to help us listen to him and continue to make friends with him. Let us consider some of these things.

12 The Lord has given us the Bible. We have been taught the negative ways to avoid and do so in the Bible. For example, note the words of Jesus at Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.) Jesus is talking about someone who continues to take care of the girl whom she is interested in. Jesus said that if one does that, the person and the woman already commits adultery in one's heart. What do this mean to us?

13 if we continue to look at the causes of sexually transmitted diseases, we will be willing to engage in sexual behavior. When these emotions become dire, in the future when we are in a situation that can lead to moral development, it is easier for us to do so. (Yak. 1:14, 15) If we wish to get these undesirable emotions, then we should comply with Jesus' advice at once. We need to see the images that can arouse sexual orientation within us.

11. What does Jehovah do to protect the friendship between us and him?

1213. How can we avoid harmful things? (Article 5:28, 29)

4 CUU-Lon

The organization produces books and videos that help us to preserve our friendship with God (Article 15)

cancer. A biblical scholar said that, the words of Jesus at 5:29 show that, in part, we should practice suicide to banish them from our lives. (Kol. 3:5) If we follow the advice of Jesus, we will protect our friendship with God.

14 He has given us his holy spirit. Jehovah also helps us to remain faithful to him with his holy spirit. If we continue to pray and give us holy spirit, it will give us so much. (Article 11:9-13) How does the holy spirit protect us? The Angel Paul said: "Keep walking by the spirit, and you will not do the same things the flesh desires for." (Gal. 5:16) The person walking by the ghost does all he can to obey God and live by his instructions. This person is aided by the Lord and his holy spirit. His speech can lead to a positive and positive attitude towards the person. If that happens, when the person catches something bad, the holy spirit will immediately help him to move away from his or her mind. Therefore, Jehovah does not give us his spirit to prevent bad things. Instead, we wish to do what is right, have the power to do what is right, and stop away from bad things. This helps us to preserve our relationships with him.

14. How does the holy spirit protect us?

SEPATE 2026

5

15 Jehovah has given us his congregation. The organization produces books and videos that help us preserve our friendship with God. For example, because we are not perfect, we sometimes fall apart from our mistakes, feeling stressed or overly anxious. When we hear that, Satan, The one who challenges us, can make us feel like, We can no longer serve God, which will cause us to lose a lot of grief or be overly overwhelmed. (Mat. 4:3; 6:13) But Jehovah's organization has made books and videos that remind us that, Jehovah pardons, not our best, and promised to give us our needs. (Song 86:5; Matt. 10:2931; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Did you ever read a piece in a letter of the congregation about the specific problem you faced that encouraged you? This means that, the organization produces books and videos in real time to help us preserve our friendship with God.

16 The Lord will not allow the enemy of his servants to destroy all his servants. Of course, some of the servants of God have been persecuted and even killed. Sometimes, it is the Lord's power to do so to ensure that Satan is a lie. (Provincial. 2:10; 6:9) But I did not hold Satan to have that, millions of Jehovah's servants worldwide, only a few of them have been able to destroy by their enemies. Therefore, Satan was very angry, because he had all killed the enemies of Jehovah's servants. (Mat. 24:9; Episode. 12:9-12) But God shall never let it happen that way! We can believe that Jehovah will give his people a place to protect us so that we can continue to serve him and spread the good news. 1:7, 14.

17 Through the Bible, the Lord gives us advice. Listening to these recommendations helps us to protect ourselves from many harmful things. (April 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Kor. 7:1) But today, we do not expect that the Lord will protect all his servants from any harm that can harm them. Doing so would lead people to believe in the lie that God's servants worship him because he does not allow any harm to them. (Enger 1:10, 11) But if we are being helped to continue serving God, we would make it clear that Satan is a lie, and that our love for Him and the knowledge we know is the true God that we serve him. (Rom. 9:22) Shortly before, the Lord would no longer allow his servants to suffer. But until the Lord destroys all his enemies, he will help us to obey him and respect the friendship between us and him.1 Kor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

How TO THE SYSTE OF THE SYSTE CREMENT?

18 in the midst of the tragedy, Jehovah will continue to help us preserve our friendship with him. But he will protect us in another way. When the world's leaders attack Jehovah's people, it will not allow them to kill all his people. (Eze. 38:1, 2, 10-16) shall send Jesus and his officers to protect his people on earth. And that will be the battle of Armageddon. Jesus and his army will fight against all enemies of God. (Provincial. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) As Armageddon takes place, how shall Jehovah protect his people?

15. How does the organization of Jehovah help us to preserve our friendship with God? (See also photographs.)

16. What has Jehovah allowed to happen to some of his servants? And what can we believe?

17. Today, why should we not expect that, at all times, God will protect his servants from anything that can harm them?

18. How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

6 BUU-Lon

Jesus and his army will destroy all of God's enemies in the battle of Armageddon. Even one of his servants in this war will be killed by God's enemies.

19 We should not fear the time when Jesus and his army were destroying the enemies of God in the battle of Armageddon. Why? Because we trust in Jehovah what we know, he will protect us. Therefore, we can be very confident that, Jesus and his army will destroy humanity who are all enemies of God in the battle of Armageddon. (Yer. 25:33; Zak. 14:12) And we can also have absolute confidence that even one of his servants will be killed by God's enemies in this battle.I shall not speak 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

1920. Why should we not fear the timing when Jesus and his army were to destroy the enemies of God in the battle of Armageddon? (See also the photo on the cover of the cover.)

20 The time of the war on Armageddon, the words of the poet may well have come true: "People will be happy with you, and ten thousand will also be on your right hand, but you won't know you. Your eyes will simply see when you look at the punishment of the offenders. For you have said: She is my refuge, You have made the Supreme One your house. (Song 91:7-9) Once the battle of Armageddon has begun, we can expect that, the Lord will protect each one of us from any kind that can harm us. Therefore, we should not fear future events. We can be very confident that if we continue to trust in God, he will protect us.

What leads to action before the Book of God: During the Battle of Armageddon, there will be protection from God so that nothing will happen to us, and we will remain calm.

How will you become an expert in the decision?

Of what importance is the promise of protection from God in Music 91?

How does Jehovah protect us today?

How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

8 Obbah 8 OSchen

ARTICLE 915, 2026

What You Can Do to prevent you from listening to Jehovah at any time

July 36 We Protection our Sound

What will we learn to learn will help us to sincerely listen to God.

Provide your servant's listening rooms. 1 DIPI. 3:9.

Many people obey the orders and laws passed because they know that the eye is on them, or they fear that if they do not, they will be punished. Some also comply with orders and laws passed to impress people. For example, the contemporary religious leaders of Jesus said they observe the laws of God but they did indeed prosper completely. The same need is for people to be seen as the right person. (Mat. 23:5) But why do we obey God? We obey him because we know that taking advantage of what he tells us is beneficial to ourselves. (Yes. 48:17, 18) This is not the only reason we obey God. Here is another important reason to obey God.

2 We love both the Lord and our heart, and this is an important reason why we obey him. (Mat. 22:37, 38) This Love always motivates us to do what pleases him. (Rom. 6:17) For this reason, when people look at us, we look at us, people care about us, see the benefits, or see the benefits that come from it. We obey God. Because we are not perfect, sometimes we feel that doing what Jehovah tells us will be very difficult. In this study, we will discuss two issues that came out in the Bible that will help us to always obey God. First, we are going to discuss how the Israeli people reacted when they were released from Egypt. Then, we will consider what we can learn from the good example of King Zao.

1. Why do many people obey the orders and laws passed? 2. For what important reason do we obey God?

8

The people of Israel listened to the word of God, even though it may result in anger by their oppression (Article 3)

How THE ININTTION OF THE INITIONS IN THE SYSTEMENT OF THE SYSTE OF THE SYSTEMENT

3 In the middle of the night before the withdrawal of the Israeli population from Egypt, the tenth crisis was reduced by God. Because Jehovah wanted to protect the people of Israel, before causing this crisis to befall them, he told them to take a very important step. He told them to arrest and kill a sheep or goats and to close their doors with his blood. (2Me. 12:5, 7) If an angel sent by the Lord to kill the people and the leopard of animals finds a container marked with blood, he does not kill the firstborn of that house. But the Israelis may be less afraid to comply with what the Lord has told them. The issue is, the boy gives some kind of respect to the sheep. Therefore, the Israelis may have thought that when they catch up and kill these animals, they may be angry and even killed. (2Me. 8:2527) But the Israels saw the need to listen to the Lord and thus "do as commanded by God." (2Me. 12:28) They were also blessed by the Lord; he did not let the angel kill their sacrifice.

3. Why may the Israelis be less fearful of using what the Lord has told them? (Check also image.)

On that night, the youths left Egypt. Initially, they were told by Jehovah to pass the north of the Red Sea. But then he told them to do something that seemed unwise. He told them to return and put up a camp somewhere between the mountains and the Red Sea. At the time, the Pharaoh and his army were coming in the background, and the Red Sea was standing in front of them. It is possible for the Israeli people to believe that when they put up a camp in the area they are trained by God, they do not lose their lives. Nevertheless, the people of Israel were prepared to listen to what the Lord through Moses had told them. (2Me. 14:1-4) But when they found out that their enemy was approaching them, they were attension. They became angry at how they told him to come here to kill them! (2Me. 14:5-11) The Israelis felt that they should not have listened to what Jehovah told them. Let's look at why they did what they did and how Jehovah saw their actions.

5 While the people of Israel were at the borders of the Red Sea, they expressed their gratitude for the wonderful work that Jehovah had done during their time in Egypt and for the lack of transparency and affection towards them. (Read Song 106:7 and below

4. When the youths left Egypt, what did the Lord tell them to do? And why in the view of men seems unwise?

5. Why did God not approve of the actions of the Israeli people at the Red Sea? (Song 106:7 and footnote)

SEPATE 2026 9

Drafting.) For example, they saw how Jehovah protected their cattle without causing them to be executed. But they didn't see what Jehovah did to show that he loved them so much, they didn't believe that he could save them once again. Jehovah found that they did not believe in him. The Bible states that, they have become rebellious. . . in the Red Sea. Although they followed Moses through the Red Sea, they continued to disobey the Lord. Later, the Lord said that he would not let the Israel who did not obey him go to the Land of the Pledge. (Song 106:21, 24-26) What can we learn in their case?

What we are going to do directly through the ministry of health

The 6th Israel issue tells us that, we need to examine our minds and make sure we will see the exact reason why we obey the Lord and the people he has appointed to lead. For example, we can ask ourselves, 'When giving me some guidance, can I find it to be useful to use it?' It is possible for some of the youths to empty their doors with the blood so that their body cannot be shut down, not because of their desire to worship God. Also, we can ask ourselves, "Do I obey God when others do not do that? If we are angry that I am doing it? When the youths left Egypt, they were allowed to take the lead in the presence of their youths, and they brought him and their many things. (2Me. 12:36) But the later time they pursued them to kill them, the people of Israel no longer trust in the Lord. (2Me. 14:10-12) We should not behave like these Israels. Instead, we need to believe in the Lord and those he has appointed to lead his people. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) If we are given a guide, let us not understand any of the reasons for that directive, or even when we apply it, it will annoy even those who don't love the Lord, we will listen and apply it. What will help us to act like the Israels, and be able to voluntarily obey and believe in God?

We need to remember that if we love God so much, we will be able to listen to him. If the organization gives us guidance that we can't see the value of it, or we see that using it will make us tired, we may feel that it will help us. When we hear that, we should remember that, we believe in God and believe in him, and that is the main reason we obey him. (1 John. 5:3) Because we love God, we obey his words to us and acknowledge that, now, we cannot see how we can benefit from his words even in the future. Jaj. 7:8; Article 7:7.

8 Today, many of our brothers have done a great example of this. They use the instructions given to them even when at first they do not see how they will benefit. For example, when the COVID-19 pandemic infected people, the steering team issued a directive to use videoconferencing to hold our meetings. An official in Peru said: In the beginning, I thought that where we were living, going to say through videoconferencing to hold meetings is not a success. Although he did not understand the direction he was given, he was determined to heed what Jehovah was telling him and to trust him. (Septe 3:5, 6) What was the result? He said, "One thing I learned is that Listening to God blesses us. My friendship with the brothers and their faith in God increased. Here is another experience. In 2020, the organization made some changes in the congregations or groups that speak another language.

6. If we believe in the Lord, what will we do? (Art 23:4)

7. If we love God so much, what will we do?

8. How do two brothers show that they want to obey the Lord?

10 BUU-Lon

domain. A Japanese sister in a foreign-speaking group explained how she felt when the team was asked to stand up. He said: "I want to listen to the directives given by God. Therefore, I don't want to ever touch this guide. I know, this change will produce good results.

Don't get ready for riots. We need to prepare for it so that we can continue to preach when people oppose us. Today, in most of the countries we preach to them, the governments have not opposed us. Nevertheless, because the good news we preach also calls for people to know that it will soon end this bad world, we have to be bold. We shall continue to preach this message until the time of the outbreak of the Armageddon. (Mat. 6:14) Also, during the great tribulation, the message we preach will be even more inflammatory and would require them to decide whether they would support the Kingdom of God or the human governments. Those who hate the Lord have failed to resolve the issue. It would be like a excessive worry for them. * (Progression. 16:21) There is no doubt that they will be as angry as Pharaoh did to the Israeli people along the Red Sea. Listening to our mandate to preach and continue to preach no matter how many people see us, will help us to resolve the differences we are going to face in the future.

Bring THE TEDUS TO BY BY BY BY TH TH TH TH TH THIDOFUT BY THE THOHHHHAFAT

Most of the men and women who listened to the Lord were represented in the Bible. One of them is Princesy. He reigned over Judah when three states came together to attack Judah. The youths and his people were very scared, and we heard from them. (2Kro. 20:1-3) Despite being fearful, he made good decisions. Let's take a look at how your husband shows that he trusts and listens to him, and what we can do to show that we are learning from him.

He explained that you would ask God to help you and also listen to him. As he became afraid, he decided to pursue the way of the Lord. (2Kro. 20:3) Before your husband and life

* See Questions From Readers' of August 2025 Protection.

9. What can we do will help us to obey God even when we are against us? (See also the picture.)

10. How did you feel when three countries came together to invade Judah?

11. What did your life become as she was afraid? (2Arts 20:5, 6, 1012)

Listening to God helps us to cope with riots (See paragraph 9)

11

The surviving poor leaders listen to the Lord, his congregation, and other corrupt leaders (See paragraph 16)

This even will be the case, he asked the Lord to guide him in any circumstances he faced. (2Kro. 19:3 Therefore, when the three nations came to attack Judah, she was aware that she should ask the Lord to help them. He decided to ask and direct the Lord, and also to use everything he would tell him. Therefore, he prayed to God for help. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 1012.) If we are troubled, let us learn to save our lives. We have to make a decision to listen to the Lord, ask him to guide us by listening to our prayers and studying the Bible, and believe that he will help us. 119:112.

12 Keep studying the Bible. Some of the things concerning him when he was praying make it clear to us that he knew what Jehovah had done in the past. He knew that Jehovah had promised Abraham to give the promised land to his seed. (1 Mo. 12:7) Also, the words he made in his temple are similar to the words of Solomon's time to pray during the opening of the church. (2Kro. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) All that you know about God so let him believe in him with all his heart and decide to obey him. We also need to continue to learn new biblical truths from what we already know, say, to put things in our bank. (Mat. 13:52) While we continue to do so, we are going to make it clear that we will obey God in any situation.

13 Keep your composure. The Catholic church also reminds us of its self-regulation. The lion is a king, he is a great man, and he is a soldier, but he does not leave behind the face of the Lord and fight his enemies. Then, when he was praying in public, he did something he couldn't do very well. He said that he was ignorant about what he would do and asked Jehovah to help them. (2Kro. 20:12 Because of his humble nature, when he was given guidance, he used it quickly. We too, if we stand down, we would love to obey God at all times. 2:5, 8.

14Your actions can have a negative effect on people. Jehovah listened to your ways. He sent a prophet Wiktor to send directions to his village. They said, they wouldn't have to fight their enemies. The Speaker has said to them: "We shall assemble, stand, and see how Jehovah will save your life. How did your husband react to the passage of this directive? The Bible says that he was going to stand down and lay down his face. All the residents also came to their attention. . . to worship God. The following day, the farmers and the residents went to involve themselves.

12. What will help us to make a decision to listen to God?

13. If we are humble, what will lead us to do?

14. How did she respond to the directives given to her by God? How did his actions affect the public?

12 BUU-Lon

The people will come together, empowering them to believe in God and his prophets. 2Kro. 20:1420.

15 Your heart is very confident that Jehovah will fulfill his promise and will fight for his people. And he urged the people to believe in and obey the Lord. After his association with the public, they all decided to appoint some men to lead the army and sang it to praise and worship God. (2Kro. 20:21. Because they believed in and listened to him, he fought against their enemies for them. He killed their enemies.Kro. 20:2224.

16 If you are an elder, parent, or guardian, you can follow a good example of how your life can be for his people. He decided to listen to God, and his good example helped the public to do the same. He was also humble and obedient to God's prophet. When he was making a significant decision, he held a press conference with the public before making a decision. Empress acted as his ancestor Solomon. Solomon wants to listen to and take good care of his people. Therefore, he begged for help from God. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) elders also need to trust in and support the organization. When making a decision that will affect your congregation in some way, they should research the Bible and the organization's papers and ask other leaders for their opinion before making the decision. This will mean they will be humble. (Article 15:22) When the congregation gives a directive, they voluntarily squeeze down and use it as soon as possible, encouraging the brothers to do the same. If parents also voluntarily follow the directives of the Lord, it will help their children to take the same approach.September 1:8; 14:1.

17 If we choose to listen to God, we can be sure that he will take care of us and educate us on how we can do whatever we are going to. Through the men he has appointed in the land he has directed his people to the way he has done in the past. Today, through the Ministry of Education and Sports, the Ministry of Education and Sports guides its organization. If we obey the directives you send us, then we are listening to them. At times, we may not understand some of the directives that are given by God, but we should not be concerned with them. Jehovah knows far more than us, and nothing else can do. (Yes. 55:9) Therefore, let us be determined to always obey God in all our hearts.

15. How do you show a strong belief in God?

16. What can the elders, parents and guardians learn from the cassava example? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also the image.)

17. Why should we choose to listen to God at all times?

How will you become an expert in the decision?

What do we learn from the bad practices of the youths when they left Egypt?

What does your teeth do to show that he believes in and obeys God?

What do we learn from the bush sample?

July 88

Make Malek your ways

ARTICLE 1622, 2026

We preach the Good News in United Nations All Talks

ten men from all the languages of the nations shall arrest one Jew in a long dress.ZAK. 8:23.

ARTICLE 84 Let's Present

What we are going to learn about how your teeth are coming true and what the people are doing to be able to communicate to people in any language.

In the first century, it was reported that at one point, humans rebelled against the Lord and attempted to build a great castle. But Jehovah gave them a variety of words to stop the construction of the building. When the person makes a statement, the person who does not understand it, and when the person speaks, this person does not understand it. As a result, they separated from those who didn't understand their language and settled elsewhere, leading to the spread of the land. (1 Mo. 11:6-9) But years later, the Lord said that he would be "a great crowd ... of all nations and of all kinds of people and of all kinds and of language", and that he would save them out of the great tribulation and live in the new world. (Provincial. 7:9, 10, 14) This crowd can listen to the names of the Lord in the great tribulation because we have preached the good news about the Kingdom to them in a speech they understand. (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) It is our great privilege to preach to people so that they can be saved!

2 years before the handwriting of the letter of Revelation, the spirit of the prophet Mary was given to the prophet that

1. Why is it so important to preach to people in a language that they understand? (Article 10:13, 14) 2. What was Jehovah's spirit that led to the discussion of Mary?

14

"Many nations shall be attached to the Lord, and they shall become his people." (Zak. 2:11) Also, in his letter, Eve wrote: This is what Jehovah, like you, said, Those days, ten men from all the languages of the nations shall fall into one long Jew's dress, yes, fall apart, they shall fall apart, and say: We will go with you, because we have heard that God is with you. (Zak. 8:23) This prophecy is coming true today. In this lesson, we will see what each of us can do to spread the good news to people in any language.

ADOPTION The POPTION OF THE POPTION OF THE POPTION OF THE POTITICE

The Jewish mentioned in the prophecy of witchcraft represents the Christians who have been anointed with the holy spirit. The Bible also refers to them as 'the Israel of God.' (Gal. 6:16) These people have have got the green call. (Defense. 3:1) The ten men represented those who submit themselves and have the hope of living forever in Paradise on earth. These people come from different countries and speak different languages.

4 In 1919, Jesus Christ appointed a few of the male anointed men to serve as the "faithful and discreet slave." These brothers saw the need to interpret the biblical message we preach to more languages. (Mat. 24:45) Before 1919, however, God's people showed a video about nature to spread the gospel. They translated this video into different languages, but they saw as having to do more than that. Later in 1921, they released a book studying the Bible called The Harp of God. This book is translated into 36 languages. Then in 1935, the faithful and discreet slave came to understand that "a great crowd" from different countries will serve God forever on earth. This made them realize that we have to preach to people in different countries worldwide, and also in many languages. Therefore, the Christians who were anointed during that time worked hard to plan and spread the good news throughout the land to fulfill the prophecy of witchcraft.

THE ALL THE SYSTEMENT OF THE SYSTEM

The people of God continued to spread the gospel worldwide. As told by Isaiah, many people from different parts of the world want to learn about God and worship him. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) In order to help these people learn about the Lord, God's people actively strive to preach, translate the congregation's papers into many languages worldwide, and publish and send these books to people worldwide. (Article 68:11; 110:3) Moreover, many brothers and women worked hard and their brains could be made of cognitive.org and JW Library®. These materials have helped many people speaking different languages so that they can study the Bible.

Another way of expressing support for the ministry is by giving donations. Donations to the donations made, books and videos were freely available in over 1,100 languages. Therefore, every year thousands of people are starting Bible studies and worshipping Jehovah's people.

3. Who are the Christians today? Which ten men are represented by?

4. What happened when Jesus appointed "the faithful and discreet slave" in 1919?

56. What shows that the prophecy at Exodus 2:2-4 is coming true today? (See also the picture.)

SEPATE 2026 15

People from different countries who speak different languages are benefiting from the books and videos produced by the faithful and intelligent slave

(Communal 5-6)

7 Although the people of God speak different languages, they work together to spread the good news to people everywhere. Angels help them to do this work. (Read Episode 14:6.) When we see the fulfillment of predictions such as those written in the Book of Ruth and the Book of Revelation, it makes us completely aware that the other predictions will also be fulfilled. And we are determined to be faithful to the organization of Jehovah because he is clearly working with the organization to sensitize people on the good news across the globe.

BINORS OF THE SYSTEPTION

8 On the day of Pentecost 33th, a surprise was performed by the Lord. When the disciples of Jesus gathered in Jerusalem, they suddenly began to speak in many different languages. (Bef. 2:4-10) Why did he perform this miracle? Due to that, people have come from different places to Jerusalem to worship God in the church. And Jehovah wants them to hear the good news in their own speech. (Bef. 2:11) Today, we can also preach to interested people who speak other languages because we have books and videos in many languages.

It is very important to sensitize people about the good news in a language they understand. Here is an example of this: If, a person travelled abroad with a serious disease and went to see the doctor who had treated him. But the doctor didn't understand his speech, and therefore one would need to interpret the doctor's language to him. In the same way, people

7. How do we know that John and Eve's predictions are being fulfilled, and how do we feel about them? (Article 14:6)

8. What miracle did Jehovah perform on the day of Pentecost 33?

9. How can we be able to spread the good news to people who don't hear our language?

16 CUU-Lon

Many are depressed and hesitant, but the story in the Bible is translated into a word that they understand can also be comforting and optimistic. Therefore, we came to meet a person who doesn't hear our language, so we can still use the Bible to help him cope with his problems. For example, we can give her books in her language or delete videos in her language to her.

10 Let's take a look at how we can use the JW Library app to communicate to someone else in a different language. Here's an experience of English-speaking brother Robert. On one occasion, he was confronted with a man from Türkye working on a cruise. The man didn't understand English enough, and so Robert gave him the good news from God! in Tükye language. Robert was very familiar with the study of this week, so he asked the man to read specific passages in your village in Türkye language. A man from Tükye asked about the ongoing events in the world. Therefore, Robert used the JW Library app to go from the Bible to answer the questions in Tükye language. The man told Robert: "It's so impressive, I'm going to answer all my questions in my own words even though you don't hear my word! Robert commented: "By the end of our conversation, the man has understood the story in the Bible more clearly and found that the Bible is an important document. We are very excited that, we are able to help people in their own language so that they can come to know God better and also understand the issues in the Bible!

1011. What did you learn from Robert's experience with the story in the previous interview, "Abubu Ako learn About Jehovah?"

Lub now Ntshab Qab Ntoje Tweb Buab Thajeeeb

A refugee learnt About God

You don't have access to the environment very easily. She had to leave her country and go to the United States to become a refugee. He didn't understand English. He speaks Hmong. Also, her husband does not allow her to read any books even including the Bible. He said, "I don't have peace, nor am I happy." One day, a English-speaking Jehovah's witness gave him the title of a new life in a peaceful New World in the Hmongo language. You learn about the good things God has promised in the Bible that he will do in the future. He had never heard these promises. His experience in the garden made him very happy. He assured him that his future future would be better. He saved his garden in a container for many years. He seldom steals and reads his garden at night. Over time, one of the daughters of Youa became Jehovah's Witnesses and took You to a meeting in the Hmong language. After that, Youa was started to study the Bible. It is evident that, being built in his speech helped him learn about God and began to worship him.

SEPATE 2026 17

11 when we put a message on the mind.org to people in their own language, it can help them. You can prepare to do this way to contact someone who doesn't hear your comments.

WETIONS IN THE BINORS OF ALL THE world OF THE SYSTEMENTS OF THE SYSTEMENT

12 Not our generation has begun to translate the Bible. * Bible translation is not a small business. Translationists do so because they want all people to read the word of God in their own language. For this reason, each of us can read the Bible in the language that it understands. For example, the Holy ScriptureNew World Translation has been translated into many languages and this has helped God's people worldwide to learn the truth about God's word. A brother who serves as an executive in Nepal said of the New World Translation: When I read this biblical translation in my language, I feel like I am talking to God directly to me. This has greatly strengthened my friendship with God and also strengthen my faith. The full or part of the New World is translated into 300 languages and later. The New World Definition is accurate and easy to understand, and it teaches the truth about God. Therefore, Jehovah's people worldwide share the same beliefs, and they share the same message with everyone regardless of their language. (1 Kor. 1:10) But the New World Translation is of great benefit for other reasons. Let's see.

* Nearly 2,200 years ago Hebrew Text was translated into Greek. This is the first time a portion of the Bible has been translated into another language.

12. How have God's people benefited from the New World Translation?

The 13th century does not contain the modern versions of the Bible. But it appears thousands of times in the New World Translation. Some hundred years ago, people found the name of the Lord in a number of Bibles. They usually see this name in the Hebrew text. But most priests today don't want to use the names of the Lord nor do they want people to know the name of God. For example, the Catholic priests have dropped the name of God from their Bibles and other sources. The other churches have also removed the names of God from their churches. But in the New World Translation, the name of God is placed in any place to be found. It is very important for people to know the name of God. Let's take a look at why.

The 14th Bible shows that it is important to know and use the name of God. For example, in the Book of Music, we are supposed to praise the name of God. (Article 135:1) When Jesus was teaching his students how to pray, he said: Your ways are clean. And another time while he was cooking, he said: 'You know your name.' (Mat. 6:9; Yoo. 17:26) Both Prophet Joel and the Angel Paul wrote: Anyone who calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved. (Rom. 10:13) Because many Bible translators have removed the name of God from the Bible, many people do not realize that they need to know and use the name of God.

15 Jehovah's Witnesses can read the New World Translation in person.

* In 2008, the Catholic church leader ordered Catholics not to use the name of God when they sing or sing. See also October 1, 1997 Protection-Default page 13-14, subsection 4-8.

13. Why does the name of God not exist in most of the Bible today?

14. What information is contained in the Bible that informs us of the need to know and use the name of God?

15. How does the New World Translation help us?

18 BUU-Lon

Language. The New World Translation helps them to know the truth about God, to love him and to trust him as well as to praise his titles.April 18:10; Yes. 56:6.

The 16th chapter of the Bible has predicted that it will soon be fought by the Lord and the kings of the whole earth. (Provincial. 16:14) Meanwhile, the Lord will respect and listen to those who know him and honor his name. (Song 9:10; read John 17:3) But those who do not believe and disobey him will be aware that he is the Almighty God while he is against them. "No matter what, I shall make myself big," said Jehovah, "I shall make my sanctuary and I shall make it known to me before the eyes of many nations; and they shall have to know that I am the Lord." (Eze. 38:23) Meanwhile, Jehovah's people would be very happy that Jehovah is their helper but not their enemy! 3:16.

16. Why is it so important to call on the Lord now? (John 17:3)

It is our great privilege to preach the good news to all people worldwide to fulfill the prophecy of witchcraft at 8:23. It is also our privilege to share the good news with our brothers and angels in different languages. Jehovah gives us all that we need to be able to serve to people of all nationalities and tribes, as well as to those who speak any language. Therefore, let us continue to use these tools more effectively to help people become friends of God. We can help them to see that Jehovah is very sympathetic, patient and loving to all. It is our privilege to continue our work until everyone on earth knows the name of God and the truth about him.It is 11:2 of God.

17. What rights have each of us enjoyed?

How will you become an expert in the decision?

Who are the rich and the ten men mentioned at 12:23?

What has been the reason for the multilingual people worldwide studying about the Lord?

Why is it very important for people to know and use the name of Jehovah?

July 57 We preach to All Peoples

ARTICLE 23-29, 2026

July 107 God instructed us to Love people.

What brings us to know how the gift of God's grace to us brings us closer to him.

Priests, Voluntary Gifts to mankind by God

Every ordained bishop from among people is ordained as chief in their custody.HEB. 5:1.

Parents are very important to humans, they know, or they do not know. Why do we say that? Because Adam and Eve were disobeying God, all men were born in sin, and so they could not make friends with God. (Efe. 2:12; Colony. 1:21) Inferably, because of sin, there is a big gap between humans and God, and without help they will never be able to get closer to him. But unless they get closer to God before they can really enjoy life and also have hope. Therefore, Jehovah wants to help humans. What did he do?

2 Although he has committed a sin towards humans, Jehovah made arrangements to give them priests a place to be able to make friends with him. He made known to the priests and archbishops of Israel. He later appointed Jesus High Priest to the Christian congregation, and to this day Jesus remains the Bishop. In this lesson, we will consider how the priests helped humanity in the past. Then, we will see how our village helps us today, and how it will cooperate with the 144,000, the other clergy, to help us in the future. Finally, we are going to see how Jehovah made sure that humans have a sense of belonging to our pastors.

How TO THE CAPTION OF THE CAPTIONS OF THE CAPTIONS

3 The Angel Paul explained why God gave the archbishop of Israel. (Read Article 5:1.) Jehovah wants to help the Israeli people to get closer to him. That is why he gave them a bishop to help them with things concerning God.

1. Why is it so important to humans?

2. What will we consider in this lesson?

3. What were the bishop and the pastoralists to enable them to do? (Article 5:1; see also the picture.)

20

For this reason, there is a big gap between humans and God; the priests are like a bridge that we can go to and from God.

(See subsection 3)

The focus. For this reason, they can worship God even though they are sinners. Therefore, the archbishop and the clergy became like a bridge through which those who loved the Lord can go to him.

4 Although the Israelites were sinful, how did the clergy help them to get closer to and serve God? They sponsored them in two main ways. First, the clergy were God's representative in the eyes of the Israeli people because they served as teachers. Why do we say that? It is said at Deuteronomy 2:7: The mouth of a priest should preserve wisdom, and to his mouth, people should seek law from him, because he is a servant. Therefore, one of the priests' duties was to teach the Israeli people the Code of Moses, to help them understand, and to keep it. For example, at one time Ezra, a priest, read the Mosaic Law to the public, he partnered with a group of 13 Levis to help the public understand what was being read for them. They explained in a very simple way to make it understandable to the public. This helped the people to be able to do what the Lord wanted them to do, leading them to have a close relationship with God. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

Second, the clergy were representatives of the people of Israel in the presence of God because they had burned sacrifices to the people for forgiveness by Him. The people of Israel know that everyday they make a lot of mistakes. Therefore, they know that it is important to help them forgive their sins. Because of this, the Lord gave them priests sacrifices to the priests. Indeed, the repentant Israelites were satisfied that Jehovah had forgiven their sins. This organization helps us to see that Jehovah loves his people, he wants to help them enjoy happiness and become his friends forever.

ADOPTION OF THE Bible

6 Years before the establishment of a plan for the clergy, the families worshiping the Lord made sacrifices to themselves and their families. These sacrifices are done by the Lord

4. What role do the clergy play as representatives of God in Israel?

5. What role do the clergy play as human agents in the eyes of God? What causes us to know about God?

6. Why did Jehovah name some men as priests before planning to secure the clergy?

SEPATE 2026 21

Happy because they sacrifice these sacrifices so that there is good association with him. Also, Jehovah always wants to make friends with humans who serve him. For example, when Noah came out of the chest, he sacrificed to God with sacrifices. (1 Mo. 8:20) Abraham erected sacrifice altars to offer sacrifices on behalf of God. (1 Mo. 12:7, 8) Job also repeatedly burned sacrifices to his children in the opinion that they would not be able to commit any offences against God and pardon them. (Rarid 1:5) That is why some men were called priests by the Lord before he planned for the clergy to be acquired by the Israels. He said: "Let men who serve as priests [or family heads] who come to him always be holy, in order that they may not be crushed by God. 2 Mo. 19:22.

7 Who was the first person to be called a priest in the Bible? (1 Mo. 14:18) He was not just a priest; he was also a monarch. Some years later, the Lord promised that the Messiah would be king and priest like a drum. He also promised that humans will benefit forever from all the good things the Messiah will do as king and priest. Song 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 As we have seen, when God created his people with the Israels, through Moses he gave them the Law, he gave them priests as well. Furthermore, in the Constitution, it stipulated what he wanted the clergy to do with the bishop. Moses' brother Aaron was appointed to serve as a bishop by God, and he hired Aaron's sons to serve as priests. And from that, only Aaron's descendants who served as priests. (2Me. 40:12-15) The Lord entrusted the clergy with sacrifices. The archbishop was responsible for offering sacrifices to the whole nation, but there was an Israeli request to sacrifice, the other priests were the ones who sacrificed. Other men from the Levi family assist the priests.

Also, Jehovah prescribed the various sacrifices to be sacrifices, the need for sacrifices, and the way they should be burned. The contributions of the bishop and the clergy to the committee revealed that in the future, he would help humans in a very good way.

At the time of the baptism of Jesus, two important events occurred. (1) The old church building came into existence. (2) Jesus becomes a Bishop in this church. (Defense. 8:1) Later, Jesus sacrificed his life as a full human to completely destroy the human sins. The sacrifice of burning was much better than the sacrifices made by the clergy and livestock in Israel. Why? Because sacrifices with animals cannot completely burn down, but the sacrifice of Jesus does. Today, Jesus is still going to serve as our boss, and it is like a bridge that we go to and from the Lord. (Defense. 9:24) When it comes to the time when Jesus, our Lord and the King shall inherit the whole earth, the 144,000 shall rule as kings and priests. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) Meanwhile, the Lord and Jesus and the 144,00 people will help all the humans who wish to obey the Lord to be able to make their way complete and also make the earth into a paradise. We are eagerly awaiting this season!

10 As we have seen, from ancient times, Jehovah made plans for humans to have a priest so that they can make it possible to make friends with him. Many of the sacrifices the Israel made to them the need for a better sacrifice, which was Jesus's life as a human sacrifice. During the Thousand Years, Jesus and the 144,000 would serve as priests until mankind became perfect. Then, there will no longer be any way between humans and the Lord, and thus priests will no longer be required. What can we learn from the arrangement of God to create a priest for humans to pass.

7. Who is a pig? And in what ways is it similar to the Messiah? 8. Who have served as priests in Israel, and what have they done?

910. Who will join Jesus as priests in the Millennium?

22 BUU-Lon

have they been able to get closer to him? That is what we will now consider.

How TO THE SYSTE OF ADOPTION OF THE SYSTEPTION OF THE SYSTEMENT OF our IN THE SYSTEMENT

11 Jehovah wants to make a huge relationship with each other. Since Adam and Eve made a mistake, there has been a big gap between humanity and God. But God is eager to eradicate this road altogether. Jehovah wants us to get close to him in prayer, get his best, and make a good relationship with him. And also, he wants us to get freedom from sin and live forever. (2 Kor. 5:18) The fact is that, Adam and Eve is the reason why we are born in sin, not we. He is our neighbor, and that is why he plans to remove the big gap between us and him so that we can make friends with him. why do we love him so much, isn't it?

12 Jesus also wants us to have a close friendship with God. The Bible shows that, "we have a helper to the Father," he is our Lord Jesus Christ. If we make a mistake, he can make a plea for us. (1 John. 2:1; read Article 7:25.) What are some of the things that Jesus may have viewed before pleading for you? He may also care about your upbringing, health, stress, or other problems. Also, he may look at his best interests, all the good you do and how honest you are to God. Furthermore, because Jesus sees your heart as well, he will consider how often you pray for Jehovah to forgive you, and how you are trying hard to do what is right. Because it is in Jehovah's goodness

11. What is one of the reasons why Jehovah was planning to have the clergy?

12. What do Jesus look at before pleading for us? Why is this comforting to us? (Article 7:25) (See also the image.)

Jesus, our Lord, looks at the good intentions we have, the good things we do, the prayer we pray for forgiveness, and the effort to do what is right (See article 12)

He wanted to grant a pardon so we can be sure that, he would obey the fair plea Jesus made to us and pardon our sins. (Article 86:5) In fact, Jesus is chosen by Him himself and pleads for us.

13 Jehovah wants us to be able to communicate with him without fear. (Read Article 4:16) This is another reason why he hired us to serve as our boss. He is fond of listening to our prayers. If we do, it means that we trust it and also trust it. Sometimes we do not see how we feel about it. We may feel stressed, and that is why we do not see what we are saying to him. (Rom. 8:26) But now Jehovah knows this, he hears our invitation, and therefore he does something to help us. We can always go to the Lord because he is our Father, he is good, and he has time for us.

14 Jehovah wants us to live forever. (Eze. 33:11) The sacrifice of animals in the past did not erase the sins of the worshipers of God at all. (Defense. 7:19) But through these sacrifices, the Lord made his servants realize they needed a better sacrifice. This sacrifice is the absolute human life of Jesus Christ. Because of this sacrifice, it is possible for God to give life to anyone who listen to it. Thanks to God, he made such a arrangement so that we can live forever! 4:10.

15 Who appointed a bishop, and whom he or she appointed to serve as a priest, lets us know that he loved us. Like it happens in the case of Jesus, the 144,000 must be faithful to -

13. What is another reason why Jesus was given to us to serve as our Lord? And how do you benefit from this? (Stail 4:16)

14. What did Jehovah do to show that he wanted humans to live forever?

15. Why can we say that Jehovah appointed a bishop, and those who chose to serve as priests, to serve him?

but they will die. (Fip. 2:8; Episode. 2:10) It should be clear to the Lord that they are faithful. Therefore, we can be sure that, during the Thousand Years, Jesus and the 144,000 will voluntarily help us to do what is right, and gradually we will be able to achieve our goals. Also, they will help us to completely avoid the sin we inherited from Adam and Eve. The reason for this fine is why they can do all these things. Towards the end of the Thousand Year's reign, all human beings on the earth would be as perfect as the Lord had originally created.Prop. 22:1, 2.

16 Jesus, our Lord is very aware of the challenges we face and how we feel about it because he has never lived as a man on earth. (Read Article 4:15.) Do you feel tired at times? Jesus also suffered from tiredness. (Cort. 4:6) Are you sometimes hungry and thirsty? Hunger and thirst for Jesus too. (Mat. 4:2; Yoo. 19:28) Are people teasing you or insulting you for your beliefs? Jesus was also done. (Yes. 50:6). 15:20) Is there anyone you love whose story is dead? When Jesus was on earth, his friend Lazarus died, and he was able to remember that Joseph, who had taken him, also died. Therefore, we can be sure that, Jesus, our Lord, understands us and knows what he should do to help us because he has never gone through the way we define it today.

17 During the Thousand Year, there shall also be a total of 144,000 people who will understand and treat us well. Before they went to heaven, they were the imperfect humans who sined just like us. Therefore, they know how we feel when we make a mistake. Also, when they are on earth

16. Why can we say that Jesus is the best High Priest we can have? (Colgory 4:15)

17. Why can we be sure that the 144,000 will understand and treat us well during the Millennium?

24 BUBI-Lon

Then, they get sick, and sometimes they worry. Therefore, they know how to feel about disease and how it affects someone. Also, they all did not live at the same time. In addition, they lived in different areas and came from different families, and they became different backgrounds. Therefore, regardless of the circumstances you go through, there is someone of the 144,000 who will understand you.

18 To date, what we have learned has made us realize that Jehovah loves us, he understands how we feel, forgives us, and helps us. Satan is always looking for something bad about us, but Jehovah is not at all. (Provincial. This study has made us realize that Jehovah has done a lot for us to get closer to him, we are convinced that we can please him and become his friends. How does this make you feel about God? Does it make you feel loved by you, and wants to forgive you?

19 times, we may feel unworthy of those that should be loved by God. But this study has helped us to be confident that Jehovah understands us and that he knows that our imperfections are why we feel that. He knew that we are dust. Nonetheless, it does not focus on our shortcomings, instead it focuses more on the things we do, what kind of people we want to become, and what kind of people we are going to become perfect. If we don't see the good things about us, but we've not seen these things, it is good for us to remember that Jehovah is more than our heart and knows everything. 1 Yoo. 3:20.

20 As we have seen in this study, the Lord plans to have priests so that we can believe in him that we are sinners. We saw that he did it because of the sin in us, there is no room between us and him. But because he wanted to get closer to him, he made this arrangement which becomes like a bridge that we can get closer to him. We should show our gratitude for what he did and must do what Article 4:16 tells us to do. There, we said: "So let us use the speech and the assurance that we have done our part in the race, to achieve the compassion and skill that will help us in the right time."

18. What have we learned about God in this study? What causes you to feel better?

19. Even if we experience our shortcomings, how does Jehovah see for us?

20. Why do we appreciate the arrangement of God to have a priest? What are we determined to do?

How will you become an expert in the decision?

How does God's plan to have priests enables us to serve him despite being sinful?

Who are the various priests referred to in the Bible?

How does Jehovah's plan for us to have a priest enables us to have a close relationship with him?

You were robbed of the Lord for His Born child.

ARTICLE 30-DECETAM 6, 2026

Protect yourselves from 'The Spirit of the World'

Everything in the world . . . He did not belong to the Father. Roster. 2:16.

8 April. 22 The Kingdom of Christ was bornLet It Come to Earth!

What will we learn to be aware of three things that we should be careful about so that the spirit of the world does not affect us.

This world we live in is ruled by our own God. (Cort. 14:30; 1 John. 5:19) The most neglected are the followers of Christ. (Provincial. 12:12, 13, 17) But this does not mean that Satan himself is always in any place and against us. In fact, there is nothing in the Bible that an angel, whether good or bad, can live anywhere. But Satan has a large number of demons working together with him. (Provincial. 12:9) There is also an option that Satan can use at any time, and this feature is widely available. That is the spirit of the world. This spirit controls many people, knowing or not. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) There are some people who do not believe that Satan exists, but as long as they inspire the spirit of the world, then they are doing the will of Satan. In part, he planted them to do his will. 2 Tim. 2:26.

There are many of us that were once the spirit of the world guiding us. But when we learned what the spirit of the world was and who was behind it, what did we do? We heard the biblical warning that "we shall be separated from the disregard for God and the desires of the world." (Article 2:11, 12) Although Satan is so powerful and he is driving a lot of people in the world, we don't let him drive us, which means that we want to stop him, and that Jehovah is helping us. (Yak. 4:7, 8) We can all believe that, Jehovah is very pleased with us because we have laid our hands on so that the spirit of the world does not affect us!

1. What is Satan driving people today? (1 John 2:15, 16) 23. (a) How do Jehovah's people differ from those that let the spirit of the world control them? (b) What should we be careful about?

26

It is very easy for the spirit of the world to affect us.

(See paragraph 5)

Nevertheless, we should be very careful about something. What? If we don't try to be vigilant, we will gradually think we're going to behave like the people in the world. This happened to some people who made big changes to be able to serve God. (Efe. 6:11; Fip. 3:18) In this study, we will consider some suggestions that can help us not to do that in our case. But for the first time, we will consider the implications of the term 'the spirit of the world'.'1 Kor. 2:12, shin.

WHAT IS THE 'SESSION OF THE POP'?

In the Bible, the word 'the spirit of the world' refers to the attitude and attitude of those who don't make friends of God. How do the people of the world's spirit shape them? They often cut down on them alone. Also, they often do not live according to what Jehovah has shown to be right and what he has shown to be. For example, today, many people think it isn't difficult for people to say words that are inappropriate or engage in debauchery. These things are "the heart of the nations," but not the heart of the Creator.1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The spirit of the World is one of the most effective ways in which Satan misleads the whole earth. (Provincial. 12:9) Angel Paul compared the spirit of the world to a circle, which is worth comparing it to the air. (Read Ephesians 2:1, 4) We breathe in one another everywhere, and we breathe in one another every day. But the world's spirit is like a very bad air that will hurt us if we breathe. Now,

4. What is the spirit of the world? How do the demonstrators react to the virus?

5. In what way is the spirit of the world similar to that of a air? (Article 2:1, 2) (See also the image.)

SEPATE 2026 27

We will also consider how we can stop this airborne and even not forget how we can prevent it from happening.

I am going to get rid of you.

6 Bible predicted that in the last days people would become bad, arrogant, and unable. (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Today, people's statements usually show that they have some of these negative characteristics. As an example, advertisements are sometimes broadcast on TV or radio or in advertisements that some people are not just collecting information. Also, in most families, a husband and a wife speak inappropriately to her husband, as well as to parents say inappropriate comments to their children. Additionally, all children and adults speak ya-taka language. (Efe. 5:3, 4) It is clear that people who are guided by the spirit of the world speak in that way.

7 As Christians, we always have to speak the right words, when speaking to others in advance, we are writing a message to them or whether. (Yak. 1:26, 27) Therefore, you can ask yourself: How do I say it? If I am angry or angry with those who don't know that I am a witness, do I speak inappropriate words? And when I speak to my sisters, do I not speak with my dress and smile at them at them at all? Do I speak to my family about it? What will they say about how I am talking about it?

8 When we see that we are speaking as the people of the world do, what can we do? We need to change the way we say

6. How do people in the world's spirit communicate?

7. Of what questions can we ask ourselves about how we say?

8. How can we avoid inappropriate comments? (Thursday 3:8-10)

We give it to him, but it is not for us to do it. Why? Something that Jesus once said helps us to understand why. He said: "Everything that goes out of the mouth is out of the heart, and that's how much it means to respect a person." (Mat. 15:18) These words of Jesus show that our words make us understand what we are thinking about and how we feel. That is why the Bible mentions 'out-of-mouths' among some bad characteristics that start out of the heart like 'black,' 'rageful' and 'noying'. (Efe. 4:31) If you see that you have some of these negative characteristics in your heart, pray for help you control these bad attitudes and keep on wearing a new person. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) Also, you can find and learn the information that the congregation has written about these qualities and how to control them. Call be determined not to let the spirit of the world control your mindset and feel. 4:29.

Let's Look At DISINTO TO THE SYSTEO

9 Another thing that the spirit of the world guides is that they ignore the things that the Lord has shown to be right or wrong. Most of them think it isn't difficult to get pregnant, gay, or sexually transmitted before getting married. (Yes. 5:20) If we are not careful, we will gradually think as they are, and we will not suffer from these practices. (2 Kor. 11:3) We might even think there is knowledge about how people think in the world and that the recommendations in the Bible are timely. But this isn't really true! Everything that Jehovah tells us is always good for us. He knows far more than us, and everything he tells us is always successful.Yees. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

9. How do people who are inspired by the spirit of the world react to what Jehovah has shown to be right or wrong?

28 BUU-Lon

10 Those who wish for the happiness of God should be able to do the things that Jehovah hates. (Article 97:10) Therefore, can you ask yourself: Although I understand that Jehovah said sex should not be obtained before the marriage, and shouldn't be sexual, do I sometimes wish I do it? Do I want to watch videos or play a video that contains the things that the Lord hates? Do I wish that the Lord will change the undesirable things he says I will do what I want?

What can you do if you see something that Jehovah hates? I quickly concluded that you can't do the will of God. Remember that he has committed a sin against us all, and sometimes we wish to do something unpleasant. (Article 51:5; 103:14) But you can choose to do what is right, and not become the desires of our flesh. (Efe. 2:3. Also, you can choose to keep your mind off from the bad things you wish for. If you start to feel something bad, you should immediately take your eyes or mind off the things that Jehovah hates. (1 Mo. 39:9, 12) And reflect on how such things can destroy your relationship with God, as well as with others. Call be determined never to let it happen. (Efe. 5:5) Jehovah can help you to hate things that are not good.

SESSION OF THE SYSTEPIP

Most of us use the Internet for work or school activities. Also, when we are studying the Bible, we are at a meeting in the town hall or following the course of the presentation, we are going to the attention of the mind. But most of the online content is uploaded by people who are guided by the spirit of the world. For example, many pornography have been posted online, and it is easy for people to see, old, and young people. There are also many, especially youth and moral issues, photos and videos with sexually explicit content on the Internet. In addition, the amount of information posted on the Internet is untrue or exaggerated. And on the tour, people often post photos and videos that highlight the interesting things they are doing or the only places they travelled to. Having seen things that have been posted to my community can lead to feelings of insecurity. And that can lead to any breaking out of meetings or reduce the times we spend in the field so that we can pursue these things. 10:24, 25.

13 should be careful about posting online content that could damage our time or mind. Therefore, we can ask ourselves: How often do I just see people's posts and not for any reason watch them? (Efe. 5:15, 16) What are I seeing online? When I see something inappropriate on the Internet, how long does it take me to make sure? (Article 119:37) Do I believe in everything I read online or see if they are accurate? September 14:15.

14 What can you do to prevent the spirit of the world from controlling you as you use the Internet? Never spend too much time online. I do not know

10. What questions can we ask ourselves about the things that the Lord can do?

11. What will cause us to know what Jehovah is able to do?

12. Most of the online posts relate to what?

13. What questions can we ask ourselves about the way we use the Internet?

14. How can we use the Internet for better use?

SEPATE 2026 29

Things that Christians should not be viewed. Also, parents should know how long their children spend on tracking and what things they do on it. (Efe. 6:4) Researchers have found that adolescents who spend most of the time on the platform are often more unhappy, overwhelmed, and more depressed than those who don't usually eat on it. If you implement positive recommendations in the Bible, use the Internet for better use.

You will be able to move!

15 If you see the spirit of the world affecting you in a way, do something to deal with it.

15. What do you are learning about in the case of Gloria? (Cwcmo's also image.)

A sister named Gloria's grandmother was in trouble with a similar situation. He studied about God while he was a young child, but he was very influential. He said: "I want to have a lot of wealth to buy fame. Therefore, I started to hold meetings for the rest of the organization. She arrived at a place where I no longer wanted to stay as a witness. In time, Gloria grew up growing up as the world's ghost that led to her having acquired the rights of the brand. So what did he do? He said: "I studied the Bible so much, I wrote a great deal, and I stopped my friends with those who serve God. Although I don't have so much money now, I am rich in the presence of God. I am now very happy that

The names mentioned in this study are not the real names of the people.

What can you do to prevent the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15)

30 CUBI-Lon

I am betrayed by God and not by the world of Satan.

16 We can also learn something from the story of a brother named Robert. Because Robert had bad friends in school and was involved in bad entertainment, he began smoking and drinking, and he had a relationship with men. He said: "I felt like I was free because I do whatever I want." But in time, Robert saw that he was not completely independent, instead he turned a slave for the world. (2 Pet. 2:19) What treatment did Robert make? He said: "I have a friendship with people who love the Lord. I am how I behave, how I feel and how I am talking about it. How does Robert feel about it now? He said; Every day I wake up, I am happy that I am coming to prison very well. My life is different from my previous life. This gives me great joy.

16. What did you learn from Robert's story?

17 What have we learn from this study? We should be careful that the spirit of the world does not destroy us. This will call on us to refrain from making inappropriate comments about the things that are being done by God and to be careful about the bad things on the In-tant. The spirit of the world has a profound effect on people, but they should not be intimidated. You can choose to do what is right, because Jehovah is more powerful than Satan and his evil world. (Read 1 John 4:4.) Also, libation will give you his holy spirit, the most powerful force, to help you preserve the spirit of the world. (Articles 11:13) Therefore, let us all be determined to continue to "walk in the spirit of God," and prevent the spirit of the world!Gal. 5:16.

17. Why can you be sure you can prevent the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

WHAT DO THE SYSTEMENT THE THITH THE SYSTEO ACAUD:

How do we say it?

How do we see the things that the Lord can do?

How do we use the Internet?

TwiS 124 True!

BUNE-SESSEREMENT OF THE SYSTEMENT ADAFI

September 2026 Vol. 147, No. 10 GA

BUNBI-SESSIONS

Article for November 2-8 2

You can get an assurance that Jehovah will protect you.

Article for November 9-15 8

What You Can Do to prevent you from listening to Jehovah at any time

Article for November 16-22 14

We preach the Good News in United Nations All Talks

Article for November 23-29 20

Priests, Voluntary Gifts to mankind by God

Article for 30December 6 26

Protect yourselves from 'The Spirit of the World'

This form has not been seized. It is part of a global Bible education initiative supported by voluntary donations. If you want to make a donation, please attendww.four.org.

Unsigned texts are from the Holy See.

The Sip (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2022 is published Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J3484, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

ADOPTION OF THE COBID

Let the Peace of Christ take place in your hearts

The term 'the peace of the Christ' is mentioned at Colossians 3:15. What is the peace of the Christ? Becoming a disciple of Christ helps a person to relax and act peacefully. If that happens, then he shall have some of the peace of the Christ. We enjoy this peace when we come to know that Jehovah and his people love us. Cork. 14:23, 27.

The Angel Paul urged the Christians in the Syrian congregation to maintain tighten on the peace we are talking about in their hearts or in their inner person. How can they do that? In ancient Greek, when contesting, there is a judge who verifies that the contestants are complying with the terms of the competition and also rewards the winners. This judge is a type of Greek word used by Paul and translated in Ga as 'regoverned'. This allows us to see that the same as a competition between the contestants is the one that the contestants should use, so we should make sure that the peace of the Christs) control the way we live our lives.

For example, if we don't agree with a fellow Christian on a matter, we have to make the peace of the Christ "a judge" in the case. If we eat the peace of the Christ, it is very easy to see what we should do to maintain peace and harmony with our brothers. In order to do this, we will sometimes ask to ignore our preferences or forgive others. But if we do, it means we are making the peace of the Christ prevail in our hearts. Kol. 3:12-14.

visit the brain.org website, or this symbol

JW.ORG ®

w26.09-GA