PERTTION OF MINORS

CARIP

Because all human beings are supposed to be born equal to a liberty that cannot be taken away from them, those being freedom, justice and order in the world,

Due to the disregard, and also the discovery of human rights on earth, it has turned into a man-in-law and made it violent, and now because the commons have their desires as much as they can say whatever they think about something, they only believe what they think is right, they cannot be intimidated anymore, nor can they be intimidated, for anything,

Because of the unwillingness to expunge any form of violence and it is not necessary to enact legislation to defend human rights,

Because it is important to maintain a friendship amongst nations,

Because the members of the United Nations Party have built their belief in human humanity, and the dignity and dignity of gender equality, and have also been determined to strive for greater social welfare than in the olden, and more effectively as set forth in the United Nations Treaty,

Since member states of the United Nations Party have pledged to cooperate with the party in order to appreciate it, and also to human rights and freedoms,

Since having a sense of these rights and freedoms would be the basis for the success of this pledge,

Now,

The General Assembly is informing

The World Covenant on Human Rights

All people and all nations think, so that by this agreement all individuals and groups can strive through teaching and educating on national and international initiatives to reduce its rights and freedoms across the world in countries that are in the United Nations Party in person, as well as the activities of dependents.

Level 1

Every man was born in glory, with a position of authority on the same basis. All people have a mind and conscience, and therefore they should live in love with brother.

Level 2

Everyone has the right to enjoy the rights of this agreement, the extent to which there is no restriction in the form of jaku, the possession of skin, gender, expression, religious affiliation, political standing or the view of an entity, ethnicity, possession, possession, family descent or possession of any obligation.

It is also taken to ensure that the area is not revealed how the dignity of a person's country is being used on behalf of these rights, whether the country has gained independence, is coming from any other country, has not gained independence, or has sold half a century.

Level 3

Every person has the right to life in this life, to freedom, and to ensure that he or she is safe.

Format 4

No one should be enslaved, or his or her duty should be tolerated; all forms of slavery and human trafficking.

Level 5

Money should not be given to anyone, or to have to carry out land, or to be held to be punished by his authority.

Level 6

Everyone has the right to be honoured as a human.

Level 7

Legislation is common, and should be ensured that everyone is safe and free. An accusation should not be made in anyone's case in case of a case not ratified by this agreement, or a motion to do something that this agreement does not permit.

Format 8

Everyone has the right to request that a court prosecute him for not being satisfied, whether he or she is a stubborn person against this agreement, or the State Constitution, or his right to law.

Format 9

No one should be arrested, or suspended, or a handgun is shot when a complaint is not made properly.

Format 10

Everyone has the right to a trial without a case, and to obey his full voice.

Level 11

If a person has a valid case of punishment, he or she should not be convicted on behalf of him, except for he or she has been tried in public, and he or she has been given every opportunity to defend himself properly as well.

A person should not be convicted and liable to a punishment if he does not do or do something according to the constitution or international law, provided that the accusation has not been passed. Nor should the punishment be greater than the law then.

Format 12

A person's secret, family, home, or relationship should not be tolerated either, nor should anyone be arrested. Everyone has the right to freedom of movement on behalf of these people.

Level 13

Everyone has the right to freedom of movement wherever he wishes, and also to live in whatever country he chooses.

Everyone has the right to leave a country, even his own country, and the right to return to his country again.

Level 14

Everyone has the right to flee from violence in another country.

This right is not enforced if this type of abuse is not rooted in federal politics, or it is a result of any act that conflicts with the purposes and procedures of the United Nations Party.

Level 15

Everyone has the right to be seen as a property belonging to a country.

A person should not be allowed a citizen's right to illegal possession, or prevent, him from converting to a Kumama.

Schedule 16

A race, or ethnicity, or religious affiliation should not hinder marriage to a parent. They have not married, are married or married, have gone through or have to be treated as equals.

The two will only accept it before they can get married.

Family is a national, and it is not good to preserve.

Level 17

Every person has a right to own his own property, or to have intercourse with another person.

Personal property should not be confiscated illegally.

Format 18

Each person has a right to their own decision on a concept and to participate in any religion he wishes. This authority also allows it to change its religion or belief, with the right to equality, or to bring others together for the sake of hearing his or her religion in practice, in practice and culture in public worship or private.

Level 19

Everyone has the right to think as he wishes and to inform. This authority also allows it to not allow anyone else to change their mind; and it may by any means seek, or receive, or inform a case or opinion from any state, how to use a border.

Platform 20

Every person has a right to belong to a party or to a party called for peace.

One should not be forced into contact with another.

Format 21

Every person has a right to belong to other people to his country, or to vote to stand up to another person.

Everybody has the right to win some of the national benefits of the public.

The will of the people will be based on the will of the people, and it shall be by a pure vote to set a period of time, and by which all are born privately, or by any other means of fraud.

Level 22

Every citizen has the right to ensure that he or she is safe and that he must have the right to be seen also his absolute status. Doing this would be a result of the country's efforts and interstate cooperation, and the stability of each country's organization and our own happiness; and likewise the economic, religious and cultural rights of a citizen would help to give homage to everyone.

Level 23

Everyone has the right to work, to serve his own interests, to be treated with justice in the business, and to ensure that his work is not done away with him as well.

People working together should have the same wage as they don't have.

Every worker must be compensated and fit for their work, to eat to them with his wife and children; and if possible, there will be some form of support for them.

Everyone has the right to leave, or to associate with a group of employees to find out hisher issues.

Level 24

Everyone has the right to rest, and he also enjoys dancing; and likewise should healm so long as he needs to be used, to pay back as well.

Level 25

Everyone has the right to life as well as get enough food, cooking, sleeping, treatment, and life, so that both he and his children can become healthy, and also if his work is lost, or he or she cannot see his health, or she is widowed, or he or she is widowed, or he or she is not aware of how to earn a living.

Mothers and children need special care and support. Every child needs to be sensitized on how to take a girl child or not to buy it.

Stage 26

Everyone has the right to education. No fees should be paid for this training, especially the beginning. Every person must be forced and at least graduate from primary school. Technical and technical institutions are open for everyone to access, and likewise all will have access to higher education, but this will depend on effort.

Education should be aimed at identifying knowledge in human beings complete but expressing the qualities within it, how to appreciate human beings. This will ensure peace and harmony among nations, as well as race and religion; and will also help the United Nations Party in peace.

Parents have a special responsibility to teach their children what education to have in school.

Stage 27

Everyone has the right to participate in the cultural and technical activities of his or her place, and it is also in the interest of secularism.

Every person has the right to make sure that someone is not hurt but has experience, writing, music responsibility and a piece of art that he has created himself.

Schedule 28

Everybody has the right to reside in a decentralised and interstate system: where the rights of this agreement are exercised are extinguished.

Level 29

Each person has a duty of responsibility to their community: only where to be free, to have complete education.

The only hindrance to the exclusion of the sole right and independence is the enactment of laws in order to give due respect to another's rights and freedoms, to remain in front and in peace.

There was no way that the opportunity and pursuit of this freedom was to stand up against the aims and objectives of the United Nations Party.

Level 30

This agreement should not be interpreted in any way as a state, or party, or any person has any right to do something that could damage the power behind these rights.