EMPLOYMENT IN CONSTITUTION

PHYCTYPE

Notably, equal participation by all human beings will be the basis for humanity's freedom, loyalty and stability in the world.

As it becomes clear that, disregard for the freedom of every human being will be the result of the prevalence of misogyny against humanity, people's conscience has come to oppose this evil practice so they are dedicated and determined that, in this modern world, man must live freely, without fear of his wishes, serve what he believes, abstain from the threat of life and not be a threat of necessity to the masses,

When it was established that, there was a need for law to happen to the Evidence of Human Liberty, that oppression and torture would not result in any person going to defend themselves by rebellion,

With the need for the development of international relations internationally,

When the United Nations pledges in their signed policy that, through the Evidence of Human liberties, the participation of every human being, whether female or male, is justified and it is expected that thus society will flourish, freedom will be available to everyone beyond the past and life will be better suited for everyone than ever,

When all states ratifying the Article of Evidence pledge to ensure that everyone fully respects the Declaration and the freedom of the people as well as by observing the order in accordance with the World Organization,

Since it is clear that a detailed understanding of participation and Liberty is the most important thing, for protecting this whole pledge,

LOCATION OF THE UNITED STATES IN THE GLOBAL:

This Proof of Human Freedom is, it is the system you have adopted for all people around the world. We hope that everyone and every world organization are everywhere following this Evidence. It will be disseminated worldwide by teaching and explaining. As a result, people will understand and accept the Evidence, follow suit for, good conduct within the United Nations Organization. The Declaration is expected to also be spread to the Overseas Territories that govern certain countries for success.

Article 1

All humans are born free and equal in appearance and share. Each has a mind and a conscience so they deserve to exist in full harmony.

Article 2

Everyone must participate in all the liberal provisions of the Evidence. These programs shall be implemented without distinction for its source, skin color, gender, language, creed, political affiliation, ideological diversity, childhood or special status.

Moreover, discrimination will not appear in any person's political affairs or in his or her national relations with other countries. Similarly, whether the person's nationality is a state-in-state, regardless of whether a sovereign state or state, no discrimination will continue to apply to him.

Article 3-TEMPLE

Everyone must live in freedom and security.

Article 4

No one will be enslaved or enslaved, slavery and slave trade will be forced in various ways.

Article 5

A person shall not be tortured, put on hold, shall have no vengeance upon him, shall be punished and shall be humiliated.

Article 6

Everyone will be widely respected as a human under the law.

Article 7

All people are equal in the application of the law and all shall be involved in the legal defence in the absence of discrimination.

Article 8

Everyone in federal courts has participation in reform reforms relating to their problems of liberty as they are in the constitution.

Article 9

No one will be arrested too violently, forced into custody, or deported.

Article 10

Equality of participation in each defendant and lead him to the federal court, where impartial impartial prosecutions will be introduced through his statements regarding his or her participation, his duties and all forms of contempt.

Article 11

No offender shall be considered for an event by recording to him under the law of his or her country or other countries if that law did not exist in the person's fault case.

No offender shall be considered for any act outside of the laws of any state or any of the states in the world in which the case occurred. Similarly, no more explicit punishment shall be given than the person's fault in the world.

Article 12

No one has the right to interfere in someone else's privacy, family, or home life. No one has the right to know any way about someone's or other communication issues. Similarly, no one has the right to spoof or damage another person's reputation. The law allows someone to take this kind of action to defend themselves against exercising the law freely.

Article 13

Everyone has a right to visit any country, anywhere they want to, but the person should make sure that he does not cross the boundaries of the country where he lives.

Everyone has the right to leave their country or another country and return to their home country.

Article 14

Everyone, who has a war to another country, has an opportunity to find refuge.

This approach will not be denied when it comes to tracking mistakes that are not politically motivated or contrary to the policies of the World Federation.

Article 15

Citizenship shareholding.

No one shall hold citizenship by force, nor shall any person who wishes to return to another state be prevented.

Article 16

There is a chance for mature men and women to marry the spouse to marry the one who is good for them. Origins, orientation or religion will not be a hindrance. There is equal chance for them to get married. Similarly, they can also freely rebuff each other.

Marriage will not be forced on anyone. Marriage must be the desire of the two couples.

In nature, family is the foundation of humanity, so it is the mandate of every nation to address the issues of family security.

Article 17

There is a chance that one person can have property and be reunited with that person and others in town.

No one's property will be taken for granted.

Article 18

Everyone has a free way of thinking, exercising their conscience as they please and serving in a worthy manner. This method of freedom means that a person can renounce their faith and still serve the other things he or she has agreed to. Similarly, he only expected to be independent or associate with others in religions. He will educate on what he serves in secret or openly by all means without hindrance.

Article 19

Everyone has a right of self-determination and freedom of expression. This privilege includes free self-determination. This means that no one is entitled to participate in this event. It also includes a way to listen to others and how to inform others and contribute to the dissemination of ideas leaked from any form of publicity. In these shows, even borders will not be jamming.

Article 20

Access to freedom of assembly and peaceful association, is available to all.

No one will be forced to belong to an organization.

Article 21

Participation by any citizen in his or her national government. It may be his or her own choice to represent them in a vote.

There is equal access for every citizen to participate in receiving grants that are indeed granted by government to all citizens.

Each government has a column of power in its citizens. This power will be expressed on special issues through well-organised nominations. In these votes, all eligible citizens will enter the box privately or by using an alternative voting method approved.

Article 22

Social and security participation is available for every citizen. Every citizen needs to get this clearly identified by the expertise of his or her country's integration with the dialects. Similarly, it is also necessary to know about the financial, social and cultural benefits his country receives from other countries for him as a citizen and the honor and constructiveness of his or her other peers.

Article 23

Free access to work for everyone. Everyone will choose the activity that is best for them. He will pursue his career satisfaction and actively advocate for his lack of employment.

Access to one type of prizes for a variety of services everywhere, is available to everyone, without exception.

Access to a good wage is available to everyone. As a result, the employee will be able to successfully control himself, his wife and children as they successfully try to live a successful life. And even if it is absolutely necessary, it will be supported as a social benefit.

Everyone has the right to create a professional organization or join any already established community for advocating their success strategies.

Article 24

There is a chance for anyone who is a government employee to be granted rest by granting him leave on specific issues but paying him a high wage. No money will be taken from his paycheck for the problems he had not been at work.

Article 25

There is an opportunity for everyone to keep their health, personal, wife and children safe by acquiring the necessary forms of food, artwork, construction, medical care, and other forms of social support. If a person does not have an activity, he or she has the chance of being killed or disabled, killed or killed by his or her spouse or the chief or chief who will not be able to do anything on his or her own, they will be given help.

Children and children should be provided with special care and support. Children who have been separated by parents should be cared for in a negotiated manner before and without parental consent must be cared for in a variety of ways.

Article 26

There is an opportunity for everyone to receive training. These courses will be won free at primary schools. People should be forced into primary school education. There must be an opportunity for training in special arts and services. For education, those with the ability will be allowed access to these educational institutions.

Education should be aimed at building every human being for his or her entire life. The human race, satisfaction and foundation of its freedom must also see progress by respecting this foundation. This will lead to understanding, encouragement and friendship among all the countries, languages and faith groups. This will lead to the actions of the United Nations Organization for the development of peace around the world.

Parents have the right to freely choose what kind of education their children want to adopt.

Article 27

Daily engagement is available for everyone. This means that, there is an opportunity for everyone to participate in the benefits also derived from natural intelligence and art activities.

There is a chance to defend a person's creativity by exercising law. This invention can be the artifact of any type of literary, composition or design of the person's own hands.

Article 28.

There is a complete presence of everyone in their domestic organizations or foreign organizations with people's privileges and the articles of freedom we have suspended in this Article.

Article 29

Participation in domestic development projects does not have the same eyes for every citizen where its liberty and full humanity are facilitated.

Everyone has to be in their privilege and liberty functions as a person who will comply with the prevailing norms of law for the purpose of knowing and respecting the interests and liberties of others that lead to a high degree of well-being, tranquility and satisfaction, at the well-established events of the like populations.

Opportunity and freedom work should not be performed in methods separate from the purposes and interests of the United Nations.

Article 30

No one should interpret anything in this Article as belonging to a specific state. It is not possible for any quorum or individual to present it as an opportunity to perform an event or take action that would harm the participation and means of liberty enumerated in this Article.