ADASAMMA LIVING OF THE LIVING AREA

BARBER/CIRCUM

Whereas humanity has seen that, if we think, respect, respect, and respect that will ensure freedom, justice and peace in the world,

This lack of respect and respect for humanity led to hatred and cruelty, and it has alarmed people from bringing up new lives, raising awareness that they have the right to freedom of expression, and that they have the right to work and not to need it, and because they have declared this to be the basic purpose of people’s dreams,

This is because, it should not happen that a person will commit suicide with some actions that are the ultimate actions, through which he or she may be able to combat prejudice and prejudice, while the law protects the rights of humanity.

Since friendship is important in a community,

Whereas the people of the United Nations have emphasized their faith in the Constitution, that the dignity of man and the value of the service is not limited and equal to that of man and woman, and that they have built upon the ground, to make life possible, and that people can live as brothers in chains,

Whereas various member states of the United Nations have pledged to ensure that everyone has the right to freedom and security,

Given that having a positive understanding of the meaning of human well-being and independence will make our pledge come true,

The board of directors

declare:

It is foreseeable that:

These expressions of the Charter of Human Rights, which will be limited to one basic measure, are available to all peoples and nations, and shall be made known to all parties and societies, shall be decried, promulgated, recognised, governed, and disseminated through the heart of their own countries and other countries the functions of the United Nations and all the countries under their control.

Article 1.

All people are equal. Everybody was created by mind and intelligence. because of that, everyone should love, respect, respect and respect each other.

Article 2.

The word of the good news is in existence with no distinction. Regardless of whether black or white, female or male. The language spoken by a person, church affiliations, political affiliations, funerals, property ownership, and so on is not uncommon in this regard.

In addition, we must not completely ignore the issue of nationality, culture, culture, culture, religion, culture, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, and religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, religion, and religion,

Article 3.

Everyone has the right to live in peace and freedom without harm and slander.

Article 4.

No one should eat man's food. Slavery is a trade that must be completely eradicated.

Article 5.

No human being should be subjected to torture in some way. Or he may approach another person's riverhole in a way that allows them to draw water to his face.

Article 6.

For everyone to go out before the law anywhere, he has to be recognized as a person.

Article 7.

All people are equal before the law. All people are protected by law without discrimination. In law, we are in charge of everyone.

Article 8.

If a person violates some of these laws against another, they are entitled to treat them lawfully according to the law.

Article 9.

Not everyone should be arrested for seeing. No one should be arrested or taken for immunization.

Article 10.

In case of a case in which a person is found guilty of a crime and sent to trial, those who will be tried must be found guilty, when not guilty. The court must be completely free of charge.

Article 11.

When someone is held on, thereby, they can't get the chanced upon, and yet they don't find out the truth, we assume that the person has not done that wrong, unless they lawfully go into the case, find out that he or she is guilty. Even if he is brought to trial, he has the right to seek any help he can get to train later.

No one is allowed to impose an inappropriate sentence on a person on a crime committed during the absence of that law on the basis of a constitution or international law. And in the event that there was a punishment before another severe punishment earlier than the previous, the punishment he committed had to be the same as the one to be punished and to be punished.

Article 12.

A person should not commit suicide through shaming, slander, or slander. No one should reveal his name. Laws protect everyone so that nothing can stop him from doing what is right.

Article 13.

Everyone has the right to movement, to live in any country.

Everyone has the right to leave any country, including their country, and return to their country.

Article 14.

When a person is being bullied, it is his or her responsibility to flee to a mining town in another country to defend himself there.

A person who commits a felony regardless of political or anti-establishment of the Commonwealth of Nations does not have the right to be protected by this law against that offence.

Article 15.

It's up to everyone to be able to move to another country.

No one can control himself, just change someone's mind. A person who wants to change their background is, in fact, obliged to change without any hindrance.

Article 16.

It is the responsibility of adult men and women, the head of the family, to have children, when their personality, background and religion do not allow them for marriage or divorce.

if the marriage is about to take place, unless the couple agree, it is up to them to get married.

The father-in-law, mother-in-law's foundation of the family is the foundation of kinship relationships, and the responsibility of the family is for the protection of the community.

Article 17.

Every person is obliged to own his/her property. He can also share with others to get property.

A person's property should not be taken away with shaming or unlawful actions.

Article 18.

Every person is obliged to pay attention, mind his or her mind, to any church he or she desires. This ability allows one to change one's beliefs in public or private without any barriers, and also regardless of whether they are popular or conservative.

Article 19.

It's the duty of every person to be able to express his opinion on something when there is no hindrance. Also, anyone can direct or promote a person's opinion, regardless of whether he or she is a citizen or a foreigner.

Article 20.

Every person is obliged to belong to a peace movement. It is also clear that some people are able to meet together properly.

No one should pressure anyone into an arbitrary crowd.

Article 21.

Each person is obliged to make a statement in his or her own words. The bird can walk in a straight direction or through a clear election.

Every person has the right to everything that the government of his country does, to his or her own and to his or her own.

The desire of the people should be carried out by their government. This function is carried out by no-minority voting, for one person to be seen in fellow elections, and every person who is eighteen years of age.

Article 22.

Every citizen is obliged to protect each citizen. Every citizen must be happy by virtue of a state's strength or federation that has been created by that state and a foreign country, to the best of the country's economy, crops and a culture that can make a person happy.

Article 23.

Every person is obliged to work. All work that everybody wants to do should not come true. The law should not protect employees from exposure, ensuring their well-being in their work.

The same role as a person has a right to pay back and must be compensated without discrimination.

It is the responsibility of every person to carry out whatever work he wants, to receive his/her own and to pay his/her salaries that can bring him and his/her partner and children happiness, as humans, and when it becomes completely dry, the government supports him/her in some way to protect himself from a crisis.

Every person is obliged to belong to or belong to a group of armed forces to secure his or her employment or personal property.

Article 24.

It's up to every person to do a job, get a break, and be able to work for some time. Sometimes the individual is allowed to eat the food they are paid for.

Article 25.

Every person is obliged to have a sense of security in their life, including his/her spouse and children. The causes of feelings of relief for the family or the family include food, clothing, housing, medical care and all the needs of a human being, and even in the event that a person becomes unemployed or disabled, or becomes pregnant, or become pregnant, or whatever causes problems for his or her life without his or her fault, it is his or her responsibility to have a decent life.

Mothers, especially children and children, should be given special support. The child who gets married in good faith is the one who, as a stepchild, all are children that need constant care and attention without discrimination.

Article 26.

Every person is obliged to attend school to study literature. The childhood education is a starting point for education without paying a loan at all. It is compulsory for any child to attend some of the primary schools. More technology and communication should be open, and if one is to succeed, one has to continue at a university, while there is no discrimination.

The most important benefit of learning is learning to succeed in life, recognize its responsibility, and understand its importance more fully. In that case, it will enable understanding, tolerance and friendship among all nations and nations, natural and religious sectors, to contribute to the achievement of the goals of the United Nations towards peace on a global scale.

It's the first of all parents to teach their children the same lesson in the future.

Article 27.

Every person is obliged to live up to his/her culture, participate in all activities, and also benefit from the mission of Science.

It is the duty of every person who has written or acted on his or her own name to ensure that the nation protects him or her and does not change his/her character.

Article 28.

Every person is obliged to live in peace with happiness and happiness in his or her country or other country, in order to honour the rest of the United Nations Community Declaration.

Article 29.

Every person is obliged to contribute his or her strength and intelligence to the extent possible, because that is where he or she can do it.

Although everyone has to control themselves, do what it will to protect themselves, and in order to avoid the happiness that brings trouble to their clients, every person has to obey the laws of his country or association, to ensure the well-being of many political actors.

One should not underestimate these responsibilities and freedoms policies for their actions and wishes of the United Nations.

Article 30

This Ordinance was not taken care of by a state or group of people. As a result, it is not necessary for anyone to take action based on this Declaration, to take action against the good intentions of the human dignity and its independence of the United Nations.