COURTSHIP IN DAGBON AND NATIONAL AND NATIONA

BARBER/CIRCUM

Truly, if any part of life is to go to such-and-such a place that I go to counsellors and counsellors so that they leave off wandering astray. Again, it is not right that there should be any hole in their meat. After that, it no longer has any use for the disabled who are in prison. These are some of the things that when I give birth to a new mother, I will not give birth to a new mother. If a blind person looks into a blood-vessel which is in this book and there is no doubt in his/her mind that there is no blame for it but for the death of a chief among them. If there should be a conflict of interest, there should be no pen and there is no pen.

What will make the skin and the cloth that we wear to dance our smocks and everyone will run away from his path; we should make a covenant with our heart and we must make a covenant with our whole mind and we have every part in this book. The places that are in this book are also those that help themselves to be successful and do good to all men.

The Tribe-Torms of the earth which they call Yinadi Neishins take hold of hand in a paper bag so that they all the names of their names may be inspired by their angels in heaven and on earth. In the house of the poor, a woman is not greater than a man, and a man is not greater than a woman. They're all the same. That is why they want to believe that there is joy in our midst and we graduate from each other, and no matter what happens to us. Which is greater, the place where this book is intended for anyone to write a book, and everyone must read it carefully and carefully.

So, now,

General Assembly of Commons

we have no information, for we are all here everyday.

These are the garments that are on the leatherfloors.

he will cause the earth to be a source of strength to everybody. Each person, to collect as much as he needs to make a copy of this book as he needs to make a copy of it, and to make an adze-blade-blade-blade-blade-blade: long drum, righteousness-line, right-handed, left-handed, left-handed, and right-handed. But these are the things that you have been forced to do.

N-om 1

A human being. Life is unfair to everybody, it is bad. There is peace for everyone, but there is peace. Have patience let no longer be lacking in anyone else. So shows that, indeed, it has been necessary for us all to come to agreement.

I'm 2 years old.

All the regulations in this book are that which make for the good of the believers to go to life. No one should interfere with his colleague. It is not good for a young lion to be picked up and picked up by its beaks; the man should not look down on his wife; neither should anyone give her the slave that is prepared for her to give to each other because of her strength. No one should think that he will live or die on his own account or be buried alive because of his evil desires.

After this no one should look down upon his neighbour’s good soil. The person who puts on a lot of weight and can only look at the blood-vessels that are still in the presence of a person and not in the presence of a person.

I have 3

No one has ever said that he has done something that is impossible and there is no place where he has been. It is important that there should be a leak in everyone's house without a wall.

I-Nassah 4

No matter how small a human being is, he can take his own child for his child; because the fear of God is great. For this reason, it is a sin to sell a slave or buy a slave.

N-nu 5

Law-abiding no longer applies to any person who is immoral or greedy in the eyes of a blessed person.

N-yobu 6

With respect to the law of the world, or to the law of the world, there is no way that they can choose a husband, and choose a wife. A bracelet looks nice on the right arm and also on the left arm.

N-seven

Bring me here to the drinking-trough, the matter which has been discussed. A judgement is just, it does not go ahead.

N-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n. 8

Where the wedding is taking place, it is the first one and the last one's; because we are all-in-laws.

N-ewite 9

A curse is enough for a weak man to become wise, or to enter his room, or to drive him back to the town of his ancestors, he knows where the town is and there is no place for it to be.

10 p.m.

The law also shows that there is no way in which a person has a right to give a gift to a soul who takes its place where there is no crime, they don’t take her in public and they don’t take her in public.

hadn't I done it 11 years ago?

If a blind person is dilated, when confronted with a veil, a strong person is better than the one who is waling over his own head, I am looking for a lawyer and they stand behind him; and only the one who can see that is a strong person.

Laws again say that it is impossible for a person to be in a confused state and that it no longer does wrong in a place where he lives; or the place where they are in this book. If a person does something and breaks the law, they punish him for breaking the law and says that they should do to him according to the law.

12 p.m.

Laws also teach that there is no way, under a law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding people, and they require their understanding of the law-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-a-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-a-awe-a-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-a-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-a-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-a-awe-awe-awe-a-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-a-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-awe-apar-a. Or the man's-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-aself-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-awe-awe-awe-a-a-a-a-a-awe-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-awe-awe-a-a-a-aself-aself-awe-awe-a-a-a-a-aself-aself-aself-a-a The place where this book stands is not after one person but after another.

13 p.m.

Laws again show that every person has a bad way of causing his/her death in some of the places where he/she stands.

Everyone has the power to go out of his house, I go into the towns and save his house and there is no problem.

piano 14

The places where they are there teach that a person has a way of causing his/her life to be saved and a town where he/she has been killed can save him/her.

Indeed, if anyone takes after this opportunity to go to such-and-such a place in his country or in his own country. On the other hand, he will take over all the good things he has, so that he will possess them.

Pinau 15

Law that is here and there teachs that a person has power which is in accordance with the will of his own nations.

Do not be hard-hearted or tight-fisted toward anyone who has power that he can count himself in any of the tribes to come into his heart.

16 pineapple

The Law has made it plain that every man and woman should have the right to marry; but as for a new wife, she has the power to give birth to a young man and the young man and the young man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the young man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man and the man and the strong man and the strong man and the man and the strong man and the man and the strong man and the strong man and the strong man also think that he are strong man and the strong man. Just as the one who is in a crowd helps a crowd, it also helps the pregnant woman.

Law-abiding another law-abiding another law-abiding another law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding another law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding another law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding another law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding law-abiding another law-abiding another law-abiding law-abiding another law-abiding another law-abiding other law-abiding another law-abiding other law-abiding other law-abiding people. Where there is faith, a man has the right to command his wife.

Law also shows that if a man and a woman come together to form my kingdom. That is why, in the middle of the day, they will have a man and a woman.

17 p.m.

A person has the ability to pull out his wealth or things that are in addition to himself and to enter into sin.

The problems of the world who go against the desires of one person, there is no way they can lead a person to sin.

Pissaikyika 18

Be careful because there is no way that a person can beat a fellow. Each person has his own way of serving the desires and desires of the world. If he/she is in a bad mood again, he/she also has the ability to drive away the things that are in his/her wisdom. Limama-meem has a way of improving their quality and praising God despite their wrongs.

19 p.m.

Law is also encouraged that every fellow should have authority over his own anger, and should not kill the place where he desires, if it is not something illegal.

Pishi 20

Whoever accepts gifts, this book strengthens them and covers the back of it.

There is no way that a person doesn’t have any sense of humor and no one is able to get rid of his strength and make him fall into it.

Pish-in-uni-21

Put me in charge of all the people in the city at any time, there is no way and it serves no purpose, because a general counsellor is better than it.

Whatever the number of all the nations on earth, that is to say. their consciences have been trained.

This book also strengthens the arrest if you hold the actual election and hold the arrest that will take place in my office.

Pishi-ni-two

Law has made it necessary that each person has a road that leads to his own place; because they have made the land unclean by the hand of everyone. Because of this, the people of the land are the fortunes of the land, and no one is concerned about it.

Pishi-ni-thousand 23

The reasons for this book are that each one does what he/she desires, so long as he/she does what is right in the eyes of his/her own. Everybody had the opportunity to live a quiet life for him.

What a person desires is what is not right, it has no place and no one can draw it back.

Any work should be done to ensure that he has suffering and how much he has been paid for his work and how much he has been paid and how much he has been sucked by his hand and how he has been sucked for his work.

All the people of the land have power, because of the way of help, that stands firm in their own meeting, in the name of God, and in the name of their God, and in the name of their God.

Pishi-ni-four

Laws also teach that each person should rest at his own pace until the time he or she does work, then play or waste the time.

Pishi-ni-five

Laws also teach that their taking over life is in the hands of everyone. For this reason, everybody has the ability to make a good living; because you are worth everything. Everyone has the ability to feel the flowers in his or her own body, because of the way of the house, and everything that is good and also the way of life. Use me as yours, as your disease, as your disease, as your weakness, as your weakness, and all the things in the world that are in the world, which are in this book, to help everyone.

Take me to the place of the child and its mother; everyone knows that producing a child is difficult, so, for every child, he/she should know all the things that had been written in this book that had been given to the child since the beginning of the month and so the country's hands had no authority over them, neither had any authority over them.

26 Pishi-ni-six-six

Laws also teach that every human being has a right to be educated. It is the government that in the power to pay school children who have not yet been paid a fine; and yet have not read it far away, over all. It is importasnt that everyone should victimize his/her child's school. Enlightenment in school is not lacking in any village that follows those who are on their backs, and they are studying me well.

These are the things that have been said about this book: that it may be well that every wisdom adds to the light of the people, and show the respect and joy of the children and the respect of their homes and the love of their homes and the respect of their elders, and that we may hear the words of the elders, and that there may be peace among all the peoples of the world, and that there may be peace among all the nations, and that there may be peace among them, and that there may be peace among them, and that there may be peace in the whole world.

They know that mother-in-law has power to give birth to a child. The places where they are located show that children know how to celebrate and that the law strengthens everything.

Pishi-ni-seven

Whoever wants to do something and to do something about his or her own problem, or something about which he or she has done something wrong, there is no reason for it to do so.

Whoever does good to me for his knowledge, and whoever also does good to me for his blessing, there is no reason for me to look up to it.

Pixa-two-two-28

All the places in this booklet are our inheritance, so everyone can drink the bark of it.

Pixa-ibi-ibi 29

Where there are many people, everyone has his/her way of supporting and helping him/her, and his/her life has no value.

There is no way that anyone can say that he has no control over himself. If there is a problem, and they are going to find out the problem, what the law says is better than what it says, that my name may be done in vain.

There is no way that anyone can get hold of it and then gets hold of it in such a book that he writes down the love of God, or the love of God, in that small book.

Pixa 30

That everyone should be given an inheritance because they have no part in this building, and because they no longer have any part in it. So, somewhere where there are many people, or people, for the sake of the country. So each one of you should listen attentively to the sound of the horn that is put on him.