ADASA ND

JEYI JEYIA

Because their dignity is equal and they are not taken for granted by the people of this world is the independence, equality, justice and peace;

Because the reason why we abuse people's cooking has caused confusion, and they have also announced a coming world in which people will be independent in language, belief, fear and need as the main needs of the people as a whole,

Because there is an urgent need that we don't want to enforce the laws on cooking,

Because there is a need to promote relations between countries and countries,

Because all the United Nations member of the United Nations has received the book of the French, they have received their believe in the divine power of divine intervention, the glory and worth of the human being, and the equality of men and women and have been determined to promote social progress and stability,

Due to the fact that the United Nations member countries have made it known that they would work hand in hand with the Union to look for a public presence for three years of naming and gestation rights.

The team will come to the GHCAST.

In part, it says:

Now, now.

The NDASA ND

Article 1

They are all born free, and they are all the same in glory and glory. They were all given thought and conscience, and their communication practices must prove that they are brothers.

Article 2

There is no doubt about the rights and rights set out in this magazine that take it for granted by one's lineage or body as it is, whether it is a boy or a woman, whose language is spoken, her religious life, her political views, her country or social standing, her parents' position, or any other other status.

Also, they should not tolerate the political, legal, or cultural status of a country as the country owns its own district, under the leadership of a particular country, or does not have the freedom, be partial against the person.

Article 3

The body's life, its independence, and its richness are all human consumption.

Article 4

They should not put anyone in exile or give him religious service; he or she should completely reject rituals and slave trade.

Article 5

Not everyone should be treated with torture, torture or anarchy or be charged with any punishment which has destroyed his reputation as a slave.

Article 6

It is public cooking that, by law, it is regarded as a person anywhere.

Article 7

All people are equal before the law, and all are entitled to the guidance and guidance of the law. Anyone has the right to be maintained by the law against any of the other issues of the Media, with every hand seen by a person who does so as to be disrespectful.

Article 8

Anyone who has committed a crime against his or her legal and political act, he/she should be entitled to a proper remedy or compensation by the court.

Article 9

One should not be arrested for

Article 10

Anyone has the right to sit with the unstooled judges of the council to make a thorough investigation about the charges of theft, fraud, or crime.

Article 11

Anyone who has been charged with meat intestines should report that he has been found guilty until, he has been convicted for any way he needs to keep it clean, and has been convicted according to law.

Not everyone should be found guilty and charged with any act that doesn't conflict with the law. And this should not be made to blame someone who is mistaken about him or her.

Article 12

A person should not be intentionally engaged in sexual acts, family affairs or practices; or he or she should be sacked for his or her reputation and reputation. It is public cooking that law protects it against practices like this.

Article 13

It's everyone's cooking as a umbrella and he lives in any part of a country on his own land.

It is public cooking that she comes from every country ( including her country) and returns to her country.

Article 14

Everyone has the right to seek and get leadership in a country from abuse.

These rituals should not be asked about any crime committed by me or against the United Nations policy in any case.

Article 15

Every person has the right to be a citizen of a country.

A person should not be made to lose his or her identity, or be allowed to change his or her identity.

Article 16

He is young men and women who have come from smoking to marry and give birth to children, and such as birth, culture or religion does not prevent this from doing this. Both men and women who are married are equivalent during the marriage period to the marriage.

The only thing that matters to the marriage is the desire of the two parties who are married.

Owun, wife and children unite as a group of people from every group of people, and it is their naming ceremony as part of the community and the nation's security.

Article 17

Every person has the right to own property alone, or to share with other people to acquire that property.

A person's property should not be taken out of his or her right hand.

Article 18

Every person has a right to make his or her opinion, he or she carries it with his or her own palm fronds, which applies to any religious group he or she likes. Part of these practices are how every person has to change his or her religion or belief and how he or she has made his or her faith known in public or in small spaces, either alone or among other people in this.

Article 19

One has a right to express his views on something. What is part of these cooking is that everyone can make their mind on something with no meaning. Another example is that he was able to or listen or listen to any opinion which is in every way based on the location, and also let some people live.

20th issue

Everyone has the right to attend peaceful gatherings, and to belong to every beautiful group.

Not everyone should be forced into any kind of party.

Article 21

It's everyone's cooking that is cooked to treat her country as she owns a king, or that she is in a pool of water to appoint representatives.

It is the responsibility of everyone to participate in the highest number of countries in his country.

The government should be able to control the will of the citizenry. Similarly, because of the clear elections he was being voted on time, the people who have voted against the voters have to vote in small spaces with no force.

Article 22

individually, as a member of the public, there is a awareness that the country protects its well being. They should use the country's effort, or the contribution of that country to ensure the well being of every citizen as the country's economy, social and cultural powers that give it glory.

Article 24

Every person has the right to cook as a worker. She is a trader who is responsible for the work she wants to do, and she is a trader to be given a good business arrangement, and is maintained from housekeeping.

It is the responsibility of everyone to be given a reasonable salary for their work, including social distancing.

Anyone who works has the right and the right salary to enjoy a suitable life with their families and, even if it is necessary, they must support the salary system.

It is everyone's cooking that reduces or reduces a group of workers' trees to protect their well being.

Article 24

Everyone has the right to rest and leisure; when it is organized, it goes beyond work, and opportunities when they pay the employee's rent is also involved.

Article 25

Every person has the right to enjoy the benefits of living with his or her families that will improve their well-being, food, clothing, shelter, medical and social conditions.

It's also everyone's cooking that, if he loses his job, he's sick, he gets some exercise, his partner's death, old age, or something makes him blind, he's living a happy life. Women and girls are all supposed to be given special support. All children, whether born in marriage or born in the community, should be given the right opportunity to live a normal life.

Article 26

It is up to everyone to cook to see a book. Children's education and primary education such as this should not be taken for granted. It's the responsibility of every child to have a child education. Technology should be given, and technical education and technical education should be plenty. Education at the university should be conducted in a way that is allowed by all who do their best.

The aim of all education should be to examine the development and growth of the people as a result of the increased respect for their products. He should promote understanding, transparency and unity among all countries, tribes and religious groups; and will support the United Nations's efforts to promote peace.

Parents have the responsibility to educate their children about one education that they need to get.

Article 27

Everyone has the right to participate in the culture of their country and enjoy the benefits of the country's natural resources and to participate in the development of science and income.

Each person has a resource that comes from science, education, or resources, a product that has caused the creation of the resource to become part of his or her security.

28th issue

Anyone has the right to take part in social or international policies highlighting the rights and rights set forth in this campaign.

Article 29

Everyone has responsibility in the human society in which they live; there is the only place where there can be successful progress without obstacles.

While practicing one's trade and rights, one must do what is required by the law so that others also benefit from their rights and rights. He should get it to live a just and honest life and act as he has learned the art of democracy.

They should not resort to any form of violence against the United Nations system in order to seek for these rights and rights.

Article 30

No one should translate this magazine's statements that would allow the country, group or individual to do something that would destroy consumption and the various rights listed in this book.