FREEDOM AND JUSTICE REPUBLIC OF GHANA

ASANTE TWI

2023 UNITED STATES of the UNITED STATES

A description of the 2023 National Children's Financial Plan is short and easy to understand

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

2 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

How Citizens can ask questions

The 2023 National Economic Strategy Anodism and the National Children's Economy can be found in the following press release:

www.mofep.gov.gh

If you also want a quantity of these books, please go to the Ministry of Finance's public relations office.

Public Relations Office

New Building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or 003

P. O. Box MB 40

Accra Ghana

Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

Translated by: Bureau of Ghana Languages

3 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

4 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Its content

ANODICE of the Minister ........................................................... 7

I know ........................................................... 9

What is happening in the world and what is happening in the year 2022........................................................................................13

In the year 2023 there will be a celebration of the celebration of the celebration of the celebration of the birthdays of the people ............................................................................18

The most important factor in the health and wellbeing of these people is their health and wellbeing................................................................................................................23

AIEE.......................................................................................................42

SYKASEM ASAKYER (SYKASEM ASAKYER IN SYKASEM ASAKYER).......................43

The number of tables:

Table 1: The amount of money that came into the picture from January to January in 2022, page 14

Table 2: The amount of work we have done with money from January to January in 2022 .........15

Table 3: According to the country's budget (2018 January, 2022) .........16

Table 4: The total amount of money in 2023 (in GH¢ Million) ........................21

Table 5: Cash ratio in 2023 (in GH¢ Million) .....................22

5 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Now because the price of oil cannot stand still and our financial burden is falling and the prices of raw materials and oil have risen in the global economy, we are in great difficulty. These have caused the price of our financial services to drop very much and have caused economic hardship to the people.

5 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

A FAMILY ANODISM

There is no doubt that this year will be the year when this country went through the most severe financial crisis in our history.As happened in other countries around the world, the COVID-19 pandemic affected us in the first half of 2020 that caused the economy to slow down to reduce the amount of money coming from national photography and we also made unforeseen expenses against this pandemic.

When we started taking steps on the Good Change Plan and thought that now, we were trying to avoid the consequences of this disease and other problems would occur, so that all the factors contributing to the stability of the economy that we had compared well from 2017 to 2019 would have collapsed. Then, for about ten years, suddenly the Public Credit Union Administration did not want to give us loans, the borrowing situation in this country also became chaotic so that interest rates rose so much that as the borrowing costs increased, our financial burden continued to decrease.

This means that while the foreign currency we get from the international debt market is less than the money from the products we export, and then because we want the best foreign goods, the foreign currency we export is also increasing, and the foreign debt we export is also increasing, and the weight of our money is also increasing. This has made life difficult for both the government and the private sector.

We have gone through a very tough test and the Government is aware of the problems this situation has brought to you.

7 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

who play a leading role in politics, including the following: Parliamentarians, Employers, Employers, Life Insurance, Religious Insurance, Ghana Industrial Insurance, Ghana Business Insurance, Academic Insurance, Professional Insurance and Citizens who still believe in us while we continue to solve these problems.

On behalf of Prime Minister Nana Addo Danquah Akuffo-Addo, I pledge to all Ghanaians that the Government is undertaking various initiatives to help strengthen the stability of the country's economy and to boost the country's economy, we can invest in the national economy, we have implemented measures to reform government services, we have expanded access to technology and infrastructure, we have controlled the importation of unnecessary goods into this country, we have increased exportation of products, we have expanded domestic production of some of the products we produce from abroad in this country and then we have created charity for those who are not paid for them. and the protection of life.

The experience we have gained from the current situation has shown us that it is very important that we make changes to change this nation's economy so that it can last forever. We will stand on our feet again.

God bless us!

Ken Ofori-Atta

Minister for Finance

8 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge

1. The 2023 National Children's Economic Plan is a summary of the work done by the Government in 2022 and the amount of money that the Government expects to receive to develop its programs and activities in 2023.

2. in the same year, almost every new Economic Plan we make, we plan new mining projects to do in it, we turn our eyes away from what is going on. this situation is not only causing difficulties in our economy but it has also caused this country to continue to pay for mining costs that have caused mining costs to rise sharply since the costs that we should have paid for mining on the day of the accident have also increased.

3. In 2023, the Government will make other plans and activities, but we will make sure that it is our priority to complete all the projects that are going on.

9 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

WHEN the national budget is in the year 2022

What is the foundation of the national economy?

4. In the 2022 Mid-Year Fiscal Policy Review, the Government set out to achieve the following foundations for national economic growth in 2022:

i. three percent of the total output of this country and seven percent (Overall Real GDP growth of 3.7 percent);

ii. The country's output, excluding Fango, is four per cent first three times (Non-Oil Real GDP Growth rate of up to 4.3 per cent);

iii. End-period inflation of 28.5 percent;

iv. We will have more money than we have - six percent and then six percent (Overall fiscal deficit of 6.6 percent of GDP);

v. The amount of money that should be included in our picture - zero percent and four percent (Primary surplus of 0.4 percent of GDP); and

vi. The amount of foreign currency that we need to acquire for life is about three months.

5. The changes in the national economic standards from January to the end of 2022 show that the effects of the current crisis in the rest of the world and in this country are continuing to be felt by the public. This situation is related to the country's declining budget weight, commodity prices, unbalanced expenses, unstable financial system and unstable external finances. All these have brought problems to us regardless of the system of transportation. The government's report on the country's economy from January to February 2022 was as follows:

i. The total output of this country reached zero to four percent in 2022 in the first six months compared to the same period in 2021 which was three percent and nine percent respectively;

10 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

ii. Commodity prices rose from thirty-three per cent in the first nine months of October (33.9 per cent in August) and thirty-seven per cent in the second two months of September (37.2 per cent in September) to forty per cent in October (40.4 per cent in October) in 2022 with prices of crops and food and other commodities rising;

iii. The amount of money we will need to invest increased by seven and four per cent respectively (Overall budget deficit on cash basis was 7.4 per cent of GDP) against a target of 6.2 per cent of GDP, and then the amount of money we have exceeded by two per cent (primary deficit was 2.0 per cent of GDP) against a target of a deficit of 1 per cent of GDP). What caused us to overpay is that we have borrowed a large amount of debt that was left over from 2021 and also a number of years of debt that is the same as the time we are now borrowing;

iv. The country's share of total imports is seventy-five per cent in the month of January in 2022, which was seventy-six per cent in the month of January in 2021, and this is due to the declining prices and impacts of our currency;

V. The country's foreign exchange reserves reached five hundred ninety-one million U.S. dollars and two thirds at the end of September, which could be transferred for two months and nine days in 2022 and nine hundred and sixty-five million U.S. dollars and two thirds at the end of October, 2021 which could then be transferred for four and three months;

vi. The strength of the Ghanaian currency in the U.S. currency fell by fifty-four percent and two years later, which was only four percent and one good year later at the end of October in 2021, similarly, the strength of the Ghanaian currency in the Enyiresi currency also fell by forty-eight percent and two years later

11 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

five which was three per cent and one per cent later at the end of October in 2021.

12 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

A SICKA OF THE PRESIDENT'S PHOTOS and the work that will take place in 2022

6. In the six months of 2022, we made changes to the financial system because the world economy and the country's economy were in chaos.

7. The changes in the Government's financial progress from January to December 2022 show that the money coming from government finances is very low and the use of credit continues at the same time.

A SICKA that has become part of the public image

8.The amount of money that came into the government's budget and allocated to the country amounted to sixty-five million, sixty-nine percent of the gross domestic product (GH¢65,399 million - 11.0 percent of GDP), which is expected to reach sixty-seven million, sixty-seven percent of the gross domestic product (GH¢67,307 - 11.4 percent of GDP) compared to the same period in 2021, we received forty-nine million, sixty-eight percent of the gross domestic product (GH¢49,108 million (10.7 percent of GDP).

9. If we compare the actual amount of money in the photo to what we set out to receive, it is clear that the amount fell by one million, nine hundred and nine or two percent and then eight percent (GH¢1,909 million or 2.8 percent) and the economic growth by thirty percent and then two percent (33.2 percent).

10.The amount of money that came into the picture from April to the end of December in 2022 we have shown in percentages in Table 1.

13 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Table 1: The amount of money that came into the picture from January to January in 2022

Non-Oil Non-TaxRevenue 10%

Gold mining, 7%

Oil and Gas...

Gifts of money, 1%

Non-Oil Tax Revenue, 68%

The work we are doing in SIKKA

11.The amount of money spent by the Government, including the old debt and other expenses, amounted to one hundred and nine million euros, twenty-one percent of the gross domestic product (GH¢109,421 million -18.5 percent of GDP), which is more than one hundred and three million euros, ninety-two million euros (GH¢103,992 million), which is seventy-six percent of the total gross domestic product (GH¢103,992 million) and twenty-one percent (17.6 percent of GDP) which is the amount we decided to spend five percent and two years later. The source of the slightly excessive amount of money in the industry is the interest rate and the money we pay to various government agencies.

14 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

12. The amount of money spent on the project is shown in Table 2.

Table 2: Employment expenditure from January to January 2022

Prostitution accounts for 10% of its income

Money for Government Services 16%

Interest rate 29%

Foreign investment 7%

It contains about 9%

Gross margin of 0%

Compensation of Employees 25%

Cost of goods and services 4%

SIKASEM'S DUMADIE HOOD

13. the government's financial program at the time we are talking about has reached the level of overspending. overspending has reached the level of forty-four million to twenty-two million, which is seven percent of the total gross domestic product (GH¢44,022 million - 7.4% of GDP) and what we are aiming to spend is sixteen million, sixty-three hundred and eighty-four million, which is six percent of the total gross domestic product (GH¢36,684 million - 6.2% of GDP). We also increased the foreign debt to six million, five hundred and thirty-one, which is one percent of the total domestic product (GH¢6,531 million - 1.1% of GDP).

According to the National Report in 2022

14.The current estimates indicate that the month of January ended in 2022, and the total expense of this country reached 467 million, 71 percent and 32 percent (GH¢467,371.32 million) in U.S. currency, amounting to forty-eight million, eight hundred and seventy-one percent and thirty-four percent ((US$48,871.34 million) of all domestic products)

15 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Seventy-five percent (75.9 percent of GDP) of this country's debt comes from foreign debt. The country's debt is one hundred ninety-five million, six hundred and fifty-seven million and sixty-one percent (GH¢195,657.61 million), which is thirty-eight percent of the total domestic product (31.8 percent of GDP) and the country's foreign debt is one hundred and seventy-one million, seventy-three hundred and twenty-seven million and sixty-one percent (GH¢271,713.71 million) which is forty-four percent of the total domestic product (44.1 percent of GDP).

15. what made this country's debt increase is that borrowing interest increased, while the foreign debt also has a specific source and the net weight of the country's money.

Table 3: According to the country's budget (2018 January, 2022)

External Debt Domestic Debt Total Public Debt Rate of Debt Accumulation Total Debt/GDP 700.0 74.4% 76.7% 75.9% 56.1% 61.2% 600.0 33.6% 32.7% 21.4% 26.1% 20.7% 500.0 467.4 400.0 352.1 195.7 291.6 Stock of Debt (in billions of GH¢) 300.0 218.2 181.8 173.1 149.8 200.0 105.5 271.7 86.9 100.0 170.3 141.8 112.7 86.2 - 2018 2019 2020 2021 September 2022

Source of this report: Ministry of Finance (MoF)

16 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Things that make the nation's economy stagnate that we expect to achieve in 2023

16. As a result of the Annual Economic Growth Guidance, the Government has set itself the goal of achieving the following Economic Growth Standards in the short period ahead of us (2023-2026):

i. four per cent of the total production in this country and three per cent later;

ii. four percent of the products of this country, including Fango;

iii. Eight per cent of the year-end stock that can go up or down by two per cent;

iv. At least, the amount of money that should be spent on our photos is one percent of all national goods and three times more in the period leading up to us (2023-2026); then

v. The amount of foreign currency that we need to get for living things is four months.

17. Due to the goals of the foundation of economic prosperity and the different goals of the same economic plan, we have set the following goals for the national economy to be achieved in 2023:

i. two per cent of the total production in this country and eight per cent later;

ii. three percent of the country's products, including Fango;

iii. eighteen percent of the month-to-month value and nine months later;

iv. At least, the amount of money that must be spent on our photographs is about seven percent of all national goods; and

v. The amount of foreign money we need to spend more than three to three months.

17 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

In 2023, there will be a cultural shift in education.

Financial Planning

18. In order to start the economic process, the Government will come to this Parliament to discuss and approve the government's monetary policy, which covers one and a half percent of the country's total GDP. Some of the measures are as follows:

• The consumption of tobacco and tobacco products will be changed according to the six ECOWAS regulations, and the consumption of beer will be reduced.

• The value added tax (VAT) will be raised from twelve percent to fifteen percent to reduce the value added tax (VAT) on products, before taking various steps to reduce the value added tax (VAT).

• The National Fiscal Stabilisation Levy (NFSL) has been changed to the Growth and Sustainability Levy (GSL) to address all the different issues.

• The Electronic Transfer Levy will be increased from one fifth (1.5) to one fifth (1) and we will eliminate fraud.

• Other programs include the following:

○ Sell the so-called 5G Electromagnetic Spectrum;

○ They will ensure that the payment of the loan is carried out;

○ The Jubilee Field will be developed to provide additional oil entitlement (AEO); and then

18 ♬ Ghana Government 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

o We have changed the amount of money that comes into the hands of the public so that, the amount of money that has not yet been consumed, and we have heard about it, we have made sure that the recipient gets it.

How to use money

19. After the financial system, the Government will decide how to use money to support the development of the economy:

• The amount of the Living Aid to Fight Poverty (LEAP) allowance will increase from the Ghs45 (Ghs45) to the Ghanese 90 (Ghs90), and the number of people we pay for them will increase from 344,185 (Ghs195) to Ghs395 million (Ghs395 million); these changes will increase the amount of the LEAP allowance for 2022 from Ghs197.5 million to Ghs395 million;

• The amount paid to those who cook school meals will be increased to add to it to reach one hundred thirty-eight million Ghanaian pounds (Ghs138 million),

• We will continue to train the President, the Deputy President, the Ministers, the Deputy Ministers, the Ministers of Cities, Towns and Villages, and others who have special government functions, including the heads of state owned enterprises (State Owned Enterprises) for thirty percent of the salary;

• We will reduce the amount of money we spend on a project from the last 25 percent to the current 17 percent;

• Until the end of 2023, we will withdraw all the money we have spent on some projects to the GifMIS (GifMIS) and ensure that it is used through the GifMIS (GifMIS)

19 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

economic growth and how we use money.

• a program that annually does not allow state-owned enterprises (SOEs) to exceed the so-called Single Spine salary limit;

In the year 2023 Financial Accumulation

20. In 2023, the amount of money that the Government intends to receive in the financial system and various gifts exceeds Ghana's amount of one hundred forty-three hundred and ninety-six million GH¢143,956 million (the total value of the country's gross domestic product is at least eighteen percent of GDP) and this progress will be in the financial system that will last forever - the primary and secondary - and the gross domestic product will be at least one hundred and thirty-five percent of GDP.

21. the amount of money and gifts to be received in this country will be worth one hundred forty one million five hundred and fifty-two dollars (GH¢141,552), which reflects an annual economic growth rate of forty-six percent, which is higher than what we expected for 2022.

20 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Table 4: Other currencies in 2023 (in GH¢ Million)

Gifts of money GH¢2,404

Other money GH$6,151

Fango money GH¢23,455

GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢12,308 GH¢

GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 GH¢99,639 G

The money we get in this country GH¢141,553

The amount of money we have received is a gift of money GH¢143,956

Source of this report: Ministry of Finance (MoF)

How We Will Distribute Money in 2023

22.The amount of money that will be used (including expenses) is expected to be about Ghanas five hundred and thirty-one million pounds (GHC205,431) which is the value of all the goods of this country, serving twenty-five percent in the last six months. If we compare the amount of money that we are expected to receive in the year 2022, these accounts show that the amount of money used (primary ependiture) has fallen in the price of all the goods of this country that serves three percent in the last three years (which is a duty) and has revealed the government debt that has done to set a good foundation for the country's economy. The accounts for the 2023 budget have been tabled in Table 5.

21 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Table 5: Cash ratio in 2023 (in GH¢ Million)

How much will we pay GH¢14,435

Foreign investment GH¢27,636

Money for government services GH¢30,079

GH¢52,550

GH¢27,694

Cost of goods and services GH¢8,048

Workers wages GH¢44,990

The total amount of investment GH¢205,432

Source of this report: Ministry of Finance (MoF)

The foundations of economic planning and economic development in 2023

23. If we take into account the amount of money we will receive and what will be given to us, (including the total amount we will pay) the total amount of it goes to Ghana for sixty-one million, seventy-five million (GH¢61,475 million), which is the value of all domestic products serving seven per cent and seven per cent.To compare it, the next amount to be paid is Ghana for eighty-nine hundred twenty-five million (GH¢8,925 million), which is the value of all domestic products serving one per cent and one per cent (1.1).

24. We will receive the remaining amount of money we will need to invest in our currency through our bilateral and multilateral links to the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

22 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

The most important role in the health and wellbeing of young people

25. This section reflects the Government's efforts on government flagship projects, which it started in various elections in 2022, and the planned activities to be carried out in 2023.

26. all these activities and measures are based on the Government's Medium-Term National Development Policy Framework, 2022-2026 of the same Government.The purpose of these activities is to help the Government reach the goals related to Ghana COVID 19 and the Ghanakares (Ghanacares) and the steps set out in the Agreement on the United Nations Agenda 2030, SDGs and the African Union Agenda 2063.

27. This section shows the Government's efforts in various parts of the country in 2022 and the role it will play in 2023.

Food Protection

28.The government's goal to increase the value of tree crops has allowed farmers to grow a total of 2.7 million trees in 2022 during the growing season.

29.The government based on the Rearing for Food and Jobs module (Rearing for Food and Jobs module) distributed 120 000 seeds to a thousand seeds farmers in the nine different regions (9 MMDAs), namely (Savelugu, Sagnarigu, Wa Municipal, Nandom, Sissala Apuea, Krachi Apuea, Nkwanta South, Techiman North and Nkoranza).

23 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

use (120-capacity poultry battery cage) in which the chickens will be dissolved.

30. In addition, we bought 3,750 small ruminants and distributed them to livestock farms owned by forty-five (45) farmers to help them overcome the crop problems they face.

31. In 2023, the Government will ensure the cultivation and distribution of cashew, shea, kube, coconut, palm oil, mango, and rubber in the amount of five million and sixty-five (5.65million) which is sufficient for 175,000 farmers.

32. In 2022, the Government established the One District One Warehouse program to complete 65 warehouses by adding 80,000 metric tons of grain to the national energy to store grain for food, in order to eliminate wasted crops, so that farmers can benefit from their work.

33. In 2023, the Government will complete the third phase of the Tamne crop irrigation project, drilling the ponds in Sunyeri, Tousal/Jeyiri, Tasundo and Gilang and drilling crop irrigation in other areas that will be well Vunania and Gilang.

An uninterrupted earthquake

34. because recently the price of inorganic fertiliser has increased sharply due to the global crisis, the government has suspended the shares of organic fertiliser traders in order to reduce the amount needed to buy the film.

24 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Budget

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

35. In 2023, the Government will receive assistance from the EXIM bank to replace some of the unused mining equipment in the existing facilities.

36. In 2022, the Government based on a project called the Aquaculture for Food and Jobs (AFJ) program, set up 124 holding facilities - one hundred and eight aquariums and sixteen ponds (108 ponds and 16 cages) - to feed thousands of aquariums, Dunson, 17,460, and put twenty-five different activities into aquariums and cages. In addition, we trained 294 people on the best way to farm, and 408 aquaculture farmers, we trained them on how to produce aquaculture food in this country.

37. In 2023, the Government will provide a number of fisheries with 300 earthen ponds (300 earthen ponds), 40 cages, 52 tarpaulin tanks (52 tarpaulin tanks) and 35,000 aquarium food bags (35,000), three million kolapia (tilapia) and catfish (catfish) for them.

Kookoo's work

38. In the cocoa industry, we allowed young people to perform various tasks such as rehabilitation, replanting cocoa, mass spraying, fertilizer application, and mass pruning so that 147,000 young people got a job in the city to stop traveling to large villages.

25 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

39. In 2023, the Government will continue these activities, by creating jobs, by strengthening existing ones, by reducing government control over non-existent jobs.

Firepower

40. In order to reduce the firepower we lose when we bring electricity to the required stations in its limits and all its infrastructure will go to work, we have completed the Firaw Province-Achimota electricity pipeline project (161kV Volta-Achimota-Mallam Transmission Line Upgrade).

41. In order to ensure that there is no electricity available in all parts of the country by 2024, in 2022 we cut the number of regions (157) in the National Electricity Register by reducing the electricity supply in this country from eighty-seven per cent (87.03%) to eighty-four per cent (88.54%).

42. Due to the government's goal of providing electricity to the water-surrounded towns, we have started to build three power plants in Azizkpe, Aflive and Alorkpem in Ada East Region in the province of Nkran.

43. In 2023, the Government will work to complete the preparations it is doing for the Nkran-Kumasi electricity and Western electricity repair project, and has also helped to

26 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

A project called the Aban De Sunshine Diining Project has started.

44. The government will implement a program called SHEP-4, SHEP-5 and Turkey program to distribute electricity to 400 other cities in 2023. Some cities in Ahafo, Asante, Bono, North, and Northeast Provinces will receive some. The government will start distributing electricity to all-in-one solar street lighting in various cities, towns, and cities.

27 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Employment Schedule

45. By April 2022, the Youth Employment Agency, based on its various branches, had a population of 80,735 people.

46. In 2022, the Government adopted the National Alternative Employment and Livelihood Programme (NAELP) and took the following steps:

• Repaired damaged land, replanted trees on 645 hectares of land to provide two thousand three hundred jobs; and then

• 20 million fruit trees were planted to support the plantation development programme, giving 80,071 youth in Akotom, Adinkra, Techire, Akwatiakwaso, Fufuo and Hohoe permanent and casual jobs.

47. Also in 2023, the Government will continue to do the following:

• Planting trees to repair a thousand hectares of damaged land in a variety of specific areas, planting trees that can be used to raise money such as cabbage, cabbage, citrus trees and mangoes in millions to help with plantation development to rebuild the number of trees that have been cut down;

• Ten small tree processing plants will be opened to create jobs for hundreds of thousands of people; and then

• We will provide training to the current galamsey producers and beneficiaries of twenty thousand (20,000) and five hundred small-scale mining companies on mining health, safety standards and roads

28 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Another is a good way to do mining activities.

29 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Your startup company (YouStart)

48. It is the government vision that in the years 2022-2025 it will use the start-up program to provide unpaid loans to young people, to create one million jobs.

YOU START

The chances of a youth-led start-up business getting support are low.

It is time to make a difference with YouStart initiative

THE WORLD BANK NEIP

49. This three-year program has helped young entrepreneurs (those under 40 years old) and seventy small and medium enterprises (SMEs) get support such as capacity building, access to markets, gambling law and product development.The amount of money we have allocated for this program is one million, ninety-eight thousand Ghana (GH¢1.98 million).

50. The Government and the Ghana Association of Banks (GAB) and eleven (11) commercial banks have signed a memorandum of understanding regarding the Youstart program.

30 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Ghana Nnuadua project that will solve the problem of climate change

51. in 2022, based on the program called Ghana Nnuadua Day, we distributed twenty-six million small trees, twenty-five million seedlings (26.55 million seedlings) and managed to print twenty-four million of them (24.44 million). in addition, we distributed the number of small trees ofram, emire, wawa, kokrodua, teak, cedrela, gmelina, cassia, eucalyptus and mahogany (12.9 million) for planting.

Green Ghana Day

52. Based on the National Plantation Administration we planted eleven thousand sixty-two hectares (11,692ha) of uncultivated trees that we thought we would plant.

53. In 2023, on the day of Ghana's crops, we will plant twenty million small trees.

54. Due to the adverse effects of global warming on health, food and other countries affected by this warming, the economic situation in Ghana has caused a major crisis to the global economy.

31 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

(V20 Loss and Damage Report) shows that from 2000 to 2019, due to the effects of climate change, Ghana alone lost $15,200,001,695 billion.

55. The government will continue to implement various measures to combat drought, by supporting the drought management system, investing in agricultural irrigation in all parts of the country, and encouraging more people to engage in agriculture as their economic base is calculated before causing the problems caused by climate change that will destroy crops.

Water and Love

56. In 2022, we implemented the Five Districts Water Supply Scheme in Firaw Province (Third 3), also known as the STRABAG NSUO DWUMADIE (STRABAG Water Project) which provides drinking water to the regions of Anyigbe; Agotime-Ziope; Central Tongu; Western and Northern Tongu to reach ninety-five percent.

57.The government continued to use the Coastal Protection Works to protect the coastal communities from major waves, reuse it to remove the citizens from the danger of waves, move lives, protect the heritage.The coastal protection work that is taking place in the following areas has reached the percentage limit for organizing. Dansoman (97%), Komenda (95%), Elmina (92%), Cape Coast (80%) and Anomabu (75%), Dixcove (40%)

32 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Forty-five percent (45%) and Ningo-Prampram -Fifty percent (50%).

58. In 2023, the Government will continue the various projects it started, and then start other Coastal Protection Projects at Blekusu (Part Two), Apam, Axim (Part Two), La and Teshie, Dansoman (Part Two), Shama, Ningo-Prampram (Part Two), Tema New Town, Anloga, Takoradi and Maritime University Coastal Protection Projects.

Wake up Akwan

59. In 2022, we are continuing to work on La Mpoano road including the Nkran Tema Beach road repair and Nungua Barrier road repair.

La Beach Road Completion Project

60. The government's vision to make truck roads a bridge to strengthen road safety, has started under the following trunk roads: Tema Aflao, Tema Akosombo roads; preparing the Assin Fosu Assin Praso roads that will make the Assin Fosu roads one kilometre apart (1.2km) to become two roads, the railway junction and the Assin Fosu and Assin Praso roads.

33 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

61. We are moving on to the second half of the Obetsebi Lamptey motorcycle championship and its repair. Also now that we have completed the first half of the Tema Motorway motorcycle championship, the second half of the motorcycle championship will begin.

The second half of the Obetsebi Lamptey road

62.The interstate and interstate highway program that we started in 2019 has reached its peak.What we have completed is the following:

Sn.

♬ 1 Osiem - Starting to fix the road ♬ team 5 ♬ Appearance ♬ 24.8 ♬

♬ 2 Golokwati-Wli road father (km10-km27) ♬ Firaw, ♬ 17.0 ♬

3 ♬ Nsuta ♬ Beposo, my father team 3 ♬ Ashanti ♬ 7.0 ♬



5 Bawjiase - Real action car 15.0

5 Tamale - Salaga Road - highway 1

34 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

63. The various ways in which the work has progressed include:

Sn.

♬ 1 Navrongo - Naga road repair (km 2.7 - km 42.2) ♬ Lot 1 ♬ Northeast ♬ 39.5 ♬ 45 ♬

♬ 2 Wa-Bulenga-Yaala road (Km 6.0- km 37.0) ♬ 1 ♬ North West ♬ 31.0 ♬ 52 ♬

3 Kpandai - Salaga - Ekumdipe - Kpandai highway (Km 26.7 - km 45.3) and Kpandai - Nkanchina highway (10.8km) - October 2

4 Km Yagaba - Mankarigu road repair (Km 12.0 - km 24.0) and Mankarigu - Nawuni road repair (Km 0.0 km 17.5) - team 4 North East 29.5 76 76

5 ♬ Daboya - Mankarigu road repair (Km 30.0 - km 63.1) ♬ 5 ♬ Savanna ♬ 33.1 ♬ 52 ♬

5

♬ 7 Anwiankwanta ♬ Obuasi paving the way ♬ Ashanti ♬ 30.0 ♬ 90 ♬

♬ 8 Nalerigu ♬ Gbintri road repair (Km 6.0 km 46.0) - team 2 ♬ Northeast ♬ 40.0 ♬ 70 ♬

♬ 9 New Abirem ♬ Ofoasekuma Road (Km 0.0 - km 33.2) - team 2 ♬ East ♬ 33.2 ♬ 99 ♬

♬ 10 Bogoso ♬ Insu Siding-Huni Valley road repair - team 4 ♬ West ♬ 26.0 ♬ 83 ♬

♬ 11 Sefwi Wiawso - Akontombra road repair (Km 0.0 - km 15.0) ♬ 2 ♬ Northwest ♬ 15.0 ♬ 75 ♬

12 ♬ Akrodie - Sayereso road repair (Km 0.0 - km 20.0) - Lot 1 ♬ Ahafo ♬ 20.0 ♬ 85 ♬

13 ♬ Menji ♬ Bui road repair (Km 0.0 km 30.0) - team 1 ♬ Bono ♬ 30.0 ♬ 98.4

I am not preparing specific roads in the District of Nkran.

35 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Education

64. With the Government's goal of providing all schools and the Education Department with the necessary resources to carry out their activities, the Government purchased 66 sixteen buses (66-seater Buses), seventy-one Pick-Up boats (71 Pick-Ups) and two tractors (2 Tractors) to distribute to the Senior High Schools and Technical and Vocational Education and Training Institutes (which are in this country).

65. In 2022, the Government adopted 29 Community Development and Vocational Technical Institutes to train 3,724 men and 3,715 women in the arts so that their knowledge can be used to get jobs or open their own jobs by reducing poverty.

66.In addition, we trained 288 community educators in the field of community development and Asetena security at Kwaso Mpɔtam Mpontuo College to gain knowledge to bring the community together to set up community development steps.

67. In 2023, the Government will train 500 Community Educators in Social Protection and Community Development (500 Community Educators in Social Protection and Community Development) before organizing a completely new training on skills that open the way to employment other than agriculture such as training, cattle and livestock.

♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

work (leather works) as it will help to improve communities for income.

Health

68. Atrial fibrillation is still one of the ten leading causes of death in Ghana. That is why, in order to reduce malaria, the government has introduced a device called LSM Implement app that can detect where mosquitoes are burning in different regions.Ho Teaching Hospital is also looking for a device called CT-Scan and endoscopy that can help in the treatment of diseases.

69. In 2022, the Government completed the following activities: the various hospitals in the country (CHPS compounds) in Debiso, Nsutam, and Tiawia; the Mansini hospital in Konongo; the treatment and holding centres in Aflao, Elubo, Keta, Kumasi South, and Sewua; and the Fevers Unit and the COVID-19 isolation centre in Korle Bu.

70. In 2023, the government will continue to make good plans for health workers to be sent abroad by completing the understanding agreement with the Government of the United Kingdom.

71.The government will continue its work on the National Vaccine Institute and the National Vaccine Institute and Ghana.By 2023, it will ensure that malaria vaccines are introduced to reduce the number of deaths in this country.

Human Protection

72.In 2022, the Government took 5,000 people from the Ghana Police Service to set its goal of providing



Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

The number of security personnel has increased to help maintain law and order.

73.The Police Department heard from the Criminal Investigations Department (CID) the so-called Anti-Armed Robbery Taskforce (AATF), heard from the Motorbike Patrol Unit (Motorbike Patrol Unit), a section of the Police Mounted Squadron and a Canine (K-9) that has been used to protect the police.

74.The government continued the work of the third phase of the Adani security plan to build twenty-three police stations at the Ghana National Police Training School, Tesano.

75. The government through the National Disaster Management Organisation (NADMO) helped the victims of the disaster at 15,772.

76. In 2023, the Police Department will perform the following tasks:

• Some of the so-called Formed Police Units (FPUs) are located in the sixteen police districts to strengthen the law and methods used to reduce population violence;

• They will be trained again, in return for the Crime Combat police and Action Units necessary equipment to help fight crime such as robbery;

♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

• A thousand five hundred and one hundred police officers will be deployed in various areas and roads to prevent theft; and then

• Some of the branches that control traffic will be opened in all eighteen police districts to help prevent traffic accidents and prevent accidents.

77.The Government will continue to inform the State Department on how to reduce the risk of disasters, in the field of earthquake publicity program, have developed a plan to make emergency reports about flooding in some provinces and territories, so that disasters can be detected as soon as possible.

78. Phase IV of the Security Services Housing Programme will start for the Ghana Prisons Service in 2023.

Visiting

79.The government will use the Ghana Tourism Authority (GTA) to organize publicity programs based on the programs known as Ghana (See Ghana), Eat Ghana (Eat Ghana), Wear Ghana (Wear Ghana clothing) and Nya Attenta for Ghana (Feel Ghana) to encourage the need to buy Ghana products.

80. Government and hospitality owners and food manufacturers will make efforts to sell this country's food and beverages, using national products, goods and organizations to prepare the facilities they use to accommodate the imported products in their activities.

81. Because of the government's existing plans for investing in businesses and private investments in tourist destinations

39 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

As a result of the expansion, the Ghana Tourism Authority and the Ghana Investment Promotion Centre (GIPC) will work together to create a program that will attract the country and foreigners to invest in the tourism industry.

Clothing for the External Campaign

82. Recently, the large number of foreign imports into this country has caused the weight of Ghana's currency to drop and the economy has been disrupted by the foreign trade base standards.

83. in the second phase of the Ghana covid 19 Small and Medium Enterprises Support Program (Phase 2 of Ghana CARES), the Government will help private businesses in specific areas to create products that can replace the crops, export goods, develop plans to help businesses to achieve these goals.

Women and Men, Children and Life Protection

84. In 2022, the Government, through the Ghana School Feeding Programme (GSFP) program, provided three billion, sixty-eight thousand (3,620,468 pupils) of children in 10,832 public basic schools.

40 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

This increased the number of children attending KG, Primary and District Schools (JHS) standards in the 2020/21 school year.The number of students attending elementary school increased by 18%, the number of elementary school students reached forty percent (40%) and the number of elementary school students reached seventy-two percent (72%).

85.The government hired 32,496 caterers and cooks to support their families.The government also opened crop purchasing opportunities for farmers to support their economy.

86. In order to achieve the goal of providing nutritious food to the poor, the Government paid 344,389 cents (344,389) of the Livelihood Empowerment Against Poverty (LEAP) amount.

87. In 2023, the Government will continue to provide students with nutritious food for school every day.

88.The Trafficking and Trauma-Informed Care Center of the Government provided medical care to twenty-four children, forty-six elderly women and twenty-seven elderly men who had been sold and taken to the trauma center.

89.The government will continue to provide adequate care for the victims of trafficking in persons, and has made plans to combat trafficking, local trafficking and has organized programs to focus on trafficking.

41 Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

He has heard

90. In 2023, the Government will continue to support the various Wildlife Activities, ensuring that mining, agriculture, manufacturing and recycling have progressed.

91. God bless the nation of Ghana!!!

42 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Childhood education (SICKASM CHILD)

Mansini Baako Afidiniya Baako Afidiniya (1D1F): These are a variety of industries that will be opened in the country and thereby improve manufacturing in Ghana.

African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA): This is a major benefit planned for African Trade Companies that will help to export their products to African countries without paying for any kind of trade and get the benefits of the great benefit in Africa.

Alleviation: This is a way to reduce the effects of a problem.

Allocation: This is a way of allocating public funds for the various government agencies and organizations to use for the public.

Ancilliary: This is an animal or substance that helps to improve a condition.

Apparel: A particular item or garment sold in a store.

Balance of Payments: This is the trade that takes place between a country and other countries in the world at a certain time, perhaps every three months of the year or even the whole year.

Budget: A financial plan refers to a plan made by the Government for how to get money and how to spend it. For example, a family can create a financial plan by calculating the amount of money they have and the various things they need to use the money to finance them. It can include housing costs, water and electricity costs and food costs) When they need the amount of money, the family will need to get some extra money or even go to borrow.

43 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Budget deficit: This occurs when the government spends more than the government actually receives.

Canine: It is about a dog or a dog.

Capital Expenditure: This is money used for mining such as travel, schooling, hospital dancing, travel, transportation, water, big technology and so on.

Carriageway: It is the part of the truck road that ships can take.

Compensation of Employees: This is the monthly salary of employees, various types of money, life insurance money, travel insurance money, etc. paid to government employees.

Endoscopy: Eye is a type of examination done in the body.

It includes the Debt-to-GDP ratio: This is an economic indicator when we compare a country's debt to the value of all the country's goods and services to see how the country stands.

Depreciation: This is how the value of a property is at a certain time or how its weight is low when you compare the money of one country to that of other countries.

Development Partners: This refers to countries or organizations that support countries that are now improving to reach their development goals. these can be banks such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank, etc. these can also be private banks such as Germany, Nyiresi Aburokyire, the United States, and others.



Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

End Year Inflation: This is an increase in the price of goods reaching $50 per month in a specific year.

Expenditure Overrun: This happens when the amount of money spent on various projects exceeds the amount set aside in the financial plan approved by the parliament.

Export-Import Bank (EXIM - Export-Import) Bank: Ghana Export-Import Bank (GEXIM) is a bank that opened in this country in 2016 by the Ninety-Eleventh Ghana Export-Import Bank Act (Ghana Export-Import Bank Act 2016 - Act 911) to help the government to strengthen the export trade.

Export Trade Houses (ETH): These are some commercial enterprises that help companies that need help and expertise in foreign trade in order to get a product from abroad or to export a product.

Fiscal Deficit: This is the basis that is considered before a country gets permission to borrow to perform a function that includes repayment of loans.

Fiscal Operations: These include financial accounting and reporting, financial planning, financial operations, wages, salary information, property, operations management and compensation.

Fiscal Policy: This is the way in which the government uses money and various programs to help underpin the foundation of economic prosperity or the factors that make the national economy stable.

45 Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Financial Stress: This is a condition or measure that is used to determine the stresses a country has experienced in financial distress or distress where it is necessary for the State to send special supplies that will prevent the same country from doing what they want.

Free Higher Secondary Education (FREE SHS): This Higher Secondary Education is a new government program introduced by the government of Prime Minister Nana Akuffo-Addo in November 2017 that any JHS student who will pass the exam will be allowed to study in the Higher Secondary School for free.

Ghana Cares: This program has two steps that the Government has taken in the Coronavirus Effect Anosie Program.

Government Grants: These are a variety of financial aid provided by the Mpontuo Animals to help the Government that is not paid by the Government.

Grants to other Government Units: This represents money that, according to the law, must be paid into the DACF, the Education Fund, the Petroleum Related Fund and the National Health Fund.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): This refers to the value of all the things we do in this country at a certain time.

Gross International Reserves: This is a measurement used to measure the economic strength of a country to buy from abroad in a certain period of time. This helps to compare a country's image to another country to see how the country has economic strength.

♬ 46 Ghana Government 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Headline Inflation: This is a monthly inflation report from the Consumer Price Index published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.

Import Substitution: This is the way we make products in this country to replace the various products we import from abroad and not to export the product to sell and through this same country's product to improve the country's production.

Inflation: This refers to how the prices of various activities and products increase over a certain period of time.

Interest cost: This is the amount of interest that a borrower must pay on a loan they have borrowed or something they owe at the time they did not pay the principal themselves.

Interest payments: This is the payment of a loan or property by the borrower or heir.

IPEP (Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme): This is one of the most important activities in various NPP Government programs, the goal of which is to send information to the villages, especially the poor areas there and thereby help to reduce poverty and change the differences between rural and rural communities.

Macroeconomic targets: These are measurements based on a country's economic performance.Examples of these are economic performance, price increases, job growth rates, intergovernmental trade, how its initial financial adjustment or weakness depends on how the Bank of Ghana Baatan will store the prices of goods in the country.

47 Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Memorandum of Understanding (MoU): It is a written agreement concerning a decision that two or more parties have agreed to make.

Module: It is a unit of length that can be combined to make the size of the bed.

Monetary policy: It is a system used by the four national financial institutions to compare the amount of borrowing in a short period of time or how to invest in new money, information about the total amount of borrowing in order to help keep prices in place.

Small Business Development Programme - MSME (Micro And Small Business Development Programme): Small businesses are private enterprises that can employ a small number of people whose income depends on the work to exceed a certain amount of money.

Nation-Binded Builders- NABCo (Nation Builders Corps): This is a completely new idea that has emerged by the Ghanaian Government to allow young people who have graduated from university to get work in private or government jobs and help to acquire their skills to solve various life problems, thus helping them to gain experience that will help the country's economic prosperity.

National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI): The National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI) is a non-profit public corporation that exists but rather, it is an agency under the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, which is authorized by law to oversee the success of Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs).

National Afforestation Programme (NAP): It is the replacement of the forests we have cut down so that the lost forest resources can be recovered and thus improve the lives of the communities living near the forest, especially the poor.

48 Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

National Disaster Management Organisation (NADMO): This is a national agency responsible for comparing disasters and natural disasters in Ghana.

Non-Oil Real GDP (Non-Oil Real GDP): This is the value of all the products of this country, excluding money from various oil activities, based on the high prices of goods.

Non-Oil Real GDP Growth (Non-Oil Real GDP Growth): It is the basis for determining the national economic growth in every sector of the country, excluding the economy.

Non Tax Revenue: This is government revenue that does not come from taxes.

Outstanding Obligations: The amount of money that the Government has to pay to the Ministry of Finance for the various Government services and then, the amount that has existed since 2016, which is required by law to be paid by the Government in various statutory fees.

Consequences (Outturn): This is what happens after a situation or as a consequence of other circumstances.

Primary balance: This is the amount of money remaining after the government has approved all the money it hopes to get, including some loan guarantees, (meaning the loan to be paid by the government) and the way we calculate this is by calculating it as a percentage of the total value of the country's Gross Domestic Product.

Primary surplus - deficit: This refers to the balance of the economy that is based on the surplus that we have borrowed from the sixth, the contribution we pay on the debt that the country adds.

Projected Growth Rate: This is how Ghana's economy is expected to improve in a given year.

49 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

Real GDP: This is a measure used to measure the value of all domestic goods and services in comparison to the value of goods and services.

Revenue: This is the amount of money the government receives from its various activities in this country and abroad.

Rearing For Food and Jobs (RFJ): This is a new program of the Government of Ghana to increase the production of cattle and raise money so that the population can eat and eat some of the cattle that we bring into this country, and thereby increase the number of jobs that the public can do to improve the lives of all the cattle workers.

Sensitization: This is a teaching or announcement that aims to bring about positive change through perception and thinking.

Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs): These are private non-governmental enterprises that can be used by a small number of people.

Social Benefits: This is the amount that the Government pays on behalf of the citizens to the water, gas and light companies to give more value to Ghanaians.

Squadron: This is a group of air forces who have two or more aircrafts to fly.

Asenesoro Subsidy: This is a type of financial assistance provided by the Government to the citizens to relieve them of their burdens.

Surveillance: This is a way of keeping an eye on something and observing how it is doing.

Tidal wave: It is a very severe sea wave that occurs when an undersea earthquake has occurred or a rock quake has occurred under the sea.

Transparency: This means that the Government will let the citizens know what is going on and hear all reports in a timely manner.

Kwantempɔm (Trunk Road): This is a long main road that connects two or more cities, an airport, an airport

50 ♬ Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Fund

Together we have worked to bring energy to the National Economy and strengthen it.

together with other places, and often it is a long journey that we take to transport things far away.

Use of Goods and Services: This is the amount of money paid by the Government for the work they do and the work they do for the public.

Value Added Tax (VAT): This is a value added tax applied to various commodities in each commodity exchange.

Vulnerable Twenty (V20 - Vulnerable Twenty): These are some countries that are thought to be affected by extreme climate change.

The Subsector represents one of the various institutions in the country where various activities are taking place.

YouStart: It is a way that the Government wants to use to help young people between the ages of 18 and 40 in finance and technology to start their own businesses or as youth-owned businesses so that they can start and expand their own businesses.

Youth Employment Agency (YEA): This Youth Employment Agency was established by Act 887 of 2015 (Youth Employment Act 2015 - Act 887) to organize, organize, monitor and assist in youth employment and related matters in Ghana.

51 The Government of Ghana 2023 National Children's Economic Program

© 2022. All rights reserved. No part of this publication can be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted by any or any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance