FREEDOM AND JUSTICE

REPUBLIC OF GHANA

ASANTE TWI

2022 CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL CIVIL

An Anodization of the 2022 National Children's Financial Plan Explained It is short and easy to understand

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

How Citizens can ask questions

The 2022 National Economic Plan Anodization and the National Children's Economy can be found in the following source: www.mofep.gov.gh

If you also want a quantity of these books, please go to the Ministry of Finance's public relations office.

Public Relations Office New Building Ground Floor Room 001 or 003 P. O. Box MB 40 Accra Ghana Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

Translated by:

Bureau of Ghana Languages

2 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Its content

Number of tables: 3

A variety of mathematical tables: 3

A FAMILY ANODICE 5

Knowledge 7

What is the state of the economy in the year 2021 8

A SICKA OF THE PRESIDENT'S PHOTOS and the work we did in the year 2021 10

In the year 2022 SIKASEM HEALTH AND THE PEOPLE SIKASEM GINAPAN 14

SIKASEM'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER in the year of the 2022 school year 17

COVID-19 has spread to 19 countries worldwide.

The most important role in the health and well-being of the child is SEESEI 23

AGAIN 39

Definition of words (Words in the Financial System) 40

The number of tables:

Table 1: The number of 1D1Fs in the different provinces ........................... 25

Table 2: Panel statistics on COVID-19 ................................... 36

A variety of mathematical tables:

Table 1: The amount of money that came into the national currency from January to October in 2021

Table 2: Table on the work we do with money from February to September in the year 2021........................................................................ 12

Table 3: The share of the country (in Ghana Billions of Dollars) ................... 13

Table 4: Total amount of money that we can expect to get in 2022 (in Ghana Billions of Dollars)

Table 5: Projects to be financed and how to allocate in 2022 (in Ghana Billions of Dollars)............................................ 16

3 The Ghanaian Government - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

The Berekese has fallen to the ground, but we will throw cut stones again; the fig trees will be cut down but we will replace them with cedars.

(Isaiah 9:10)

4 The Ghanaian Government - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

ANODISEM of the FAMILY

The negative effects of COVID-19 infection have affected the economy of every country in the world, including Ghana. The suffering that has led to death, life difficulties and hard work that the Ghanaians saw is not something the Government has completely forgotten. I am proud to say that the steps taken by this country against this infection is a courageous step and it is the most effective decision that all countries around the world have agreed to take.

What follows is that, in order to be able to cope with the problems and opportunities caused by this pandemic, the Government, through the Prime Minister Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo's advisory board, has set up Ghana's Covid-19 Health and Personal Care Development Assistance (GhanaCARES) Obaatan Pa Program, (the Ghana COVID-19 Alleviation and Revitalisation of Enterprises program, Obaatan Pa program) with a budget of one hundred billion dollars (GH¢100 billion).

It is comforting to us that we have grown in faith in the Government while we continue to do everything necessary to prevent this contagious disease. based on what happened to us at that time, it has shown us how active we are as a country that can cope with disasters.

The Bible gives us guidance at any time to follow in such a time in the book of Isaiah chapter 9, verse 10 where it is written, The Berekhes has fallen to the ground, but we will rebuild with cut stones; the fig trees will be cut down but we will replace them with cedars. Similarly, the Government has decided that it will keep all its promises and therefore, it will continue to make plans and do the work that will make us lose everything and thereby improve the lives of the citizens.

One of the key elements in this 2022 Economic Plan and then in the next three years is that we will establish a State of Private Employment in which our economy will be stable, and everyone will play their part accordingly so that jobs can be increased and especially, young people can get some.

In order to encourage young people to open their own businesses, in 2022 the Government will introduce a program called the YouStart Program that will allow young people to get loans to start opening their own businesses and be able to stand or expand their businesses.

In this 2022 Economic Plan, we have made various plans to continue to make progress in the various problems in this country that we are currently experiencing so that we can stand on our feet again after this contagious disease.The government has set itself the goal of making a comprehensive plan and has worked with the bank to make progress that will enable young people to get training in arts and to ensure that private enterprises are successful in their youth.

5 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

All Ghanaians, especially not to think that they have a share in this country, they do not think well and they do not engage in private enterprise in the country we are building to build and it is not perfect.

I encourage all of us to help and bind the Ghana we all need.

God bless us!!!!

Ken Ofori-Atta Minister for Finance

5 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge

1. The 2022 National Children's Financial Plan is a summary of the Government's actions in 2021 and the amount of money the Government expects to receive to develop its programs and activities in 2022 and the period ahead.

2. In order to ensure that the steps we are taking to increase social and economic growth and to meet the various national development goals, the goal of this 2022 Economic Plan is to link the country with a good economic development and to increase the number of jobs for the public to achieve.

7 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

WHEN the national economy is in the year 2021

What is the foundation of the national economy?

3.The following is an accounting report we have received that shows how the national economy was in 2021:

• In the first six months of 2021, total output growth in this country reached three percent and three percent (Overall real GDP averaged 3.5 percent) while in the same period in 2020, output growth reached zero percent and seven percent (0.7 percent growth);

• Non-Oil real GDP increased by four and eight percentage points (4.8 percent) in the first six months of 2021, and during the same period in 2020, this amount increased by one percentage point and one percentage point only (1.1 percent);

• The price of goods at the end of the month was 10.6 percent, and at the same time in 2020, the price of goods was 10.4 percent;

• The amount of money we needed to measure the total budget deficit (Overall budget deficit -cash) in the first six months of 2021 was seven percent and seven percent (7.7 percent of GDP), and at the same time in 2020, our expectations were seven percent and four percent (7.4 percent of GDP);

• The amount of money we will need to pay the primary balance is two percent and zero (2.0 percent of GDP), and at the same time in 2020, it was one percent and seven percent (1.7. percent);

• The country's share of total GDP was 77.7 per cent at the end of January 2021, compared to 76.1 per cent at the end of January 2020;

• The Gross International Reserves also reached US$11.44 billion at the end of January 2021, which could be five months and two days compared to the end of January 2020, which is US$8.62 billion, which could be four months and one day now; and

8 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

• The country's monetary strength in the main foreign currency stood at the same level in 2021. By the end of March 2021, Ghana's monetary strength in the U.S. currency had risen by about one percent and seven times (1.7% against the US Dollar) compared to the same period in 2020, the country's monetary strength in the U.S. currency was reduced by two percent and nine times (2.9 percent depreciation).

9 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

A SICKA that has affected the public image and the work we have done in the year 2021

Money that came into the public image

4. The amount of money collected and distributed by the Government from February to September 2021 totalled 46 billion euros (GH¢46.85 billion), which is 10.7% of GDP, and the program changes, and we set our goal to raise the amount of money to reach 51.31 billion euros (GH¢51.31 billion), which is 11.7% of GDP. The amount of money that came into the national picture was as follows: Non-oil Tax Revenue (74%), Non-oil-non-Tax Revenue (9%), Fango and Gas Receipts (9%), Other Revenue (6%) and Grants (2%) as we do in Schedule 1.

5. In 2021 the amount of money collected by the Government did not meet our goal because of the Corporate Income Tax, Personal Income Tax, Savings Tax, Domestic Excise Duty and Communications Service Tax.

10 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Program

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Table 1: A summary of the amount of money that came into the national currency from January to January in 2021

6%

2%

9%

9%

74%

It raises money that does not come from oil

Fango and Mframagya money

Money that does not come from oil and is not waste

Other people's money

Gifts of money

The work we do with money

6. By the end of March 2021, the amount of money spent by the Government (including debt) amounted to Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghanas Ghans Ghanas Ghanas Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghans Ghan Workers' wages and wages were two of the most heavily borrowed items by the Government.

11 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Table 2: A summary of how we spend money from January to September in 2021

Workers wages

Money in clothing and clothing

Anxiety

Money for Government services

Mining money

money for other services

10%

29%

4%

32%

14%

11%

Financial Planning Promotion and Employment Funding

7.The amount of overspending by the Government to the national debt amounted to GH¢33.86 billion (GH¢33.86 billion), which is 7 per cent of the country's GDP and 7.7 per cent of GDP, which should have been GH¢32.5 billion (GH¢32.58 billion) which is 7 per cent of the country's output and 7.4 per cent of GDP. The amount of government revenue in this country reached twenty and thirty nine billion (GH¢20.39 billion) which is sixty percent of the country's output (60.2% of GDP) and the government revenue from abroad reached thirteen and forty seven billion (GH¢13.47 billion) which is thirty nine percent of the country's output (39.8% of GDP).

According to the National Report in 2021

8.The current trend is that, at the end of March 2021, the cost of Ghana's foreign direct investment (GH¢341.76 billion) amounted to US$58.348 billion (US$58.348 billion).This represents about seventy-seven percent of the country's GDP (77.8 percent of GDP).This combines the country's foreign direct investment (GH¢163.65 billion) to the US.

12 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

In terms of money, it is $27.88 billion (US$27.88 billion) which is about forty-seven percent of the country's output (47.9% of GDP) and then this country's debt, which is also about Ghanas $178.11 billion (GH¢178.11 billion) that goes into the US currency, is about $30.35 billion (US$30.35 billion) which is about fifty-two percent of the country's output (52.1 percent of GDP).

Table 3: The Government's share (in Ghana Billions)

External Debt Domestic Debt Total Debt/GDP Total Debt/GDP (without bailout) Total Debt

76.1% 77.8% 72.0% 61.2% 341.8 56.1% 69.7% 54.2% 291.6 56.2% 53.0% 163.7 218.2 141.8 173.1 112.7 142.6 86.2 178.1 75.8 149.8 105.5 86.9 66.8

2017 2018 2019 2020 Sept. 2021 Prov.

The source of this suffering: The Ministry of Finance (MoF)

13 The Ghanaian Government - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

In the year 2022 SIKASEM HEALTH AND THE PEOPLE SIKASEM GINAPAN

Things that make the nation's economy stagnate that we expect to achieve in 2022

9. The following national economic foundations are what we expect to achieve in 2022:

• Real GDP growth of 5.8 percent;

• The country's output, not including Fango, grew five per cent five years later (Non-Oil Real GDP growth of 5.9 per cent);

• End-December inflation of 8 percent;

• We will have more money than we have - seven percent and then four percent (fiscal deficit of 7.4 percent of GDP);

• The amount of money that will exceed what we would expect - zero percent and one point later (Primary surplus of 0.1 percent of GDP); and

• The amount of foreign currency that we need to get for living things for four months.

How to earn money in 2022

10.The government expects the total amount of money it will be able to borrow and distribute to us in 2022 to reach the Ghanaian debt amount of one hundred and fifty two billion (GH¢100.52 billion) which is twenty percent of the country's output and then nothing (20.0 percent of GDP).The amount of money we expect to receive in this country is ninety nine billion and fifty five billion (GH¢99.55 billion). The amount of money we will receive in this country is seventy-seven per cent of non-oil revenue and then seventy-five per cent (77.5 per cent) which is Ghanas seventy-seven million and one hundred thirty-six million (GH¢77,136 million).

14 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Table 4: Total amount of money that we can expect to get in 2022 (in Ghana Billions of Dollars)

Gifts of money 1.0

5.5 other people's money

Fango Gold 6.6

Non-oil money is less than 10.3

It lost 75.2 percent of its non-oil reserves.

It cost 78.2 dollars.

Our income in this country is 97.6

The amount of government money and gifts 98.6

0.0 20.0 40.0 60.0 80.0 100.0 120.0

How we will divide money in 2022

11.The government has decided that the amount of money it will spend (including expenses to be paid) will reach Ghana's budget of one hundred thirty-seven billion and fifty-three billion (GH¢137.53 billion) which is twenty-seven percent of the country's gross domestic product and twenty-four percent (27.4 percent of GDP).

15 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Table 5: What to do with the money and how to distribute it in 2022 (in Ghana Billions of Dollars)

How much will we pay 1.5

11.5 foreign direct investment

Money for government services 26.5

Interest rate 37.5

16.2 million in the mining sector

Cost of goods and services 9.2

Workers wage 36.0

The total amount of money in the industry is 138.3

0.0 20.0 40.0 60.0 80.0 100.0 120.0 140.0 160.0

12. If we look at the budget we are planning to receive and allocate to us and then the various activities we will do in 2022, the program economy exceeds the thirty-seven billion dollars (GH¢39.01 billion) of the budget set out in this Economic Plan, which is seven percent of the country's output and four percent of GDP (7.4 percent of GDP).

13. the amount of money we expect to receive from abroad to invest in our economy will be about 9.1 billion (GH¢1 billion) which is one percent of the country's GDP and 1.8 percent of GDP. the amount of money we expect to receive in this country will also be about 27.9 billion (GH¢27.9 billion) which is five and six percent of the country's GDP and 5.6 percent of GDP.

16 The Ghanaian Government - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

SIKASEM'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER'S DISCLAIMER in the year of the 2022 school year

Number of the National Monetary System

14.The government has put in place various programs that will stimulate industries and help to create effective products that will be successful in this country and abroad.

• In order to strengthen the benefits that will come to the industry and to be able to expand their activities, the Government will add two years to the VAT Relief period it started in 2019;

• Two years after the introduction of a foreign trade policy on imported products, we have relaxed the necks of foreign traders for a while.We will make changes to this policy to clarify and help the specific foreign traders that this policy should help;

• We will increase the percentage of small-scale mining companies selling electronically-paid gold from three percent to one percent (withholding tax rate reduction from 3 percent to 1.5 percent);

• From the beginning of January in 2022, the Ghana Revenue Authority will help the Municipalities, Towns and Local Government Areas (MMDAs) to find the same opportunities that will help them to make progress in the tax planning so that they can receive it well and account for it well;

• The government will make changes to the amount of money that the Government Accounts receives for their activities (MDAs) and will start to work from the first day of February in 2022.The changes to the amount of money that the Government Accounts receives will depend on the annual commodity prices;

• As soon as the legislature approves this Financial Plan, the sixth round of payments will end as soon as possible;

• We will introduce the Electronic Transaction Levy (Electronic Transaction Levy or E-Levy) in order to expand payments and to include those who are not registered with the government among the taxpayers in this country. This period will start on the first day of February in the year 2022. Cash in one day amounting to one hundred dollars (GH¢100) or less is not included in this period.

17 The Ghanaian Government - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

The Program on Employment Economy

15. In order to use money to play a vital role in ensuring financial stability, we will be implementing various program financial plans in 2022 and the period ahead:

a. the government will continue to protect the government workers salary system and in doing so, we will ensure that only government workers who have been properly employed will be registered in the government salary register;

b. In 2022 and the period ahead of us, we will conduct a basic assessment of the work of Government employees to determine the number of employees who will be needed in various Government jobs in order to get the appropriate number of Government employees to carry out their duties;

c. All the other projects mentioned in this 2022 Financial Plan to be carried out, as well as all the steps in the Medium-Term Development Plans of the Government Departments (MDAs), Municipal, Municipal and Local Government Departments (MMDAs) and State Departments (SOEs), regardless of where the funding for the project comes from, will be implemented in accordance with the law (L.I. 2411) in order to facilitate the financing and help the public sector to benefit the public.

16.We will follow the following economic measures so that we do not go astray in the short period ahead in the financial discipline path we have set:

• Only things that have been approved by the Government Services in their Procurement Plans that have appeared on the Public Procurement Agency (PPA) website will be used to account for the crime;

• The financial statements that each government agency will make each year must be those set out in the financial statements for that same year.In addition, we must know where the money for these activities comes from and how much money is available for these activities;

• No government official is allowed to sign any Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to bind the Ghanaian Government in the economy while not accepting a loan from the Minister of Finance.

The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

COVID-19 has a negative impact on health

Ghana Covid-19 Health and Personal Care Support (Ghanacares) Obaatan Pa Ministry

17. In order to reach our goal of making Ghana less vulnerable to COVID-19, the Government of Ghana has started to implement the Ghana Covid-19 Health and Personal Care Promotion Assistance (GhanaCARES) Obaatan Pa program, which has a budget of 100 billion (GH¢100 billion).

18.The following are the various achievements in the program that emerged in 2021 and then the various steps we have decided to take in 2022.

People How We Make Agriculture and Food Replacement

19. at the end of the month of April in 2021, we had registered 579,662 individuals, 547,126 farmers, and 32,536 value chain actors to help us follow their activities, to ensure that everyone knows what they are doing to help the agriculture sector.

20. The government and the various stakeholders involved in agriculture, rice, soybeans and soybeans met, and through this meeting the government recognized the various problems in their activities and this led the government to develop a plan to provide low-interest loans to the various agribusinesses to solve the problems in their activities. In this plan, fifty percent of the borrowed loans (50% subsidy on interest) will be given to the agribusinesses who are qualified to invest in the necessary agricultural products and to expand them.

21. In order to implement the agricultural activities we have started, we will take the following steps in 2022:

• we will open the Ghana Agricultural Land Information Bank (GhLIB) which will help those who want to use land to produce three crops;

19 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Program

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

• we will use social media to educate young people and connect with them about the different opportunities in agriculture; and then

• we will do research on agricultural trade by identifying the strategies and products that will support this agricultural trade so that we can provide products and services to young people.

Tourism, Industry and Culture

22.As the Government is working through the CARES program to improve tourism, industry and culture to improve the national economy, the Government has endeavoured to complete the program of National Tourism to be set up on a single tourist information centre, thereby bringing together the 300 operators of the tourism industry so that they can use tourists to carry out their duties and activities.

23. In 2022, the Government will build places such as the Adwinnie Bridge Centre, electrical equipment, equipment that damages organs, and remove roads to the visitor centre and then move some infrastructure such as electric lights, water and electricity and connectivity equipment to various visitor centres.

Clothes and Clothes for Export

24. In order to continue the work we will do with the Government's 10-Point Industrialization Agenda (Edu), we have decided to focus on improving Ghana's Small Industries so that they can produce products that will be valuable abroad, develop agricultural activities, produce many products to export and thus increase the availability of jobs to the public. In 2022, we will take the following steps:

• The various changes in the corporate structure will be accelerated and the people who use them will be in charge of the Registrar General Department;

• The government will start a plan to build Regional Business Centres that will collaborate with Technical Universities; and then

• We will increase the number of medicines we buy from the pharmaceutical companies in this country and work together with them to make effective medicines.

20 The Ghanaian Government - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

We are helping to bridge the gap between us and the rest of the world in public knowledge and have accelerated public relations

25.The Government is continuing to make good progress in the development of our tourism infrastructure.In order to complete this development, the Government has given more than fifteen million Ghanaians their own tourism cards and has also invested 7.5 million houses in the national tourism infrastructure, which helps us to know the exact location of each of these facilities.

26.The Bank of Ghana Baatan (Bank of Ghana) has launched a new e-cedi currency to promote our knowledge of foreigners.We have discussed the ways in which we use it in the Government, and the ways in which we will provide the public with the benefits of the government's public sector services on the Ghana.gov platform.

Protection of life and progress in the Health System

27.The government has begun taking steps to build a Ghana Vaccine Manufacturing Centre.We will complete the National Vaccine Institute (NVIC) to build and monitor the comparison of vaccines. The government through the one hundred and eleven hospitals (Agenda 111 programme) to be built in different regions and the National Health Insurance Scheme (National Health Insurance Scheme) will provide access to health products and make the Health centers get the funds they need to operate so that the health we want for everyone in 2030 will be achieved properly.

Youth unemployment and unemployment problems

28. In order to prevent the problem of youth employment and entrepreneurship, the Government has opened opportunities for youth and small and medium enterprises (SMEs) through various initiatives such as NEIP, NABCO, the National Sustainable Development Programme and NBSSI (now known as GEA).

29. due to the high level of cooperation between the Government and rural areas, including youth and education, in this year 2022, the Government will start building on the Ghana COVID-19 Health and Individual Activities Development Support (GhanaCARES) program to launch a program called YouStart, by investing in a billion-dollar fund (Ghc 1.0 billion) to open one million jobs per year.

21 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

This YouStart program will help those who have started their own businesses to gain money, skills, technical training and motivation to move from their own businesses to school.

Climate change action is the best way to reduce environmental pollution.

30.The post-COVID-19 economic adjustment program has given us opportunities to be able to cope with climate change more effectively through effective and efficient transportation.

31.Ghanama is implementing a plan to replace all deforestation.The government is taking steps to repair the damaged lands, to protect our forest and its animals, and to implement planning and other activities that will bring benefits.

32. In order to address the problem of logging and deforestation, the President led the public to plant more than seven thousand trees in June 2021.

22 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

The most important role in the health and wellbeing of young people

33. The 2022-2025 Medium-Term National Development Policy Framework (MTNDPF) will replace the project called the Ghanaian Medium-Term National Development Policy Framework (2018-2021). The following programs are the foundation of this new program: Ghana's Long-Term National Development Framework (Ghana@100), the Coordinated Programme of Economic and Social Development Policies (2017-2024), Ghana Beyond Aid (Ghana Beyond Aid) and the GhanaCOVID-19 crisis and private sector incentive assistance (GhanaCARES). Another goal of this project is to reach the United Nations 2030 Agenda (SDGs) and the African Union Agenda 2063.

34. This section shows the role of the Government in the various elections in this country in 2021 and the role it will play in 2022.

Employment Planning

35. In order to enable the government to provide jobs to the people, it has put in place various programs and activities such as the Ghana Productive Safety Net Project (GPSNP).

i. for the citizens of the Cities, Towns, and Towns, eighty-three thousand (80 MMDAs) of the poorest of the poor (33,952 extreme poor persons) to work and their total wages amount to fifty-three million and forty-three thousand (GH¢53.43 million total wage payout);

ii. It distributed a total of five million eighty-two GH¢5.82) to nine hundred and twenty-four million farms (9,244) in one hundred and twenty-eight communities in cities, towns and forty-one municipalities (41 MMDAs) in five Northern provinces to start or expand their activities.

36. the government's plan to give young men and women different roles, by reducing rural-urban living, and improving their lives so, through cultivation, cocoa farming, cultivation, cultivation of crops, cultivation of fruits, cultivation of infected cocoa trees and cocoa farming, a hundred and thirty thousand people created jobs (130,000 jobs were created).

23 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

solo 425

Spraying on the Kookoo fields

37. The National Afforestation Programme (NAP) gave the opportunity to hire seventy-two thousand (72,000 persons) people. Based on the Mmabunu Kwaeem Forestation Programme (Youth in Afforestation Programme) we took 35000 people, based on the Modified Taungya System (MTS) we took Dunson (17,000) and then we took 2000 people.

38.The Youth Employment Agency (YEA) based on their various branches recruited 82,869 beneficiaries. The Job Centre, which is an intermediary for job seekers and companies helped 1,185 people to get employment.

39. despite all the difficulties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we are still gaining momentum in the IDIF program. From 2017 to the present day, a total of 288 1D1Fs have been used for emergency treatment. One hundred and six of them are currently in operation (106 in operation), one hundred and forty-eight are under construction (148 construction), twenty of them are still under construction, and twenty of them are still under construction (24 pipeline projects). As of today, the companies that are starting to operate have employed one hundred fifty-six, seventy-two persons (156,782 persons) in the workplace, of which seventeen thousand, four hundred and fifty-one persons (17,451 persons) were employed in 2021.

24 The Ghanaian Government - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

1D1F Tomato farming in Domfete in West Berekum

40. In the project called Enable Youth 1D1F, fifty-eight (58 projects) of the seventy-eight projects belong to youth groups that have been collected by the Government and we have followed them financially to help them to open their own well-functioning infrastructure. Each of these organizations has about forty to forty-eight people who have invested their money in the projects.

41. The seventy-eight variants of the Diaspora 1D1F (278 1D1F) in the different regions are as follows:

Table 1: Number of 1D1F in different regions

Region 1D1F Most

Ahafo District 5

Asante District 54

Bono East District 10

Bono District.

The Central Region 19

The Eastern Region.

Nkran District 76

The Northeast Region 3

Northern Territory 6

Oti Mantam 3

Savannah Province 4

The Northeast Region 7

The Northwest Region 6

Firaw District 13

Western Region 11

Western North region 5

25 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

42. We established Free Zones enterprises to provide employment to 30,189 people in the manufacturing sector.

Akuapem Atifi Mansini shoe manufacturing

Sefwi Akontombra is a mathematician

43. It is hoped that if we can complete the various projects of 1D1F, it will allow us to create 131,817 jobs in 134 districts across the country.In 2022, the Youth Employment Agency (YEA) will be one of the 106,000 beneficiaries of 1D1F.

Aerial equipment

44. Vehicle Assembly and Automotive Industry (Vehicle Assembly and Automotive Industry) which is part of the Ghana Vehicle Industry Development program to support the Toyota Tsusho Project, opened the Vehicle Development Company in June 2021 and started producing the Toyota and Suzuki Hilux Pickup and Suzuki Swift in Ghana. Volkswagen started production in January 2020 in Ghana and continued in 2021.

45. In the year 2022 it is expected that four shipbuilding companies, including Nissan, KIA, Hyundai and Renault, will also start manufacturing the number of ships to sell.

Ghana Food / Climate Change

46. Because of the President's vision regarding vegetables used to beautify the country, the Department of Parks and Gardens planted 159,000 trees

26 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

(10,209 trees) in all parts of the country to celebrate World Tree Day.

47. In the National Forestry Program, we set our goal to plant trees on eighty thousand hectares (80,000 ha), but we can plant them on seventy-five thousand hectares (75,170 ha), and in this, we planted small trees on fourteen thousand hectares, and twenty-seven new forest plantations (14,057 new forest plantations), ten thousand hectares of land, and then the ninety-five thousand well-developed lands (10,495 ha) we also planted them, we planted trees on twenty-four thousand hectares, and twenty-eight thousand hectares (560,18 farms) here. We also planted 3.7 million trees including Ofram, Emire, Wawa, Kokrodua, Teak, Cedrela, Gmelina, Cassia, Eucalyptus and Mahogany.

© Bessom Pixels

48. Due to the project called Galamstop some of the major rivers such as Asuo Pra in Twifo Praso, Asuo Pra in Daboase, Asuo Ankobra in Bonsaso, Asuo Tano in Elubo, Asuo Birim in Osino and Asuo Birim in Bunso have all disappeared.

Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources

MLNR

49. We started using abandoned areas to protect settlements in various areas in Lake Firaw (Black and White Volta), Tano, Offin and Densu

27 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Many varieties were used to train fifty-two people (252 nursery attendants) in seven areas, and then we planted sixteen thousand small trees, nine hundred and thirty-seven seedlings (16,937 seedlings).

50. We allowed the public to stop mining in Kpone (Nkran district) and Oti (Ashanti district) and continued to work to bring about changes in the urban mining planning and the living conditions of the various communities in these areas.

51. In 2022, the Parks and Gardens Department will plant 400,000 seedlings and plant 100,000 trees in all parts of the country.

Everyone has access to water services

52.As a result of the Government program called Water for All, through which we will provide access to water to everyone, we have started various water projects, each with specific requirements.

• The first half of the Northeast Region water project (which will benefit the people of Navrongo, Bolgatanga, Paga, Bongo and surrounding areas) has reached 98 percent (98 percent completed) and will be cleaned in October 2021;

• the Tamale Water Department has completed its planning and its work is about to begin;

• The Damango Water Department has completed all its reports and plans that are about to start;

• Wenchi Water Department has completed all its plans for the start of the project;

• The Keta Water Department has completed all its plans for the project; and

• The Sekondi-Takoradi Water Department has completed all its activities and signed its contract.

28 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Novrongo's economy

The Public Relations Program

53. By the 30th of March 2021, fifteen million Ghanaians (15,656,160 Ghanaians) had been registered in the National Identity Register (NIR), and eleven million of these people, 11,648,391 Ghanaians, were granted some of the National Cards (Ghana Cards) over the age of fifteen. In addition, we registered a total of 163,695 foreigners with their Non-Citizen Identity Cards.

54. The National SIM card printing program was started on the first day of the month of Ahinime in 2021 on all types of e-commerce, and it will help prevent SIM card theft and mobile phone use that is illegal, and this program will end in October at the end of the month of 2022.

Wake up Akwan

55. By the end of January 2021, we had done timely repairs on the trucking roads connecting the major cities with 21,165 kilometers (21,165 km), which go to the crop destination

29 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

6,265 km and two thousand nine hundred and thirty-seven (2,937 km) of local roads.

56. on the 9th of October 2021 in Kutaase, we organized a public transportation event in Pokuase including public transportation, public transportation, public transportation, public transportation, public transportation and transportation.

In the beginning of the year, the chicken has become a delicacy.

57. In the year 2022, we will make repairs that include truck road closures, truck road closures, truck road closures, truck road closures on the road connecting the major cities from 25,000km to the crop areas (16,000km), and three thousand kilometres (3,500km) of urban roads.

58.In addition, we will do timely repair work on spot improvement, re-gravelling, resealing, asphaltic overlay, partial reconstruction, bridges and iron or culverts on roads that span twenty-three kilometres (23km), crops from eight hundred kilometres (800km) and three hundred urban streets. We will then complete the construction of 75km of roads connecting major cities, 150km of agricultural roads and 30km of urban roads.

59. We are continuing to carry out the following key activities in 2022:

• The second half of Obetsebi Lamptey's knot;

• The Tema Motorway driver takes the second to the next three steps;

• La coast road activity (first and second -Lots 1&2) the Nkran-Mpoano road; and

30 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Program

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

• Kumasi Lake road and Nsuka River activities.

Food Protection

60. Due to the work being done to support agriculture throughout the year, we have set ourselves the goal of building five hundred and sixty dams (560 targeted dams) of which we can carry five hundred and seven (507 dug out dams), and we have also completed eighty other dams based on the Akuraase Baako Shopping Baako system.

61. Based on the part of the Agriculture program known as IPEP, we completed the first part of the Rural Development Project and the first part of the Mankassim Development Project, which includes some 780 meters of water.

62. Due to the program to provide jobs to able citizens (Ghana Productive Safety Net - GPSNP), the Government established the Planting for Export and Rural Development (PERD) Programme to distribute 7.9 million cash crop seedlings to farmers.

TECNO CAMON

PERD small crops to be given to Kintampo farmers in the Bono East Region

63.The government established a program called Agricultural Products for Export and Rural Development to distribute rice, coffee, cabbage, cabbage, mango, and small rubber crops for a total of 1,360,589 cashew, coffee, coconut, oil palm, mango and rubber seedlings to 7,543 farmers in the Afo, Ashanti, Bono, Central, Eastern, Nkrran, Northwest, Far West and Far East provinces.

31 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

64. The government completed eleven livestock wells that we had planned to build and eleven wells for eleven different livestock sites. then the government distributed seven million, seven hundred and five hundred medicines used in livestock to treat various diseases of livestock.

65. The government continued to carry out the following agricultural and irrigation projects, all of which, if completed, will bring water to 6,766 ha of land and continue cultivation throughout the year: Kpong farming, which will bring water to 2,176 ha of land, Tono farming, which will bring water to 2,490 ha of land, and Kpong farming, which will bring water to 2,100 ha of land at Kkokpong Lake Bank. Other crop irrigation projects include those in Tamne in the North East Region and Mprumem in the Central Region, which if completed will allow crop irrigation to bring water to seventy-five hectares of land to flood rice and vegetable fields.

Tono farming and irrigation activities in Navorongo

66. By the end of 2021, we had completed twenty-three of the thirty warehouses we set out to build, based on the project Mansini Baako Akoradan Baako project. The remaining seven will be completed by the end of 2021.

32 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Program

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

The treasury of the Ghana People's Chamber of Commerce in Wenchi

67. At the end of the 2020/21 growing season, the amount of cocoa we have eaten surpassed all we have ever heard before to one million tonnes, and forty-five thousand five hundred (1,045,500 tonnes) .

68. When the Animal Research Institute Broiler (ARIBRO) program was introduced, it was the first time that CSIR had used fat to feed and grow chickens. In addition, they took care of the production of 6,023,930 oil palm germinated seeds (6,023,930 oil palm germinated seeds) to be sown in the Farming Import and Rural Development Program (PERD) and sold the production of 55,727 oil palm seedlings (55,727 oil palm seeds) to farmers.

♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

69. In 2022, the Government will continue to help cattle farmers to expand their activities by using animals such as cattle and sheep, eight thousand pigs, five million day-old calves and twenty thousand overage ones.

70. The CSIR company will continue to support the export of Agricultural Products and Rural Development (PERD) and then the Production of Food and Works Production (PFJ) programs and in this way, we will distribute small crops that we print to farmers based on the program called ARIBRO to distribute some of the same-day crops to livestock farmers.

Fire Strength

71. In order to prevent the loss of electricity during the transportation of electricity to areas where it is needed and all its processes are going to waste, steps are being taken to ensure that all of the following activities are carried out accordingly:

● Kumasi-Kintampo firepower (330KV) the first phase of the 330KV Kumasi-Bolgatanga firepower program has been implemented;

● The first phase of the Volta-Achimota electricity (161KV) project, which includes the Volta-Achimota-Mallam electricity project, we have completed eighty-three percent of it and the Achimota-Mallam project we have completed fifty-five percent;

● We have completed the work on the Bulk Supply Point, cleaning it so that it can continue to operate; and

● The Kasoa Bulk Supply Point project, through which GRIDCOs 161KV Winneba is returning to Mallam to take the local literature project, has now reached 85 percent of its capacity and it is not until the end of 2021 that we will complete all its work.

72. In order to ensure that by 2024 there is no electricity available to all parts of the country, we have reduced the amount of electricity available to the country from one hundred and sixty-two regions to one hundred and twelve regions, thereby reducing the amount of electricity available in the country from eighty-five percent and seventeen percent in 2020 to eighty-six percent and sixty-three percent in 2021.

34 ♬ Ghana Government - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Education

73. The government and the authorities in the field of education worked hard to find a better way to open schools in 2021.We gave all schools the tomomita (the limit) to distinguish between the students and the teachers.We gave the students some of the "nose mask" that can be re-washed and then, we spread antibiotics to various government and private schools. This move helped prevent the COVID-19 epidemic, thus protecting students, teachers and the public and helping students of all backgrounds to return to school for the 2020/2021 school year.

HUAWEI nova 7i AI QUAD CAMERA

74. In the government education system Fa-me-life Secondary School, we have taken another 425,061 first-year students (425,061 first-year students) to increase their total number to one million one hundred sixty one, four hundred and ninety-five (1,261,495 students). Not only that but we have given the following benefits to the other students because of the Fa-me-life Correctional School system:

• 4,135,284 exercise books

• One million, seventy-seven, five hundred and forty-seven notebooks (1,767,547 notebooks);

• 395,571 physical education kits;

• 1,734,800 cartridge art paper for visual arts students;

• Acrylic paints for water-based acrylic paints (34,696 water-based acrylic paints for visual arts students)

• The Student Drawing Board has 27,391 technical drawing boards; and

35 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

• 27391 sets of technical instruments.

75. In addition, we have taken on one hundred and eighteen other high school activities, all including classrooms, dormitories, administration blocks, library and dining facilities.

Health

76.The table below shows the progress of COVID-19 up to the fifth day of October in 2021.

Table 2: Panel statistics on COVID-19

Special services. Blood tests. Those who have had it. Those who have recovered. The dead. Those who are sick.

This time the support is 446,782 49,609 125,320 1,203 1,274

There has been a decline in education. 876,926 78,092

Foreign Travellers (KIA) 585,781 2,907 2,811

The population is 1,909,489 130,608 128,131 1,203 1,274

77. When the international campaign for a vaccine against COVID-19 infection ended quickly, panels also added the old restrictions that were

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

79.Because of the steps we are taking to expand drone services in healthcare services that need to be taken to all parts of the country, the government and the company we call Zipline have announced that they will move two other small airline facilities to Anum in the Eastern Province and Abujuro in the Western Province.

80. The government will speed up the development of Section 111 (Agenda 111 Project) including the construction of one hundred and one municipal hospitals (101 district hospitals), seven regional hospitals (7 regional hospitals) and three psychiatric hospitals (3 psychiatric hospitals).

81. In the year 2022, we will start building 11 No. hospitals with 40 beds (40-bed hospitals) and 1 No. hospitals with 30 beds (30-bed hospitals) in Asante, Bono, Nkran and Eastern Provinces.

Number of people

82. We ended the population and housing program on the eighth day of October in the year 2021. Its historical results were published on the twenty-second day of March in the year 2021 which shows that the total population of Ghana is thirty million, seventy-two thousand, sixty-eight (30,792,608). Of these, there are fifteen million, six hundred and ten million, one hundred and forty-nine (15,610,149 million females) who make up fifty percent and then seven percent (50.7 percent) of men.

♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

there are fifteen million, one hundred and eighty-two, four hundred and fifty-nine (15,182,459 million males) which is forty-nine percent and three-quarters (49.3 percent).

2021 People and Adana

83. In 2022, we will conduct an Integrated Business Establishment Survey (IBES) that will help us to get reliable and timely and highly needed corporate accounting reports, so that we can plan and find ways to improve all parts of this country.

♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

He has heard

84. This 2022 Economic Plan is very important in the steps we are taking to return to our past where we will not go back again, and we will have positive changes that will help us reach our vision that Ghana will reach the point where we will not need help (Ghana Beyond Aid).It is very important that we take care to compare our needs, our desires and our goals well as a nation and a people.

85. This step will require us to take more steps to ensure that private entrepreneurship and entrepreneurship take root in this country. We have made efforts and efforts to gain good connections and skills that will help us to add to the various steps in our activities that we have shown in this Economic Plan. Let us all work together!

86. God bless our nation Ghana!

39 The Ghanaian Government - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Meaning of words (Words in the Financial System)

Mansini Baako Afidiniya Baako Afidiniya (1D1F): These are a variety of industries that will be opened in the country and thereby improve manufacturing in Ghana.

Accountability: This refers to the government's accountability to the public regarding its activities and the reports it has made at various levels.

Allocation: This is a way of allocating public funds for the various government agencies and organizations to use for the public.

Alleviation: This is a way to reduce the effects of a problem.

Budget: A financial plan refers to a plan made by the Government for how to get money and how to spend it. For example, a family can create a financial plan by listing how much money they have and the various things they need to use the money to finance them. It can include housing costs, water and electricity costs and food costs) When they need the amount of money, the family will need to ask for extra money or even go to borrow.

Budget deficit: This occurs when the government spends more than the government actually receives.

Capital Expenditure: This is money used for mining such as travel, schooling, hospital dancing, cleaning, agriculture, water, big technology and so on.

Compensation of Employees: This is the monthly salary of employees, various types of money, life insurance money, travel insurance money, etc. paid to government employees.

Development Partners: This refers to countries or organizations that support countries that are now improving to reach their development goals. these can be banks such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank, etc. these can also be private banks such as Germany, Nyiresi Aburokyire, the United States, and others.

End Year Inflation: This is the increase in the price of goods in the month of December in a specific year.

40 ♬ Ghana Government - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Expenditure Overrun: This happens when the amount of money spent on various projects exceeds the amount set aside in the financial plan approved by the parliament.

Free High School Education (FREE SHS): This free high school education is a new government program introduced by the government of Prime Minister Nana Akuffo-Addo in November 2017 that any JHS student who passes the exam will be allowed to study in the High School for free.

Government Grants: These are a variety of financial aid provided by the Mpontuo Animals to help the Government that is not paid by the Government.

Grants to other Government Units: This represents money that is required by law to be paid into the DACF, the Lorekwan Road Fund, the Education Fund and the Petroleum Related Fund.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): This refers to the value of all the things we do in this country at a certain time.

Gross International Reserves: This is a measurement used to measure the economic strength of a country to buy from abroad in a certain period of time. This helps to compare a country's image to another country to see how the country has economic strength.

Inflation: This refers to how the prices of various activities and products increase over a certain period of time.

IPEP (Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme): This is one of the most important activities in various NPP Government programs, the goal of which is to send information to the villages, especially the poor areas there and thereby help to reduce poverty and change the differences between rural and rural communities.

Macroeconomic targets: These are measurements based on a country's economic performance.Examples of these are economic growth, higher prices, improved employment rates, increased trade between the country and other countries, how the government's initial financial restructuring or deficits will affect the value of goods in the country.

41 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

Small Business Development Programme - MSME (Micro And Small Business Development Programme): Small businesses are private enterprises that can employ a small number of people whose income depends on the work to exceed a certain amount of money.

Nation-Binded Volunteers- NABCo (Nation Builders Corps): This is a very new idea that the Ghanaian Government has developed recently to allow young people who have graduated to get a job in private or government jobs and help to acquire their knowledge to solve various life problems, thus helping them to gain experience that will help the country's economic development.

National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI): The National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI) is a non-profit public corporation that exists but rather, it is an agency under the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, which is authorized by law to oversee the success of Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs).

Non-Oil Real GDP (Non-Oil Real GDP): This is the value of all the products of this country, excluding the money from various oil activities, based on the high prices of goods.

Non Tax Revenue: This is government revenue that does not come from taxes.

Outstanding Obligations: The amount of money that the Government has to pay to the Ministry of Finance for the various Government services and then, the amount that has existed since 2016, which is required by law to be paid by the Government in various statutory fees.

Primary balance: This is the amount of money remaining after the government has approved all the money it hopes to get, including some loan guarantees, (meaning the loan to be paid by the government) and the way we calculate this is by calculating it as a percentage of the total value of the country's Gross Domestic Product.

Projected Growth Rate: This is how Ghana's economy is expected to improve in a given year.

Revenue: This is the amount of money the government receives from its various activities in this country and abroad.

Rearing For Food and Jobs (RFJ): This is a new program of the Government of Ghana to increase the production of cattle and raise money so that the population can eat and eat cattle that we bring into this country, and thereby reduce the number of jobs for the citizens

42 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Plan

We are building a country where private enterprise will be established through the Good Economic Planning and Employment Plan

they will also improve the lives of all those who work in veterinary medicine.

Social Benefits: This is the amount that the Government pays on behalf of the citizens to the water, gas and light companies to give more value to Ghanaians.

Asenesoro Subsidy: This is a type of financial assistance provided by the Government to the citizens to relieve them of their burdens.

Surveillance: This is a way of keeping an eye on something and observing how it is doing.

Transparency: This means that the Government will let the citizens know what is going on and hear all reports in a timely manner.

Use of Goods and Services: This is the amount of money paid by the Government for the work they do and the work they do for the public.

Value Added Tax (VAT): This is a value added tax applied to various commodities in each commodity exchange.

43 The Government of Ghana - 2022 National Children's Economic Program

© 2021. All rights reserved.No part of this publication can be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted by any or any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance