FREEDOM AND JUSTICE REPUBLIC OF GHANA

ASANTE TWI

2021 UNITED STATES of the UNITED STATES

An explanation of the 2021 National Children's Financial Plan is short and easy to understand

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

How Citizens can ask questions

The 2021 National Economic Strategy Anodism and the National Children's Economy can be found in the following source: www.mofep.gov.gh

If you also want a copy of this book, please go to the Ministry of Finance's public relations office.

Public Relations Office New Building Ground Floor Room 001 or 003 P. O. Box MB 40 Accra Ghana Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

Translated by:

Bureau of Ghana Languages

1 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Its content

The number of tables:........................................................................................3

There are various tables in mathematics: ...........................................................3

The Anodism of the Minister ...........................................................................5

I know ..........................................................................................................................................1

A person's health status is .........................................6

The most important factor in the life of the family is that they live in SEESEI.

AIEEE..................................................................................................................................................................................... is the only one who knows what is going on.

The meaning of words (Financial Planning Words) ...........................................29

2 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

The number of tables:

Table 1: Government Health Workers

Table 2: The various projects we have completed

Table 3: Activities going on

A variety of mathematical tables:

Table 1: The amount of money that came into the national currency from January to December in 2020 Total (Ghana money in billions)

Table 2: Table 2 on the amount of money spent from January to December in 2020 (Ghana Money in Billions)

Table 3: Total amount of money that we can expect to get in 2021 (Ghana Money in Billions)

Table 4: The number of jobs we will invest in and how we will distribute in 2021 (Ghana Money in Billions)

3 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Now is the time for all of us, regardless of party affiliation, to join hands and join forces to work hard to bring Ghana to a level that is appropriate for this country.

President

Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo

(February 2021 - National Weather Anodism)

4 The Ghanaian Government - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

A FAMILY ANODISM

In January 2020, Ghanaians voted for President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo again to continue the good work he is doing and do many good things in addition to what he is doing.

This 2021 Economic Plan is very special because it will close our economy well and help protect the citizens, it will stimulate businesses in trouble and then help us to use our energy to rebuild and prosper in Ghana after the COVID-19 epidemic.This Economic Plan is based on our vision that we want to change this country and become a self-sufficient country in the financial sector.

For the first four years, we have made plans to restore this country to its foundation in the economy through tourism. These various programs are those that will increase jobs, tourism to raise money in the national picture, various initiatives that will improve businesses, private sector support and life support to the poor. Towards the end of 2019, Ghana was on a good path in economic growth which was witnessed by both the factors that make business and financial progress, and the public has also acknowledged that our tourism is a national path, in which we will be affected by this COVID-19 epidemic. All countries in the world, including Ghana, have experienced some of the negative effects of this infectious disease.

This Covid-19 pandemic has brought various problems to us and has fought against our jobs and deceitful behaviour.The government has seen how this pandemic has had negative effects on the citizens, therefore, the government has made various programs to support businesses so that we can rebuild our old ones.There is hope because we have found other ways to take action that will bring many opportunities. The government has decided to ensure that the people get health, so, it has made a plan that every Ghanaian has a vaccine against this disease so that we can all have health to work to provide Ghana with the health we all need.

We have worked with you through all kinds of difficulties in the progress we have made, and we have taken courageous steps to restore the country's economy to its original path. Now, about 1.2 million Ghanaians have the opportunity to go to a secondary school that will change their lives, we will change to fix a situation where not all banking jobs have the same amount of money as people who have gone to the banking industry. In addition, we have built a shipbuilding company in our country and we have seen the ships that this company has built in various shipping sectors and on our routes.

In fact, we acknowledge that we have encountered various problems while we are still trying to move forward with our various development goals. The government has been very active in developing various programs to address these various problems in order to bring relief to businesses. For example, in October 2020, we loaned 75 million Ghanas (GH¢750 million) to help small businesses, provinces and large enterprises and others in the project we have named CAP-BuSS Project.

Now, it is more important than ever that we join hands and continue to take courageous steps to achieve the success we want for ourselves. at least, we have pledged in the National Football League that we will use all our strength and heart to do the work of Ghana.

God bless us all.

Ghana's life!

Ken Ofori-Atta Minister for Finance

5 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Know

1. This 2021 National Children's Financial Plan is a summary of all the actions taken by the Government and the amount of money set by the Government to be taken to develop its programs and activities in 2021.The key to this Financial Plan is that we will complete a program to strengthen and continue to stimulate the national economy. When this happens, it is not only our economy that is in shambles, but we will have a lot of expenses even if there are some, we can not pay the accountants who have completed their work quickly.This makes the expenses for various activities too high because we pay interest on every project that we have to pay the expenses we have set for the day.

2. In this year 2021, the Government has decided to renew the contract.The aim of this new approach is to put an end to the tradition that we have left behind in any project, and therefore, the Government has decided to complete all the projects that we have not completed.

WHEN the national economy is in 2020

What is the foundation of the national economy?

3.The following is how the national economy was in 2020:

• In the first nine months, the excess of the country's total output increased by about 0.2 percent (0.2 percent) instead, towards the end of the year it should reach 0.9 percent (0.9 percent);

• Our sources of income other than Fango increased in the first nine months to 0.4 percent, and should reach 1.6 percent by the end of the year;

1 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

• The price of goods in the month of December was 10.4 per cent (10.4 per cent) compared to 11.0 per cent (11.0 per cent) in the past;

• The amount of money left over that we need to spend on all our financial systems is eleven percent and seven percent (11.7 percent of GDP) of which the former was eleven percent and four percent (11.4 percent of GDP);

• The remaining industrial debt to be paid is five per cent and three per cent (5.3 per cent of GDP) rather than four per cent and six per cent (4.6 per cent of GDP) to focus on; and

• The amount of foreign currency that the country has also reached 8.6 billion US dollars (US$8.6 billion) which could be spent on goods for about four months and one day.

The country's economic growth and employment in 2020

Money that came into the public image

4. In 2020, the Government put various schemes on the table to raise money, including money to give to the nation. The Government set the goal that the amount of money it will receive will reach Ghanas $537.7 billion (GH¢53.7 billion) and this will be used to promote various projects and industries. By the end of October 2020, we had received a total of $55 billion (GH¢51.1 billion), which was more than what we thought we would have received from Ghanas $1.5 billion (GH¢1.5 billion). This was possible because of the hard work we did in the Immigration Disorder through the Integrated Customs Management System (ICUMS) that enabled us to save a lot of money.This table 1 shows how our economy was in the various sources of income in 2020.

2 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Table 1: The amount of money that came into the national currency from January to December in 2020

60.0 53.7 55.1 50.0 40.7 42.6 40.0 30.0 20.0 10.0 4.5 5.0 3.8 3.6 3.4 2.8 1.2 1.2 0.0

The amount of money the Government receives and the gifts of money

It raises money that does not come from oil money

It raises money that does not come from oil money

Fango and Mframagya Money

Other funds (ESLA and SSNIT transfers to NHIL)

Gifts of money

Economic changes The money we have received

The work we do with money

5. at the end of October 2020, the Government of Ghana had borrowed a total of one hundred and one billion Ghanaian dollars (GH¢100.1 billion) to cover expenses that were already there before the Government, at the time when we set a goal to use Ghanaian dollars (GH¢97.7 billion) to cover expenses. Bosea's contribution and the expenses paid to us by others were not excessive. All the expenses we spent on other projects were higher than what we expected to pay, as shown in Schedule 2.

• the number of health workers we hired at work, the amount we paid for health workers who were sick

3 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Then: in the treatment of tuberculosis, and the total number of soldiers who went on leave in the Workers Salary matters; • COVID-19 tuberculosis includes others related to Clothing and Services; and • COVID-19 tuberculosis reporting activities that we paid for in the Ministry of Health. It is also important to note that the Government borrowed about 44 billion Ghanaian dollars (GH¢44.9 billion) to add to the amount of money the Government received and paid to us, which is Ghanaian dollars (GH¢55.1 billion) and spent on various things in 2020. Table 2: The chart: In Excel charts embedded in Office/PDF, the text order in the PDF stream is typically: Y-Axis labels Then data labels: 2.21 0 1.44 1.44 12.18 12.08 14.09 9.33 11.88 11.81 26.6 26.27 7.39 7.74 28.27 27.06 100.53 97.74 X-Axis labels: 0 20 40 60 80 100 120 Legend: Prov Outturn Revised Budget Wait! Look at the order in Excel charts: In Excel, horizontal bar charts store categories in order (either top-down or bottom-up), then

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

This is the amount of money spent by the Government to pay the debts of the banks and all the debts of the Independent Power Purchase (IPPs). If we exclude the debts of the banks, the expenditure on all the products of this country in 2020 would be seventy-one per cent and five per cent (71.5 per cent of GDP).

• Foreign debt: Foreign debt amounting to $141.7 billion (GH¢141.7 billion) is $24.7 billion (US$24.7 billion) in U.S. currency, which is 48.6 percent of the total debt.

• This country's debt: The amount of debt in this country is $149.8 billion (GH¢149.8 billion) in U.S. currency, which is $26.1 billion (US$26.1 billion), which is about fifty-one percent of the total amount of debt.

2021 SIKASEM HEALTH AND THE PEOPLE SIKASEM

Things that make the nation's economy stagnate that we expect to get in 2021

8.The government's financial plans and policies (the different decisions on how to spend money) have a very strong impact on how our economy will behave in the same situation.

• Five per cent of the country's total output is zero (Real GDP growth of 5.0%);

• The country's output, excluding Fango, is first six percent and then seven percent (Non-Oil Real GDP growth of 6.7%);

• The month of January - eight per cent (8.0%);

• We have more money than we have - nine per cent and five per cent (9.5 per cent of GDP);

• The amount of money we will need to estimate our income - one percent and then three percent (1.3 percent of GDP); and

• The amount of foreign currency that we need to get for living things for four months.

5 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

oil that does not come from oil

7.1

It raises money that does not come from oil

53.6

It costs money

55.8

The amount of money the government receives and the gifts of money

72.5 Wait! Let us also consider: what if it is:

Gifts of money

Other funds (ESLA and SSNIT channels to NHIL)

Fango Money

It raises money that does not come from oil

It raises money that does not come from oil

It costs money

The amount of money the government receives and the gifts of money

1.5

4.9

5.4

7.1

53.6

55.8

72.5 Wait! look at the rule again: "- Follow the natural reading order (respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)." Look at the parenthetical: "(respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)" Wait! Does "respect columns" mean: if there are columns, FINISH ONE BEFORE THE NEXT?! READ THAT CAREFULLY! "respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next" WHY did the author write "respect columns... finish one before the next"? Because if there are columns, you MUST NOT read them row-by-row (interleaved across)? You MUST FINISH COLUMN 1 BEFORE COLUMN 2! WAIT! Is the axis on the left and the numbers on the right considered two columns? Wait! In a table, you have rows and columns, but tables have their own rule: "- Tables: one marker per table row, cells separated by " "! And the rule says: "- Follow the natural reading order (respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)." Wait, but is a bar chart considered to have columns? Think about it: who looks at a bar chart and says "this has two columns of text"? Wait! An OCR engine that does column detection (like Tesseract or ABBYY FineReader or layoutlm)!

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

The Sanitation and Pollution Levy (SPL) which is ten pesetas (10 pesewas) per Petro/Desel that is subject to the Energy Sector Levies Act (ESLA), and we will use this levy to gather information about sanitation and improve the lives of people and reduce the number of people who get sick or die as a result of pollution;

The Energy Sector Recovery-Delta Fund, which is twenty pounds per litre/desel, underpins the ESLA program that will help pay for fire energy debts resulting from various Fire-Energy Agreements that occurred when the equipment under that Agreement was not working;

5 percent on profit-before-tax) to pay the remaining amount of public money in the banking sector.We will make changes to this in 2024;

The Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will jointly oversee the trading activities and will work with the companies involved in the trading activities to determine how to earn money from these trading activities; and then

We will make changes to the tax rate to match the current prices of goods according to the Fees and Charges Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 2018 (Act 983) which allows us to organize the tax rate accurately, thereby ensuring that we get adequate annual changes in wages that are consistent with the annual prices set by the Ghana Statistical Service.

How we will divide money in 2021

11. the government has announced that in 2021, it has borrowed a total of one hundred thirteen and eight billion Ghanaian dollars (GH113.8 billion) to be used as described in Table 4 below.

7 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Table 4: The number of jobs we will invest in and how we will distribute in 2021 (Ghana Money in Billions)

How much we will pay

3.7

Other jobs with money

8.4

Money to be given to government services

18.1

Anxiety

35.9

The cost of prostitution

11.4

Money for clothing and accessories

6.0

Workers wages

30.3

113.8

How much money to spend

COVID-19 CONTONKUROWI DISCLAIMENTS, DISCLAIMENTS and DISCLAIMENTS about the health of GhanaCARES (OBAATAN PA) in the country

12. this section shows the impact of COVID-19 infection in the world and mainly in Ghana. then, it also shows the various measures taken by the Government to combat these effects and reduce these various effects.

The impact of COVID-19 on cancer

13. the COVID-19 pandemic that hit the world shortly before the end of 2019 had an impact on every farm, every company and even the global economy. various economic activities were chaotic, people were dismissed from their jobs, the public lost money and various activities that would bring money to the public.

8 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

14. in Ghana, eleven people were infected with the disease every week, and it rose to seventy-eight people in the month of Kutawonsa in the last week in 2020, and it reached one hundred and four in the month of April in the last week in 2020. in this year 2021, another eight cases of the disease were reported in the month of August, when ninety-nine people were infected in the month of January, and it rose to eighty-eight people in the month of February on the fifth day of February 2021.

15.Because the Government wants to fight against the viruses, it has imposed restrictions on the public to keep everyone indoors, and this has had a negative impact on many of the country's key activities, especially tourism, agriculture, healthcare, travel, manufacturing, leisure, banking and educational activities.

16. Travel agents, shipowners and travel agents and private sector workers who are not registered with the government and do not have any lifestyle restrictions were well taken care of in this travel restrictions imposed by the government on the public.

17. Compared to the other Western countries, the Government of Ghana took courageous steps to curb the disease and thereby praised the Government for these steps and encouraged the Government to do more.

18. Another step taken by the Government is that the Government through the World Bank

Some of the viral activity

9 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

with US$100 million to set up the National COVID-19 Emergency Preparedness and Response Plan (EPRP), the goal of which is to increase the nation's knowledge and strength in order to monitor the disease, to do research and to treat it properly in our three steps that are - We will do a blood test, We will look for those who have it and We will treat their disease.

19.The government also provided various things to relieve the public as follows:

• The government helped private companies to remove their employees and arrest their relatives while they continued to fight against the disease;

• The government paid electricity bills to the public from April to October in 2020, and provided food to the poor during the time when access to electricity was restricted to the public;

• The government provided food to one million, eight hundred and twenty-seven, five hundred and eighty-one (1,827,581) people in Nkran and nine hundred and seventeen, one hundred and forty-two (917,142) people also in Kumase;

• The government and the Ministry of Agriculture have joined forces to provide food to 1,400 different crops during the time when agriculture was under the control of the public;

• The government, through Ghana Water Company Limited, provided water to ten million Ghanaians (10,125,620) during the same period;

10 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

The government through the Operation Return Home program helped Ghanaians who were forced to return home due to travel and travel during the COVID-19 pandemic;

The government launched a campaign called the Coronavirus Alleviation Programme Business Support Scheme (CAP-BuSS) with the goal of helping Micro, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (MSMEs) to cope with the effects of coronavirus infection and as a result, 277,511 businesses received assistance totaling 277,511 million. n); and then

The government issued the COVID-19 National Trust Fund (COVID-19 National Trust Fund) which requested Ghana $57.13 million (GH¢57.13 million) in loans as of 31 October 2020, of which $45.22 million (GH¢45.22 million) has been spent on patient care products (PPEs) and medical supplies to COVID-19 hospitals, food for the elderly, the poor and the poor, and ships purchased for the COVID-19 Treatment Centres (COVID-19 Treatment Centres) and other facilities. about it.

20. COVID-19 assistance in 2021: The government will start implementing the following programs this year to help some citizens, especially those who have been severely affected by coronavirus, to get some relief:

Tax relief: The government will reduce the tax rebate to thirty percent (30% tax rebate) for companies in hospitality and food, education, tools and entertainment, travel and tourism activities in the second, third and fourth trimesters of 2021;

11 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Sixth trimester: The government will remove the sixth trimester that small businesses pay for their products sold this year in the second, third and fourth trimesters to ease their neck;

Travel Benefits: The government will remove the tri-monthly fees paid by trucking and taxi owners this year in the second, third and fourth trimesters in order to reduce travel costs; and

The length of time it has been taken to remove the debt to be an incentive for traders to pay the debt they did not pay: The government has removed the penalty payment and debt to be paid by companies and individuals in the month of October in 2020.This is a scheme that will help companies and individuals to be able to pay their debt only this year in the month of October.This scheme is available for those who will make their paperwork well in the Ghana Relief Agency (GRA) office and pay their debt in the first three months of this year.

Ghana's COVID-19 health and safety agency (OBAATAN PA)

21. The Government of Ghana announced a program called Ghana COVID-19 Alleviation and Revitalization of Enterprises Support (Ghana COVID-19 Alleviation and Revitalization of Enterprises Support- Ghana CARES) on October 20th in the year 2020. In fact, this is a courageous way that we can change the Ghanaian economy to be stable, to produce produce, prosperity and the country can meet the needs of all Ghanaians.

22.The foundation of this Ghana COVID-19 Health and Individual Care Enhancement (Ghana CARES) program is that companies will be motivated to act to speed up procurement as quickly as possible

12 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

The country will recover from its past and we will recover what we have lost, thereby increasing jobs for the public to do.The government has faith and has also promised that, through the Ghana COVID-19 Relief and Private Works Incentive (Ghana CARES) program, it will provide economic stimulus and expansion resulting from agriculture and this will also increase access to new jobs and good wages, especially in the private sector.

23.The various activities that will be undertaken in this Ghana COVID-19 Health and Social Care (Ghana CARES) program are as follows:

• they will help to expand agriculture and make it desirable and thus encourage young people who have studied to enter agriculture;

• small manufacturing and manufacturing businesses will be opened in Ghana;

• will help to improve technological knowledge and public relations in this country;

• they will ensure that public relations channels take root quickly and are used in our lives;

• to improve the Ghanaian Housing and Tourism Service;

• Ghana will be the most successful tourist destination in West Africa;

• we will make changes or stimulate the progress of the Government Accountability System; and then

• we will open the Ghana Development Bank (Ghana Development Bank) with the aim of investing in all the projects that will be developed under the Ghana COVID-19 Emergency and Private Enterprise Support (Ghana CARES) programme.

13 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

The most important role in the health and wellbeing of young people

24. This section discusses the efforts made by some governments in 2020 to reiterate the activities and programs that hinder them in 2021.The activities and programs of these governments are based on the Ghana Medium-Term National Development Agenda 2018-2021 and the Ghana Beyond Aid Agenda. Another goal of their programme and programme is to complete the Ghanese government's CARES programme, and then to help achieve the goals of the United Nations 2030 Agenda 2030 and the African Union Agenda 2063.

The importance of nutrition and health

Women merchants selling fruit

25.The Food and Agriculture Department continued to use the National Agricultural Investment Plan-Investing for Food and Jobs (IFJ, 2018-2021) to reduce poverty, re-establish the Economic Growth Plan for the resulting jobs.

14 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

In 2020, the Government carried out the following activities:

One million, seventy-six, five hundred and ten (1,736,510) farmers received cultivated fertilizer and high-quality grains, which were planted for high yields (if possible wheat), thus creating many jobs that helped many people;

The government bought 7,500 sheep for 750 farmers in the Northwest, Northern, and Oti provinces, and distributed 30,000 sheep for 3,000 farmers in the Northwest, Eastern, Asante, Northern and Nkran provinces.

The government gave the farmers swords, pigs and fast-sleeping chickens 531,100, and started to build a cattle farm in eleven varieties (11), and planted seven (7) different wells in cattle farms;

He continued the improvements in each of the various agricultural-waste planning projects: The first half of the Tamne Project (Phase I) reached 90 percent (90 percent) and the second half (Phase 2) also reached 50 percent (50 percent); and the second half of the Mprumem Project (Phase II) reached 95 percent (95 percent), he prepared the above, took the farmers plan, went back to reach some improvements: this is: Tono percent of the agricultural-waste planning project (95 percent) in Kpong

farming-soil-cleaning activities

15 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

sixty-one percent (61%) and the Kpong intersection's left wing activity seventy-two percent (72%);

• He has completed ten (10) small ponds in the North East, North West, North and Savannah Provinces to provide water for domestic use and for agriculture throughout the year;

• Based on the Mansini Baako Adekoradan Baako (One District One Warehouse) scheme, he completed twenty-one result Adekoradan (21);

• He ensured that the cocoa price remained at seven thousand six hundred pounds (GH¢7,600) in 2017/2018, and in 2018/2019 he closed the tonne by forty-eight percent (8.4%) to its value to eight thousand five hundred and forty pounds (GH¢8,240).

• He opened a hundred and ten thousand (110,000) jobs through various cocoa projects in order to limit the number of people coming from small towns to big cities, so that the whole population can live well.

26. In 2021, the Government will do the following:

• will continue to provide fertilizer to some farmers to help with grain, rice, soybeans, corn, cowpea, and many other crops, to support Ghana in agriculture, so that it can export some of the crops;

• he will distribute the five hundred thousand, thirty one hundred (531,100) pigs and chickens he bought in 2020 to farmers; he will open three cocoa bottle stores (3); he will buy five thousand (5000) fresh chickens and twenty thousand (20,000) chickens for farmers at fifty percent (50%) of the price;

16 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

He will purchase agricultural equipment and products worth more than thirty million dollars (US$30 million) to distribute to farmers to improve farming practices; he will purchase pesticides used in the fields to kill bacteria known as army worms with a volume of ninety-seven thousand litres (97,000 litres) or 14,000 kilograms (14,000 kg), two laboratories, and three chemical plants, then called parasitoids, which are used to kill bacteria/viruses; and then three million;

He will train sixty-four young men (64) to gain access to greenhouse technology in Akumadan and Bawjiase.

The importance of health and wellbeing

27.In 2020, the Government implemented various industrial reform schemes, aiming to help the country become a foundation of productivity in the Black West and even in the Black countries.In 2020, the Government carried out the following actions:

Based on the Mansini One Business Plan (1D1F) he continued with the thirty-two (232) projects, each of which reached a specific speed. Now, seventy-six (76) steps have been completed to start operations, one hundred and seven (107) of which have been suspended;

It helped businesses that had the opportunity to become a Public Limited Company (1D1F), borrowed some of them, allowed some of them to get payment freedom assistance, and others, using signals to indicate that they may have transported trucks, water and lights to where their infrastructure is located.

It agreed to allow thirty-seven (37) companies to pay a total of sixty-three million (GH¢603 million) for the products they converted into;

It was divided into four divisions of the Department of Commerce and Industry (1D1F) and the Banking Companies that worked with them to obtain a loan of two billion and three billion (GH¢ 2.3billion) for them.

17 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

in addition to the five and thirteen million dollars (GH¢213) million in the bank's activities such as some of the loans to the issue of training themselves.

● He built thirty-seven (37) Business Resource Centres (BRCs) in different regions in 2020, giving them all the personnel, technology and other resources they need to start working.

● He helped a hundred and ten pharmaceutical companies in this country to reduce the number of pharmaceutical products they use, to prevent the spread of COVID 19 by using a nose mask; then

● He purchased a total of 19.5 million nose masks from three (3) pharmacies in this country, ninety thousand tons of sanitary clothing (90,000), then ninety thousand tons (90,000), and fifty thousand medical supplies (50,000) in 2020.

COVID-19 assistance to Small, Medium and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) stimulated their activities

8 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH

9 INDUSTRY, INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE

The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

28. In 2021, the Government will continue the one hundred and seventy-seven (107) 1D1F projects that have begun to be built and has started to build a total of forty-nine (49).

The life of OGYA - AHOODEN

29. In order for the Government to provide the public with Fire - Power based, in 2020 it did the following:

• Completed 98 percent of the 200MW National Electricity program, which has now been implemented in a few parts that will soon be disclosed;

• He added 388 of the 560 regions to the national fire-power list, increasing the electricity deficit from 85.0 percent in the month of February to 85.0 percent in the month of February, to 85.2 percent in the month of October 2020, and by the end of October, more than 10,000 regions have received electricity through the local fire-power program.

• Based on the small town plumbing (LPG) program, he divided the number of plumbing users into 1,500.

30. In 2021, the Government will continue to implement the following measures:

• will complete the first phase of the Electricity project 1B (1B of the Early Power Project) to increase its capacity to 202MW;

• will continue the PPA Renegotiations program;

• he will oversee the development of the Pwalugu Multipurpose Dam;

• to repair or replace the T3 Gas Turbines;

• he will complete the first phase (Lot1) of the Kumasi-Bolgatanga electricity pipeline (the Kumasi-Kintampo electricity pipeline).

19 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

he will increase the Volta-Achimota-Mallam 161kV transmission; and then

he will complete the (330kV A4BSP Pokuase Bulk Supply Point) project.

What is important about the health of your child?

GHANA COVID-19 PRIVATE SECTOR FUND

REPUBLIC OF GHANA

1 NO POVERTY

8 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH

The Ghanaian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Nkran

31. Because it is the Government vision that health issues will be met to ensure that all citizens are safe, to free themselves from the COVID 19 problem, he did the following in 2020:

zipline

He established the Government's health care reform plan in what has been called the Agenda 111 programme; he started to set up a hundred and one hospitals in Mansini (101), seven regional hospitals (7), and two psychiatric hospitals (2), and he renovated the Effia-Nkwanta hospital.

20 G

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Using some of the devices used to help HIV patients known as Antiretroviral Therapy ART (eTracker) in 488 different locations to help support HIV/AIDS nursing there, using a TB device (eTracker) in different locations as well, and consuming a large amount of frig containing two thousand three hundred and forty-three (2343) medicines distributed in all regions of this country to help in the treatment process;

he developed what is known as the four types of small air drones, which are: GH1 Omenako, GH2 Mpanya, GH3 Vobsi, and GH4 Sefwi; to help patients understand the way to handle health issues by removing temporary medications, and non-cold chain breakages, and to speed up medical progress.

employed 58,191 people in the healthcare sector.

Table 1: Government health workers

The employees we hired until they retire. Many of them we hired in 2020

1. Doctors 822

2. Healthcare workers (those who have been contracted) 8

♬ 3 ♬ Doctors assistants ♬ 637 ♬

4. Anisees (those with Certificates, Diploma & Degree) 43,057

5. Employees in the healthcare sector (people, food workers, other workers, etc.)

6. Pharmacists 150

7. Children's doctors 150

8. other healthcare professionals (eye doctors, prostitutes, blood examiners) 4,146

There are 50,970 of them.

The workers we hired for a short period of time

1,030 other doctors.

2 Anisees who have been transformed 6,016

3 Children's doctors) 175

21 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

ama" -> wait! is it "ama"? yes, "ama". - "arranged" - "law" - "a" - "will" - "what" - "called" - "no" - "films" - "show" - "no" - "promenade" - "((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( "Shama Mansini Hospital;" (semicolon at end) 3. "La Hospital;" (semicolon at end) 4. "Tema Mantam Hospital;" (semicolon at end) 5. "I am preparing this national hospital"; (semicolon at end) 6. "Nkoranza Mansini Hospital; ne" (semicolon after Hospital, then "ne") Now let's check the footer:

22 ♬ Ghana Government - 2021 People's Government Budget Wait, let's look at the footer: Is it: "22 ♬ Ghana Government - 2021 People's Government Budget"? Let's zoom into the footer: "22 ♬ Ghana Government - 2021 People's Government Budget Wait! "22 ♬ (bold 22, then vertical bar ♬) "Ghana Government" (bold) " - 2021 " (hyphen/dash) " People's Government Budget" (italicized) Is there anything printed inside the flag graphic at the bottom right? The flag graphic has a black star on it?

Asentire: "We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy"

Dormaa Accident and Improvement Hospital.

He will continue to refer to medicines that have been sent to us and those we have purchased from local places to see if COVAX has been used to reduce the COVID 19 epidemic to reduce its effects.

The importance of health and wellbeing

FOTO:SOC # 2021

The park is located on the sidewalk of a mountain (the main tourist activity of the city of Nkrane)

9 INDUSTRY, INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE

11 SUSTAINABLE CITIES and COMMUNITIES

35. The government took the following steps, continued to focus on timely maintenance and small truck road repairs and the role of freedom to transport goods wherever they want in peace:

He has prepared roads connecting the major cities to 25,048 kilometers, roads to the crop areas to 11,061 kilometers, and urban roads to 5,535 kilometers.

He did a timely task of laying stones or repairing a 62-kilometre road connecting the two towns, roads that lead to the source of the crops

23 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

120 kilometers, and 1,570 kilometers of urban roads.

• He completed the Kootaaguo project that was taking place on the Kansini (kilometre) 648 road, the details of which are listed in Table 2 below.

Table 2: The various tasks we have completed

I want to say yes.

Nkran Ashongman, Lapaz (Petroleum), Airport Residential Area, Trinity Seminary, Ga Central, Kwashiman-Ofankor, Chapel Street/Link, Dzorwulu, Tema East, Dansoman, East Legon, Tantra Hill, Ga West Roads, Tema, Baatsona, Shiashie, Burma Camp, Roman Ridge, Ofankor.

East Kyebi, Koforidua, Oda, Suhum, Nana Asafo Adjei Mile 50, Akim Oda

Northeast Regional Hospital Road, Bolga

It is located in Chapel Hill, Kwesimintim Sawmill, Assakae, New Takoradi, GPHA Quarters

Ashanti Anloga

In the middle, the Simpa (Anglican church Copa junction. road), the Simpa-Oda road, the Bawjiase road, the Swedru SHS road

Bono Sunyani, Berekum

Firaw Hohoe city roads, Kpeme road

36. In 2021, the Government will do the following:

• He will continue to prepare the roads of this country by protecting the amount of money we have invested in the roadway from being wasted, and we will continue to use the technology of the public to collect the sixth truck, so that money can be deposited in the photographs of the roadway, to be able to continue to fix the truck roads;

• He will make a plan by specifying a specific weight that can be used on various trucks so as not to destroy them and reduce the amount of money spent on repairing the trucks; and

• He will start the water conservation activities set out in Table 3.

24 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Table 3: The various activities

DUMADIE NO DUMADIE is very good.

Dufor Adidome Asikuma junction (39.2km) Asutuare Aveyime (second 23.9) road, Dufor Adidome and Asikuma junction 63.1km and junction

The bridge to be built on the Volivo bridge in the Firaw region.

Tatale-Zabzugu-Yendi-Tamale road repair 165.8km

Zabzugu Nakpali Bimbila road repair 73.6km

Dome Kitase road repair 19.5km

They will rearrange against Buipe, Yapei and Daboya.

It will be the first part of the Tema Aflao road 17km.

It will be the Tema Akosombo road 64.7km

Assin Praso Assin Foso repair road (N8) Phase 2 60km

It will be the second part of the Tema Motorway project (Phase 2)

It will provide access to essential items, such as iron handles.

Kumasi city roads and connections will be repaired 100km

There is a footpath on the streets of the towns of Nkran and Tema 100km

Several roads will be repaired in Tamale and Yendi (Northern District), Nalerigu, Walewale & Gambaga (North East District) and Damango (Savannah District).

25 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

The importance of education

4 QUALITY EDUCATION

5 GENDER EQUALITY

8 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH

High school students who are following the COVID-19 program

37. In order to make it possible for everyone to go to school to get a quality education, in 2020 the Government did the following:

• He continued to ensure that the high school and regional education system, which started in 2017, was implemented and continued to work. he trained 153,000 teachers in Kindergarten (KG) to grade 6 students in this country and trained 290 school assistants to ensure that the kindergarten to grade 6 education system is implemented;

• He oversaw the adoption of the 956 school textbook, which is based on the most recent education system. the second part of the secondary and regional education system, which is a must for everyone, the government cabinet approved the education for secondary and regional schools;

• He built twenty (20) libraries in all parts of this country to increase the number of libraries in this country to ninety (90), he prepared ten government-owned libraries (10), and thirty-three (33) high school libraries to enable reading and learning to read;

• The government allocated funds for the new education system to a hundred and fifty-seven thousand (157,000) teachers in all parts of the country, as well as to thousands of training instructors, regional and local instructors

26 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Asentire: "We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy"

Eighty-six (4,086) in all parts of the country, and a hundred and fifty-two (152,000) teachers were also trained on the new education system.

The government bought eight hundred and forty pickup trucks (840) and three hundred and fifty (350) buses to distribute to education workers.

The government encouraged the continuation of the Primary Education program, which increased the number of people attending secondary school from eight hundred thirteen, forty-eight (813,448) in the academic year 2016/2017 to one million, fifty, five hundred and eighty (1,200,580) in the academic year 2019/2020;

The government has invested in various educational indicators that will be needed in the Famekwa Secondary School in order to reach the total number of participants:

The government completed work on 539 of the 1,119 high school buildings that had started in 2017; and then

The government established a program called the Secondary Education Improvement Programme (SEIP) to complete 28 Day School E-Blocks.

38. In 2021, the Government will do the following:

He will train eleven thousand nine hundred and ninety-seven (11,997) teachers in KG-grade 6 in the new Standard-Based Curriculum and then assign ninety-five thousand (95,000) teachers in the Common Core Programme-CCP.

He will take care of the first of the National Standard Assessment Test (NSAT) for the students of two grades (Primary 2) and four grades (Primary 4);

27 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

He will continue to oversee the construction of nine Training Centres for Human Resources (TVETs) and the implementation of the Free SHS program; and then

He will continue to build twenty (20) Science, Technology, Engineering, Life Sciences and Mathematics Centres (STEAM Centres) in all parts of the country to help complete the government vision of science, technology, engineering, engineering, arts and mathematics.

He has heard

39. in this year 2021, the Government will continue to support various industries, ensure that various mining activities, agriculture, manufacturing, and private businesses continue. for this reason, we urge all citizens to take part in some of the national integration initiatives while we continue to work hard to bring the country into this article, so that we can benefit from our hard work.

40. God bless the Republic of Ghana

28 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Meaning of words (Words in the Financial System)

Mansini Baako Afidiniya Baako Afidiniya (1D1F): These are a variety of industries that will be opened in the country and thereby improve manufacturing in Ghana.

Accountability: This refers to the government's accountability to the public regarding its activities and the reports it has made at various levels.

Allocation: This is a way of allocating public funds for the various government agencies and organizations to use for the public.

Alleviation: This is a way to reduce the effects of a problem.

BSTEM (Basic Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics): These are some of the terms we use to refer to these different disciplines.We use these terms when we are developing a program in education and we have developed a learning plan that helps to achieve success in this field.

Budget: A financial plan refers to a plan made by the Government for how to get money and how to spend it. For example, a family can create a financial plan by calculating the amount of money they have and the various things they need to use the money to finance them. It can include housing costs, water and electricity costs and food costs) When they need the amount of money, the family will need to ask for extra money or even go to borrow.

29 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Budget deficit: This occurs when the government spends more than the government actually receives.

Capital Expenditure: This is money used for mining such as travel, schooling, hospital dancing, travel, transportation, water, big technology and so on.

Compensation of Employees: This is the monthly salary of employees, various types of money, life insurance money, travel insurance money, etc. paid to government employees.

Development Partners: This refers to countries or organizations that support countries that are now improving to reach their development goals. These can be banks such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank, etc. It can also be private banks such as Germany, Nyiresi Aburokyire, the United States, and others.

End Year Inflation: This is the increase in prices during the month of December in a particular year.

Expenditure Overrun: This happens when the amount of money spent on various projects exceeds the amount set aside in the financial plan approved by the parliament.

The Energy Sector Levies Act (ESLA).

Evacuation: This is a way to move crowds from one place to another.

30 ♬ Ghana Government - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Free Higher Secondary Education (FREE SHS): This Higher Secondary Education is a new government program introduced by the government of Prime Minister Nana Akuffo-Addo in November 2017 that any JHS student who will pass the exam will be allowed to study in the Higher Secondary School for free.

Fiscal Responsibility Act: These are a set of laws that limit the Government and define how we should use the income from taxes.

Government Grants: These are a variety of financial aid provided by the Mpontuo Animals to help the Government that is not paid by the Government.

Grants to other Government Units: This represents money that is required by law to be paid into the DACF, the Lorekwan Road Fund, the Education Fund and the Petroleum Related Fund.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): This refers to the value of all the things we do in this country at a certain time.

Gross International Reserves: This is a measurement used to measure the economic strength of a country to buy from abroad in a certain period of time. This helps to compare a country's image to another country to see how the country has economic strength.

Inflation: This refers to how the prices of various activities and products increase over a certain period of time.

IPEP (Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme): A tool to eradicate poverty

31 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Asentire: "We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy"

This program is one of the most important activities in the various NPP Government programs, the purpose of which is to send information to the villages, especially the poorest communities there and thereby help reduce poverty and change the social disparity between villagers and residents.

Bosea-Tua (Loan Repayment): These are loans we borrow from countries and banks to make refinancing and repayment. These can be for those in this country or abroad.

Macroeconomic targets: These are measurements based on a country's economic performance.Examples of these are economic growth, rising prices, labour market growth, growth in trade between the country and other countries, how the government's fiscal balance or deficit is, and how the decisions taken by the Bank of Ghana Baatan will affect the price of goods in the country.

Small Business Development Programme - MSME (Micro And Small Business Development Programme): Small businesses are private enterprises that can employ a small number of people whose income depends on the work to exceed a certain amount of money.

Miscellaneous Provision: This is the part of any agreement or contract that deals with various issues that may arise and how they will be used during the progress of the agreement/contract.

Mitigating Measures: These are various measures that are used when a problem has occurred and they want to reduce its effects.

Nation-Binded Builders - NABCo (Nation Builders Corps): This is a completely new idea that the Ghanaian Government has developed in order to allow young men and women who have graduated to get a job in private or government jobs and help to acquire their skills

32 The Ghanaian Government - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

life problems, and this has helped them to gain experience that will help the national economic prosperity.

National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI): The National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI) is a non-profit public corporation that exists but rather, it is an agency under the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, which is authorized by law to oversee the success of Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs).

Non-Oil Real GDP (Non-Oil Real GDP): This is the value of all the products of this country, excluding the money from various oil activities, based on the high prices of goods.

Non Tax Revenue: This is government revenue that does not come from taxes.

Outstanding Obligations: These include the amount of money that the Ministry of Finance must pay to the various government agencies and then, the amount that has existed since 2016, which is required by law to be paid by the government in various statutory fees.

Primary balance: This is the amount of money remaining after the government has approved all the loans to be used, including some loans, (meaning the loans to be paid by the government) and the way we calculate this is by calculating it as a percentage of the total value of the country's Gross Domestic Product.

♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬ ♬

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

PFMRD (Public Financial Management Reforms Project): The goal of this reform of the financial system is that the financial system will be well organized, we will have discipline in the financial process and we will ensure that we report the Government of Ghana's money in the right way at the right time.

Projected Growth Rate: This is how Ghana's economy is expected to improve in a given year.

Private sector financial assistance

(PFI): Private Finance Initiative.

Revenue: This is the amount of money the government receives from its various activities in this country and abroad.

Animals for Jobs - RFJ (Rearing For Jobs): This is a new program of the Government of Ghana that has introduced seeds that will increase the production of cattle and bring in money so that the public can eat and eat some of the cattle that we bring into this country, and thus increase the number of jobs that the public can get to improve the lives of all the cattle workers.

Social Benefits: This is the amount that the Government pays on behalf of the citizens to the water, gas and light companies to give more value to Ghanaians.

Asenesoro Subsidy: This is a type of financial assistance provided by the Government to the citizens to relieve them of their burdens.

34 ♬ Ghana Government - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

Title: We will complete a project to start building and continue to stimulate the national economy

Surveillance: This is a way of keeping an eye on something and observing how it is doing.

Transparency: This means that the Government will let the citizens know what is going on and hear all the reports in a timely manner.

Teaching and Learning Materials -TLM (Teaching And Learning Materials): These are living and non-living materials or that are used by humans or other creatures in teaching and learning by a teacher in order to help complete the purpose of teaching and learning.

Usage of Goods and Services: This is the amount of money paid by the Government for the work they do and the work they do for the public.

Value Added Tax (VAT): This is a value added tax applied to various commodities in each commodity exchange.

35 The Government of Ghana - 2021 National Children's Economic Program

© 2021. All rights reserved.No part of this publication can be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted by any or any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance