You say, say no

See YOYE and AKO DROU AND ONE

YE'SE was born of a cow, and she gave birth to a beautiful cow. She gave it to everyone, she said she'd marry. When she said she said, "No. " She said, "No. " And the cattle grew in your field, and a little vine came. One day she bloomed, she said a pot of o'cams", and said to everyone about the fruit, "Give it to me", she said, she gave it to the cow. She grew up, she said, "I have become a virgin, Ohema came. " Yes, she became a virgin; when she grew up, she grew up in the city of Osiim. O'cams and she died. She grew up in the city of O'cams, and O'cams fought against the city of O'camas, and she grew up in the city of O'camas, and she said, "Oh, I have become a virgin, O'came a virgin, and she grew up in the city of O'camas, and she grew up in the city of O'camas, and she grew up in the city of O'camas, and she grew up in the city of O'camas. Ohema said, "Aden is the one who threw a spear at my opponents!" Ohema said, "Thank you, Amu." He said, "My four, 'Amu.'" He said, "Thank you, Seven". He said, "My four, 'Eson.'" He said, "Thank you, my wife." He said, "Yes my husband has married you." Ohema said, "Come with Onini to his father's house. Then he believed, he said, "My wife, I have come to my country". His wife said, "I have been with you. " Onini said, "No." Onini said, "No." Onini said, "Beka, beka; Ohema said she does not listen. Now Onini has turned himself into a helper; and Ohema came to him and said, "Tell me what you heard, and I have become married to you, and you hear you cry with your father, you say, 'Biribi-nni babi'; I will kill you; I will punch you in the head' and hold the wine for me; say something, your food will be wasted". Ohema came to him, o'titi ape drink. Then he said to himself, Ohema came to him and said, Ako and o'twam. Ohema came to him and said, "Agya Ako, good Ako", and Ako put his stones in his mouth. Ohema said, "Titi in my head". Ohema said, "Me'nntiti, my sister, if you curse me, kill me". Ohema said, "O'ntiti, my sister, if you curse me, kill me". Ohema said, "O'ntiti, my sister, if you curse me, kill me". Ohema said, "O'ntiti, if you curse me, kill me". Ohema said, "O'ntiti, if you curse me, I will not curse you?" Ako said, "Oohema, my sister, if you curse me, I will not curse you". Ohema said, "Oohema, my sister, I will not curse you". Ohema said, "Oohema, my mother took me and I will curse you". Ohema said, "Oohema took me and I will curse you and I will curse you". Oohema said, "Oohema took me and I will curse you". Oohema said, "Oohema took me and I will curse you and I will curse you". In my own words, if it is good, if it is not, just take some, and add some.