You say, say no

HO HU SE ANANSE

ANANSE is the one who raised it, and Nyankonpon has Nsia's disease. And he's got 'dunsini said ommefwe him. O'Baye said he took a shout peredwan to say o'fwe and the sickness. And Ananse said to Nyankonpon, This servant took your money for free, o'ttimi n'koke, and I will take it to you, and say my mouth is not my mouth, I will take my head. And Ananse took a bath, and he took Nyankonpon and said, Say my mouth is my mouth, your eyes are your eyes. Say hello, and the mouth is not your mouth, and I will give it to you. Ye'see, This is my mouth Ananse's mouth is my mouth, and I will remove my head. Ananse took a bath, and he took Nyankonpon saying, Say my mouth is your mouth, your eyes are your eyes. Say hello, and the mouth is not your mouth Oboo 'Kusie replied, Die my stomach, so help me. 'Kusie see, I will help you better? He said, I will laugh at you so that you can put your stones under the cup of Akopem Nyankonpon. Okusie said, I will bless you. And it sounded good. 'Kusie beboo Ananse replied, I've finished. Ananse fought freely with 'ba Ntikuma; and he cut him off; and he arrested him saying, drink, and he refused the cup, and when he said Nyankonon sat down on the cup of sleep, the next morning said:

You kill the Ananse below!

If you stop speaking Ananse, you will learn a lot of foreign languages!

Ntikuma sat under the chair, and Ananse stood and said, "O'ko Nyankonpon". Okoroye was held by Nyankonpon's cousin; he was held by Nyankonpon's cousin; he was held by Nyankonpon's cousin. And the goddess said to him, Yo Kwaku Ananse, you said to Nyankonpon, 'This person, if Nsia dies, he will not kill you; because Nsia is dead, he will kill you.' Ananse said, Don't let me speak my mouth. And the cousin's ears drank his cousin's cousin. Ntikuma added: "You killed this Ananse!

If you stop Ananse, you will die!"

Ye'se, "Listen, listen!" and Aben asked again:

"You kill this Ananse who is drunk!

If you stop Ananse, you will die!"

Kontirehene's voice was loud and said to Nyankonpon, "Your God and the Lord of the Earth bless you. Pray you have Ananse your death. The Lord of the Earth says 'Fire him'. So if you fire him, it is good".

My advice to you, if it is good, if it is not, just take some, and add some.