We say, say no

SE EYOYE A, OSEBO AND ADOWA EBEFA YONKOO

OKUROTWIAMANSA was born with it, and he told someone to drink it. No one is allowed to drink it. He said, Aya Osebo, I trust you and you say better? Osebo said, Peace me Peace him. And we cried. Osebo stopped drinking it. Ozebo said to Ozebo. The dust settles, and a fever breaks. Ozebo said to Ozebo. Ozebo said to Ozebo. Ozebo said, Kwasea panin Ozebo, he said, Kwasea panin Ozebo, he said, Kwasea panin Ozebo, he said, Kwasea panin Ozebo, he said, Kwasea panin Ozebo, he said Kasea panin Ozebo, he said Kasea panin Ozebo, he said Kasea pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa Kwadwo, his thighs, and his flesh; it was more than clothing, so where did he put it? And Osebo stood on his shoulder. One day, Adowa was sleeping with him again. Osebo said, O! when I thanked him, he came to my shoulder to take the box. Osebo knocked one of his shoulders put his clothes on his shoulder; and he threw his box and his safoe on his shoulder. The next day, Aberewatia woke up, and said Adowa has opened his eyes to see the Elderly. Adowa said, Nana Elderly, you opened the door, and brought you to me, the old woman said, Your door, you will run. Adowa saw, Aserampon, and Ta kese, and Dwomo, and Apeya, and Konkroma, and Ta kora, and Krakye Dente, say to me, if you close me, I will not run. When your door is closed, I will not run. The old woman said, OM heard the door open, and the child died. Adowa's child was born. Adowa cut off his paper, put it on his face, and put it on his face, and he cooked his meat and put it on fire. In the morning, Kwadwo came. Adowa said, Aden is the one who said, Aden is the one who killed Adowa; his meat is the one who killed Adowa. Osebo said, Peafo! So he put his heart in his mouth to drink, Peafo! He said, Peafo! He said, Peafo! He said, Peafo, He said, Peafo; He finished eating his food; he sat on it, Kwadwo Peafo. When he came together, he said, Peafo! Adowa spoke to his mind Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo Peafo , Peafo Peafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo !Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Prafo Ozebo said, Do you say better? Ozebo said, My eye says, even his thigh, and his flesh, says, Do you know what it is? Ozebo said, Memo on, on, on, on! Ozebo said, Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Ozebo! Adowa came to his house, and he went to his room. He said there was no way to do it, except to say goodbye to him. Adowa grew up and opened the door, boom! Then Osebo cried, he could not find a way to go to Adowa's house. Osebo stood and begged for help and said, Please don't let us go to arrest Adowa for me, and who abused me, please give me your greeting before I meet you Then Kusie said, Kakuo has planted the tree, and your children have planted the tree, and let us only add to the tree. Kakuo has added the tree to the house, soul! soul! soul! and wafo. He sits on the roof, and says bere thanked Adowa, and Adowa took the tears he had made, and put them in his mouth; and he spit on Kwakuo's face. Kwakuo has spit on Kwakuo's face. Kwakuo has spit on the animals. Adowa heard this, and he said his knife, namnamnam. Kokotee, shut up, shut up! and his mouth came out of the house. Adowa put the knife at the mouth of Kokotee, and he cut it. Kokotee said, "Kokotee Asamoa, shut my mouth." The animal stood behind, saying, "O a'Peafo; shut your eyes, shut his mouth". Kokote opened his head; he blew his mouth. The animal opened his mouth to Kokotee, Ene's mouth, shut it! Kokote said e'beye, takasi. He said, "Now I'm not here; this is why I'm sleeping and dying, before I kill Adowa". Adowa heard this, and he threw the book to himself, and he closed the room behind him. Then he came to Osebo. He said, "O! sadwo, how good is your phone, Adowa o'dieben? Just let our house help him and come". Ye'siim's house helped him. Adowa said to Osebo, "Take your father to stand for me, and I will not hide it". Osebo said, "Your help!" He stood and put his things to sleep. Adowa added wine to his house, and he continued to stand. He said, "Osebo e!" He said, "Your brother!" He said, "You are a fool, a beast, I will kill you to kill you. Then I will kill you to take your father's wife?" Osebo said, "I will kill you?" Adowa said, "You will kill me". And Osebo said, sit down! sit down! sit down! sit down! sit down! and Adowa said. Then he called to Adowa and said, "I say to Yaoada come and take 'yonkoo". Adowa said, "I won't tell you what to drink unless you drink to idols". Osebo said, "I agree, and my mouth is not good for you". Adowa went to Osebo's mouth to drink to idols. Adowa said to him, "Don't ever touch me; tell me to kiss me and kiss me, kiss me again". Osebo said, "I will". Osebo said, "Even when you drink, I put my hand on your lips to kiss you, I will kiss you again".

My advice to you, if it is good, if it is not, just take some, and add some.