We said,

See YOYE A ANYANKONSEM is to be free of ANANSESEM

KWAKU ANANSE has called on Nyankonpon to give it to Nyankonsem. God says, Where have you been? Ananse says, Ei! God says, Akuro akantinka is going to say Kokofu, Bekwai, Asumengya fruits, antimi plant, and your Kwafwiaban is going to be your plant? Ananse says, Edieben is the best? God says, We are not going to say, We are going to say, We are going to say, Animals grow, grow, grow, grow, grow, grow, grow, grow. Ananse says, I am going to bring some of my stuff, I am going to bring my elderly, grow, grow, grow. God says, Ko bring it. Ananse said, Konsam, go to the nations, God says, please help me, God says, please help me, grow, grow, grow, grow, grow, grow, grow, grow, grow, grow, and grow, and I will say, please help me, Ananse said, You are the best, God said And Ananse said to him, You hold your tongue and cut your tongue, and add demere to it, and bring it. And Ananse said, Take your tongue. And Ananse said to him, More than that, more than that, more than that, more than that. Ananse said, That's what he said to him. Ananse said, My tongue takes my tongue, say this is your length, and I say help. Ananse said, Fra come, think of me. Ananse said, "Take your tongue." And when he grew up, Ananse put his tongue on him, true! true! Ananse said, My tongue takes my tongue, say this is your length, and I say help. Ananse said, Fra come, think of me. Ananse said, "Take your tongue". God said, "My hands have touched, my hands have touched the water". Ananse said again to his wife, "He has touched the water". His wife said, "Please drink, take a cup of water, and drink it". Ananse cried out in the wild, and finished some of the water and poured it on the cup. Ananse poured some water on the cup. Ananse poured it on the same one and cut the cup of bread to cover its head. Then he lifted the cup and said, "This cup of water, go to your son and drink this cup of water, you will come to me to drink it, your eyes say to me to put bread and drink it on the cup of wine?" In other words, Ananse said, "You have touched your mouth, Akane, you have touched your mouth". He says, "Fools I love you, I fight for you to win Anyankonsem. " Ode Moboro one for God. God says, "I have touched my hand, I have touched my hand". Ananse came again, holding his wife and saying, "Aka Osebo." Aso says, "Ko tu amana." Ananse says, "Stop and see." Enie Ananse says, "Stop and see". Enie Ananse says Osebo's mouth and touches his mouth and touches his mouth tententen, he covers it, and he goes home. "I have told you to drink wine, drink wine, drink wine, and drink water, so that you will drink wine; tell me to drink wine, so that you will drink wine; tell me to drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine, so that you will drink wine and drink wine; tell me to drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and drink wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine and wine. God said, "My hands have touched, my hands have touched." Ananse went and swallowed the Farmer's Son, and the vine suffered to touch the Farmer's Son; there was dust, and some of it burned in the Farmer's Son's hand, and some of it put in copper; he caught the fever in the Farmer's Son's thigh, and he swallowed it to the bottom of the pot to play with the chickens. And the chickens went. He said, "Father, do I have some of these chickens?" And when Ananse swallowed, the Farmer had stones on his head. The boy said to his brother, I thank you, please. The boy's brother said to him, Bo is silent. And his nose, good! And his hands are touched. Oka said to his brother, My hands are touched. He said, Take the remaining cup, please shut it again. And he drank it well! he added to it. And the boy said to his brother, My hands are touched. He said, Take your hands are touched. He added to it, and his hands are touched. And Ananse went to bind it; He said, Kase you, and I fought for the gods. And he fought He fought for the gods. He fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, he fought for the gods, and he fought for the gods. He said, God, Children, the elderly whom I have saved, too. God has freed Kontire and Akwam, and Adonten, and Gyase, and Oyoko, and Ankobea, and Kyidom. And he said, The king has prepared the fruit, we have prepared the Goddess, Kwaku Ananse has planted the vine; I have accepted the wine; I have accepted the Goddess; I have accepted it I have accepted the Goddess; the same Ananse has planted it; the birds have planted it. He said, Your king. See, ! Awake, see, Kaku Ananse, please, please, please, please, please, please, please! We will not release it again Anankonsem, and we will release it Anansesem.