You say, say no

Say YOYE A WOKO DANM' ANADWO A, and TUMM

YE'SE Kuntukurunku and Kuntunamoa went out and fell to the ground. Ye'see, "Earth, your body." Earth says, "Why do you call me hello? " Ye'see, "Your mother is not my mother." Earth says, "Pray say, "Your mouth is coconut." He says, "Why do you eat my body?" Earth says, "I am old, and you don't understand it, stop it." Earth says, "Pray say to Abena, "You, take my body." Abena says, "Aden has judged me?" "Pray, "I am old." Abena says, "You have judged me?" " He said, " Eat your ears, and you don't understand, stop. " Sumina said, " Eat your ears, and you don't understand, stop. " Sumina said, " Eat your ears, and you don't understand, stop. " Abe said, " Eat your ears, and you don't understand, stop. " Sumina said, " Eat your ears, and you don't understand, stop. " Sumina said, " Eat your ears, and you don't understand, stop. " Sumina said, " Eat your ears, and you don't understand, stop. " Sumina said, " Eat your ears, and you don't understand, stop. " Sumina said, " Eat your ears, and you don't understand, stop". 'The dog passed by' he cried 'The dog caught fire and burned him. 'The dog o'one, he got two bullets and beat him to death at the mouth of the Okagya valley. And Okagya took the bus and beat Onyina. He was angry at her. Obefwe said a dog attacked him, and he tore his leg and beat him to death. Say to the dog Nyankonpon 'come. He was right there' they caught Onyina, they beat him in front of Nyankonpon. We asked him, "Do you understand?" He said, "I tell my grandfather, Okagya, the dog said, let the bishop fish and take the apple from me, and on me, this dog passed me to see Okagya, and I took my guard and drank it, and said to you, baby. " God says, "Take him alone to pray", and do not kill Okagya's children. " Okagya said; He said, "Nana, you know that my feast is here and now, and Okraman has fought against my valley, and I can only see my head and drink Akora God. " God said, "Take him alone to pray", and do not kill the dog. " Ye'ko took the dog and drank it. Okraman says, "Grandmother, I walk with my grandmother, please tell me to listen, and Grandmother Grandmother to listen to me; and Okagya, Grandmother Grandmother to listen to her cold fields, to drink and drink, and bonm", and I am the Elder to listen to my grandmother; that is why I put my weight on her mouth". God says, "Don't just put her in bed", and you are the only ones to listen to Grandmother Grandmother. "Grandmother Grandmother Grandmother said. She said, "Yes! I, my grandmother, don't listen to my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, I believe; I am married to Bospra; I hate Tampirira; Okraman is the only one who knows, and he is the only one who knows, and he burns Tamiri to make his mouth drink the water that I believe in. Take him to jail, and you alone take Tamirias children to jail". Tamirias jail. He says, "My grandmother, my grandmother, this little Elephant, came under my eyes, and I fought to kill him. And tell me I know him". God says, "Don't take him to jail", and you alone take the Elephant's prison. " Ye'ko took the Elephant's jail. The elephant said, "These days I have been sick, and I have become my king; when I am tired, Sebe, the old man says 'this fool is the one who is hurting me' to eat meat and eat meat; and I say 'set my foot, and fight against Tamiriwa". God said, "Don't throw him in jail" and you alone make the commands. " The old man said to him, "Nana, like yourself, say fruit, and it is sweet; and he said to me, Old man, if you take me, have mercy. The next day, Abe told me that my ears were black, and I was small, and I said to myself, "The elephant is my only meat to eat". God said, "Don't put it in my mouth", and you can only eat Abe's children". Abe said, "My words are: I and Sumina have eaten, say it is the right time, and say it is not the right time, and say it is not the right time, and I will take some to eat my stomach"; food I say my stomach is the right time. That is why I take my eyes off my stomach, and I will eat my stomach. " God said, "Don't take it", and Sumina said. Sumina said; Sumina said, "My mother, and my father's house is the best place to eat my stomach". God said, "This is why I take my eyes off my stomach, and I will eat my stomach on it". God said, "Don't take it", and Sumina said. Sumina said, Sumina said; he said, "My mother, and my father's house is the best place to eat my stomach, and I will eat my stomach. Nana did not take anything from her, she said, 'Sumina, your medicine; I saw 'a', and Abe ate it for you. " God said, "Take her to jail" and free Abena yourself". Abena baye; she said, "Nana, 'Please pra pra 'home and say don't give it to me, and say the wind price, the medicine will come again; the day I did not take it, she said, 'your medicine'. That is why I am happy and I am fighting to eat Sumina tea. " God says, "Put it in bed", and you alone pray. " 'Please pray; he said, "Grandmother, the Earth is tetrete; when I am angry, my fruit is not standing, and it is beautiful; when I am sick, the Earth caught me and said, 'Your mouth is dry, and I am angry, and I am angry, and my fight is over.' " God says, "Put it in bed", and you alone, the children of the Earth come. " The earth said, "Grandmother, I am sleeping; I am angry; I am not saying anything; I am not saying good things, I am saying good things, I am saying good things. aden?' he said, 'your mother came to give you her name',' and he was tetrete free.' So, I ate 'Pray so try." God said, "Don't put him in jail, and you alone take Kuntukurunku and Kuntunamoa to come." Kuntukurunku and Kuntunamoa came. Ye'se said, "Nana, let us go and play, and let us go and fall to the ground and rest, and eat from the ground, say his tetrete". God said, "Father, these things don't stand in your ears, let us only pray for one another, and eat at night".

My advice to you, if it is good, if it is not, just take some, and add some.