You say, say no

Say YOYE A OKA's name is KO, and KOBO's name is OKA's name is KOBO

OBA's father was a farmer, and he was not a farmer; and he called one of the gods his father was a farmer. And his father was a farmer and he caught him saying, "The farmer says to you, eat no meat except dwanbereboo, and the meat of the sea is bad". Then he said to his wife 'fuom' and he gave dwanbereboo to his son Kra, saying to bring food to his son and he said 'come.' The dog was on the way, and Kra quietly followed him. Kra feared that his master would beat him, and he would suffer. And at the same time, Ohema came and said, "Kra!" Kra said, "E!" He said, "Say my soul to you what will you give?" Kra said: " I say, I say before I die, I say before I die. The sheep sing and sing and sing and sing and sing, Then I go and sing and sing and sing and sing, Kokote Asamoa, Kuruti Amoa and sing; Gyanoa I have no one, Farmer 'Pan'in voice I have no Denk's voice. He said, 'De'ko, my grandmother.' He said, 'Ya'ku.' He said, 'Brafoo see oma your grandmother.' He said, 'Y'abrawo.' He said, 'My brother and your grandmother are where, and I send you?' He said, 'My grandmother came to my grandmother's hometown Sekyere Gyamase.' He said, 'Deeben came to my grandmother's hometown Sekyere Gyamase and his grandmother came to him, Oboama said, Agyei 'Ampon; my grandmother's father fought against my grandmother, Enna's grandmother fought against my grandmother's father, Enna's grandmother fought against my grandmother's father and his grandmother fought against his grandmother's father'; Mdu did not come, but Ntim Sekyere, Kwakye? Adwoa e, Adwoa e, river Kobi, Tontoroni Ya, Ode Nsee.'

The dog met his old lady. Her old lady said, "This is my son and I met him, and I left him at home, and he left him alone, and he ran away to eat?" Ohema said and arrested his next slaves to say hello to him. He called him; he ran away, he rained water, and Kra shouted at him. Ye'ko agreed, and Ohema 'turned to Oka', and he shouted at him; and Kra said to Okobo, his eyes turned to sensans.