We said,

SE YOYE A KWAKU ANANSE TO KAKRAKA MAKE HIS HEAD is KETEWA

KWAU says he will eat some rice, and Kwaku Ananse says he will eat some meat and food fruits and his Aso says he eats some rice, he eats people; he eats some rice, and he eats vegetables. And the Ananse cuttlefish stood to drink some rice. Kwaku Ananse says, On the morning of the feast, the priest sang:

The soil is dry, the soil is dry, the soil is not dry.

Ananse says, This song is good, why don't I join? The funeral says, To join. And he adds:

Farmers are not allowed to drink water, they are allowed to drink water, farmers are not allowed to drink water.

Odomankoma prey is it good to wash your head and wash your face?

Cucumbers are not good for swimming. I have not showered on my head.

Water is not good for vegetables".

Ananse finished, and the spider caught him saying, "Ye'afwe, you've got meat, you've eaten kenten, you've been drinking, you've been drinking, you've got your head on the pot and you've been fighting; and the spider caught you saying, while you're singing this song, you've got your head on the pot". Ananse said, "The spider you gave me, my spider, and the spider sang to me to make me feel better?" The spider said, "Wie, kore." Aniseim'now.

"Crops are dry, the head is dry, Crops are not dry".

Ananse heard the song and said:

"Does a man wash his head with water?

Water is not good for vegetables".

He died shortly afterwards, and his head had collapsed. Ananse continued to beat him. He said,

"Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Then Ananse stood again and his head was shaking, kutukum! and he raised the stones. He said, "Kamanfuo e! ananse e! ananse e! quiet! Wa fre afre afre, and he stood quiet!" Then he drank Ananse's drink, which he did, and he stood up and he drank, sebe, and he drank, and he said, "Kwanraka take me, and tomorrow when I meet you, I will give you some". Ene says you see Ananse and his head is small; it comes from his ears.

In my own words, if it is good, if it is not, just take some and add some.