We say, say no

SEDIE EYOYE A FUROU DI HYIA

OBOFUO fought for two pairs of grapes and seeds, and he and his youngest son fought in the field to kill meat. He fought four times, and he and his youngest son lived in the field. In the middle of the day, when the cattle fell, the cattle reached the bottom of a tree, and it was a game. Then the cattle thought to themselves, When I fight home, we will take this fuel money, I also won , so I will put this fuel on my journey and die. Everywhere and someone says, Odomankoma bomotion. And the cattle say, Agya. And someone says, Aden you have not paid for yourself, and say Ko-see-home home , I would have let you eat some. In the middle of the night, somewhere of my cattle . There is no one saying, "Somewhere, Somewhere Odomankoma bomotion. Agya. And someone says, Aden Aden you have not paid for your cattle, Somewhere of your cattle of your cattle of your cattle of your cattle of your cattle of your cattle home s cattle home s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle s cattle There was something saying, "Cut your eyebrows two times, and close your eyes and run to one side, and put your eyebrows one more than another". He said, "I'm done." Something said, "Put your eyebrows together". He nodded, and his eye shifted between the two eyebrows. The eyebrows stood in the middle. Then the eyebrows appeared to say Okodee. He said to the eyebrows, "Every eyebrows that doesn't come out, it is the eyebrows". The eyebrows said, "Oh, I heard." Okodee said this, and he got wives, grandchildren and grandchildren. At that time, his wife Boniaye-kae-dabi had heard his feeling of being a king, and he planted a vineyard, and he went to the king's city, and his son burned him. When he arrived, the king said to him, "You're here to drink wine and drink your face". And he took the wine, and gave the people to stand and drink it.

The next morning, he was taken from Gyasehene's house to the king's house.

The king and his chiefs stood in front of the throne. He came and stood in front of his father and saw the 'Kodee' come to the throne and said, "Father, please".

When the children who had been drinking had come, they stood in front of him again. Ononso saw the son of Kodee and said, "Father, this is me". He cut his throat and cut his shoulder to make him fall, and he started crying. And his mother said, "Aden is the one who cries?" And he said, "Father is the one who laughs at me." And his mother said, "Yes!

If he laughed at you better than his wife Boniaye-no, he would not have laughed at his 'child.'

Boniaye-kabi said, "This is enough to make you cry for me". He said so, and the two of them joined together". He said. And the crown said, "The ten-fold tree that your father's wives are on; you will die. " So he took the stone, pimpen! pimpen! Sa's time when Okodee was fighting back, and he left his children to the Old and Old-Akroma.

Then, 'Ketere tramye said, "Pimpeao!" and the tree stood up. He went back to fight about it again. N'Oketere said to Tete-'Kroma saying, "Stop fighting Okodee and steal his children, and I will die on me".

"Nana! your children!

Grandma! your children!"

And when he heard this, Okodee did not hear; so he said:

"Sankur" e, "or e, sankur" e, anoma "Kodee.

Sankur' e, 'or e, sankur' e, come and eat".

Okodee was standing. and he cried, and said, "Do you understand?" and the Old Testament says, "The tree of Y'abu has taken away your children, and the Old woman has taken her shoulder and killed him." As soon as Okodee touched the tree, he opened his eyes and actually cut down the tree. He did not drown. Then the tree opened and fell down and Okodee broke down and killed his children. He then climbed and killed the tree he was standing on. Then he fell down and said, "Yes! how good is it for the people to live?" And he cried and said:

"Go, go, go".

He lifted his tongue two times and said:

"Ntakra'boa does not stand for ten or ten minutes". And the bird does not stand for ten minutes. And the oboo yen suffered not to stand, and he said to the yen, let the yenko burn and go to sleep Gyekye, and everyone who knows the character will cry. Apitie started crying:

"I cry again!

I'm crying again!"

Apatupere says:

"I hate cities!

I don't like cities!

I also like Ko-Sante's clothes.

Akokofwede said:

"Oworaye so oh!

Oworaye 'so' so O!

Oworaye 'so 'so 'so O!"

Atewa says:

"Okay!

Very well!

Afua Anwea and his mouth Kofi, Abofra sore preko which is very good, Kwaku Amoaten.

Very well!

Very well!

Oiawuo and his Mouth Mmirikisie Ohon are alive, He has let go, He has let go.

Father said, "The farmer says, 'Let the sheep drink, and let the animal drink, see, drink".

Opodee says:

" Kyakyakya! not yet!

The little boy walks across the tree and says, "He's going to break my knee".

Opatuo also says:

" Yes! Mm!

Oh! Mm!"

Onwam says:

"Akuaferi-Saka-Kokowa!"

His wife says:

"He has nothing to do with it.

Onwam says:

"But, eat for ourselves".

Saka said to him, well! and his wife cried, he said:

"Wow!

It's not easy!"

And Asrani shouted:

"Fwe, we!"

Agyampakua says:

"Obekō Asamoa, Atetekwa harvest 'be, the next day we were going to have fourteen!"

Berekuo said:

" I have a headache, a headache, a headache!"

The leopard says:

"Ena e'be's death has left me 'married, Akware e'be's death has left me sad.

Edowa e'be died and it left me with a crush, Kuntun gets me and it hurts me, even, even!

The next day he said:

"I said, I said, I said!"

When he heard Okodee's own voice, he said:

" Nkensen nkensen, the bird hurts!

Thank you Gyekye!

Nkensen nkensen, the bird hurts!

The people of the town were running and fleeing; and it came to pass that Gyekye saw people, sheep, children, and his wives, and chickens, and everything was taken away. He went to the monkey and his wife and his 'child who had no reputation. And Okodee arrested him and said, " Because of this noise, a worker died, he never got money".

My message, say good, say no, believe in it, and accept it with me.