We say, say no

ANANSE SEE OKO PE KWASEA, NANSO ONO ARA NA OYEE KWASEA

Osansa said, Let us fight together. Osansa said, Let us fight together. Osansa said, I will fight with you. And later Osansa met Anene, and he said, Let us fight together. Anene said, Mate. And then Osansa said to Anene, The one who fought with Ananse, and Ananse said, Ope anse, the one who fought and the one who fought and the one who fought and the one who fought and the one who fought. Anene said, The one who fought and the one who fought and the one who fought and the one who fought. Ananse said to Ananse, Give me a knife to cut, and you will take time. Ananse said, I am the one you think is foolish? give me a knife, and you will take time. Ananse cut and Anene is happy and he is happy. Ananse said, "Kwasea, you say you are wise, and you will die". Ananse said, "Let me swim, I will drink alone" and you will take the time. Ananse said, "No, but I'd like to fight, and you will take the time". Ananse said, "Ye'ko went to drink water"; Ananse said, "Agya Ananse drink an animal, and let me drink it", and the animal touched me, and you will die. Ananse said, "Ananse, you take two of these, and yesterday you took four of these, and I took four of them". Ananse said, "A! this servant, you consider me a good fool; take these two, and I will take four of them." Ananse said, "You take four of these, and yesterday you took eight of them, and I took eight of them, and I took eight of them". Ananse said, "You consider me a fool, you take four of these, and I will take four of them." Ananse said, "The next day you took four of them, and I took eight of them, and I took eight of them". Ananse said, "Take, and give me sixteen". Ananse said, "I am the one you think of as a fool, take eight, take eight, and give me sixteen". Odekuro stood up, and said, "Where did this slave come from, the only ones who have freed him?" Ananse nodded. Odekuro said, "Do you believe that the yen in your hometown is a fool; and your yonko concrete idea, you did not know, and your abe-ton is also dirty for yen?" Odekuro said, "Your mother". He nodded. And Anene said, "Ananse you have seen, you are ashamed; you say to yourself 'the fool is the fool's work, you know that you are the one who is 'the fool".

My advice to you, if it is good, if it is not, just take some, and add some.