We say, say no

See YOYE A KRAMAN, KORONO REAL DAY

OKRAMAN was rich, and because of his poverty he did not get married. He fought in a village and got married. One married to his wife, and his wife went to his hometown. Then his husband's soul said to come to him. And his father-in-law took tu ko field to kill his dog, and he followed kraman. It took him three days, Okraman ko, and after he got it, he said that his meat was on his stomach. Last night he said to his wife know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know n know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know know n kkn kkkkkkn kkn kkkkkkkn kkkkkkkkkkn kkkn kkkkkn kkkkkkkkn kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk his wife said, Eno e! eno e! enamel did not stand and someone ate it. Okraman heard this, and he was blinded, and he put on a cloth to cover his head, sleep calmly. Then he went over to the side of the road; he fled to his hometown to escape the pain of eating meat and drinking, and his eyes died; therefore he refused to accept the cranberry medicine and gave it to him. The farmer said, Adanko and some of the cranberries died. He said, Agya Adanko, I will run to you; I will stone, stone, stone, and we will tell you to drink your medicine, so I will laugh at you for me, and I will pay you every meal. Adanko said, Yes, I will eat you, and I will bring proko meat. Okraman stood in a town, and he cried and asked for a drink to drink. Adanko cried, and he cried, and he cried, and he cried, and he cried, and he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried, he cried He said, Agya Adanko. Adanko said, Yeah! He said, Your town is in the valley, so I'm going to eat the meat, I'm going to eat it. Adanko said, Ko take it! I'm going to go to my house to drink my wine, and I'll take my medicine for you. He said, Agya Adanko. He said, Yeah! He said, Because of the water, I'm going to eat the meat. Adanko said, Ko take it! I'm going to my house to drink my wine, and I'm going to take my medicine for you. And Okraman took it. Okraman is about it. He said, Agya Adanko, the villages have come under this flood, so I have to eat the meat and stand for it. Adanko said, Oho! my house is for breakfast and I have to take medicine to give birth. Okraman took the meat and stood by it. And he poured some water over his eyes, and he was cleaned. He said, E! Father Adanko, this flood has come over my head, I have to pay for my food. Adanko said, Oho o! my house is for breakfast and I have to pay for my medicine to give birth. How he paid his mouth, and he has to wash his house, he has to clean the tree! He said, Agya Adanko's milk makes it better for me. Adanko said, Does it pay you better? Kraman said, I say, when the villages fall, it is my debt. Adanko said, No! let's go tomorrow morning. O! the food Okraman has given to him.

In my testimony, say yes, say no, just take some, and don't lose any.