You say, say no

See YOYE A FAMILY EKUONA BAA 'MANM'

One of the OBA's friends was Abena; when she told him to go to bed, he said, "No". And he shouted, "The day I see my husband, the day, say to my son, and tell him to drink your wine, I will take the rice and drink your wine". This is what helped Ekuo to hear this noise; he said to himself, "People will come up" and came to the village of the baba. And when Abena saw him, she ran and drank his wine, and said, "No". He took the rice, and drank his wine. And on that day the girl shouted, "Your master has found the rice". He stayed for three days and said he would marry his hometown, and he told her he would marry her. And Ohema collected items, and twenty-four people, said only one yen. And he's gone to fight in a village, and the coconut is gone. And the people said, "Y'aduru's house?" Or the husband said, "My wife's house is gone, I'll bring her home, and she's gone to prepare herself, she's gone to abefrefre. " Now she's gone" and she's gone. She's gone to a pig. Ye'ko reached the bottom of the pig, the pig is standing; she said, "The queen has come and she has come, and I heard about it". He said better, he said better! he said better! he said better! and he said better!" And the people stood in the halls of the house. He said, "People are hungry, and they fled to the house. He said, "Odekuro and Ohema drank two drinks. Odekuro and Ohema drank two drinks; he said, "Osee good! and he said better!" and he added, "Osee good! and he said better!" and then he said, "Ekoo". When he saw one drink, he said, "Ekoo". Then an elderly woman said, "I am here." The elderly woman said, I realized that you are the only one who lives here? The elderly woman said, Welcome, let my face sit on my side. Dunsini said, Your farm; your hometown farms do not stand, so I am calling you today to pay your debt. The elderly woman said, Me, take me to the hospital with a fever, and take me to the hospital. The elderly woman called him, and she called him to the hospital. This is what the farmer says, Se is an elderly person who kills this farmer. He used to brew potatoes and put them in perfume, put them in water; he used to drink his potatoes; he used to brew his vinegar. He used to fight against the wild. He said he stood by Ekoonom, and he used to drink potatoes to spread them, and he used to spread them, and he made them into people again. He said the people came home He said the Ekoona family came from people; and from Ene Abena he said he did not.

In my testimony, say yes, say no, just take some, and add some.