You say, say no

SEDIE EYOYE A KWAKU ANANSE OBENYA ASO AWADEE

A child was born to him, he's free Akwasi Ninkunfuo, and his wife is Aso, and the child is born to kill Aso, and the child is born to talk to the other. So the child is tied to the child and Aso lived. The child is alone. Ono Akwasi Ninkunfuo is a child. So he knows that when he says he lives in the city, someone will take him. Nyankonpon says to the youth, "Akwasi Ninkunfuo is married to Aso day by day; the child is not born to 'be, because he died to fight to kiss Aso and kiss her, to take her". I didn't understand the child, but no one understood. Kwaku Ananse said to himself, "I believe in the city of Akwasi Ninkunfuo". "God says, "Indeed, you will eat?" Ananse said, "Give me a drink, you will give me food". "God says, "Deeben?" He said, "Coal and stones." And 'God gave it to him. And Ananse took the coals of coals and stones"He said, "The king said to me to take these coals and stones, let me kill you, let me kill you, and eat the coals that I came to eat". Father Ananse took the meat and the branches, and put it on Akwasi Ninkunfuo's 'way. He swallowed Akwasi and he drank some of the meat.' Ananse drank some of the branches and put the branches in Akwasi Ninkunfuo's mouths. And Aso saw it. He said, "Akwasi e, come and breathe something that comes here, and I will breathe?" Ananse said, "Nyankonpon is the one who sent me, and I will breathe, and I will breathe here". Akwasi Ninkunfuo said, "I've heard, my lord." Aso shouted to Ananse, "Agya, my son, some of your meat has come out of your mouth". Ananse said, "Oh, Aso, a dog, I will give you something to eat". Ananse said, "Oh, a dog, I will give you something to eat". Ananse said, "I will give you something to eat". Ananse said, "Yes, put some food on me". Ananse put some on it, and Ananse said, "Yes, you are angry and you are angry, you are eating anase?" Ananse said, "Fufuo". Ananse said, "Yes, it is small; you are cooking a cake". Ananse said, "Come and eat meat". Ananse said, "Come and eat meat". Ananse said, "Come and eat meat". Ananse said, "Come and eat meat". Ananse said, "Come and eat gum", and when you say your cake, I will come and give you meat to eat your teeth". Ananse said, "Fufuo". Ananse said, "Fufuo". Ananse said, "Yes, it is small; cook a cake". Ananse said, "Come and eat meat". Ananse said, "Come and eat meat". Ananse said, "Come and sit at the table". And he said, "Come and eat your meat". Three men said, "Come and eat it", and he said, "Come and eat it".

Kwaku Ananse said, Fufuo has no salt. Akwasi said to Akwasi, Please bring some. And Ananse said, Nope, come eat, you say you will bring salt, and you will bring your own salt. Akwasi was hungry, and Ananse swallowed his stomach and drank medicine to make wine. Then he said to Akwasi, Come and take the salt and I will take some. Akwasi said, O, I will not eat again, my mother. Akwasi was hungry, he did not know about it; he ate the salt and he did not eat. After dinner, Akwasi said, Friend, we are sitting here with you, we also know your name. Ananse said, My name is, Sore-ko-di-Aso. Akwasi said, Mate, Aso, have you heard the name of these men? E, have you heard. Akwasi morning one of them prepared a cake.

He said, Sore-ko-di-Aso, your heart is in it. Ananse said, Nyankonpon's soul is in it, I am in it, I am in it, because this is my father who gave birth to me, my heart is in it. Akwasi said, Where will you sleep? He said, Ananse is in it, but it is good, and you are in it God is in it, and it is with you God is in it, I am in it God is in it, my heart is in it, and my heart is in it. The man alone is in it. Akwasi said, Ananse is in it, and so on Ananse is in it, and so on Ananse is in it, and so on God is in it, Ananse said, God is in it, my heart is in it, my heart is in it my heart my heart is in it my heart is in it my heart Ananse said my heart is in it is in it Ananse my eyes Ananse said

Akuamoa Ananse, the voice of something.

God is there, Nsia ba Ananse, Voice we pray for something.

God kradware has Ananse, Voice I see something.

Then he stopped drinking, and he started to drink it. He said, M! M! Osee, Hink me.Dinn! Agya Barima.Dinn! Agya Barima.Dinn! Akwasi Envy died; the medicine was over, he also cried Agya Barima.Dinn! Then he cried, Sore-ko-di-Aso. He said, M! M! M Osee, Hink me. Ananse cried, and Akwasi cried. He said, Aso, you cried your husband Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce said, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, Oce, It took two months for Aso to cry. Akwasi asked him, Aden and your wife are well, depend on your illness, and I am with you, I will bear fruit. Aso said, You came from the garden to come here, You said, Sore-ko-di-Aso, and the good one who will follow me and take care of me. Akwasi said, Sore let me give you alone. We thank you for your happiness. So thank you. We came to the land of God and we answered, You thanked God for the one whom you worshiped who helped me , Aso suffered and died. My servants, Ananse said, Onie. And Ananse fled to the middle of the bed. And Ananse said, Onie. Then it fell from Ananse from above to the ground. On that day, it is Friday. Ananse said, My wife so and you hold your hand on me, and I fell down to work to praise myself. Now the crown has taken Akwasi Nivufuo, and he has cut dwan.

In my testimony, say yes, say no, just take some, and add some.