We say, say no

See YOYE A AKYINNYEE BAA

One day, Kyriakyun was the richest, so he tied his shoulders and shoulders. He helped Twe fight and fight, and he sat down. He said, Father Kyriakyun was late. Kiriakyun said, Sa and his shoulders stopped; he cut it in half; and when I ate it, I drank it in half; and when I ate it, I drank it in half; and when I ate it, I drank it in half; and when I ate it, I drank it in half; when I ate it, I ate it in half; when I ate it, I ate it in half; when I ate it, I ate it in half; when I ate it, I ate it in half; when I ate it, I ate it in half; when I ate it, I ate it in half; when I ate it, I ate it in half; when I ate it, I ate it came in half; when I ate it, I ate it came in half; when I ate it, I ate it came in half; when I ate it, I ate it came in half; when I ate it came in half. He fought against him and he sat under the tree. and the cattle did not stand to eat. Then Kwaku Ananse took it off, drove it to the village of Kyiriakyinn. He said, Agya makye. Kyiriakyinn said, Ykau, and where did you fight? He said, I will come to you tomorrow. And he said to him, Know the food for Ananse to eat. And he cooked the food, and Ananse and Kyiriakyinn lived there. Ananse said, Aya Kyiriakyakyinnyee wabe abere. Kyiriakyinnyee said, Sa and it happened, and it happened three times Ananse said, I heard; tomorrow I will come to drink. Ananse said, Osempa. Ananse said, O one day, he was drinking like a vegetable, and he poured his water into the road. The next day Kyiriakyinnie started fighting for Ananse village. And the day before, Ananse woke up and said to his children, A man came here, he came late, and he came, and when he asked me, please tell me not to eat seven parts of my heart, and I did not finish my heartburn, and he said he did not finish the fight. Tomorrow Kyiriakyinnie came. Father, your heart is full, and your heart is full of seven loaves of bread, and he gave it to your heart, and he did not finish it, and he said, Father, did you not see blood 'on the way'?" Kyiriakyinnyee said, "My heart is full". Kyiriakyinnyee said, "And where are you?" He said, "So your heart is full of water, your mouth is full; your heart is full, your tongue is full, your tongue is full, your tongue is full, your tongue is full, your tongue is full". Kyiriakyinnyee said, "My tongue is full, and your tongue is full". Kyiriakyinnyee said, "My tongue is full". Then Ananse went. He said, "You ate the food Kyiriakyinnyee ate the food". Kyiriakyinnyee said, "The tongue is full, your tongue is full, your tongue is full; your tongue is full. He said, "Ntikuma gives me water to drink". Ntikuma refused the water; he never gave it water. Kyiriakinnyee said, "Where is the Ntikuma water?" Ntikuma said, "Yes! about ten of the water, three cups; my father died and ten first; this one is deep and ten in the middle, and this one is deep and ten in the bottom; that is why I beg you, and say to my hand, and my mouth is well, it will heal my heart". Kyiriakinnyee said, "Yes! This morning, you help. " At the same time, Ananse said, "Your mother's children have died. " And Kyiriakyinnyee said, "Why don't you kiss me to kiss me?" Ananse said, "You say you hate me and you kiss me later, that is why I say yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes

My advice to you, if it is good, if it is not, just take some, and add some.