You say, say no

SE 'YOYE A BOSOM BAA WIASE

An OBA was born with it; she gave birth to twelve children; and when she slept and ate her food, her children did not eat it. She got up and ate it. She fell here, and said, "I sent my twelve children to you to come here to rear you; and tell her to give birth, give your grandmother to my children". She said, "I have heard, and I will give birth to you". She said, "I have heard, and I will give birth to you". She stood up and said, "Go back to the house; she said to her children, "Go back to the garden; because of it, you are not alone". She stood up and said, "You are not alone". She stood down and said, "I have heard, and I will give birth to you". She stood up and said, "Go back to the house", she said, "Go back to the garden; because of it, you are not alone". 'Duko said, "One stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands; one stands. " 'Duko said, "You know one thing, so why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why? why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why? Akokoa 'Duko said, "When you see that he's going to die, send him a message". Ye'ko opened the door and fought for him. Onoaye, oh! now his eyes are open. Ye'ni said, "E! This is true, I don't worship, so I give these days to Nyankonpon. " The next day, Nyankonpon replied, "One day when I was born, when you tell me to eat, I won't eat; the next day you will kill me; so I laugh at you, the next day, the next day, the yenko takes the yen meal, and the next day, the yen, to get something to eat. " Nyankonpon said, "Yes?" The next day, he said, "My head is white and I'm white. " Nyankonpon took the pollen, and the next day he poured it into his mouth, he drank the pollen, he drank the pollen, he drank the fruit of the yen, and he drank the pepper, and he poured the pollen on it. Ye'duruu listened to him and said, "Duko says, "One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; Seven stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands; One stands Nyankonpon has allowed the door to be closed, and when the door is closed, the door is closed. The door reached Nyankonpon. Nyankonpon said, "Nkonwa is the reason for this, so sit down." And 'Duko said, "We are the one who will sit down and sit down and play this game, because Nana, we're not here for a while." Then Nyankonpon whispered the next day; he said, "This week I send Yen to the City of Death". Ye'duruu about it; Owuo said, "Adam and no one here and you came here?" Ye'see, "We're here because of you". Owuo said, "Osempa!" Owuo also said, "Do you sleep?" Owuo said, "Do you sleep?" 'Duko said, "Please bring me a drink, send me to sleep. " And O took the money. He fought a little and Owuo said, "Do you sleep?" Owuo said, "Do you sleep?" Owuo said, "Do you sleep?" 'Duko said, "Death, my goddess". 'Duko said, "Daben and you will sleep?" 'Duko said, "If you fight to get me a lot of gold coins, send me to sleep".

'Duko said, "If you want to take a golden tree, bring it to me and give it to me to drink, send it to me to sleep".

"Duko said, "Nana, how long have you been sleeping?" "Duko said, "Nana, when you have brought me silver coins, send me to sleep". And Ouko said, "After a while", and Ouko said again. "Duko said, "Yes, Nana, please". Ouko said, "Have you ever slept before?" And 'Duko said to his siblings, "Do not eat anything else. " And his wife fled; and 'Duko sliced bread and bread, and his siblings slept with him, and he put on a sheet of paper. And he died in your bath'; he drank water. And he died 'Barima free Death' The father said, "Death!" He said, "Ye Dwo." He said, "What is your problem?"

He says, "Bue! I am a little boy and I got him; I say hello to him, he says, 'My lady'; he has stopped my things, he has eaten, he has given me water to drink. " O death 'Barima said, "A! your house, you grew vegetables and you drank sam sam', and you took that water, my soul did not feel well?" O death 'Come see, "Oh, drink water." He grew vegetables, he grew vegetables" for this dish. 'Duko said, "Death, say you have come? 'Duko said, "Nana, 'the water is on your milk". 'Duko said, "Give me the water to drink." 'Duko said, "Isa! say you are on it, and 'the water is on you, and the money is on it, and your children are not on it". 'Duko said, "Come and drink.' " 'Duko said, 'Come and drink.' Because, say thank you, I will send you a message to pick up your belongings; my siblings and sisters who have come to us on the road, you refuse to kill your children to stop? I am my only one. " Death said, "Your sister, wherever you sleep, I will sleep with you! Duko rose, rose, rose! rose! rose! rose! rose! rose! and rose to death. Duko rose, and rose to his brothers, and we rose to cry. Duko said, Duko died and died, so he died. Duko rose and rose to death. Duko died to his brothers and sisters, and rose to death. Duko said, Duko died and rose to death. Duko said, Duko died and died, so he died. Duko died and died to his brothers and sisters, Duko died to death He said, Here is where I slept well, and where did we go?Duko sits next to him; he said to his brothers, Duko, I have slept over him. Brothers said, E, he has slept with us, and we have fled here, and you said, Duko has not listened to him, and he has slept over him. Duko said, Yie! he said to you, you have slept alone! He said, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko, Duko D, Duko D, Duko Duko D, D, Duko Duko D, Duko D, Duko D, Duko D, Duko D, Duko D, Duko Duko D, D Duko said, Wow come to life, you yourself your arrest he-ne. And death has come, come, come! you have died. Duko has heard about the drug posaye over siblings, and we are sick. Duko says he has taken the medicine, and some of them have heard about death, and death is painful. He said, You have killed me, and you have raised me; cry with you. And we have not stood to run, sit! sit! sit! sit! sit! we have died. Duko, one of them is sick. Duko said, Put the medicine to sleep, and some of them to sleep, and death is painful. Duko said, You have killed me, and you have awakened me; cry with you. Duko said, Duko did not stop to run, sit! sit! sit! sit! sleep! sleep! He said, Say these days that you are standing, I will have a drink and drink to your mouth with this heart. Death says to fall to the ground, he will cry to a fig tree; he will cry; the fig tree, he said, Wind, take me to the water. It happened to swim. Duko said, I am here. Death said, E, this day of war, he! I will not arrest you, and I will fight you, and I will fight you, and I will fight you, and every time I die, you will cry for me; and when I die, I will cry for you; and everyone will follow me; and believe in me and you will follow me. My testimony, say good, say bad, believe it, and accept it.