You say, say no

See YOYE A ANANSE BEYEE 'HIANI

KWAKU ANANSE says about Nyankonpon, "Give me some grains so I can take you to the city". Nyankonpon says, "Yo'ntimi." Ananse says, "Say my heart, I say to you Nsia, I hurt my head and I take off my head". Nyankonpon says, "Gye is fighting." Ananse stands in a corner of the town. Oboo odekuro replied, "Nyankonpon has sent me to take these grains to my room, and when my child is alone, I will not sleep these grains and chickens". Ananse says, "Yes! and when the day of the grain is good, Ananse says, "You believe in him and his sleep". Ananse says, "You believe in him". Ananse said, "Okay, stop fighting". Ananse said, "Odekuro, the chicken has eaten the chicken." Odekuro said, "You believe me because of it, and fight the chicken." Ananse took the chicken and put it on the side of the town. When he arrived, the chicken replied, "Nyankonpon sent me here, and I will stay here, and the chicken that has eaten me, the chicken that has eaten me". Odekuro said, "Take it." At night Ananse fought the chicken and killed the chicken. He took the chicken and the chicken that has eaten the chicken. Oekuro said, "Because I don't complain about it, go fight the sheep." Ananse stood with the sheep. Oeko reached the corner of Oekuro's house. Oekuro said, "Am I sick?" Ananse said, "Oekuro sent me to feed the sheep, my cattle have died. Oekuro said, Ho! give him only the sheep. Ananse said, No, only Oekono is the sheep; his cattle have died. Ananse said, Odekuro, Nyankonpon dwan and cattle died. Odekuro said, My reason for this is not clear, and the cattle that killed him, take him to fight. Ananse took the cattle from to fight to a village. Ode nantwie's battle region has been destroyed. Odekuro said, You alone wash it, I don't have a box. Ananse said, I believe in you, and Nyankonpon said to me to get dirt to wash it, I will not change my clothes. Ananse said, Dabi. Ananse said, You will give it to me, and after the fight nantwine, you will have a bath, and you will drink it. Ananse said, Your animals. And you alone. Ananse took the body, stood on the wall. Then we heard something else. We said, Koda has brought you to sleep. We shouted at him, move forward! move forward! move forward! the next morning, Ananse fought to free his day. One day, he died. Ananse said, Odekuro, Nyankonpon anger, who joined me, and you alone died. Odekuro said, Don't complain about it, and join the fight. Ananse said, Give your day, your village, your countryside, to fight against your countryside. Ananse said, Don't complain about this. The first day, the first day, the first day, the first day, the first day. Ananse said, Give your day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day. Ananse said, Odekuro, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day. Ananse said Ananse said, Ananse came to the outskirts of town, his vineyard called Nyankonpon to come to the town to drink Nyankonpon and he sat down.

I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives, I've saved their lives!

People stood and said, "Don't listen to an Ananse song he sang". Ananse added:

"Ananse open! open! I use wheat to measure wartime.

Ananse open up! open up! I'm going to fight for 'dwan, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for 'nothie, I'm going to fight for the city!

Ananse approached Nyankonpon, and Nyankonpon asked Ananse his mother. Ananse said, "The fruit of the grain I like to bring to the city; it depends on the city". Nyankonpon said, "Your king." "E! e! e!" Nyankonpon said, "Why should I thank you?" Ananse said, "I eat nothing, and 'padeem' is what I eat". Nyankonpon said, "Oh! oh! this servant of yours, poor, and you die, and your fight has brought great faith, you say a few words".

In my own words, take some, and add some.