See YOYE's words and songs BAA 'MANM'

When Ananse heard this, he went and drank the wine of the city. Oko went to drink the wine of the city', and he went to catch the wine of the city' he exclaimed, "Why is the city so small, and the people do not stand in your presence?" Ananse said, "A father, a little bird, who believes the sun is standing, came and ate the yen, and you ate the yen of the city". Kwaku Ananse said, "Yes, my friend, and I believe in the wine of the city". Ananse said, "Yes, I believe in the wine of the city". Ananse said, "Yes! In this town the water is wet, and your heart is dry?" Ananse said, "Don't touch my sword, now I say, I will cut off his head and say, boom!" The sun shone, and the Anopheles stood on the tree, and he said:

"Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!

Don't get me wrong, E!

Please help me!"

And Ananse added:

"Don't say yes, yes!

The answer is 'E, E!

Ne'se, ne'se e, E!

He said hello!

Yes, he said.

And Anoma stood in pain. He said, "Who is the voice that greeted me and o'died my judgement, I've split the town's farms, no one?

He added:

"Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!

Don't get me wrong, E!

Don't welcome me!" And Ananse said:



Don't worry about it, E!

He said, yes, yes!

He said he did not come!

Yes, he said.

Kwaku Ananse was sitting at his gate. He spoke his language, and the townspeople did not stop fleeing to stop Ananse.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!

Don't get me wrong, E!

No welcome!

Kwaku Ananse had fled the war with a fever, and he kept quiet:



Don't worry about it, E!

He said, he said, E!

He said yes!

Yes, he said.

The Ananse said that he went to a battle to eat the pigs, arrested Ananse, and Kwaku Ananse cut his head with a knife, boom! And the Ananse went to the beach with his tongue. Kwaku Ananse took the pot of rice that killed Ananse, put it on it; and he put it on the Ananse head; and he said to him, You have sinned and I will kill Ananse. And you who did not believe and you fought to kill yourself; this is pain and you are sick to death. And the bird fought to kill itself on the beach, and it was cut into small pieces, and then it was killed. Here it is said that the birds will come and kill a lot.

My message, say good, say no, believe in it, and accept it with me.