SEDIE OKOTO BENYA ABINA, NA ABEREWA SO EBENYA EDWINO

An OBA gave birth to him; to the monk, he said, Mennko. He said, Sit next to him, with your panin. On the monk, he said, Mennko. And the next day he said, Ko is pouring water for me. He said, Mennko. The old woman said, My grandmother has not waited to see you. And the next day the old woman said, Aden and the tears love you, says well? He said, That is why I sit with him, when he comes, he said, Sit next to me and you will see me, and he kissed me, and I said, My son and let him kiss me I see I kiss him. And the old woman said, He kissed me. He said, Cold my eyes and he kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me, He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me He kissed me And the old woman said, Sensen put it on the fire. The old woman said, Sensen put it on the fire. And he put it on it, and it fell, and it finished, and it went to the old woman. He said, "Ko ko'ti fight to the bottom, and not to the bottom, this frog is good for your hand". And the old man took some of it and put it on the fire and said, Kwan. He finished and he put it on the old woman. The old woman said, "You finished?" He said, "Nana, yes." He said, "The frog." And the old woman praised the frog; "The change has made my mind sick" and you said. The old woman said, "Your heart is strong, your heart is strong, your stomach is weak". And he said, water! water! water! water! and finally he said, 'Fight the old woman. The old woman said, "My grandmother, honor my name and eat it". He said, "Your grandmother". He said, "Yes! He didn't see it,' and he said, so I called. " Ena Okoto said, "Ode Aberewa Mosono." Akoda said, "Ho." He nodded his head. Okoto said, "Your one, don't let go". The old woman said, "Where are you?" He said, "My son, I have not listened to you, and I have stones". He said, "Take another fight." He was dying; and Okoto said, "Seisei you have come?" He said, "Edin who arrested me, I was crying, and my son abebisa." Okoto said, "Ode Elder Mosono." He said, "Ho." Oko's house did not stand and he said, you came to the house and it collapsed. She said, "Your name is good". She said, "Your name is good". She said, "Your name is good". She said, "Your name is good". She said, "Your name is good". She said, "Your name is good". "Say, 'sell, you are the one who called my grandfather to call me Mosono?" He said, "My name is Mosono". He said, "My name is Mosono". He said, "Your name is Okoto". He said, "Your name is Okoto". He said, "Sell, 'sell, 'sell, you are the one who called my grandfather to call me Nkran, he said, 'ba, my name is Mosono?" My message, say good, say bad, say bad, believe it, and accept it with me.