We say, say no

OBA KWASEA does not have a human

He has an OBA, and they have four children. Panin the farmer says something. He does not know anything about it, and his siblings say, Went live with him, so he left his house. He said to his children, Don't laugh at a fighting game I have, and let me have my knife. He didn't know that the fight was a fight, so he started crying. He cried and put it out why he didn't stand there. The next day, he said he didn't eat, and he said Ask him, Dinner? He said, You also cry, don't touch my head. He said, Don't touch my head. He fought with him and he swallowed the insects, and he swallowed them. He put his hands on his head, and he swallowed them. The next day, He kissed me. The next day, He kissed my head, He kissed my head. Then he kissed my head He kissed my head He kissed my head He kissed my head He kissed my head He kissed my head He kissed my head He kissed my head And one day, he came to the fool and said he was going to wake up; he was going to meet his siblings and call us. He said, Aden is the one who called you? They say he was arrested for the same reason that he called us, his children said, Don't tell him, This fool knows how to play? They said, Meka. Oka arrested him; he said, O! take him and let us fight in my village. They took him and his sheep and his sheep and his hair, and they fought in his village.

Ena gave birth to me Kwasea ba, Hurotom.

My father gave birth to me Kwasea ba, Hurotom.

Ena gave birth to my twin brother, Hurotom.

Ena gave birth to my son, Kwasea, Hurotom.

This gave birth to me, Hurotom".

The child had been playing for a long time, and the fool came to him and said, "Come let us comb your hair". He went home with him; he said, "Take my hair and leave it alone". "Kwasea" came to him and said, "Take my coat and cover it before I comb your hair". He says, "Father, I pray you, I pray you, I pray you, I pray you, I pray you, I pray you, I pray you". 'Kwasea' comes to say, "Kore, I pray you". Then deeply, he bows down to his knees and says, "Thank you, thank you, and say 'come fool has no limbs".

My advice to you, if it is good, if it is not, just take some, and add some.