You say, say no

SEYE YOYE A ENAM ABEBUOM' OBI NYAA 'Your wife and your life

Ye'ko Serem fought to hide her child. Ye'ko Serem fought to hide her child and things. Ye'ko took some of her child and took her. She lived in a remote town. In the town 'Hema' came, she gave her to him, she said unmarried. Everyone shouted, and Ohema's son fought. 'Hema threw two robes to hide her child. He threw two robes to hide her child. He threw food, he threw food, he threw food, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it, he threw it. He said, "Dee has been arrested by the farmer, and I will marry him". He said, "Kyere." Some of the men said, "If he doesn't come to 'Hema' to take this food, his wife will ask him". The men's colleague said, "If he doesn't fear you, I will arrest him". He said, "Kyere." The farmer said, "The servant says he has his head cut off to eat", and the farmer said, "If he doesn't get some, will he marry? He finally said, he will sleep, and he will lose his body; then, he said, he will sleep, and he will give his wife a kiss; then he insisted, he said, he will cut your tree, and every year, when he reaches the ground, he will have some". And Ohema's son married the men's cousin. He said, 'Hema's son asked him, "Are you better?" He said, "I am better than Kwaku Susufuo". He said, "I am better than Kwaku Susufuo". He said, "I am better than Akua Susufuo". He said, "I am better than Kwaku Susufuo". One day he was drinking, and he ate two more, and he told her not to give her to say goodbye to him. He cut his eyes back, and said there was a fish on it; he gave 'boo to the fish, let him have one for him.' And his wife took the 'boo, she caught him and said, "My husband is saying goodbye to his country", and when he said goodbye, he took 'boo." And 'Hema said, "O' one, you are alone with him. And later they arrested him and said, Kwaku Susufuo, take a fever to your own field, just hide fidie say you will get red and serve your wife and cry. And we cried and said to the elders, Bless him We talked to Kwaku Thofu; we reached the road; we tied him up, and we arrested him saying, Ye kill you. And he arrested us saying, My husband and my wife have paid me a lot of money, so that when I die, you will not know. We asked him, Where is the money? He said, You, my wife alone, ask her, tell me how to eat meat , and not to cry, and not to cry Krampanom; he said, he did not cry, he did not cry. He said, he did not cry. He said to his wife he suffered. He also said, Ewo odekuro fie, and let us fight together. One of us fought for the odekuro fie; and the bear drank the odekuro suffered, Dwannwoma groove, he said we tied it; on the Krampan groove, he said the chicken ate the meat; on the groove, he said he ate the meat. At the same time, the bear drank the wine and joined it, fought for Kwaku Susufuo. And we took it.

In my testimony, say yes, say no, just take some, and add some.