You say, say no

See YOYE A NTORO ANINIE BAA 'MANM'

A farmer, a farmer, and his wife lived in Akuram, and when he got pregnant, he and his wife were very happy about it, and the farmer said to Nyankonpon, "I've come to kiss your stones, and tell you, marry me. " Nyankonpon pleaded. The farmer said, 'Sebo drank, say, believe to eat meat. Osebo also pleaded. And the farmer suffered. Osebo ate some meat. Owoye, she gave birth to a son, and Owoye said to Nyankonpon, "Your daughter-in-law gave birth to a son". Then Owoye said to Osebo, "Your daughter-in-law gave birth to a son. " And Osebo collected the items so that he could eat the chicken. and Nyankonpon added some to it. And Nyankonpon brought some to Sara. We raised him well so he grew well. And Owoye woke up well, and he woke up, and he drank the chicken. Ye'ko suffered on Nyankonpon. Owoye said to Nyankonpon. Owoye drank the chicken and his chicken. And later Osebo heard; and he said to his mother-in-law, "You are my fool, because I don't accept you, and your 'child, split the debt' that I gave him, I accept my food." He lifted his hand, and he lifted his stomach, and he fought his country. And then, Nyankonpon told him to grow up and take his time. He said to his colleague, Oba who is going to eat, he says his hands are tight, so sleep on Sunday, Monday your children will open their doors to pray to God. Yeboo greeted him. The next morning he drank to, added teas. He said, I fought for this, fought for myself. He greeted him and drank some wine, and he greeted him He greeted him He greeted him and he greeted him He greeted him He greeted him and he greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him and he greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him and he greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him He greeted him For a while, he said, Yi! He was happy, and his wine was good, and his wine was good. And his father asked him, How long have you been welcoming me? He said, I will welcome you, and your fruit that you have with Nyankonpon, take it from me. And he pulled out the gold coins and the money you gave to the girl, and he went to the town of Nyankonpon. It lasted for forty days, and he said to his companion that he had fought for his country. And he swallowed the water, and he swallowed his eggs, and he swallowed them, and went to Onini. And he swallowed them, saying, Nine and I will bless you; this is the day of the battle. He added his eggs to it. And Onini said, I will not kill this day of the battle, and I will kill him Aniniwa, and my name will never be forgotten. He thanked Onini; and he swallowed

My testimony, say good, say bad, believe it, and accept it.