You say, say no

SE'KO BABI, AND YOUR BROTHER SAY ONE of YOUR BEKO A, YES ONE of them

An OBA gave birth to her, and they have three children. Akuma who is ill died. Her uncle's parents arrested her and said, "Mama yen money and yenko saved". Akuma said, "Oko". We said, we're not with him. We said, we're with him. We said, we're alone. And we gave the farmers water and water. Oka cried out to the farmers, "Don't stop". Ye'see, "Why, when you meet a farmer; let him down, and when he says o'n, let him down; and he says o'n't take it back for him." The farmer really met the farmer. He said, "A farmer I met yen, ask you to think about this". The farmer said, "If you don't feed the farmer, I will feed him?" The farmer said, "When you see your mouth, I will feed you, and I will not return you to you for food". The farmer said, "My farmer said, "Food!" And the farmer paid and bought the farmer. The farmer also said, "If you don't eat the farmer, I will feed the farmer". The farmer said, "When you see your mouth, I will feed you, and I will not return you to you for food". Eventually, the farmer gave the idea to him. The farmer said, "O'bom", he said, "go ahead", and he drank his clothes. The morning farmer got up", and he fought and met a farmer, and the chicken lay on his stones. He met the farmer, he said, "Don't eat chicken." He said, "When you catch a fish, give it to it, give it to it, give it to it, give it to it". Oko met the farmer. He said, "Your brothers meet this chicken, and your chicken, give it to you, and I will give it to you". Oh, "Give me a chicken, give it to me, yes. The town has no coconut, and the gate is closed. The next day, the coconut is closed. The coconut says, "Koda, take the coconut to me. " The coconut says, "Osua is closed." The coconut said, "Say. Adeekyeye is 'siim' again". At the same time, the farmer met a farmer and he said 'soul.' He said, "Don't throw this 'soul". The farmer said, "Take the coconut and meet some day; give it to me. Say o'nto, price", and take it back to the coconut. "The coconut fought the coconut. He said, "Your grandmother says, say 'this soul, and when you die, I will kill you' so that I will only return to you. " The coward said, "Where?" The servant said, "The child is afraid". The coward said, "Call; and the coward fell upon a village in the countryside. The coward said, "The coward slept, and the coward slept with his feet". The coward put his arms around the king's house, and the coward threw ten cowards around it. The coward said, "The one who has his cows, I scare him". The coward said, "I have a coward". The coward said, "I put the coward in the coward's hand, and the coward said, "The coward slept with his feet". The coward said, "I put the coward in the coward's hand, he saw the coward, he saw the coward". The crow is the same; when you meet the crow, you steal the King's crow's fun. The crow says, "Don't do this fun". The crow says, "Don't take it alone, and you will meet a crow; don't give it to the children. Say o'nno, eat it, and don't give it to them only. " The crow says, and you meet the crow; say, "The farmer says, 'get this fun.'" The crow says, "Yes! because he believes in me and he believes in me, and he believes in me; when I eat him, he is tired, he is well. " The eagle said, "Your cousin says, if you don't eat, eat and give yourself to you. " The eagle said, "Miehe?" Ye'see, "Osua is scared. " And the eagle went and took the 'fun' and put it in the wild. And the eagle went to a village, and he called 'Fie bim' to eat. "The eagle said, "Nowhere. " The eagle said, "Nana see me." The eagle laughed at you, "Nowhere. " The eagle said, "Nana see me. " The eagle laughed at the eagle. "The eagle said, "Nana see me. " The eagle said, "Nana see me. " The eagle said, "Nana see me. " He said, 'The king is dead, we are hungry; we are sleeping; his voice is silent; even his stomach is unknown". An elderly woman sat there, said, "Give him some." She gave him food and meat. The dog ate it. He said, "My lord, the king's stomach, I saw it; and wait for me, a cockroach gave me sleep, water and fear". The dog ran, ate it, ate it, ate it! he suffered. Ye'beboo drank the cockroach, he ate the cockroach, he ate the cockroach, he ate it, and he buried it well. He said, "Yeah, he ate the cockroach". And he ate the cockroach. The dog said, "Don't worry; I don't know you, but you are the only ones. " And he told his servants to say yes. Ene said, "Say your brother's brother and your brother's brother says one your brother is the only one who has his brother".

My advice to you, if it is good, if it is not, just take some, and add some.