You say, say no

See YOYE A ETENE BAA 'MANM'

Ntikuma said, "My grandmother, why is there no one here, and you have come here?" Ntikuma said, "Don't look, and I'll have something to eat". Ntikuma said, "Go to my farm", and the old woman said, "Go to my farm", and the woman said, "Go, shoot me", shot him, and the woman said, "Shoot me, shoot me", shot him, and the woman said, "Shoot me, shoot me", shot him. "Ntikuma. Some of the girls said, "Shoot me, shoot me"; others said, "Shoot me, shoot me". Ntikuma said, "Shoot me, shoot me", and the woman said, "Shoot me, shoot me". And Nana Aberewa said, "Put the good food down, and put it in the oven" instead of "burning". Ntikuma sensenye put the honour on 'burning. Ebeneye, he ate and finished, and his stones turned into good food. Ntikuma says, "I'm finished, and let me eat my cake"." Nana Aberewa says, "Put the stones on the tree and say, 'Nana Aberewa says stand down.'" The elder says, "My grandmother's cake, my message is good for you".

Grandmother said, "I am happy, and you have come to the mountains". The animals fell to the ground. said, "The mountains". Grandmother said, "My Sekan Mfamfinam cut off the heads of these animals for me." And Mfamfinam cut off the heads of the animals. Ntikuma stopped the animals, and went to the bayre, adding them to his village. Father Ananse looked at Ntikuma and said, "'Prepare my house". He said, "Prepare my house". He said, "Prepare my house". Ananse said, "Prepare my house". Then Ananse said, "Prepare my house". Ananse said, "Prepare my house". The next day, Ananse said, "My wife will come". He sat on the side, and his wife asked him to buy it. Ntikuma said, "Make it again." Ananse said, "I will fight with you." Ntikuma said, "I will fight with you." He said Ntikuma has died, and Ananse has taken the pelt, afitifitim has also played, and he stones the Ntikuma cloth. Grandmother said, Abu Barima, suffered? Ananse said, Okom owns me, and give me something to eat. Grandmother said, Biribi believes in me? Ananse said, I respect my foolishness, my child Ntikuma has even come, some of them. Grandmother said, Ko farma, the woman who says, Touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, and cry, Touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me, touch me and touch me. He finished his sentence; Grandma the Elder said, Ko throws the good food, and puts his mouth on the fire. Ananse said, A! because of the lack of evidence that you have arrested me, Odomankoma drank, drank good wine, and replaced his honor? Ananse took the good food, put it on the fire, and put it on the fire, and put it on the fire. He says, Grandmother believes in me through my limbs.Grandmother said, Ko weep over the tree, a field is planted on it, your child, you say, mo help. Ananse said, Oba! I don't talk to this field, and my diet is better?Grandmother said, Whenever any noise comes, I am sick. Ananse said, Your fields where you plant trees, your grandmother says, help.The animals said, Seen my grandmother, my grandmother helps you.Grandmother said, "You have lost the walls." Ananse said, Aber now you have lost the walls. Ananse said, Aber now you have lost the walls. Ananse said, Your fields where you plant trees, your grandmother says help.The animals said, Seen is the grandmother's grandmother, your grandmother's walls walls walls walls. Ananse said, Ananse said, Fren's walls walls walls walls walls walls walls walls walls walls, and the walls walls walls walls walls of the walls of the walls. The old woman said, "Adwobere!" And Ananse did not understand. Then Ananse turned the meat to go home, and Ananse retired a little. Ananse had the afternoon knife cut off his stomach, and he fled to his hometown. He came to his hometown, he said, "Ntikuma, the knife is my hand, so let us fight in the wild". Ananse said, "Ntikuma ko didi y'atem". Ananse said, "Ntikuma koreye said, "Nokokoo, listen to yourselves." Ananse said, "Say to Kwaku Ananse and his 'come with you, we will send you a message". Kwaku Ananse said, "Your trees, don't accept kora, his brain is a game." Ananse said, "Aberewa Sekan said, 'Famfinam, the harvest is good for me". He returned to the house. Adeekyeye Kwaku Ananse said to him about Nyankonpon. Ntikuma said, "Agya Sekan is not here to eat". Ananse said, "Take it" ho' come!" Ntikuma said, "Kor'e". Ananse stood up to Nyankonpon, said to him, "Nana, my voice says that if anyone calls you, I alone, Kwaku Ananse, I will cut off your head and give it to you". He said, "It's good to stop". He said, "It's good to stop". Ananse said, "Yes, it's good to stop", and Ananse said. Ananse said, "Yes, it's good to stop". Ananse said, "Okay, it's good to stop". Ananse said, "Your goodness is good to stop". Ananse said, "Your goodness is good to me". Oh! Ananse said, "Your goodness is good to me!" It used to eat meat; and the part that was able to eat turned into a vegetable that we ate Etene the meat, the meat, the meat.

In my testimony, say yes, say no, just take some, and add some.