We say, say no

EVERYTHING you need to know about OSEBO ADWIRIDWIRI, AND ADANKO AFA

Osebo said, E! here, where did you get it? Adankowa said, My husband, a caretaker who lived here and continued to say, ko got his drink, and he drank this wine, to drink it. He said, thank you Aku. And Osebowa went to fight fa, fight fire. He was one, and the wheat was brown. He drank some of the branches of his branches and turned them into grass. Adamko heard from his household, and he called Osebo the farmer to drink. Everywhere he stood. He reached the corner, and he turned to Otwe. He grew brown; he grew brown. He grew brown. He grew brown. He grew brown. He grew brown. He grew brown. He grew brown. He grew brown. He grew brown. He grew tromo. He grew brown. He grew brown; he grew brown. He grew brown. He grew brown. He grew brown. He grew brown. Osebo said, Koma has not been harvested, and these animals have died. And he turned to himself, and he turned Tromo; and he turned to himself, he turned Oyuo; and he turned to himself, and he turned Otwe. And he said, E! says this animal grows, it does not fight and it does not fight. He threw the grain and the grain fell to the ground, and he cried he cried to take the grain first. He cried, he ate it Then he came, he did not eat the grain. He cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried he cried c he cried Osebowa said, I told my husband that he didn't get some of the grain. Adekowa said, Obowa, He said, Aden? Adowa said, Adanko and I fought, and he drank me, and I died. Osebo said, Let me listen to my voice. And he said, Ocebo said, Ocebo said to me, Ocebo said, Ocebo said, Aden? Eko said, Aya Sebo overcame me, and I died. Osebo said, Aden? Eko said, Adanko was the one who fought with me to eat the bread, and they ate the bread and I died. Then Osebo came here. He said, E! I went back and fought with the same bread, and I fell down, and said, Osebo jumped, and walked down! Even Adamko was angry. And Osebo said, Aya Adanko left me. Adanko said, I love you, and I love you. Osebo said, I laugh at you, don't laugh at me, and let my idols drink my wine every way you take, I will come to your destination.

In my testimony, say yes, say no, just take some, and add some.