We said,

SEDIE NKONKONSA BAA Members

This farmer saw the grapes, and he said, Father will remove me. He said, Father will remove me. The farmer said, My children, only tomorrow I will remove you, and when you get me, you will be happy for me, my father. He said, I am happy for you. He said, I am happy for you. He said, I am happy for you. He said, Father said, Every day, I will remove you. Yes, he removed the vegetables, and he said. One day, he thanked you, and he said, Father, thank you for the grapes. "Okusie has come to your side to drink. He says, "Agya Obofuo, do you give money?" Obofuo says, "Oh! adentira, say 'people have mercy on him.'" Okusie has come to give Nyankonpon's colleague's money. Oko drank from the floor of the house, and he drank from it, he took Nyankonpon's money future to stand, and he breeze Obofuo. Obofuo says, "I thank Aku." And Okusie is one. One day, he said, "Ago!" The farmer said, "Ame!" The farmer said; he said, "Father Farmer is happy." He said, "Your brother!" He said, "These are my thanks to you". Father Farmer said, "My mother, and the man says to me, 'My mother gave birth to my daughter, wept for Osebo to come to me, wept for Kusie to come to me". "One took his hand and cried to God and cried to him and said, "Your blessed money, say Kusie and he will pay for the farmer". God said, "Father?" He said, "Nana farmer". Then when the farmer came to the road, he said, "Professor, I am laughing at you for me". The farmer said, "No, 'the farmer will run away". He said, "Oh my god, if you come here, leave me alone". The farmer listened, let him go. He says, "Please my friend take this medicine, and take it, and this one of you will fight for you", and says, "I swear to you, the King's daughter's mouth says to her, 'Come and get married; when I say to her, you will notice that people stand down, and shout, 'I take your medicine,' and you will heal the dog". The farmer says, "I thank you Aku!" The farmer says to the farmer, the farmer, standing in front of Nyankonpon and Ko'ntire, Akwam, and Adonten, Gyase, and Kyidom. Then Obofuo stood at it and said, "A! if I am ten, don't give me your medicine". One servant nodded, and cried, "You only give him the money to go to jail". Enie Obofuo said. The king said, "Give your blood to my son, and when you die, I will give you your head". The king said, "Give my money". The king said, "Nana, what I am holding, if you have a drink, I will give you the oil". We said, "Give it to me?" He said, "Konkonsani blood, and drink it to me". We said, "Konkonsani blood, and drink it to me". We said, "Where is the blood of the king?" A wise king said, "And where is the one who cries to God to steal the grain?" Yes, he said, "Your help, your help". He said, "Your help, your help". The king said to the king. We said, "You don't eat the meat". We said, "Yes!" God said, "I will cut off your head, and the Konkonsani will cut off your hair, and you will cut off its meat, and you will not scatter it". You killed it, cut it into small pieces, and then you scattered it.

My advice to you, if it is good, if it is not, just take some, and add some.