You say, say no

SE EYOYE A ESONOM KOO ESEREM'

Kwaku Ananse said to himself, "I believe my voice, and listen to my voice crying, say you will kill me, but hide in my garden". Eson said, "I hear, and I will come to you for seven days, and you will bury me for seven days". Kwaku Ananse fought and swallowed his liver, and swallowed his liver, and swallowed his liver, and swallowed his liver. And Ananse swallowed his liver, and swallowed his liver, and swallowed his liver. He swallowed his liver and swallowed his liver. But O'twam', and swallowed his liver. O'twam' and Ananse swallowed his liver and swallowed his liver and swallowed his liver. He said, "Agya Ananse, the one who has eaten the fruit, and the one who has eaten the fruit of the tree?" Ananse said, "Aduane does not eat the fruit of my house". Ananse said, "I will fight a battle with you". Ananse went with him to the house; he said to Adowa, "A man has come to you, and he has eaten the meal for me at night; so lie down on his bed, and say to the one who will say, 'Asikoto,' and you will say to him, 'I will save my head.' And when you say so, he will eat the food, and you will eat it". Ananse said, "Thank you, Aku; Father Ananse, the good one who believes in you on your bed. Adowa was dead. Ananse fought. The next day, Ananse took Adowa to feed Aso. Ananse fought with the Elephant and killed him. Ananse said, "Are you well?" Ananse said, "I am well". Ananse stood up and came to his house. He took some of the bayere, the bayere rose again. He said Otwe e'twam' and knocked the bayere on his head. Otwe said, "Yes! Father Ananse, who has heard the saying, come, and listen to your voice?" Ananse said, "When you come, come to my house and give me some of the bayere to you". Ananse said, "O Otwe and Ananse. Ananse says, "Sleep well" here, and tonight my servant brings me food, and when he arrives here, he says, "Asikoto", you say, "I have my head restored". Ananse says, "My da's Aku, you are well". Ananse says, "Asikoto". Ananse says, "I have my head restored". Ananse says, "I have my head restored". Ananse says, "I have my head restored". Ananse says, "Sleep, sleep, kill! Anise says. Ananse says, "Asikoto, I have my head restored". Ananse says, "How are you, how are you?" Ananse says, "Peace!" Ananse said, "Askono!" Anise said, "I have a little drink, and Anise said, "I have my head restored". Ananse says, "Sleep, kill! Anise says, kill! Anise says. Ananse then fought against the Elephant. Ananse fought against the Elephant. Ananse fought against the Elephant. Ananse fought against the Elephant. Ananse fought against the Elephant. Ananse said, Asikoto! Ananse said, I put my head on my head. Ananse put the elephant on his head, and he jumped over the elephant! and fell. Ananse fought against the elephant. Ananse said, Kantinka, are you well? Ananse said, O! I am well. Ananse said, Osempa. Ananse said, Osempa. Ananse refused to buy again. Ananse said, Asikoto. Ananse said, I put my head on it. Ananse put the purchase on it, and he put the stones on it, pan! pan! Ananse seeds are We said, You alone have brought it to six. The farmer came to Ananse, saying, Yese is coming to six. Ananse said, Don't think about me. Ananse coughed up a tree in the field, and he ate the fruit of the tree; and he poured it on his hands, and he said to Aso, Please first fight to the part where he cries to me alone, and you stand on it, and say to my son, Cough me up. Ananse said, Don't worry about me. Ananse coughed up the stones on the field. Ananse reached Seven of them, and he coughed his ears, his hands, his hands, his hands, his hands, his hands, his hands, his hands, his hands. We said, Coughed, he coughed, and he said, Coughed, and he said, Coughed me up! Ananse coughed, and he said, Please! Ananse said, Yo e! He said, Esononom, you have heard that someone has freed me.Esononom said, Soho, your pe way has fled. Ananse said, I have heard, and complained about his work, perfect! perfect! And he replied, Yo e! He said, Someone has freed me. The crowd said, Someone has freed me Someone has freed me. Sa, pray, pray, pray, pray only seven times. He said, One day, One day, One day, One day, One day, One day, One day, One day, and I will come to you, When you flee, your farmers will come to you. Then Ananse said, Running, crying! Some days, Some days, Some days, Some days, Some days, said, Some days, said, Some days, and you will come to me, That is why he has accused me of abusing myself. And Esononom said that we should go to the wild, we should say that someone was really standing there, and we should shoot them. Ananse says, "Father 's angry with us. " Ananse fled; he smiled". And he let go of the dead elephant, and Ananse took him to his grave. Ene says Esononom e'beko 'Serem', and the first message is Esononom you drink for nothing.

My message, say good, say no, believe in it, and accept it with me.