You say, say no

See YOYE A ANANSE OBEYE ATIPA

YE'SE Kwaku Ananse is his best friend. One day, Ananse laughed at Odwan, Okra, Okraman, Akoko and Aberekyie, saying, "Take my wine, because I laughed at you, don't take my wine". Ananse said, "Yes, goodness." Ananse clapped his hand on his head, cried. come out! come out! Ananse let him go and made him cry. Ananse went down to his town's borders; the gun exploded! exploded! He's got the game to fight 'home and stay quiet! He's got the wine to fight for the money. Finally, he's got the wine to drink' six peredwan, a game, two clothes, a bomb, a bicycle, a sheep and a goat. Dee Ananse buried this one. Ananse cried quietly, he's got Ananse to swim and drink. The next day, the people stood to eat, and he's got Ananse to say he hadn't eaten. He said, "I, Kwaku, I'm dead; I've never eaten wine. I've never eaten, and you don't drink anything to give me a phone that I hadn't eaten wine with". Ananse grows up after four days, and when he recovers, he grows up. Ananse grows up, grows up, grows up and grows up again. Then Aso grows up again. He says, "Well, I remember that now, Father's birthday party has arrived, so I am crying now". Ananse says, "Oh, this morning is good and you did not wake me; then you came to celebrate, you did not eat; and I laughed again yesterday". Ananse, "You did not eat because you did not know what to eat". Ananse said, "You did not know what to eat". Ananse just saw yen and said 'drink milk' saying:

"This is my father's hometown" they shook their heads.

Sweetie, Ye'woso sweetie.

Saworowa, E! we're not shaking, we're shaking.

Sweet.

The tree was very hot. Ananse said, "I never listen, I do". Ananse stood on the way and the leader followed him. He said, "Don't turn back and:

Ses's father's town is shaking.

Saworowa, E! we're not shaking, we're shaking.

Sweet.

Then Ananse came to him, the dream made him understand. When he recovered, he did not cry. He cried and scattered his fruit. His ears and his ears drank it. Ananse opened the door, nodded! He said, "Give me the way to restore my life, I thank you". And Okwan said, "I have heard." 'The door opened for him medicine.

My message, say good, say no, believe in it, and accept it with me.