You say, say no

AKOKOA KWASI GYINAMOA

AKOKOA Kwasi Gyinamoa is the mother of eight siblings, she has no pain in her husband, and she says to her cousin Akope's husband. Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa says, "I'm with you". Ye'see, "We're your friend." Opan'in says, "Your children are your friend, and when you reach the 'way' and say your yen, you give it to your yen". Ye'siim and Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa say, "Ye'siim". Ye'ko lives on a farm, and he's better at work; he's better at work; and he's better at eating. Ye'se said, "Yeah! it is hard for us to cross the river?" Akokoa Gyinamoa sent water to the town of Kwasi to drink water, and the two villages have water, and they have water to drink, and they have water to drink. Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Keep quiet, people don't know?" Then a bird said, "'Keep your 'home, and be alone". Ye'bekoro, an elderly woman with her head up and her feet down, and o'fwefwem' end. Ohunuo Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, lifting her head, stood up; he said, "My grandparents, why has no one come here and come here?" Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "My siblings have eight children, and she has not married her husband, and she said, she is a 'bepe husband". Ye'baye, she said, "This is my husband", and she said, "This is my husband". After we got married, the elderly woman took the medicine we used to kill her children, and she had sex with him. and Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa also had sex with the elderly woman. E!" the old woman said, "Aden?" Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Tell me about my hometown", the old woman said, "Tell me the day I woke up, and this one has passed through the bayere kantira to put it in my mouth", and she has fought so hard to get water out of my mouth." the old woman said, "Go swim", and Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Go swim", and the old woman said, "Go swim", and the old woman said, "Go swim", and the water was dry. Then, he fell asleep. Grandma the Elder fell asleep; he said, "Oh my god!" He fell asleep, and he went to the kitchen; he took his hand and touched the kid's thighs, and then he slew the eighth child. He did not know that it was his own children who killed the eighth child. The next day he woke up and Grandma the Elder came to the kitchen. Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa went to the kitchen and arrested his siblings and made him flee. Grandma the Elder came to the kitchen. Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Grandma the Elder! I am the same person as my siblings". Grandma said, "My grandmother, believe, she knows you". Okoye, and Grandmother, the elder, turned her into a maid, and she took her womb to the town of Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa. She said, "The person who is the next in line to take her womb to the town of Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa", and I married her. "People who drink from the town stand to buy; y'antimi. Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa saam". She said, "I will marry you". Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "I believe I will marry you". She married him. Okoye and he married her, and he opened his two eyes to marry her. The Ababawa said, "Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa e, you have two eyes and I have one eye". Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "Take a fight and believe he knows you." Adeekyeye, he said, "Akokoa, take a fight and come face to face". He said, "Me'nko." Ye'kaye, kaye, and she sings. Grandma said, "Aden?" She said, "My husband came to me, he went to the sea, he fell down and lost both his eyes". Grandma said, "Well, Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, look left and right, look right and right. Your grandfather, you say, 'My eyes are closed, my eyes are closed'." Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa drank wine here, she said, "Nana the old woman, you have my eyes that you have opened and I have your eyes". Grandma said, "My eyes are closed." Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa came to the house, and she said, "I have my eyes closed, my eyes are closed Osee, "My eyes are closed, my eyes are closed", and she said, "My eyes are closed, my eyes are closed, my eyes are closed, my eyes are closed, my eyes are closed, my eyes are closed, my eyes are closed, my eyes are closed, my eyes are closed, my eyes are closed, my eyes are closed, my eyes are closed, my eyes are closed". Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa said, "I'm not married". Ye'see, "Dabere are you married?" Ye'see said, and he was angry, and he married. He drank water here, Nana the Elder is drinking' twom! He said, "Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa I love you," and he fought against his hometown. And the Elder took his kenten and answered him, and he put the bee on the fire. He said, "I'm going to fight, I'm going to fight", and I'm going to kill Akokoa Kwasi Gynamoa. The old woman's grandfather said, "How are you?" He said, "Atadwe." He said, "Give me a drink." He said, "Give me a drink." He said, "Give me a drink." He said, "Dabi me'nnko." He said, "Dabi me'nnko." He opened it and went to his grandfather; the old woman's grandfather also o'wo abe.

"Akokoa, if you kill Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, No, you will take one".

Grandma said, "Your grandmother's head is on your hands." Grandma said, "You say better?" He said, "I say these dishes do not have salt". Grandma said, "Take some". This day you say to me Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa. The day you said, Nana's face and you know that Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa killed eight of my siblings, why are you hurting me? Grandma said, Get your drink. Then the day of the battle ended at home. He prayed. He said, Give me alone to go to the bathroom. And Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa went to the bathroom. He came to the bathroom, and he received the money that the elderly people used to praise him, and he went to the bathroom. Then he said, Grandmother! I, Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, have killed your grandmother again, so I took your money. Nana the Elder said, My grandmother said to you, Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa, eat, listen to your voice, and I will be with you. And the two of us ran to kill, sit! sit! sit! sit! sit! sit! Akokoa Kwasi Gyinamoa went to his hometown, and he took the money to his family, and he stopped on the street and he started fighting, and the Elder said to him, on the street, he started fighting with his grandmother

In my testimony, say yes, say no, just take some, and add some.