SEDIE EYOYE A BABADUA EBEYE APOPO

An OBA was a goddess, and he asked about a goddess. And the goddess said to him, Ankara does not give birth to you, she will die, but I am drunk for you, and what I say to you to arrest you, she does not give birth to Ohema ba to God, and tell you not to give birth, and you will marry her, and you will anoint her, and you will take her to account. In fact she was born. One day he did not have any pain in his stomach, and he said to his sister, "I am hungry, and she is cooking something for Akosua Denta to eat. Then he says, Kra, Denta where are you? He says, Nana, even the food that I drank is related to it. They say, Mhears. Enie's uncle stood in front of the door, saying he took clothes to fight the robbery accident. He takes clothes to fight the robbery accident, something to do with the robbery accident. He takes clothes off, and he falls to Akosua Denta and he dies. Kra, he says, Kra, tell you Denta is fighting the robbery, and he died? He said, Nana, my heart is crying. He said, Nana drank the robbery and he took his ba back, and he took it to the robbery and he cried; and Odekuro, he says, Kra, let him hide it, he said:

And I am with my ba Akosua Denta, and when I am pregnant, I fight against him komsuo, Say, Ohema ba.

I have heard some say Ohema ba Siankwa, Adamowa ba, My son is well buried here.

He climbed on it, and when he reached a town, Odekuro said, This man's day has passed, I hide it, and we hate it. And he said to him:

And I am with my ba Akosua Denta, and when I am pregnant, I am fighting konsuo, Say, Ohema ba i know where, Ako says Ohema ba, Siankwa, Adamowa ba, I ba well buried here.

And he put it on again. Meat, meat, meat and beef, fruit, and fish are cooked, and he put it in the oven, and crying came to the house. And Odekuro asked him, When he put it on it, he jumped; his palace was close. He said the palace was empty, and the message he sent, it was terrible!

My testimony, say good, say bad, say no believe in it, and accept it with me.