We say, say no

See YOYE A AWAREGYAYEE BAA MANMAM

One day, his wife asked him, "I believe that if you kill meat, you will eat your neck, or you will bind your neck, so that the voice says you will fight in the field, and if you don't give it to me, I will eat it, and I will eat the meat. He grew up saying, Agya Anger came, and some of them drank and some of them ate, so Anger came to kiss each other, and we greeted each other this morning, and we greeted you. Anger took his tooth, and we greeted him. He greeted him. He grew up saying, Agya Anger is with you, so I will sleep with you, and I will give you medicine; and when you drink these medicines to help you, you will be able to sleep well. He said, "Where do you think you got this grain, and I believe you, and you touch me?" The man said, Aden, your smile to his right eye, and you put the grain on it, and he woke up? Kwasi G heard it; he turned to it, hey! pull! pull! pull! The man said, Aya, thank you, thank you, and you laughed? And Kwasi G woke up and he laughed at me. Nyankonpon expressed his anger towards Kwasi Gyaba.

I'm not dead yet, Kwasi Gyaba!

And I'm not going to die, thank you, I am crying.

Kwasi Mpuroko Gyaba, and the singer, Aya, tear me up. Nyankonpon elders say, Good morning, he said, Kwasi Gyaba, you started laughing at me really, or did it help? Kwasi Gyaba said, Nana has some medicine for you, but when I am arrested, I die. Nyankonpon said, My anger is with you, so I will not let you die. Nase said, Nana helped; Nana laughed at me, and she stopped me, so she stopped me. Okye said, Kwasi Gyaba did you hear? Kwasi Gyaba said, EEyaba I laughed, and when I died, she kissed me. Her mouth is crying, Akokonini came to her; Akokonini came to her, and she said, Akokonini stood before her, Akokonini stood before her, Akokonini stood before her, Akokonini stood before her, Akokonini stood before her, Akokonini stood before her, Akokonini stood before her, Akokonini stood before her, I heard Gyaba. He also said, Nana God, let us stop praying, and I will speak to you. God says, Say yes! Kwasi Gyaba says, I swear to take this marriage ba. Pride does not stop saying, Nokore, truth, crying. God also gave the law that, Whoever says you love yourself, swear to it, or swear to your goodness, then divorce him. He said it will cause the marriage to end. And Akoko s father was the father.

In my testimony, say yes, say no, just take some, and add some.