SEDIE EFUO DUA EBEYE FITA

WE say Esono, Kwakuo, Aninhima and Efuo, and you are free; and you see, you fight against a city to get married. Ena is better. You alone, you fought a lot. Aninhima said, You are not standing there and I ask a question. He said, And who fought this road, and who fought it? Aninho said, Eye Fuo. Kwakuo said, Enie, your children took it, and we took it to get married. In the beginning, we beat it, we put it in a lot, and we got it. This method of eating it, for a while, and they sat there. Fuo said, Eye Fuo Eneo, Enie, Enie, She said, My daughter is here ; she said, My daughter is here. And the man said, My daughter is here. She cried to herself, and she cried, and she cried to him, When the young man came, she cried to me. And she came from the field, she asked him, Where have I found you? He said, My daughter is here and we celebrated. He said, "I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk, I'm drunk. His children, who were married before, saw him, and said, I and my husband again, I and my husband again, and the farm is what I feed him. The farm said, Dee I have and I feed him. And the livestock cried to help themselves. And the livestock cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him! The livestock cried to him! The livestock cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him, they cried to him. Here it is called white cotton. At the end of the day, the field tree is cotton cotton, cotton, cotton.

In my testimony, say yes, say no, just take some, and add some.