You say, 'Don't say no

Say 'YOYE A NKODA BORO BAYE

YE says that a cup of coffee will be served, yes Baba Ananse is the best. Aso, along with his sons Ntikuma, Nyiwankonfwea, and Afudotwedotwe, and Tikonokono are the best ones to eat. Ananse is angry and he takes food, ahabayere baye and drinks. Then one day Baba Ananse goes to the field; he cries out for a copper game. He says, "This cup is good". Ayowa says, "My voice is 'fe." Ananse says, "You are better than that?" He says, "I am Hohorebidi." Ananse says, "Hohorebi tell me to drink". And the copper comes to the field, and Ananse ate the wine. And when he finished, he asked the copper, "Do you hate the fruit?" Ayowa said, "I hate the yoke and the pentowa". Ananse took the copper and came to 'home, and he built it. Then he died, Ananse fought in the field' and the cow brought food and Aso drank and gave it to Ananse, he said, "Oh! you are the ones who need it, I drink the old man, I eat the strong woman, you are the only ones who need it, drink the soft one". Ananse said, "I drink the copper. " Ananse said, "This copper. " He said, "My voice is 'fefe". He said, "You are better than that?" He said, "I drink the coke". Ananse said, "Hohore, these are the only ones you need, drink the coke". He said, "Hore, give me the coke". And Ananse took the coke and ate the coke. He said Ntikuma is hot, he says hot, the sauce is good and the food is good, and he said Ntikuma, eat the sauce, eat the sauce, and drink the sauce. He said, "Hohore a little to make me laugh". He said, "Hohore a little to make me cry". And the sauce of the sauce is good. Ntikuma said, "This sauce is hot." He said, "My voice is 'fe." He said, "Are you better?" He said, "I am happy." He said, "Hohore a little to make me cry". Then Ntikuma asked the brass, "Do you drink?" Ayowa said, "Do you drink?" Ntikuma said, "I drink Yoko and pentowa". Ntikuma said, "Take a drink for me". Ntikuma said, "Take a drink for me". Dinn! "Dinn! "Dinn! "Dinn! "Dinn! "Dinn! "Dinn! "Dinn! "Dinn! "Dinn! "Dinn! "Ananse said, "My cock, my cock, my mouth, Ntikuma". Ananse said, "My cock, my mouth, my mouth, Ntikuma". Ananse said, "My mouth, my mouth, my mouth, Ntikuma". Ananse said, "My mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, Ntikuma". Ananse said, "My mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes, my eyes. Father Ananse said, "Pui! pui!" Ananse said, "Say, Adwobere". And Ananse said, "Adwobere". And the time ceased. Ananse took this time and brought it to 'home; and he fought against it. He said, My voice fe. He said, And how are you? He said, I am on the second day. He said, Take a moment for me to cry. And the time has come to put it on him, and he has fallen. Ananse stood, he said, In my testimony, say yes, say no, just take some and add some.