You say, say no

SE YOYE A ATURUKUKU KOO WURAM' MAA AKOKO SO BAA' FIE

AKOKO and Aturukuku come from 'se ko' from 'your fight'. This is what Akoko said to Aturukuku saying, "Ko Serem', and I'm fighting for you', and saying that when you get it, open your mouth and arrest me". And he went to bed. Three days after Aturukuku met his brother. And Akoko asked Aturukuku, "Your nose smile, did you get food?" He said, "Tell me how to drink beer; and tell my children to drink beer with me, and tell them how to drink wine with me, and the wine has gone 'put, pom! Kill my children, and say I have no wisdom, then kill me". And he finished, and Akoko went on to say, "Show me how to eat superfluous meat". And Aturukuku asked him, "You're 'show me how to eat superfluous meat,' take my ears". And Akoko said, "My 'show me how to eat' is to say, my master is small, my master is small, my master is small, and my master is small, and my master is small, and my master is small, and my master is small, and my master is small, and my master is small, and I eat my food; whenever my master eats superfluous meat, I fight a little, and tell me to eat it, my master is small, and my master is small, so don't eat the vegetables also come with me. That is why I say hello to the overseer. " Akoko said, "Dear you heard it is good, because on Saturday Dapa, take your children and your husband, let us live at home". Aturukuku said, "I heard, I fought, and on Saturday Dapa I came". We asked him, "Nana, Aden?" He said, "Dente says, it has been two years since you gave the coconut, so you alone tell the king to take four coconuts twelve eggs". So the king took four coconuts, took twelve eggs and cooked them, and he attacked the Dente coffin, cut the coconuts and put them on it, and he attacked the four coconuts with his head, and his feet with his feet to the left side of the coffin; and his feet with his feet to the left side of the coffin. Then the Dapa the Aturukuku saw O'ko meet his brother.

"I'm crying my brother!

That is not true!

O Akoko did I scratch your head? O Akoko did I scratch your taboo?

O Akoko have I washed your feet?

O Akoko 'did I hear you early?

O Akoko, how many times have I told you?

And Aturukuku said, "I sleep alone in the forest again and the forest is not healthy". That is why Aturukuku said Serem", and Akoko said 'home.

My message, say good, say no, believe in it, and accept it with me.