We say, say no

SE YOYE A OBI NKYERE OBI ASE

OBOFUO was born with it. When he was growing, he ate some meat in the field and ate some of it. One day, he grew in the field; he heard Kokotee free his brother saying, Kokotee Asamoa e! He said, Ya brother! He said, Work is over, and let us eat only coconut water, and we will harvest it, and each time we eat it, we will harvest coconut. He heard the free produce, and the wine, and he did not eat it. He asked his brother, He said, He said, In the town and he ate coconut water, and he said, We went back, and he said, Days, he heard the coconut tree, and he said, Days, he heard the coconut tree, and he said, Days, he heard the coconut tree, and he said, Days, he heard the coconut tree, and he said, Days, he said Days, he heard the coconut tree. When he arrived at home, he heard the noise in the forest, and the farmer said to Odekuro, "Let the children alone cut the trees, and on Monday, when the coconut tree comes, we will drink it. The children fight to cut the trees and go. And the farmer asked Odekuro, And these many days of drinking, you say alone, how do you like it? And the farmer replied, Obofuo is fighting in the wild has come to drink my answer is, on Monday some animals will come back to bring people to drink your wine. The farmer ran to beat the farmers. The king drank the fruits and vegetables, and the king drank the wine and said, "On Monday, o oba o, obak o, no one will eat anything.On Monday morning, and at that time, an elderly woman said to the vine, "One stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt, and one stomach is salt". In a deep valley, he hid the grapes and grapes. The grapes were soaked that the animals ate. Oko took the grapes, stood, and drank them, and poured them into the rivers, and the river poured them into the water. The grapes were soaked that when the grapes were stored, the grapes did not see. The grapes came home, and the King said to free the food to drink, so he came to his home. The cattle came to the palace, and they asked the king, "Why did you get angry?" the king said, "My people are with you, and you are fleeing to the village; the voice of your coming, that is why I say, come, and I will not give you cattle again". the beast cried out to the king, "Your voice, listen; and you know that Odomankoma's anger and your mouth are not speaking to you because you are arrested, he will not accept anything, he will live with you; and you know that he has given you this call, he will not come to help you; he will not accept anything; the cattle will not accept anything; but he will thank him. He'd stay with you; and he'd come back and say: you will marry us, you will marry every one of your slaves; you will marry this country and you will marry her". When the King fought to free yen, the hunter-gatherers fled. The hunter-gatherers took his book koreye; and the rest of the hunter-gatherers returned. He said he saw his book. The king agreed to organize the livestock, and the livestock stayed safe. Some of the men who married the hunter-gatherers and the hunter-gatherers gave birth to yen children. And one day some of the hunter-gatherers and some of the hunter-gatherers left the village. This is what the townspeople said to the animal, "Take care of it, the animal is your Kokotee companion". He said, "The animals are not happy, and the people of the King's house said to him, "The thing that they said to you, did not come to you, how did you like it?" The king gave him a free saying that he shouted to go. The king wept, wept", and he said, "Let the animals go to sleep, and weep, everyone will eat some salt". And the animals said, "We're not listening". And the King said, "And you listen and you will say, 'Don't help me, my friend; your coconut?" And the animals said, "O! The animals greeted the town and urged the people to eat. And they ran away, to feed the animals well. The animals listened, and they said to him, "These things have never happened before, and when you say to live with us, we hate to die.

My testimony, say good, say bad, believe it, and accept it.