You say, say no

"Sit and watch"

One day the dog said, "One day the dog says to me, 'Stay there and see'; the voice is good, I say, 'I see.' " He said. "O'koro", and Pea's ears are soft. Pea asked him, "Aden was here, and you came here?" The dog said, "That's why I was with him; he said, 'Stay there and stay and see me'me'me'me'me'me". He said, "O'koro", and Pea's ears are soft. Pea asked him, "Aden was here, and you came here?" The dog said, "That's why I was with him; he said, 'Stay there and stay and see me'me'me'me'me'me'me'me'me'me" He said, "O'koro", and Pea's ears are soft. Pea asked him, "Aden was here, and you came here?" Ogyayenten asked him, "Why didn't someone take this path to fish?" Ogyasir said, "Da, here he says, 'I see,' and I hear me'bepe 'I see' fall." Ogyayenten said, "There I am, but fight in front of you". Ogyasir said, "Bekoro, Nsiramma is lying on the beach, and he came; he met him. Ogyasirama said, "Aden came here and you came here?" Ogyasir said, "When I heard this, he said, 'I see' and I saw my lips 'I see' fall." Ogyasir said, "Bekoro, but fight in front of you,' and he buried you". Ogyasir said, "Okoda". Ogyasir said, "Bekoro, but you fought in front of me", and he buried you again. Ogyasir said. Ogyasir said, "Aden came here and you came here?" Ogyasir said, "When I heard this, he said, 'I see' and I saw my lips 'I see' fall. The monkey said, "We believe we will have someone's blood put on this tree". Then the monkey came to him, he said, "No one has ever been here, and you have come here?" He said, "That is when you sleep with me; he said, 'Stay here and you will see,' and I heard him say 'I see.' " And the monkey took the monkey drink, and he cut his head, and he poured its blood on it; he poured some of it on the monkey. The old man said to the old man, "Come and sit with him, he will say something. And when I am angry, I see the old man and he will see, sebe, and the fool said to the old man, 'I see' he has fallen. sleepwalk his voice, my eyes are laughing at you, you see him, take it with me".

My advice to you, if it is good, if it is not, just take some, and add some.