We say, say no

SEDIE MPANINFUO SE, KETESO ASEM YENNKA

YesSE Nyankonpon Kwame planted a lot of crops, and planted corn, sugarcane, vegetables, beans, and corn. The crops were ripe, and the crops varied. God blessed his crops, and anyone who ate graces and didn't eat them, he didn't marry his wife ba Abena Nkroma. He stole, he ate them, and we ate them; he ate them, and we ate them; people didn't eat them; we ate them. And he said, and the farmer who passed said, Agya Ananse, work!, he said, YDie o! We say, Farm that no one knows, and you eat it? Ananse says, E! he does not eat fruit, that is why I eat it He says this. His hands are cold He said this. He said it was good for him ; he said it was good for him ; he said it was good for him He said it was cold He said it was good for him Work! and he said, He said, O fruit, and he cried, he said it is good for him He said, He said it, and he said it is good for him The farmer said, E! The farmer said, E! God asked him, He has done it? He said, No, he has not done it. God gave Abena Nkroma to marry Ananse. One night, Ananse had a wedding feast, and the bride asked him, You have made your father's field very strong, the fields that everyone else has fought on, and what, and you have made your way? Ananse said, Your faith says that I am a fool? I used to say that someone walks by and asks me, Ananse, this farm that no one owns, how did you clean it? And it felt good to me, and I put my hand to my feet, and I kissed him, and I said, Ananse, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please,

Abena Nkroma, this does not make any noise.

Let's take it slowly.

He said, Dabi.

One came, and another came.

Ananse was hungry one day. Ananse was there and he was crying. He said, Abena Nkroma. Dinn! Ananse said, I found you. He took kora to drink this water, and poured it on the little one of Abena Nkroma. And Ananse said, Ko! So I stopped. And Abena Nkroma said, Leave me alone, and I will stop, and if you don't let me eat it, I will die. And Ananse said, I have heard, if you ask me to take it as a gift, it is over. The elder says, Aketesosem does not speak. These words I have spoken, say it is good, say it is not good, say it is not good, believe it, and accept it with me.