You say, say no

SEDEE OKRA, DA YE'BE HUNO NO and ODA MPIKYI SOO, NA'KRAMAN SO OBEDA ASOMOROFI

A YE'S baby is born, a baby is born, a baby is born, a baby is born, a baby is born, a baby is born, a baby is born, a baby is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child is born, a child, a child, a child is said, a child is born, a child, a child, a child is said, a child, a child, a child is said, a child, a child is said, a child, a child is said, a child is said, a child, a child, a child, a child, a child, a child, a child, a child is said, a child, a child, a child, a child, a child, a child, a child is said, a child, a child is said, a child, a child He said, "Give it to me". The owner of the farm said, "Your milk is gone. " The owner of the farm said, "Where is it?" The owner of the farm said, "Rain". He said, "Good fruit! the water is good". He took the dog, and brought him home. He said, "Aden, your mouth?" He said, "I put the money in the dog. " You say, "Oh money!" Then it is gone, then it is gone. He said, "Yes, give me the money alone to be honest". He said, "Your father will throw the pot again, and how long will it be?" He said, "Rain is gone". He said, "Give it to the dog". He said, "Give it to the dog". He said, "I put the money on the road". He said, "Oh, it is gone!" He said, "Yes, give me the money, then it is gone". He said, "Yes, give me the truth". He said, "Your father will throw the pot again, and how long will it be?" He said, "Rain is gone". He said, "Give it to the dog". He said, "Give it to him". And he put it on the road. He says, "The boy gives me this sympathy". He says, "My stomach hurts my leg, so I kiss it". He says, "I smile at you and give it to me". He says, "Your stomach hurts." The dog says, "Where will you take it?" He says, "It is raining and it is cold". He says, "That is why, take it." The dog takes the soul, throws it at home. He said, "Give me my money to save myself. They say, My money stops stopping, and I will give it to you, They say, Okay, did you bring it? He says, Dee I brought it to you. The day you came to my village, and the Red one said, Come! You cried, and the Red one said, I am the king of my country, and I say I will build a way and a slave will attack me and attack you, you will attack me, and I will attack you, you will attack my country, the message will be very good to you. The Red one said, You help, and you will escape. O king! One day he arrested the king of Corinth, arrested him and said, Yobekae is here. And he fought again, this time. Then Akwamuhene said, Gyaseking your own pain coffee. Koko shouted and he pleaded. He said, Yes o! He took part in the coronation and the coronation and took the coronation to the king's house. Oboo's family suffered and came to the palace and some of his servants, and this morning, the priest, and he beat him, and his voice came to the palace. And he said, Give the money, and everything you have, this money will be good for you. He said, I heard. He was fighting for his country; he was fighting for his country; and he was fighting for his country. Then they said, Akwaba Aku, woe Aku! Then when he got the money, he came back, he got the money, he got the money, he paid it. And the vineyard said, This is the money; I will fight to build the city until the next day. They said, I will kill you. The tomb of the dead died ; he said, He sat down to see me! He said, He sat down to see me, and he said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said He said, He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said He said, Kaa, let the people come and sit together! And the people came. He made them eat hema; so they followed king. And the language was with him, and Ananse's best friend. One day you, Kwaku Ananse came to the town of this day. He said, E! ba ba ba ba ba, ba ba ba ba, you are the one who got sick, and your eyes are heavy, and you say this? Ananse said, O! I have fought for my country and I have come. Ananse fought for his country; the man arrested him and said, Mebe send to your friend, be alone, take this wine fight to him, and any cry he cries for you, listen; and when you reach him, it is time to put your hands on the door. Ababawa rose to fight the man's country. The man said to him, Yee be alone, and say goodbye to me before you fight. The man said, I have heard. Ananse fought for the fruit and he fought for it; and he threw it on the door; and he fought for the fruit; he fought for the wine, and he fought for the city Ananse, he fought for three days. He asked the farmer to tell him that he had not seen him. He said that Ananse had captured a city far deeper than his own. He was asking about the gods. The gods said, Ananse's nephew ba who came to him had fought to kill him. Ananse also fought to find out if Okra and Okraman had been sent to kill him. So he took medicine to kill them and put them on the road, and told them to kill some of the animals and kill them all again. Some people have said to put medication in corn in the street, so if you are overweight, don't take it, and lose weight. Okraman says, O soul you hear, you cry. Okra said, "So, you who 'tell me you smell your nose." There was a dispute, and the owner said, "It is well that you are alone".

He says, "My heart hurts, and I'm not alone". Okra says, "Let us drink and this is what is needed". He says, "Okra, my heart hurts." Okra stands up.

koreye. and Okraman fought for the meat; he ate it; he ate it; he ate it; he was nowhere else. and Okra reached the town of Ananse, he would destroy Ananse dependence, and put it on him. When he got there, he cried out to Akura e'sane. On his head, he heard! He said, "Nkyeme, na aden?" He said, "My master is gone, and he said, 'Drink Ananse's box that is in the middle of my journey', and he said, 'Come and fight with me,' and I will let you go". Akura said, "My friend." Okra said, "Stop me, and tell me to stop fighting, and tell me not to take it, and tell me where to go?" Akura said, "When you catch my breath, take my breath" Okra said, "Take my breath" Akura put his breath in the middle of my journey, and the bones of Ananse's body were in the middle of my journey. Okra said, "The water has gone down", Okra said, "Yes". Okra said, "The water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down", Okra said, "the water has gone down, the river has gone down, and the water has gone down, and the water has gone down, and the water has gone down, and give me the water, and I will let you know my eyes.

We reached the river, and 'the dog jumped.' Okra sa'ra. Now Okra is gone. 'The dog reached the middle of the river, and waited, and said o'so hom'kokoo, and said o'so throw it into the water.'

Okra came to Okra. Okra said, "Where are you?" He said, "He has come to drink water". Okra ran to drink the water; he cried to think a little and passed. And Okra followed him. The thought said, "Aden?" He said, "I'm going to go to the river now, so when you cry, take my food for me now. If you don't give it to me, I will kill you now. Ye'be went to 'home, Okra booed the owner and said, "Okraman, ye'kone, don't drink it so you don't drink it anymore. Ebio, I took the cow's milk' and said 'baby, Okra said to me, drink the water that you have to drink so I don't pay the debt' I gave it to him and he went to swim in the water. He waited for a while and waited for a while. " The people stood up and said, "Mr. Okra. Yes!" And the king said, "Your 'Kra, whatever food I eat, I give it to you to drink some salt". Then you put food on the floor and he doesn't eat it. And on Okram, sleep your body and eat it, ears. Then you bite and eat it. He says, "Koa!" And that is why he sent the yen.

My message, say good, say bad, say bad, believe in it, and accept it with me.