You say, say no

SEDIE ANANSE NAM WASUO ANI A, ODE MIRIKA

KWAKU ANANSE said to Okraman, "Please tell me to fight with you to catch the fish". Okraman said, "Me too, my fish". Ananse said, "Adae to Kwasiada, on Monday to catch the fever, I fight for the fever and the fish. Then, I pour water to the fish, and if you are well, drink some, and the fish, and the fish, and the fish, and the fish, and the fish, and the fish, and the fish". Okraman said, "Yes, the fish". Ananse said, "Please drink some of the fish". Ananse said, "Please drink some of the fish". Ananse said, "Please drink some of the fish". Ananse said, "Yes! And this is why he died, he?" Okraman said, "It is my stomach". Ananse said, "You!" When he was resting, Ananse said, "'The dog lets him play". Okraman said, "Agoro ben?" Ananse said,

"Bind me first, and bind me first, and I will bind you, and you hear me say, 'Die!' and you stop. " Okraman says, "No, you will bind me first." Ananse says, "Fa so'ho, opa'nin e'ka arrest you and you shut up?" Ananse says, "He stopped". Ananse says, "Bekyek took me." Ananse says, "The dog threw the fever on Ananse and bound him.

"Ananse Akuamoa, I have not found a good animal to feed me;

And this Okraman 'Kwasea o'ko terrified me.

Who doesn't respect me?

Okwan save me!"

Ananse cried and cried. Okraman took him to a river. He and Odenkyem heard the sound of Ananse. He pleaded with him, and asked for Okraman's pain. Okraman called Ananse, and he ran away, and Odenkyem cried to Ananse. And Ananse said, "Agya, why should I thank you?" Odenkyem said, "Ye'mmpe." Ananse said, "Tell your children, tomorrow I will come and drink our water". Odenkyem said, "I'm sorry." An came to the house; Ananse said, "An eye is not there, and tomorrow I will fight Odenkyem, so that you will eat". One day, Ananse cried and said, "Tell your children, tomorrow I will come and drink our water". He said, "Agya Odenkyem Asuoboa I'll praise you!" and he poured the chicken into the water.Odenkyem went, and he said o'fa to drink it out, and Ananse said, 'The chicken cut, fire! and he would have done it; and he shook it. Ananse returned to the house. Ananse asked him, "Where is the chicken?" Ananse said, "Follow it; the people came to the house, take his breath and ask for his breath". Ananse said, "If you see a cure I have; if I kill meat, take it as a snack and take it, and say you know it, you!" Ananse harvested fruit and fought Odenkyem over the waters. Ananse said to him, "Odenkyem you are dead? Odenkyem you are dead?" and he changed his mind. Odenkyem was sleeping quietly, he was not sick. Ananse said he drank his hand, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, or Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem, Odenkyem,

My advice to you, if it is good, if it is not, just take some, and add some.