October 2026

He's on the other side of the fence

It says the Kingdom of JEHOVAH is coming

ADECTIONS:

December 7, 2026JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

A year ago

The 1st of January 1926 said that soon God will make everyone know that he is the Sovereign.

In 1926, through Jesus Christ, the head of the congregation, Jehovah made it clear to the Christians that the preaching work should be the first thing in their lives. For this reason, the faithful and discreet slave made new books, and the way they conducted congregation meetings was also changed.

You were born before you were born, and now you have the right to live in peace.

In April, The Golden Age, now known as Awake!, announced the release of a new book called Deliverance, which would replace the Studies in the Scriptures book in the ministry.In order to get the number of books needed to go to the ministry, the brothers at the Bethel purchased a new printing press, which could print 22 books in one minute.

For many years, the Bible Students studied the Studies in the Scriptures book during the course of study, but since May 1926, they started studying The Watchtower. How did it help them?

The Little Bunker Hill congregation in Illinois wrote a letter to Brother Rutherford saying: Little Bunker Hill congregation greets you. On Sundays, we learn what the congregation of Jehovah has taught us to learn. We are very happy that, if any new light comes, we all see it quickly in the Watchtower.

Another day, or another change that was coming helped the Bible Students to focus on the ministry. For example, one Watchtower study explained that while it is appropriate to show good manners, treat people well, and show respect, we should not neglect the most important work.

Another Watchtower study also emphasized that what true Christians do to show their deep love for Jehovah is to serve him with all their heart.

The changes brought by the leaders did not take long to come to fruition.A few weeks later, they submitted a letter from a congregation in the July 15, 1926 issue of The Watchtower that said:

2 OWN-ABAN

It has given us great encouragement and comfort. Now we are not just reading the Watch Tower, but we are learning. The paper also said: Now, when we are conducting a study, everyone wants to participate, and it is very helpful to our congregation.

You are a teacher, and you teach your friends how to deal with them in the best way possible.

At the end of May, many Bible Students attended a meeting held in London, England. At that time, workers in Britain were protesting against going to work, so it was difficult to get a company to print books for them.

On Saturday, May 29, they started bringing the booklet into the ministry.On that day, the message that had been spread on the conference program encouraged the brothers: Anyone who has been baptized at this meeting should tell people about Jesus and his Kingdom.Tomorrow morning, everyone should make an effort to arrive at Alexandra Palace early, and the brothers there will tell you what to do.

The brothers distributed more than 100,000 brochures.The July 15, 1926 issue of The Watchtower reported: "The brothers were very happy. They felt that they had listened to Jehovah and preached the good news to people to show that they were his Witnesses.

The next day, Brother Rutherford gave a speech at the Royal Albert Hall. Its title was What the World Leaders Are Doing to End the Trouble They stood still, as soon as the door opened, 13,000 people filled it. Those who were not allowed in the hall built large speakers outside to listen.

In Brother Rutherford's speech, he explained that the reason the world leaders are shaking their heads is because they have rejected Jehovah and his Kingdom.

INDIA is the official language of India

While Brother Rutherford was holding a meeting in London, he met a pioneer named Edwin Skinner.He was from Sheffield in England.After the meeting he returned to Sheffield, Brother Rutherford told him that the funeral was in London.

Brother Skinner said: It happened to me that he would ask me to serve in another country. Brother Skinner continued: The next day, I went to London.

A. The book Deliverance

B. Alexandra Palace in London

D. Royal Albert Hall in London

Deliverance!

A

B B B

D D D D D

E. George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner while serving in India

E. George Draper

E



He says that if I go to serve abroad, I will not shake my head. In fact, when he arrived, Brother Rutherford asked him: If we say go to India, will you go? Edwin also answered: When do you want to go?

Three weeks later, in July, Edwin Skinner and George Wright sailed to India. Brother Wright was also an active evangelist. Brother Skinner served at Bethel, and he oversaw all the ministry in the country. Work was also done in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), and Persia (Iran), and he oversaw it. Brother Skinner lived in India for 64 years until he finished his ministry on the ground in 1990.

A lot of people know how to do their job.

Since about 1894, the congregation of Jehovah has sent representatives to visit the Bible Students, as the circuit overseers do today.In July 1926, the way they do their work changed.Originally, it was one day, but now it takes two days to visit each group.Moreover, they had to spend 100 hours each month in the ministry.

Brother George Draper, who was a traveling overseer, wrote to the congregation: "Jehovah's servants are like dogs watching at home, so we must warn people about the danger that is coming. [Isa. 56:10] The Watchtower that we will study will help us to do that, and that is what matters to me. Brother Draper completed his ministry on the earth in 1938.

A day in the life of NEW YORK CITY

The last major gathering we held that year was held on October 14-18, 1926, in New York City.Brother Rutherford was to give a speech titled A Great War Coming to the World.The company that distributes newspapers agreed to announce Brother Rutherford's speech.

On Friday, October 15, Brother R. J. Martin released another leaflet called Against the People. Its goal was to expose what the leaflet had done and publicize Brother Rutherford's speech. Brother Martin said: We started printing our books with our own technology. Our brothers at Bethel will work day and night to print the 1,250,000 leaflets, and we will let the brothers at this meeting go to distribute the leaflets. After the meeting ended on Friday, the brothers started distributing the leaflets. By the evening, the 300,000 papers had been distributed.

On Saturdays and Thursdays, more were distributed, and the number reached 1,000,000. In addition, the brothers worked hard to distribute 3,783 Deliverance books, and 35,140 booklets.

On Sunday, October 17, at three o'clock in the afternoon, some 12,000 people attended Brother Rutherford's speech.

4 OWN-ABAN

F. A newspaper; announcing Brother Rutherford's speech entitled A Great War Coming to the World

G. The meeting held in October 1926 at Madison Square Garden in New York

more than 9,000; until then, there had never been a conference that distributed so many books.

It is located at 117 Adams Street.

Because so many people wanted some of our books, the brothers in Brooklyn who were leading saw that, where we were publishing books, we needed to expand. Many years later, they opened a building at 18 Concord Street; that is where they were publishing books. However, as the business expanded, the area became small. So the brothers bought a land in Adams Street; it was near their old site, and they started to build a large roof that continues to eight. Now, they would have a place to print books.

The building, which was under construction at 117 Adams Street, was started in 1927. it would help the brothers to prepare for the future expansion. In 1927, many people came to the congregation, and Jehovah continued to purify them, so that in 1931 they could be called Jehovah's Witnesses.

A book publishing facility located at 117 Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York

October 2026 5

December 7-13, 2026

46 songs

Thank you, Jehovah

What is the importance of education?

Why we should show appreciation, and how we will try to do so.

Always show appreciation

Be grateful people. COL 3:15.

There was a 95-year-old man named John* who was very sick. So people were there to look after him. Every day someone would come to visit him, or even do something small for him, John would thank him. One of those watching him said: Although John's age and illness were temporary, he was always happy and he did not complain. John's story shows that even when things are not going well, when we show gratitude, it makes us happy and our hearts calm.

2 However, sadly, many people today lack gratitude. the Bible foretells that in the last days people will be thankful. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) Some people forget to thank someone for doing something for them. while others, if someone does something for them, they do not know why they should be thanked, because they feel it is the responsibility of the recipient. such a quality is not at all; it is selfishness.

3 As Jehovah's servants, we should not imitate the gratitude-loving people of this world. The apostle Paul admonishes us: We should not be thankful people. (Col. 3:15) When someone does something for us or helps us, gratitude should not be in our hearts, but rather it should be in our hearts.

* The name has been changed.

1. What do you learn from John's story? (See also pictures.)

2. How do many people behave today?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

6

When you show appreciation for things, it gives you joy and peace of mind (See paragraph 1)

to thank him or to do something to show appreciation for what he has done for us. To help us do this, let us consider these three questions: (1) Why should we show appreciation? (2) How can we increase our appreciation? (3) What can we do to show appreciation?

WHY DO we need to show respect?

4 If we do not show appreciation for things, it is up to us. The wicked are not happy. The Bible says:

4. What can happen if we do not appreciate things?

5 If we show appreciation for things, it helps us. A person who shows appreciation for things is happy. the last part of Proverbs 15:15 says: He who has a happy heart is always at a party. A person who has a happy heart, even when facing problems, he focuses on the good things going on in his life and expresses appreciation for them.

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. When we thank Jehovah in prayer for what he has done for us, we should not be overwhelmed by anxiety. Why do we say that? If we show appreciation, we should not focus too much on what will happen tomorrow or in the future, but we should focus on what Jehovah is doing for us now.

5. When we show appreciation for things, why does it make us happy?

6. When we thank Jehovah, why can we say that it can make us feel better? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

October 2026 7

Take time each day to remember how Jehovah is blessing you (See paragraphs 9-10)

He will also help us in the future. If that happens, it will not overwhelm us with anxiety. (Matthew 6:25-34) Also, if we are suffering and thank Jehovah in prayer and pour out our hearts to him, he will give us peace, and that will calm us down.

7 When we show appreciation, we draw closer to Jehovah.Every good thing we have is from Jehovah. (Read James 1:17.) He has given us many things; including the ransom, and the hope that we can live forever.Why has Jehovah given us all these things? not because we deserve it, but because he loves us. (Romans 3:24; Ephesians 2:8) This love that Jehovah shows us and the good things he has given us, if we show appreciation for it, it makes the love he gives us great, and we will become his close friends.

What should we do to help others?

8 Think about the good things that Jehovah has done for you in the past. You may have faced a serious problem in your life. You may have lost a loved one, suffered a serious illness, or faced opposition because of your faith. What helped you to cope with any of these problems? If you look back, you yourself know that if Jehovah hadn't helped you, you would not have been able to endure it. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) How he has helped you in the past, if you focus on your faith, your gratitude to Jehovah will increase. (Ps 103:2.)

9 Think about how Jehovah is blessing you.The Bible encourages us to be thankful for everything. (1 Thess. 5:18) Take time each day to remember how Jehovah is blessing you.You can do so anytime.You want to do it in the morning, and have something to meditate on during the day.You also want to do it in the evening, so that you can go to bed and not be overwhelmed by worry. (Job 92:1, 2) You can imitate John, whom we discussed at the beginning of this study and remember the good things that Jehovah has done for you.What are the good things you can do to meditate on?

7. How does appreciation affect our friendship with Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. How will meditating on the good things that Jehovah has done for us help us? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What good things does Jehovah do for you every day? (See also the pictures.)

8 OWN-ABAN

10 First of all, think about what Jehovah has done for you that day. (Ps 40:5) Think about how Jehovah helps you spiritually. how he hears your prayers, how his Word, the Bible, comforts you, how the Bible books, videos, and the JW Broadcasting program show that he cares for you. (Ps 65:2; Matt 24:45; Rom 15:4) Think about the good things he does for you physically. 17:25) What else has Jehovah given you that you can thank him for?

11 Being part of a large family and serving Jehovah with your siblings, you get many blessings. Try to meditate on those blessings. (Ps 133:1; Prov 18:24) It may be that a brother or sister has volunteered to help you, or has said something comforting to you. (Prov 12:25; 16:24) Even the small things that our siblings do for us, are among the blessings that Jehovah gives us, so we should thank Him for them. Here is an example: A sister went to the school because of the loss of her father, and she was grieving, and she could not sing. So she hurriedly came to me and put her hand on my neck, and she finished singing with me. This made my love for the brothers deeper.

12 If you think about the good things that Jehovah has done for you, and what he is continuing to do for you, it will increase the gratitude in your heart.

What is the meaning of life?

13 What are some things we can do to show gratitude? for you, let us look at the tradition on which this article is based. after the apostle Paul advised us to show appreciation for things, he continued: And whatever you do, talk or work, do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, and thank God the Father through him. (Col. 3:15, 17) This shows us that it is through speech and actions that we show gratitude. here Paul is talking about giving thanks to Jehovah. but what others do for us, too, when we show appreciation, it pleases Jehovah. So, how can we show appreciation for what others do for us by our speech or words, and actions? Let us consider some of them.

14 Use your speech or words to show appreciation for what others do for you. Let it be customary for you to thank someone, even if they do a small thing for you. If it is a word of encouragement to you, a letter of encouragement to you, or a commendation to you, you can thank them. Sometimes you can send a text message, email, or you can send a false letter to thank them. For example, a congregation elder has come to you or your family to encourage you recently?

11-12. What blessings does Jehovah give us through our brothers?

13. How can we show others that we appreciate what they do for us?

14. How can you use your speech or words to show appreciation for what others do for you? (See also pictures.)

October 2026 9

How can you use your words and actions to show appreciation for what others do for you? (see paragraph 14)

He thanked her. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) Even so, you can thank the wives of elders. Thus, while they can do something with their husbands, they make sacrifices so that their husbands can help the members of the congregation to encourage them.

15 Most of all, we must thank Jehovah. How can we do this? by praying to him from the bottom of our heart. Remember, prayers are different. (Eph. 6:18) We may often pray for supplications or supplications. In such prayers, we may ask Jehovah for something that he will give us the strength to face trials, or wisdom to make good decisions. or we may ask for forgiveness for a mistake we have made so much. However, if we meditate on the good things that Jehovah has given us, we can pray for them daily. (Ps. 95:2) We can also ask ourselves some questions to examine how our prayers are. We can ask ourselves: Are our prayers just requests, or do we often thank Jehovah?

15. How can we show in our prayers that we appreciate what Jehovah is doing for us?

16 Do something specific to show appreciation for what others do for you. When someone does something to touch your heart, do something to show appreciation. When we do something for others, it makes us happy, so when someone does something for us, not just thanks them with our mouths or our words, but also when we do something specific to show appreciation for them, it makes us very happy. (Acts 20:35) Also, when we do this, it makes others feel loved, and it makes them happy too. This makes them love us.

17 When we look at the many things that Jehovah has done for us, it moves us to do something for him to show our deep appreciation for what he has done for us. What can we do for Jehovah? What can we do is to offer our bodies as a living sacrifice to him? (Read Romans 12:1) This means that we use our whole mind, heart, and energy to do what Jehovah wants. What are the things that Jehovah wants?

16. Why should we do something specific to show appreciation for what others do for us?

17-18. What can we do to show Jehovah that we appreciate what he has done for us?

10 OWN-ABAN

18 When we learned about Jehovah and saw what he has done for us, our appreciation for him increased. This moved us to dedicate ourselves to him, and we were baptized. Not only that, we continue to serve him with all our time, energy, and resources. Therefore, we try to read his Word the Bible daily and meditate on it, and we dedicate ourselves to preaching the good news to others. 10:24, 25; 13:15) When we do what we can to serve Jehovah, the most important thing is that we appreciate what he does for us. Col 3:23, 24.

19 In this world we live in, many people do not have gratitude. but we know how important it is to show appreciation. we know that when we show appreciation for things, it increases our joy, it affects our minds, and most of all, it brings us closer to Jehovah. when we think about what Jehovah has done for us and what he is continuing to do for us, it fills our hearts with gratitude. let us be determined to use our speech and gratitude to show what we do for others. but most importantly, we must let Jehovah know that we appreciate what he has done for us all. If we do this, the blessings that our appreciative God will pour upon us today and in the future are infinite. Ps 106:1; Heb 11:6.

19. Why are you determined to show appreciation?

PAGE 7: This picture shows what John did. PAGE 8: Things are not going well for a sister, but she is thinking about the blessings that Jehovah has given her; including a love affair that comforts her.

What do you think?

■ Why should you appreciate things?

■ How can you increase your appreciation?

■ What can you do to show gratitude?

Psalm 139

Be respectful of the New World

December 14-20, 2026

Song 143

Continue to work, Wake and Wait

What is the importance of education?

We will see how Jehovah is doing three miracles through us in our time.

12

Thanks to the opportunity that you have that Jehovah is doing miracles through you,

That is how everyone will know that you are my disciples. YOH 13:35.

Imagine that you were there when Jehovah opened the Red Sea for the Israelites to go through without the help of the Egyptians. Imagine how happy you would have been! Also, imagine that you would have paid for Jesus healing the sick and raising the dead. Do you think it would have made you very happy? But when we say miracles, what does it mean?

2 Miracles are something that human power cannot do, or something that cannot be fully understood. It is something that Jehovah uses his power to do. In this article, we will look at three miracles that Jehovah is doing among his people today. We can say that these things are miracles, because, only Jehovah can make them happen. In each one, we will look at what we will do to show that we are God's good workers. Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

KNOWLEDGE is a good thing

3 More than 2,500 years ago, the prophet Isaiah prophesied that in our time God's people would increase in number. (Read Isaiah 60:22, footnote) Do you see this prophecy coming true?

1-2. (a) What are some of the many miracles mentioned in the Bible? (b) What is a miracle, and what can each of us do? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can we say that Jehovah's people have become a great nation? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also the picture)

Since 1914, the number of Jehovah's servants has increased (See paragraph 3)

2026 More than 9,000,000

1914 About 5,000

There are about 5,000 of them worldwide. But since then, according to the study, the small population has grown to more than nine million people. There are more than 130 countries where there are fewer people than that. Today, there are people who love Jehovah and serve him all over the world, we have not seen such a day in history. These people live in more than 240 countries.

4 There are some churches that have a large population, but you will join them, because of the baptism of infants. But we do not do so. Also, we do not accept the guidance God wants us to live according to the crowd. Instead, we study the Bible, and apply its advice in our lives. Many of us there, we need to change our minds and make big changes in our lives. (1 Cor. 6:9-11)

4. Why is it surprising that the number of Jehovah's servants is increasing?

After this change, we became publishers, and we started inviting others to join us in worship. At some point, we dedicated ourselves to Jehovah to do his will, in water or during the day, and then we got baptized.

5 The progress we have made is miraculous, because it is Jehovah who gives us the disease. Jesus made it clear that if anyone wants to be his disciple, he will not take pain from him. He said: If someone wants to follow me, he should not do what he wants anymore. Instead, he should take his cross and follow me regularly. (Matt 16:24) This means that the disciples of Jesus must know that because of the example they have in Jesus, people can be blinded, or even killed. 16:2) Also Jesus said that it falls

5. What did Jesus say would happen to his disciples?

October 2026 13

They hate them, but many of them respect them.

During the Second World War, people became very hostile to Jehovah's Witnesses. However, surprisingly, the number of Witnesses increased. One Nazi soldier said:

While the war was still going on, look at what happened in the Netherlands as well.The 1986 Yearbook reported: Although many of the Kingdom Publishers were arrested and imprisoned, deported to concentration camps, and many were killed by the enemy.

one day, because of loyalty, families will be divided.

6 Jesus' words came true; Christians in the time of the apostles faced severe opposition. Shortly after Jesus ascended to heaven, the Jewish religious leaders did everything to stop the disciples from preaching. They arrested the apostles and brought them before the Sanhedrin. The religious leaders wanted to kill the apostles, but a Pharisee named Gamaliel warned them: Don't bother them. Rather, don't let them go. Because these teachings or these men come from men, they will collapse. And if they come from God, then you cannot kill them. Otherwise, it is possible that you are fighting with God himself. (Acts 5:33, 34, 38, 39) For Gamaliel, it may have been that he was just saying his message, but he was telling the truth. Even after the apostles were released, the religious leaders continued to hate them. However, these faithful disciples were not disappointed; they continued to preach the gospel, and many people became disciples of Jesus. (Acts 6:7) How did it succeed? God supported them, so regardless of the many opposition they met, many of them continued to disbelieve.

7 Today, thousands of people are coming to faith even though their relatives, coworkers, and others have put them in their hands, or persecuted them severely. Why are these other disciples convinced that they will take their cross? (Matt. 16:24) The reason they do this is because they love Jehovah, and they also believe in the promise he made to take care of them. That is why Jehovah also gives them more power than humans so that they can endure the problems in the family. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When they face enemies because of their faith, they feel like the singer. He said: If even my mother rejects me, Jehovah will save me (Ps. 27:10) The trials and tribulations that people go through before they become disciples of Jesus is not a small matter.

6. Why could the opposition not stop the early Christians from preaching?

7. How do the disciples of Jesus today imitate the early Christians? (See also the box, They Hate Their Eyes, But Their Most Respect Them.)

14 OWN-ABAN

8 In the miracles that Jehovah and Jesus are doing to draw people into the congregation, what we can do to help is to take part in the preaching work.In the work we are doing, Jehovah and Jesus are supporting us, because Jesus assured us: I am with you all the days until the end of the world. (Matthew 28:20) Besides, the heavenly bodies of angels also help us to do the preaching work. Revelation 14:6, 7.

Bakery is a good food

9 The prophet Micah prophesied a new miracle that would happen in our time. This is the unity among God's people. The women and men whom Jehovah would gather to serve him in unity, he told the prophet Micah to talk about it. (Read Micah 2:12.) Today, people in God's congregation come from different backgrounds and personalities, but they are all one. This is evidence that the prophecy of Micah has been fulfilled.

10 For example, regardless of where we are, we all learn the same thing at meetings, circuits, and conventions.The brothers who work in Bethel facilities, and those who build congregations around the world, are different from the countries they come from and the language they speak.We love each other very much, so regardless of where someone is from, their culture, their poverty, whether they are rich or what is going on in their country, let us not let anything divide us. Think about it, because we belong to a large family, wherever we go, we have brothers and sisters who are ready to give us everything we need physically. They also encourage us to continue to serve Jehovah.

11 The unity between us is wonderful, because the world is divided. If you go anywhere in the world, it is just one-to-one. If you listen to noise, all you hear is fighting, rioting, rebellion, demonstration, violence, war, and so on. So everything indicates that the world is very divided. The Bible says that, at a time, people will be discouraged, people will not be able to make covenants, people will not be able to destroy themselves, they will not be able to control themselves, they will be cruel, they will be unkind, they will betray people, they will be disobedient, they will be proud. 3:2-4) Although the whole world is in the power of the evil one, and he and the wicked angels fight against us constantly, they can never separate us; we continue to serve Jehovah joyfully together. (1 John 5:19; Rev. 12:9) This is also a miracle!

12 How can we protect the unity in the congregation of Jehovah? it is by listening to everything Jehovah says and using it. what we learn from the Bible helps us to be patient, to forgive, and to avoid complaints, and to show kindness to others. (Eph 4:2, 31, 32) Whenever we overlook the mistakes of our brothers and sisters, we will try to avoid blemishes or mistakes, or we will forgive them, and we will help to stay united in the congregation of Jehovah.

8. With the miracles that Jehovah is doing to draw people into the congregation, what can we do to help?

9-10. What shows that today the prophecy in Micah 2:12 has been fulfilled?

11. Why can we say that the unity between us is a wonder?

12. How can we help to maintain unity in the congregation of Jehovah?

October 2026 15

Jehovah's servants love each other very much, and they also love their neighbors

(See paragraph 14)

if we did, we would allow Jehovah to work miracles through us in the congregation.

ANWANWADLO

13 Jesus said that if his disciples love one another, that is how all will know that they are his disciples. (Read John 13:35.) The early Christians did many things to show that they loved one another. One of the things they did was: They shared their wealth with those who had nothing. (Acts 2:44, 45) They prayed for their brothers and sisters who were despised by the people. (Acts 12:5) They helped the widows and orphans. (James 1:27) Also, although they were in need of food, when their brothers and sisters were in need, they made donations to them (2 Cor. 8:1-4) The historian Tertullian, who lived after the death of the apostles, said that what people say about the early Christians is: Watch how they love each other and how they are willing to die for themselves.

14 Just as the early Christians loved one another, so do God's people today. Even those who do not serve Jehovah, we increase our love for one another, so we share some of the good news with them. We donate voluntarily to support the preaching work; no one compels us, nor do we pay tithes. Because we love our brothers and sisters, when they are busy, we rush to help them.* Not only that, we comfort one another, we encourage one another and we organize ourselves so that we can serve Jehovah with joy. Doing so shows that we are applying the words of the apostle Paul: Consolate the depressed; help the weak; be patient with all people. (1 Thess 5:14) Jehovah has brought us into a large family; the members of that family love each other very much, and they also love their neighbors.

15 The love among God's servants is very wonderful, because selfishness has filled the world.The apostle Paul said that in the last days, people will be selfish, love money, and rather than love God, they will seek happiness.

13. How did the early Christians show love for one another? (John 13:35)

14. How do God's people show love? (See also pictures.)

* For example, see the article on jw.org called Disaster Relief in 2022 Show We Have Love.

15. How we love each other, why is it so amazing?

16 OWN-ABAN

(Matthew 24:10, 12) If you look at what is happening in the world today, can you not see that what Paul and Jesus said has been fulfilled?

16 When we show appreciation for what people do, and we strive to maintain peace with them, we show that we have love. (Mark 9:50) If we continue to show love to others in our speech and actions, we show that we are God's servants.

The HOKWAN you have, don't forget it

17 The increase in numbers, the unity among us, and the love that we have for one another are proofs that Jehovah is doing miracles in our time. Although people are watching us so much, we are increasing in love. The world is divided, but we are one. Although love has diminished in the world, we love God and love one another. This shows that we are true followers of Christ. (John 13:34) It is not that we are standing and just watching what is going on, but we are God's workers who work miracles through our fellow workers. 1 Cor 3:9.

18 This world is full of troubles, but the love among God's people is increasing, unity is among us, and we love one another deeply. This is very wonderful. This miracle that Jehovah is doing gives us great confidence that the things he has said he will do for us in the future will happen in any way. (2 Pet. 3:13) So the opportunity we have that God is using us to do miracles in our time, let us be sure that we will never forget it!

16. What can we do to show that we love each other?

17. What makes you believe that Jehovah is doing miracles in our time?

18. Because of the many miracles that Jehovah is doing, what should we be determined to do?

What do you think?

■ With the miracles that Jehovah is doing to draw people to his church, what can we do to help?

■ How can we help the miracle that Jehovah is doing to maintain unity among his people?

■ How can we help the miracles that Jehovah is doing to keep love in his people?

DWOM 154

True Love

December 21-27, 2026

Song 135

Jehovah's Prayer is: My Son, Be wise

What is the importance of education?

If young people make friends with those who love Jehovah, it will help them to remain faithful to Jehovah.

When there are two, the answer is

One can rule over one, but two can oppose him.

As Jehovah's servants, we know how important it is to strive to be faithful to Jehovah. But this is not easy. Because people in the world are determined to distance us from Jehovah. One way they do this is by sharing their feelings about friendship with us. For example, some people think that what is important is not the number of friends they have, but the number of friends they have. There are others who feel they need no one, so they have no friends. What about Jehovah and Jesus?

2 Jehovah wants us to have friends who will help us to serve him well.When his Son Jesus was on earth, he took such friends. Shortly before his death, Jesus praised his faithful apostles: You are the ones who have stuck with me in my trials. (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) A true friend is not only there for you when things are going well, but in times of trouble he is also there for you. (Proverbs 17:17) Ecclesiastes chapter 4 verses 9-12* teaches us that good friends help and comfort one another. (K) Also, each one encourages another to do good. If you have such good friends and if something is tempting you to do something that Jehovah does not want, they help you

* Although we often talk about marriage, the most important thing is the benefits of friendship.

1. What is the world's opinion about friendship?

2. (a) What kind of people did Jesus take as his friends? (b) According to Ecclesiastes 4:9-12, how do good friends help us?

18

keep standing on Jehovah's side. If you do things together in Jehovah's service with your friends, something you never dreamed you could do, they can help you to do it.

3 If young people make good friends, how will it help them to serve Jehovah faithfully? How can parents and older siblings also help young people to make good friends? Let us consider some events that happened in the life of the prophet Daniel. It will show us how he was able to remain faithful to Jehovah when he faced a very difficult situation.

Lots of people come to serve YEHOWAH

4 At the time of Daniel, things were not going well in his native Judah at all, because the Jews had turned away from the worship of Jehovah and were doing what they wanted. So he also angered them. Finally, about 620 years before Jesus, Jehovah appointed the Babylonian king Nebuchadnezzar to rule Judah. (Dan. 1:2) At that time, Daniel must have been a teenager.

5 What helped Daniel to endure in Babylon? the Bible shows that Daniel was determined in his heart to obey God's law. (Dan. 1:8) When he was a child, someone helped him understand Jehovah's law and helped him decide to serve Jehovah.

6 The example of the prophet Jeremiah must have also encouraged Daniel to serve Jehovah well. Why can we say that? Let us look at this; about 647 years before Jesus, Jehovah chose Jeremiah as his prophet, and he started his ministry before Daniel was born. (Jeremiah 1:2) Many of the people whom Jeremiah preached to were from noble families, some of whom also held high positions in the nation; it is possible that the family of Daniel was also among them. (Jeremiah 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) We cannot be sure that Jeremiah and Daniel were friends. However, when Daniel was a young man, he probably knew much of Jeremiah's prophecy, and even when he grew up, he was still learning. (Jeremiah 25:11; 29:10; Dan 9:1, 2) Jeremiah's courage in doing his work despite the disregard of the worship of Jehovah by the people around him, Daniel must have learned something from it, and it gave him also courage.

7 In fact, Daniel's parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah greatly encouraged him to serve Jehovah well.

8 Parents today can also help their children to become friends with Jehovah.If you are a parent, ask yourself: I have helped my children to know what they will do when their classmates

3. What will we discuss in this article?

4. When Daniel was a young man, what trouble did he face?

5-6. Who may have helped Daniel decide to serve Jehovah?

7-8. How can parents and older siblings help young people to serve Jehovah faithfully?

October 2026 19

saluting the flag, singing national anthems, or receiving political attention? I help them to know what to do when their students force them to do something that is not right? and if they are happy about something that is not right, do I teach them to know that they should be happy quickly? also, do I teach them to be ready that when the great tribulation comes, they should stand on Jehovah's side? When it comes to the ministry, it is best to associate with them. When young people associate with good examples like Jeremiah, it increases their faith in Jehovah and their loyalty to him.

Many people come to us to worship Jehovah when we need to.

9 When Daniel and some Hebrew youths were taken to a foreign country, they had never met the trials they faced there. When they arrived, they were soon forced by the Babylonians to learn their language and culture.

10 On the first test they met, someone might say that this was not a test.The king said that the food they ate should also be eaten by Daniel and the other young men.Some of the foods were foods that the Mosaic Law forbade. (Dan. 1:5, 8) If the young men wanted to, they would be called slaves, so they could not do anything they wanted, and they would be disrespectful to the law of God.

11 Only four of the Hebrew youths whom the king chose to train were faithful to Jehovah. They were Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. These four friends helped each other to resist temptation and remain faithful to Jehovah. They refused the king's food to show that they were Jehovah's servants. Because of what they did, Jehovah also blessed them.

12 If you are a young man or woman, people often force you to do something you do not know? Daniel and his friends helped each other, so they could make good decisions. So you too, those who are determined to be faithful to Jehovah and stay out of the world, are the ones you should make friends with. (1 John 2:15-17) Good friends can help you to be faithful to Jehovah even in small things, and Jehovah will eventually bless you. (Luke 16:10) If you are faithful to Jehovah in small things, in the future when great trials come, it will help you to be faithful.

HAVE A LOT of faith, many people come together to believe in us

13 When we face a big problem or a severe trial, good friends help us to cope.

9. What trouble did Daniel and some Hebrew youth face in Babylon?

10. What was the first test that the Jewish youth faced?

11. How did Daniel and his friends help each other? (See also the pictures above.)

12. What will help young people to resist temptation?

13. What severe trial did Daniel and his friends face?

20th of October

He wanted to know the meaning of the dream. So he called all the magicians, magicians and occultists in Babylon. If the king had not told them the dream and interpreted it, he would not have done so. Instead, he told them to tell him the dream and interpret it again. What kind of person could do this? (Dan. 2:3, 9-11) The king told them that if they could not interpret the dream and interpret it, then Antwi would not be killed by anyone; he would kill them all. If it happened, Daniel and those friends would also die, because they were one of the Babylonian wise men. In all these trials, what did Daniel and his three friends do?

14 Daniel went to the king and asked the magician to give him some time to come and explain the dream to him. Then Daniel reported what had happened to his friends. The Bible says: He told them to pray to the God of heaven and have mercy on them about this secret, so that they would not kill Daniel and his friends with the rest of the Babylonian wise men. (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah also had compassion on them and he listened to their prayer, so he revealed the dream and its interpretation to Daniel. For this reason, Daniel and his friends were blessed, and the king gave them a high position in Babylon to honor them. Dan 2:19, 47-49.

15 There are many lessons in this matter. firstly, if you are facing a trial, you can seek help. never let pride or shame stop you. secondly, do not hesitate to let others pray for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Also, remember that your prayers and what others say for you, Jehovah can answer and make you wonder. Jehovah is the Hearer of prayer, so no matter how difficult and difficult we encounter, he will help us to overcome them. (Ps 65:2; Eph. 3:20) If we serve Jehovah, and when we encounter trials or trials, they can help us to cope. Read Galatians 6:2.

A person who has been sexually abused in every situation

16 If we go through a trial, and it involves us alone, and we ignore it and do not judge anyone, Jehovah is

14. What did Daniel and his friends do to help each other? (See also pictures.)

15. What do we learn from the story of Daniel and his friends? (Galatians 6:2)

16. When Daniel reached old age, what test did he face?

When Daniel faced a serious problem, how did his friends help him to cope? (See paragraph 14)

Do you think it is true that God's friends are lonely? (See paragraph 18)

The best friend who can help us. When Daniel reached the age of about 90 years old, the Medes and Persians fought to take Babylon, which led to King Darius conquering Babylon. Some in the royal court were worried about Daniel's position, so they plotted to kill him. They tricked the king into decreeing that anyone seeking the king's help from any other gods should violate the law. Daniel did not allow the decree to prevent him from continuing to pray to Jehovah, so they put him in the lion's den. But you see, was he really left alone? Dan 6:4-16.

17 Daniel chapter 6 verses 19-23 reveals the miraculous ways in which Jehovah saved Daniel. (Read) When the enemy threw him into the lion's den, Jehovah sent an angel to protect him. The next day when the king went to the lion's den, Daniel said to him: My God has sent an angel to open the lions mouths, . . . because he has seen that I am righteous in his sight. Yes, Jehovah showed that he has great power, and he is the best Friend! (Dan. 6:22) Daniel had great faith in Jehovah, so when his life was in danger, Jehovah also saved him.

18 We too, something can happen that separates us somewhere or separates us from our friends. Perhaps a congregation activity will cause us to move somewhere, or it will be necessary to move to another place. Perhaps we have suffered a disease, or we have been imprisoned because of our faith. In such a situation, it is very important that we remember that, because we are Jehovah's friends, he will never separate us from him. So he promises us that wherever we fight, he will protect us and watch over us. (Ps 139:7-10) Believe in any faith, trust that you have, Jehovah knows you, and he will help you.

Countries that are not part of the RENTETE NEVER

19 As for good friends, it is very important that we strive to have them. Why? Because the Bible tells us that in these last days, they will not be good friends with us. They help us to make good decisions, and

17. According to Daniel 6:19-23, how did the strong friendship between Jehovah and Daniel help Daniel?

18. Why is it important that we become Jehovah's friends, and how can we do so? (See the picture and the box "Jehovah is our Father, our God, and our Friend".)

19. Why is this the time to make good friends? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 OWN-ABAN

They also encourage us. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:11.) The Apostle Peter said, let us love one another deeply because the end of all things is near.1 Peter 4:7, 8.

20 Good friends are gifts from Jehovah, and we need them most at this time. So imitate Daniel and make friends. Those in your congregation who can encourage you and give you guidance like Jeremiah, they are the ones you should make friends with. Your friends should be those who will help you to remain faithful to Jehovah. If you are facing a problem, don't be afraid to let others pray for you. But remember that Jehovah is the best friend; he will never forget you. (Heb. 13:5) Jehovah will help us to cope with the trials we meet, and he will help us to find friends who will never leave us.

20. If we are looking for good friends, what should we watch out for, and if we get one, what will be the benefit?

PHOTOS: Daniel and his friends helped each other to resist temptation, and they remained faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah is our Father, our God, and our Friend

If it is difficult for you to see that Jehovah is a Father you can trust, what can you do?

• Talk to Jehovah: Jehovah wants you to tell him what is in your heart, so pray to him.

• Let Jehovah speak to you: Read the Bible and have a private study.

• Be patient: Remember, if you can trust someone, and become their close friend, it is not a one-day matter. you can have confidence that Jehovah wants to take you as his friend.

For more information on this, see our book Questions Young People Ask - Answers That Will Help Them, Part 2, chapter 35.

How many people have been affected . . .

■ when we are facing trials?

■ when we are facing a big problem?

■ when we are lonely?

Psalm 161

I am happy and it is your wish

December 28, 2026JANUARY 3, 2027

Psalm 162 The words will be food

What is the importance of education?

The reason why it is important that we do daily matters, and the ways we will do it.

In the scriptures you will look daily

They accepted the message, and they examined the Scriptures thoroughly every day. Acts 17:11.

In 1905, the congregation of Jehovah published a book called Heavenly manna for the household of faith every day. It was published in many languages. This book was made with the adventures and articles from Zion's Watch Tower. This gave the brothers a adventure, and an explanation of it to be read daily. Jehovah's people used the same book until 1927 without changing its contents. From then on, they included the subject in the Yearbook.* This helped the brothers to get more adventures and articles from the Watch Tower that explained the adventures.

2 In 1986, the congregation began publishing the textbook to be discussed and explained in a booklet called Looking Daily in the Scriptures. now, we publish this booklet in more than 300 languages. it is also available on the JW Library® app, the Watchtower ONLINE NHOMAKORABEATM (wol.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

3 Because we have no conscience, some of us find it difficult to engage in daily conversation. so let us consider three questions. first, what Bible example can motivate us to engage in daily conversation? secondly, how does it help us to engage in daily conversation? lastly, what suggestions will help us to improve our daily conversation?

* The languages in which the Yearbook was not translated were included in the monthly issue of The Watchtower, where you can find explanations for the yearbook.

1-2. (a) What book did the congregation of Jehovah publish that gave the brothers a scripture they could think about every day? (b) Today, where can we get the scripture?

3. What can make it difficult for us to deal with everyday matters, and what questions will we consider in this article?

24

Biblical Examples

4 The falsehood on which this article is based shows what some Jews in the Macedonian city of Beroea did when the apostle Paul taught them. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Bereans who were listening to the apostle Paul were ready to listen to whatever he said. Therefore, the Bible described them as having good sense and accepting the message with all their minds. What Paul taught them, they compared to what the falsehood contained, and they found it to be true. When we listen to a speech at a class or meeting, that is what we do. That shows that what the speaker is saying is true.

5 Many of the Bereans became believers. (Acts 17:12) However, there was a problem coming up. Some Jews from Thessalonica came to Beroea to speak badly about the apostle Paul, and it caused the people to rise up against the Bereans who had now become Christians. (Acts 17:13) However, that did not scare them at all. Because of the lies they were constantly investigating, they were firmly convinced that they had found the truth.

WHY DO we need to do daily activities?

6 We talk daily to show Jehovah that we love him, and his worship is important to us. Jehovah is our God, so it is very important that we serve him.

Biblical examples that show what some were doing to serve Jehovah daily

• The Mosaic Law required that Jehovah's people offer sacrifices daily.Ex 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the Book of the Law and meditate on it day and night.

• Jehovah told the kings of Israel to observe the Mosaic Law, not to use falsehood, and to meditate on it daily.Deut 17:18-20.

• The psalmist advised us to read God's law and meditate on it day and night.

• Daniel prayed three times a day.

• The book of Revelation says that a great crowd is offering sacred worship to God day and night.

He loves us and wants us to have eternal life. (John 3:16) The wonderful examples found in the Bible show that when we serve Jehovah, he finds comfort in his heart. Many brothers have found that by doing daily prayers before going to work, they get the opportunity to pray, read the Bible and have time to think about it.

7 We talk daily to show that we use our time well (read Ephesians 5:

4. When the apostle Paul preached to the Bereans, what did they do? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did the lies that the Bereans were investigating daily help them?

6. Why do we need to talk every day? (See the table below, Bible Examples showing what some people used to do to serve Jehovah every day.)

7-8. What is another reason why we should talk every day? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

October 2026 25

15, 16.) It is that each day we will take some time to learn about Jehovah, and seek his guidance.

8 When we deal with daily problems, it helps us to cope. Jesus said that each day has its own problems. (Matt. 6:34) His words are true; every day we face many problems. However, where the same problem is, Jesus assures us that Jehovah sees everything we are going through, and he knows what we need. (Matt. 6:25-32) When we deal with daily problems, it allows us to turn our minds away from our problems and focus on the help that Jehovah gives us. (Ps 68:19; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7) We will take the example of a sister who was wronged by Jehovah. He prayed to Jehovah that he would show him that he had forgiven him his sins. Then he went to look at the matter that day, it is the message of Psalm 86:5. It says: O Jehovah, you are good, and you are ready to forgive sins; your unfailing love is abundant for all who call you. He said: At that moment my heart was relieved and I rejoiced that Jehovah comforted me. What happened encouraged me very much; it made me realize that, every day, I must do the matter.

9 The words of the daily message often reminded us that when we face a problem, we should trust in Jehovah. (Prov 3:5, 6) Let us look at what happened in Ukraine. On the day the Russian-Ukrainian conflict began, the message was found in Isaiah 30:15. It says: If you trust in me and your heart is weak, you will get strength. That message comforted the brothers in Ukraine. For example, a brother named Eduard said: Ná everyday is like a breath of fresh air. that day, my wife and I woke up every morning to do the matter, and we prayed. After we prayed, we realized that we had a special strength to deal with the difficulties we were going through. A sister named Svitlana also said: The words of Isaiah 30:15 are exactly what we needed.

10 Our daily conversation helps us to be determined to be loyal to Jehovah. We need courage to be able to speak to our students and those with whom we work. Also, to be able to tell the truths of the Bible to others and be loyal to Jehovah when we face trials, we need courage. When Jehovah appointed Joshua to lead his people Israel, he told him three times to have courage and to be strong. Jehovah also told him to read the book of the Law daily; that was what would help him to have courage. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) If we do daily talk and read the Bible daily, it will give us courage, and our faith will continue to be strong.

11 Daily conversation helps us to grow spiritually. Paul advised young Timothy to strive to grow in speech, behavior, love, faith, and chastity. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) Daily conversation gives us the opportunity to think about how we can grow spiritually.

12 Our daily routine prepares us for any task that will be assigned to us at Jeho-

9. How did the daily news help the brothers in Ukraine?

10. Why do we need courage, and how can we increase our courage? (Joshua 1:6-9) (See also the picture)

11. How does it help us in Jehovah's service?

12. What opportunity is open to brothers who love Jehovah, and what do they do to prepare for that opportunity?

26 OWN-ABAN

Reading the Bible daily gives us courage (See paragraph 10)

We need brothers who can serve as pioneers, missionaries, and those who can go to work at Bethel, construction sites, and translation sites. We need young men who are hardworking and humble to serve as ministerial servants, elders, and circuit overseers. 1:13-15) If you do the daily work, it will help you to know how to apply Bible principles, and it will prepare you for any assignment in the congregation.

The way we live today

13 How can you do it? every Monday to Friday morning, each of the Bethel families around the world meets for a short prayer, at the end of which the daily talk continues. you too, before you do the daily talk, you can pray to Jehovah to help you understand what you are going to read, and to know how to use it. (James 1:5) After you have read the scripture that the daily talk is based on, and its explanation. If I encounter a problem during the day, how will this daily talk help me to cope? If you and your family or friends are doing the daily talk together, you can use the information to encourage each other. (Rom 1:12) What some do is, at the end of the daily talk, summarize it in three or four words, so that the whole day will be remembered.

14 If you are looking for other ways to do the daily matter, consider some of the following. (1) The principles in the daily matter

13. How can you do the daily matter?

14-15. What other ways can you do the daily matter, and what will help you remember?

October 2024 27

If you do the daily talk, what will help you to avoid distractions? (see paragraph 18)

you can start by thanking and thinking about it. (2) Read the commentary that has been added to the article. (3) Where the commentary on the article is based, read all the chapters. (4) What the article is about, add more information about the Study Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses to Study. (5) The Watchtower article that has been removed from the article, you can add a commentary to it. If you are using your phone or tablet to update the article, you will find the link to the article at the end of the regular article.

15 A young sister we call Mackenzie said something that helps her to remember the matter daily. She said: Even if it takes 5 minutes to talk about the time spent on the daily matter, it helps me not to rush. I take time to read the history and explanation that the daily matter is based on, and I think about it; that makes me remember the matter daily.

16 When can you do the daily talk? You can set a time that will help your family.

* The link to the magazine that removed the daily article is as follows: You will see the year and month in which the magazine appeared, and the pages and paragraphs that removed the commentary on the daily article.

16. When can you do the daily matter?

For example, some families do the daily talk while eating breakfast, or before taking their children to school. To help them remember, they place a booklet from the Scriptures that you will examine daily on their doorstep, where they will always see so that they will not forget. But anything can happen, so if it is necessary, you can set a new time to help you.

17 Why should you have a specific time to do the daily thing? because if you don't want to do the specific time to do it, you will only know the day you went to the funeral that you didn't do. John is a 16-year-old brother, he says: I did the preparation, and it has not yet happened. So if you didn't do the daily thing before you did anything else on the day, you should be careful, and the next day you did not do the thing. Sierra is also a 25-year-old sister. He says: I try to do the daily thing first every morning before the day's activities take up my time. A 21 year old brother named Rogelio also said: I listen to the alarm on my phone so that it reminds me to do the daily thing.

17-18. Why should you have a specific time to do the daily matter, and what will help you avoid getting involved? (See also the pictures.)

28th of October

18 The schedule you have made to read the daily text, do the best you can to follow; don't worry about anything. Isabelle is a 19-year-old sister who says: Tell yourself that if you don't finish the daily text, you won't use your phone, or you won't do anything on it. If you watch and use your phone to do the daily text and if it will save you, use some of the printed text. Olivia is a sister who is 19 years old. She says: One of the most helpful things is to have a conversation with someone; it can always be with your family or friends. If there is someone there who will always remind you to do the usual thing, it will not make you forget.

BOOK MERANTE and MAMMA for your daily routine

19 Parents, if you make it a habit that you and your children talk daily, your actions will be there for them, and even when they grow up, they will continue to do so every day. Even if they learn to understand everything, because you do it every day, they will also learn to do it every day. For example, it is like planting a small seed in the ground. If you water it every day, it can grow into a strong tree. Likewise, when children learn a little about Jehovah every day, they grow to be people who have deep faith in Jehovah. Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

19. How does it help the children if parents talk to their children daily? (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20 Jesus said: "It is not by bread alone that a person will live, but also by every word that comes from the mouth of Jehovah" (Matt.

Make sure your faith is firmly rooted

WHEN you studied the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses, what convinced you that you knew the unity of faith, that is, the only way God wants us to worship him? (Eph 4:4-6) We ask, is it because of the love Jehovah's Witnesses have for one another that you attracted them to you? or is it their loyalty and good character?

However, let us assume that a fellow Christian has done something to deceive you or refuses to show love to you, or has committed a serious sin and everyone is talking about it. Perhaps his sin is similar to what happened in the Corinthian congregation in the time of the apostle Paul. What would you do if something like that happened? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you let others do or say things that destroy your faith, it means that the foundation on which your faith is based is not strong. What can you do to prevent something like that?

What will you do to strengthen your faith?

What you have learned from the Bible, if you continue to look for evidence that it is true, it will strengthen your faith.

Once, Jesus told his followers that they should eat his flesh and drink his blood.

Jesus' words stumbled many of them, and they stopped following him. John 6:56-60, 66.

After that, he asked the apostles: Do you also want to go? Peter answered: Lord, to whom should we go? You have the words of eternal life. We have believed, and we have seen that you are the Holy One from God. John 6:67-69.

What Jesus said, why did not Peter and the other apostles stumble? Their faith was based on a solid foundation, not just emotions. Peter said: We believe, and we will see that you are the Holy One from God. These faithful apostles knew what they believed and why they believed. The things Jesus said and the things he was doing were compared to what they knew in the Gospel, and they believed that Jesus was the Messiah. Therefore, when some abandoned Jesus, their faith did not shake.

What can we learn from this? what we know is more important than how we feel. why? because our emotions can change if someone does not treat us well. but the truths we have learned from the Bible, such as God's name, purpose and about the ransom, can never be changed by what someone says or does. so if we really believe what the Bible teaches, and we also believe that Jehovah is directing his people, then we will not let what someone does stumble us from serving Jehovah.

The love and good character shown to us by our brothers and sisters makes us happy.

30th of October

Even if it is not appropriate for us, knowing the truths of the Bible will not cause our faith to shake. This will make us believe that we are in the same faith. Therefore, we will not let anything unfavorable that a few people will do stumble us.

If we have a good schedule to study the Bible daily, the truths we have found in the Bible will strengthen it. That will also help us to know that the only religion that God accepts is that in which we are. This will show that our faith is based on a solid foundation. When that happens, no matter what others say or do, our faith will never shake.

If you allow the actions or words of others to destroy your faith, it means that the foundation on which your faith is based is not strong

Never get off the right path

Let's say you are taking a long road trip to visit a beautiful place. We believe you will start the journey with joy.

While you are on the road, certain things can happen that will hurt or annoy you. Those who are in the car with you, some of them may be loud in your ears. The driver, too, may not be pleased with how he speaks to you or treats you. If something like this happens, it does not mean that it is not the car you should have taken. instead, to get to where you are going, you should stay in the car.

We too, it is like being in a car to travel to God's new world, and we are happy to be in God's congregation. Nevertheless, sometimes a fellow Christian will do something that hurts us deeply. At other times, someone we consider can do a serious wrong to fool us. However, that does not mean that we should not take this car. We are in God's church itself; it is no longer anywhere. The truth we have in the Bible, if we believe deeply and believe that God is leading us through the messengers, it will strengthen our faith, and we will never leave the right path.

He's on the other side of the fence

It says the Kingdom of JEHOVAH is coming

October 2026 Vol. 147, No. 11 TWI

What is in your heart?

1926 Two hundred years ago

The topic to be studied December 7-13 6

Always show appreciation

The topic to be studied December 14-20 12

Thank you for the opportunity that you have that Jehovah is doing miracles through you.

The topic to be studied December 21-27 18

When there are two, the answer is

The topic of study we will study December 28 January 3 24

In the scriptures you will look daily

Make sure your faith is firmly rooted 30

This book is not for sale. We use it to do a worldwide Bible teaching work. People give voluntary donations to support the work. If you want to donate, please go to donate.jw.org.

All the Bible texts in this book are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless we indicate that they are from another source.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

OSUAHU

Jehovah blesses those who have faith

Every week, Emma worked at a hotel for three days. She also went to work for nine hours. When the district meeting reached the time she was supposed to attend, she went to ask for a day from her manager to allow her to attend. Not only did the manager refuse, but he told her that from that day forward, instead of three days, she would work for five days. Then she added that if she did not agree to the new arrangement, she would not let her come out. Emma decided to let her go as she could go to the meeting, and she trusted in Jehovah to take care of her.

After the meeting, when Emma took her letter of resignation, she met with the hotel's chief executive. When the chief heard what had happened, he promised Emma that he would talk to the chief executive personally and get her to continue her work. However, two weeks later, Emma's chief executive told her to remove her. The good news is that instead of working nine hours, he would only work four hours a day. It turned out that this new arrangement was much better than the old one, because it allowed him to do his pioneering work and other activities in Jehovah's service.

Go to the website jw.org in English, or use this icon to scan your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.10-TW