August 2026

THE COUNTRY SAYS the Kingdom of JEHOVAH

NOTE: October 5 November 1, 2026

October 5-11, 2026

Song 55 Don't be afraid of them!

What is the importance of education?

Don't let Satan deceive you that you cannot trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

2

Resist Satan's deception Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

Oppose the devil, and he will flee from you. YAK 4:7.

WHEN we decide to serve only Jehovah, Satan and his demons are very much against us. But Satan knows that, if we stay close to Jehovah, he can never defeat us. So he has threatened to destroy us to stop us from serving Jehovah. One way he does this is by wanting us to forget about Jehovah and his Son Jesus.2 Cor. 11:14; Jas. 1:6.

2 If soldiers can win a war, they must have faith in their opponents and obey their instructions. If they do not have faith in them, they may do what they want. That too can cost them their lives. We too, we are like soldiers standing in battle. But we, we are fighting against evil spirits. (Eph 6:12) Satan the Devil knows that, if we have faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ, we may not rely on them, so we will reject their guidance. He does everything he can to weaken the faith we have in them. In the past, Satan tried to make it easy for some to have faith in Jehovah and Jesus. today he is doing the same. in this article, we will discuss how he does that. then we will look at what we can do to avoid Satan's devices. in the next article, we will look at ways

1. How does Satan use to make us stop serving Jehovah?

2. Why is it important that we continue to have faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

two others that Satan uses to make us stop serving Jehovah.*

SATAN has accused JEHOVAH and JESUS

3 Shortly after Jehovah created Adam and Eve, Satan set his eyes on them to turn them away from Jehovah.Satan deceived Eve into believing that his word had nothing to do with Jehovah who created him.Satan asked Eve: Is it true that God said that you should not eat from any tree in the garden? (Gen. 3:1-5) Satan made Eve think that Jehovah was holding her and her husband back from many good things.

4 Since the time of Adam and Eve, Satan has continued to lie about Jehovah. For example, Satan incited Job's greedy friends to lie about Jehovah. This made Job think that he did not love Jehovah and that he did not serve Jehovah wholeheartedly. (Job 22:1-3) It was the Devil who wanted to make Job see the suffering that he had experienced when he stopped serving Jehovah.

* Of course, some of the problems we face are not all caused by Satan. However, the spirit of the world that drives people to oppose Jehovah's servants, he is behind it. So if we are facing a problem, or if we are being ignored because we serve Jehovah, we can say that we are opposing Satan.1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

3. What did Satan do to destroy Eve's faith in Jehovah?

4. What lies did Satan want Job to believe?

5 When Jesus came to earth, Satan tried to prevent people from following Jesus.One way he did this was by causing religious leaders and others who hated Jesus to lie about him.In the end, they let him die as a criminal. Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After the death of Jesus, Satan spread his message to the followers of Jesus. First, the Devil did not want people to believe that Jesus had risen from the dead. So Satan persuaded people to lie and say that it was Jesus' disciples who would steal his body. (Matthew 28:11-15) After that, Satan made enemies focus their eyes on the members of the congregation so that Satan would scare them so much.

7 Although some of the early Christians were afraid to stop preaching the gospel, most of them had indeed come and continued to preach the gospel.The disciples realized that all hatred, Satan and his demons, were behind them. (Acts 4:18-20; 1 Peter 5:8) And today? What deception does Satan use to discourage us from serving Jehovah?

SATAN is trying to destroy the testimony of JEHOVAH and JESUS

8 Today, one of the main ways that Satan deceives people is by hiding the truth

5. How did Satan prevent people from following Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. How did Satan target the disciples of Jesus?

8. How does Satan use lies to tell lies about Jehovah and Jesus?

August 2026

3

Satan's world uses many useless things to trick us into thinking that it is useless to live by God's laws

(See paragraph 11)

concerning Jehovah and Jesus. The devil is a liar, and he uses lies to deceive Jehovah and Jesus. (John 8:44) For example, Satan has blinded the minds of people so that they cannot see the difference between Jehovah and Jesus. (2 Cor 4:3, 4) Some clergy of Christendom teach that the Father and the Son are alike.

9 When we want to be friends with someone, the first thing we often do is ask their name. Jehovah wants people to be friends with him, but Satan does not want them to know his name or be friends with him. Therefore, since ancient times, Satan has tried to destroy God's name by using lies. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) The name of God, which the Bible says is a fortress, has caused Satan to be removed from many translations of the Bible. (Prov 18:10) One of the lies that the Devil is also telling is that the lies that people are seeing in the whole world is God.

9. How does Satan use false religion to prevent people from knowing Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

4 OWN-ABAN

Because of this, it has made it difficult for many people to draw close to God and become his friends. (James 4:8) Even among Jehovah's servants today, Satan wants to destroy their faith.

10 When we are facing a trial or a problem, Satan wants us to think that Jehovah does not care for us. Satan only wants us to continue to suffer and become angry with Jehovah. (Prov. 19:3) If someone is angry with Jehovah, he may say: If my issue does not concern Jehovah, then what is the benefit of following his laws or principles? If we have this thought, then we are falling into Satan's trap.

11 Satan has used media to try to make us think that, if we obey Jehovah's laws, we will be arrested. When people continue to gather in media, some of the things they say is that the Bible is outdated, and we should not let anyone tell us what to do. In fact, the ruler of the world has made it very difficult for people to distinguish between right and wrong. John 14:30; Isaiah 5:20; 1 Tim 4:1, 2.

12 If we listen to lies like this, it can destroy our relationship with Jehovah.A sister we will call Shannon says: It took a while before I realized that the things I was learning at school, and the people I was with, were gradually destroying my mind.Then I started to accept things that Jehovah hates. In the meantime, my eyes turned on myself, and I was starting to distance myself from Jehovah, my family, and my Christian brothers and sisters.The good news is, Shannon broke away from Satan's traps and returned to her heavenly Father.What helped her?

13 Shannon realized that she needed a lot of effort to stay close to Jehovah and Jesus. she says: I prayed to Jehovah to help me find good friends, and I also did research in the publications of the congregation. the video called Young People Ask How Can I Make Real Friends? helped me a lot.* The sister about whom the video talks, I was facing the same problems. what helped her was that she asked for help from her parents, so I did the same. my parents, elders, and the experienced sisters in the congregation helped me. So I was able to change my behavior and start making good friends. I realized that being in the truth does not mean just going to school and doing what will please my parents.

KNOW THAT JEHOVAH and JESUS love you

14 If we want to stay close to Jehovah, we must make good friends (James 4:4).

10. What can make a Christian angry with Jehovah?

11. What is Satan doing to make us think that Jehovah's laws restrict us? (See also the picture.)

12. Why should we not listen to Satan's lies?

* If you want more information that will help young people, go to jw.org, and see the section entitled, Friendship with God. It is available on the Boys and Girls section. on the JW Library® app, also see the section entitled Questions Young People Ask, and see the section entitled, Friendship with God.

13. What do you learn from Shannon?

14. What can we do to prevent Satan from weakening our faith? (See also the picture.)

August 2026 5

CURSO BIBLICO GRATUITO

The things that will help us stay close to Jehovah, if we meditate on them, we can fight against Satan's lies (See paragraph 14)

Likewise, we should not believe everything we hear or read. For example, sometimes we can hear or read something that is not true at all. At other times, we may be surrounded by a small amount of truth. If we are not careful about such things, it can lead us to believe lies. But if we take the time to study the Bible and the Christian publications, and make friends with qualified brothers and sisters, it is difficult for lies that spread such lies to deceive us. If we know what the Bible really teaches, it will be difficult for Satan to deceive us or weaken our faith. (Prov 13:20; Acts 17:11)

15 If we take the time to study the Bible, we will see that Jehovah and Jesus love us, and that will strengthen our faith. (Prov. 22:19) Meditating on the Bible accounts that show how Jehovah and Jesus care for people will help us to see that Jehovah and Jesus will never let us down.

15. What will help us to have a strong belief that Jehovah and Jesus will never let us down?

6 OWN-ABAN

when he comes, he treats it as a treasure in his heart. (Mal 3:16, 17, footnote) Jesus too, the Bible shows that he gave his life for us because of the great love he has for us. John 15:12, 13.

16 When we meditate on what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us, we will become more convinced that they love us. You may have faced a difficult situation at one time. If you remember in your mind how Jehovah has welcomed you, you will have more confidence that he will never turn back to tell you. In addition, we can ask our brothers and sisters to tell us about how Jehovah has helped them. (Prov. 22:17) If we do this, we will be sure that even if we start crying, Jehovah and Jesus will never leave us.Read Psalm 118:5, 6.

17 We all want to stay close to Jehovah God and Jesus Christ

16. How will it help us if we reflect on what Jehovah has done for us, or listen to what he has done for others? (Psalm 118:5, 6)

17. If we continue to stick to Jehovah and Jesus, what assurance does Jesus give us at John 10:29?

However, before Jehovah removes Satan and the demons of his followers, we must continue to fight them because the oppressor does not come, you should not stand and give your rest. (Rev. 20:1-3, 10) If we fight the Devil and his devices fail us, we must work hard to strengthen our friendship with Jehovah.

18 There are also two other ways that Satan uses to make us turn away from serving Jehovah. First, he wants to divide us with our fellow Christians. Secondly, he puts others in a corner to focus their eyes on us to hate us fiercely.In the next article, we will see what will help us to fight against these two Satanic devices too.

18. What will we discuss in the next article?

What do you think?

■ What lies did Satan tell about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ What lies does Satan tell about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ What makes you strongly believe that you love Jehovah and Jesus?

Song 150 Seek God and Live

October 12-18, 2026

DWOM 129 We will stand firm

What is the importance of education?

We must always remember that we must fight against the evil spirits, not our fellow Christians. Also, if people oppose us, we should not be discouraged and stop preaching.

You can win!

We are not fighting against blood and flesh, but against . . . the evil spirits in heaven. Ephesians 6:12.

WHEREAS, as Jehovah's servants, we do not fight or go to war. (Isaiah 2:4; John 18:36) However, the Bible shows us that when there is a war, it is not possible to avoid it; that is the evil spirits we must fight against (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) But these enemies are stronger than us.

2 In the first article, we saw what the Devil is doing to destroy our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will also consider two ways. First, he wants to destroy the peace and unity between us and our fellow Christians.

Satan wants to destroy our brothers and sisters

3 Satan wants to divide us with our fellow Christians. His goal is to make us fight each other, and show himself. how does he do it? the people in the world, he wants us to imitate their behavior. because, many people in this world are cruel,

1. Who should each of us fight against? (Ephesians 6:11, 12)

2. What will we discuss in this article?

3. How does Satan want to divide us?

8

Jonathan was not like his father Saul who did not trust in Jehovah, and he was angry with David.

(See paragraphs 4, 6)

they lack love. They also do not trust each other. Satan wants us to be like them; he wants us to speak against our brothers and the congregation of Jehovah, and we hate each other.Rom 16:17.

4 Let us take an example. at first King Saul liked David very much, because David was a hero who knew how to fight well. (1 Sam. 18:5) But at some point, Saul turned his eyes on him. what happened to him? when Saul saw that the people were crying out for David, he became jealous of him. so he threw David into a pit and tried to remove him from it. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) If Saul had killed David, then Satan would be very happy. so why are we saying that? When Saul was on the throne because of jealousy to kill David, look how happy Satan must have been.

5 Satan knows that because of our unity, Jehovah helps us and blesses us. (Ps 133:1) Satan wants to destroy our unity, so he wants us to be jealous, and we should hate our brothers as Saul hated David. Satan knows that, if we hate our brothers, it will be very difficult to love them. (Mark 12:30, 31) If we do this, do you believe that our worship will please Jehovah?The disciple James spoke strongly against such jealousy.Read James 3:14-16.

6 If we love each other deeply, it will not let pride and greed take root

4. Why did King Saul turn his eyes on David? (See also the picture.)

5. Why does the devil want us to be jealous and jealous of our brothers? (James 3:14-16)

6. What do you learn from the example of Jonathan? (See also pictures.)

August 2026 9

in our hearts. as for you, let us look at a beautiful example that was set by Saul's son Jonathan who was not like his father Saul who was proud of David. Jonathan had a strong belief that everything that Jehovah had said about David would happen, so he trusted David and trusted that he would be the king over Israel. Jonathan was humble, so he accepted that David was chosen by Jehovah to be the next king of Israel, so he followed him. 1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

7 Our brothers and sisters in the congregation are different from each other, from family background, and upbringing, and Satan wants to use this to destroy the unity in us. What will we do to make what you set out to do unnecessary? Any disagreement that arises between us and our brothers and sisters, we must try to resolve it quickly. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Try to make your love for your brothers and sisters stronger, and have a positive view of each other.

8 If your Christian brother says or does something to hurt you, remember that you also have a problem with yourself. Since we go out with our brothers in the ministry, and we do other things with them, it is not always possible for someone to step on another's feet. (Eccl. 7:20) When that happens, the Bible's advice to continue to have patience with our brothers and sisters, we must use it to work. Also, if someone does something to hurt you, don't force you, forgive them quickly. (Col. 3:12-14) Joshua and Jesus want us to love our brothers and sisters and to live with them in a beautiful way.John 17:20, 21.

Satan's power to destroy us

9 Another way that Satan uses to discourage us is to make people hate us.The apostle Paul said that all true Christians will be hated by people. (2 Tim. 3:12) When people hate us, it hurts. When that happens, we may spend a lot of our time seeking justice, or we will want the law to deal with such people.

10 Let us consider what Abraham's son Isaac did. Isaac became rich, and the Philistines loved him. For this reason, the wells that his father Abraham's servants dug, the Philistines filled with water. (Gen. 26:12-18) However, Isaac needed water for his family and his livestock. So Isaac left to dig some of the wells elsewhere. There, too, the Philistines claimed the wells as theirs. They did not share it with Isaac, so it could have been very bad. 26:19-25) We too, if people treat us badly, we can imitate Isaac and show mildness and patience.

7. What can we do to prevent Satan from destroying our unity? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. If a fellow Christian speaks or does something to hurt us, what should we do?

9. What other way does Satan use to disappoint us?

10. When the Philistines did not do well with Isaac, what did he do?

10 OWN-ABAN

#WE WANT CHANGE

STOP

CHANO

SERVE THE PEOPLE

Try not to stand against any government, and support the Kingdom of God

(See paragraph 13)

11 When Jesus, the promised Messiah, came to earth, he too was not well received by the people. For example, some relatives of Jesus said that he had thought about it. (Mark 3:21) Every day the religious leaders insisted that he should not have the right to teach, and they even said that his power to do work came from evil spirits. (Luke 11:15, 16) One of the apostles also betrayed him. (Matthew 26:14-16) The chief priests, the rulers, turned their heads to answer Jesus' death sentence. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) Jesus did not know any of these things in the worship of Jehovah. While they were arresting Jesus to kill him, the apostle Peter tried to cut him off. So Peter cut off the high priest's servant's ear. However, Jesus was not happy with what Peter did, and he restrained the servant's ear for him. (Luke 22:50, 51) Despite all these difficulties that Jesus faced, he never turned his attention away from the work that Jehovah had entrusted to him.

12 Today, we also face trials that can discourage us.Satan wants to stop us from the preaching work.Our relatives who are not in the congregation, or others may oppose us or even hate us.But Jesus told us that even those who hate us, we should love them. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) This means that if people hate us or oppose the preaching work, we should not pay them back.

11. When people hated Jesus, what did he do?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, what should we do if people oppose or hate us?

August 2026 11

If we maintain love and unity among our fellow Christians, we can defeat evil spirits (See paragraph 16)

13 Even if a law is imposed by the government, or makes it difficult for us to serve Jehovah the way we want, we must continue to show respect to them. Why? Because that is what the Bible tells us to do. (Rom. 13:1, 2) It is not every law imposed by the government that is against us that Satan may support. 8:2, 3) If we oppose the government and do not trust in God's Kingdom, we are falling into Satan's trap.

14 Some who once opposed us are now Jehovah's Witnesses who take their religion seriously. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So if people insult us, hate us, and lie about us, let us remember that in the future they may change to serve Jehovah. (Matt. 5:11) Let us pray that the authorities will allow us to serve Jehovah peacefully. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Pray for your relatives, coworkers, and schoolmates who oppose you too. Pray for Jehovah to help you and what you can do to help them to have a better mind. A woman who opposed her husband for many years but later became one of Jehovah's Witnesses said: "You must have a lot of patience, because patience is very helpful.

13. even if the government opposes us, why should we continue to show respect to them? (see also the picture)

14. When people rise up against Jehovah's servants, what should we remember?

12 OWN-ABAN

15 If we think that we will rely on ourselves to fix the unfairness that is prevalent in the world, we may waste a lot of our time and energy. (Eccl. 1:15) In this way Jehovah knows all that we are going through, and soon his Kingdom will remove all the problems that Satan and his associates have caused. (Job 37:18; 1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) But before that time comes, we must have patience and show that we love our neighbors.

YEBETUMI ADI NKONIM!

16 The Bible assures us that we can defeat the demonic forces (James 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) What will help us? the Bible says that we must have strong faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (Eph 6:16) So continue to strengthen your faith, and it will move you to continue to love your brothers and to continue to be one with them.

17 Satan will continue to use many ways to divide or discourage us from our brothers and sisters, but we should never let him. Jehovah and Jesus have promised that if we continue to stick together, they will not turn away from us. We and all of our brothers and sisters are fighting against our enemy the Devil. As for those who oppose us, we must do everything we can to follow Jesus' advice and treat them well. (Luke 6:27, 28) So keep fighting Satan, and be confident that you can defeat the evil spirits with him.

15. Why should we not think that we can fix the injustice that is prevalent in the world?

16. What will help us to defeat the evil spirits? (See also pictures.)

17. What should we be determined to do?

What do you think?

■ How does Satan use to destroy the peace and unity among our fellow Christians?

■ How does Satan use to discourage us from doing the Kingdom work?

■ What makes you believe you can defeat Satan and the demons?

DWOM 149

Song of victory

October 19-25, 2026

Song 106 Let us have love

What is the importance of education?

We will learn from the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus, and it will help us to know how to keep peace in the congregation.

'I beg you with love'

I beg you with love. FILEM. 9.

ASOMDWOE among Jehovah's servants is very precious to us. This peace shows us how pleasant life will be in Paradise. (Isaiah 32:17, 18) Although Jehovah gives us this peace, it is our duty to make sure that nothing destroys that peace. (Romans 12:18) How should we treat our brothers and sisters to help maintain peace in the congregation?

PAUL addressed him

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. Paul wrote a letter to Philemon encouraging him to return to his slave Onesimus. Paul told Philemon that he was making this request because he knew he loved Christ and the brothers. You may remember this. Philemon was a brother in the Colossian congregation; everyone knew him as a strong believer, and he loved the brothers very much. He had a slave named Onesimus who would not be a Christian. Onesimus fled from Philemon to Rome, and when he went to Rome he greeted him. (Philem. 18) When Onesimus was in Rome, he became a friend of Paul, and later became a Christian (Col. 4:9) But because of the laws of the Roman government, Onesimus had to return to his master Philemon, so Paul let him go again.

3 Paul must have wondered what Philemon would do if Onesimus returned?

1. What rights do we each have?

2. Summarize the case of Philemon and Onesimus (Filemon 8, 9, 17)

3. While Paul was returning to Onesimus, what matters might Paul have been thinking about? (See also the picture above.)

14

Onesimus would take the law with him? what would the members of the congregation do? what would the other brothers who have slaves and slaves themselves do, and what would they think? Paul knew that this matter could destroy the peace of the congregation. so he wrote to Tychicus and Onesimus to send it to Philemon. (Eph 6:21, 22; Col 4:7-9) He also wrote one to send it to the brothers in the Colossian congregation. in this article, we can think about the letters that Paul wrote to Philemon and the Colossian congregation and see what we can learn from Paul, Onesimus and Philemon.

What I learned from Paul

4 What can we learn from Paul? How Paul treated others helped to maintain peace in the congregation. We too can imitate Paul and help to maintain peace in the congregation.

5 Paul regarded Philemon as his friend. (Phil. 17) Paul did not think that everything Philemon would say should be listened to as if he were his slave. (2 Cor. 1:24) Paul regarded Philemon as his fellow worker, and reminded him of the friendship between them. What Paul did, it would help Philemon greatly to understand how he should deal with Onesimus, who would become his Christian brother. We can all imitate Paul, especially the elders. 5:1-3) Rather, the sheep of God are in their hearts, so they take time for them, listen to them, and do not shake their heads when someone needs help. If the elders imitate Paul, and make others feel like their friends, it will be a good example for the brothers and help to maintain peace in the congregation.

4-5. How can elders help to maintain peace in the congregation?

6 Paul commended Philemon. (Filem. 4, 5, 7) Everyone needs praise. Why? One thing is that there are many of us who feel we are worthless. Maybe we don't like how we look physically. Sometimes we can't see that people want us or don't want us. Or maybe we feel that we are missing an opportunity that is in our heart. We feel that it is not surprising. But it can relieve us of stress, or even anger. Moreover, it can make us strong, or it can destroy competition with others. All these are things that can make peace between us and others. Therefore, if we often praise others, it will make them happy. (Prov 12:25) This will make them know that we love them and value them. Do you want to make others feel that way? then whenever you get the opportunity, use your heart to praise others. It is not just that someone can do something that should be praised, but if we see that they are trying to do something, we should praise them.

7 Paul spoke well of Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) Paul's good news about Onesimus, it is clear that it would make Philemon and Onesimus well known. We too, the things we say about our fellow Christians can show how others will treat them, or how they will treat them.

6. Why is praise important?

7. Why should we be careful about what we say about others? (Filemon 10-12)

August 2026 15

Have a positive view of your siblings and speak well of them as Paul did (See paragraph 8)

to be good about them, we need to have a good view of them. what will help us to do that? let us look at something Paul used to do.

8 Paul often thanked Jehovah for the good qualities of Philemon. (Philem. 4, 5) He also did this for many others. (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Paul knew that there were mistakes in his brothers, but that is not what he looked for. he focused on their good qualities, and he always thanked Jehovah for giving him such friends.

9 What Paul was going through was painful, but the false messages he sent to Philemon were encouraging. Have you ever asked or talked to someone because of stress or tiredness? When we are growing up, it is very easy to use our anger to fight against others. So let us see what Paul was going through when he wrote a letter to Philemon. A few years later, some Jews attacked him and killed him, and some soldiers arrested him without investigating his case. He was imprisoned in Jerusalem and later sent to Caesarea. After that, he was taken to Rome, but while they were leaving, the ship he was on board sank. While Paul was writing a letter to Philemon, he was sleeping in bed, because the Roman government had forced Paul to stay in his own home in Rome. (Filem. 1) What Paul did, did it make him open his mouth to Philemon? No. Paul's letter to Philemon, the message of which was encouraging, was calm. What do we learn from it? Also, if we have peace between us, it will help us to be able to cope with the problems we are facing.

What is the best way to learn about obesity?

10 Sometimes we all do something or say something to hurt others. If something like that happens, what Onesimus did can help us

8. What can help us to have a positive view of our brothers and sisters, and to speak well of them? (See also the pictures.)

9. Why was Paul's encouraging message to Philemon surprising?

10. What did Onesimus do to reconcile with Philemon?

16 OWN-ABAN

Let us reconcile with others. what he did, if you look at it, you will say that it was not difficult, his actions were often light. he admitted his mistake, and he did what he could to reconcile with Philemon. Onesimus was well aware that under Roman law, he had to go back to his master. so he travelled a long distance of about 1,400 kilometers (900 miles) to return to Philemon; this makes eight of them a small matter. he had to be prepared that, if he went back to be a slave, he would not be able to recover what he had done. it could be difficult for him to make a decision to go back. and if he got the idea that he deserved to escape, he also had to do it? Even if he had such an opinion, he did not allow him to return to his master.When he left, he also did everything he could to reconcile with Philemon, because now Onesimus had also become a Christian.

11 If you have done something to offend someone, take steps and reconcile with them. (Matthew 5:23-25) Although it can be difficult to take such steps, if you do it, you will see that it is very useful. First apologize to the recipient from your heart. then listen to him, and let him know that you understand the pain he is experiencing. Accept your mistakes. Also, do not accuse yourself or make mistakes. If you accuse yourself or accuse someone of the mistakes, it can mean that your apology is not resolved. In addition, it may not make the matter worse or it can ruin the matter altogether. It takes humility to be able to apologize, and often, it makes peace come quickly. Rom 14:19.

What we learn from the life of Philemon

12 If someone offends us, what Philemon did helps us to see how we can keep our relationship with the other person. Do you think Philemon forgave Onesimus and welcomed him? the Bible does not say. but Paul had reason to believe Philemon would do so. (Philem. 17, 21) Paul knew that Philemon had a kindness that would make it easier for him to forgive Onesimus. What kind of kindness is it?

13 Philemon loved his brothers. (Filem. 5) Philemon deserves the name because his name

11.If we have done something to offend someone, what can we do to repair our relationship with them? (See also the picture.)

12. Why was Paul confident that Philemon would forgive Onesimus?

13. Why is love so important? (Colossians 3:14)

Follow the example of Onesimus; do not hesitate to be humble and reconcile with your wronged brother (See paragraph 11)

Follow the example of Philemon; show kindness and help to maintain peace and unity in the congregation (See paragraph 15)

show love.All members of the congregation knew that Philemon's love was fruitful; love like that would also help him forgive Onesimus.In fact, in Paul's letter to the Colossian congregation that included Philemon, he said that love is a binding bond that brings unity. (Read Colossians 3:14.) This means that the most important quality that will bring peace and unity is love.If we love others, we will have time to forgive their sins and treat them well. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) So let us look at what made it possible for Philemon to love others.

14 Philemon wanted hospitality, so it was not difficult for him to love others.He gave his house to have a congregation meeting there. (Filem. 2) Paul also shows that Philemon wanted hospitality, because he told him to prepare a place for his children to live. (Filem. 22) It is clear that Philemon's hospitality brought joy and peace to others.

15 If we follow the example of Philemon, how will it help to strengthen our love for others? When we show kindness to our brothers and sisters, it makes us know them better. Those who are not close to their parents and those who are different from them, even when we associate with them, it makes us know that they have beautiful character. This helps us to be happy in the congregation of Jehovah. When we know their background, what they went through before they came to the truth, the trials they met and how they met, it makes us appreciate their love and respect. It makes us know why Jehovah has drawn them to his servants. 6:44) So when we show kindness, it makes us love our brothers and sisters deeply, and we have a good opinion of them.

16 As we speak, is it difficult for you to forgive someone? Even if we love our brothers and sisters, sometimes it is not easy to forgive them for their mistakes. What can help us? Let us look at Paul's letter to the Colossian congregation that included Philemon. The message is found at Colossians 3:13. (Read) When they read that letter to the congregation at Philemon's home and heard it, how do you think he would feel?

14. Why can we say that Philemon wanted beauty?

15. When we show kindness to others, how does it help to increase our love for them? (See also picture)

16. How might Philemon have applied Paul's counsel at Colossians 3:13?

18 OWN-ABAN

He was still angry with Onesimus. If so, then he would know what to do: He must continue to have patience with Onesimus and forgive him completely. If it is difficult for us to forgive others, how can Paul's advice help us?

17 When Paul said to continue to be patient with others, what did he mean? he was encouraging us to treat them well, even if our brothers offend us or even anger us. in the same verse, Paul emphasized that because of Jehovah's love for us, he forgives our sins. Jehovah understands us, so he does not tell us to do something we cannot do. He knows that we are wrong, but he does not focus on it, but he keeps his eyes on it. (Ps 103:13, 14; 130:3) That is why he continues to show us his love and mercy. 3:22, 23) Like Jehovah sees our fellow Christians, if we see them in the same way, it will be easy for us to take forms to be patient with one another, because we too, if we make mistakes and others punish us with stones that make us happy. For example, if we have a plant and we know that it produces beautiful flowers, it will encourage us to pour water for love. Our brothers and sisters, too, if we remember that they have good qualities, it will encourage us and even if they do wrong to us, we will forgive them and treat them well.

18 Anything you do to help maintain peace in the congregation is appreciated by Jehovah. So always look for the opportunity to do so. Keep talking well to others, and speak well to each other. Be kind. If you choose someone who works hard and reconciles with you. Also, strengthen your love for the brothers and sisters. If you are wronged, it will be easy for you to forgive them. If you do these things, it will help to maintain peace in the congregation.

18. What are you determined to do?

17. What does the Bible mean when it says that we should not continue to mock others?

Above the picture: Philemon is reading the letter Paul sent to him while Onesimus and Tychicus are there with others.

What is your family . . .

The apostle Paul?

Onesimo?

Where is Philemon?

SONG 154 True Love

October 26 November 1, 2026

The privilege you have to serve Jehovah, make it valuable to you

SONG 62 The New Song

You have left salvation near for us, so that we will have the opportunity to worship without fear. LUKA 1:69, 74.

What is the importance of education?

It will help us to see that the salvation that Jehovah will give us, we must appreciate it more deeply, and see it as an opportunity, but a duty is attached to it.

ZACARIA was old, and his wife Elizabeth was old, but they had no children. Jehovah miraculously allowed them to have a child, and they named him John. When the local people and his relatives heard about it, they asked: What will this little child be like? (Luke 1:57-66) Jehovah answered that question through Zechariah. Zechariah explained that the long awaited Messiah would soon come. Therefore, he would help people to change their minds, and if the Messiah had come, they would follow John. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But Zechariah did not just talk about what John would do.* This article will show us that Zechariah's words were prophetic, and we who are here today are also affected by them.

A book that JEHOVAH gives us

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God had promised his people that he would save them.

* See the story of the prophecy of Zechariah in the video His Name Is John . It is in the first part of the Gospel What Happened in the Life of Jesus video.

1. What did the words of Zechariah mean? 2. (a) As Luke 1:67-73 shows, what gift did Jehovah promise to give to his people? (b) Who is the powerful saviour mentioned in Luke 1:69?

20

The Jews in Zechariah's day were waiting for the promised Messiah. Also, they knew that he would be a descendant of Abraham from the line of King David. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) So, why did Jehovah give Zechariah another name for the coming Messiah? Because the Messiah was coming soon. She had given birth to a six-month-old virgin named Mary Jesus who would be the Messiah. He was the one whom the angel Gabriel said would be called the Son of God, and he would sit on the throne of his father David (Luke 1:30-35) When Jesus was 30 years old when he was baptized, Jehovah anointed him with holy spirit as the promised Messiah.

3 Why did the Jews need salvation? Zechariah said that they should be saved from their enemies and all those who hated them. (Luke 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus would deliver the Jews from the Romans who were oppressing them? No. Rather, they needed to deliver the Jews from Satan. Because of the pressure they were facing, he and his companions were slaves. (Heb 2:14, 15) Because of the same Satan, the Jews and all mankind were slaves to sin and death.

3. Why did the Jews need salvation?

Therefore, through Zechariah, Jehovah promised that he would forgive them their sins and save them.

4 Why do we also need salvation? because we too have been enslaved to sin and death like the Jews. (Romans 5:12) Also, the pressure we are facing is caused by Satan and the demons. They want to deceive us to break Jehovah's laws and turn away from Jehovah. They do not stop there; they also force those who hate us to rebel against our worship. All these things, we also need salvation.

5 Let us first look at how Jesus saves us from sin. When Jesus was on earth, he showed his followers the right way to serve Jehovah that would please him. He finally gave his life as a ransom so that everyone who believes in him might not perish, but have eternal life. (John 3:16; Matt 20:28) The way Jesus taught his followers to serve Jehovah, that is the same way we also try to use. But sin is still with us, so if we pray to Jehovah, we ask him to forgive us. Because of the ransom, Jehovah forgives us and accepts our worship. 2:1, 2) This is how Jesus redeems us from sin and gives us the hope of living forever.

6 Jesus will free us from the slaves of sin and death, Satan and his demons, and those who hate us.

4. Why do we also need salvation?

5. How does Jesus deliver us from evil?

6. What will the King Jesus do for us soon? (See also the picture.)

August 2026 21

The salvation that Jehovah will give us through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

He is the King of God's Kingdom, and he is seated on the throne of his father David. (Luke 1:32, 33) Soon, he and the 144,000 who will reign with him, and the heavenly hosts of angels will wipe out all those who oppose God from the earth at Armageddon. 15:26, 55-57) After that, Satan, his demons, and anyone who will join Satan in the final test, Jesus and the 144,000 will be completely destroyed. (Rev. 20:7-10) In the end, people who are faithful to Jehovah can be saved from sin and death, and no one will punish them. One of the greatest gifts God has given us is the ransom of Christ through whom Jehovah will redeem us.

HOKWAN A YANYA SERVING JEHOVAH

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. The ransom that Jehovah has given us gives us a unique opportunity.Zechariah said it gives us the opportunity to serve Jehovah without fear.What are these things we do to show that we are serving Jehovah? such as preaching the gospel, praying, studying the Bible, attending meetings, circuits and conventions.There are other things we do to show that we are serving Jehovah. such as going to work at Bethel, or helping to build Kingdom Halls and Assembly Halls.

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what opportunity has Jehovah given his people?

22 OWN-ABAN

8 When the Bible says that we should not fear Jehovah, what does it mean? First of all, we should not fear death. Since we have the hope of living forever, we do not lose our love for the things of the world. Rather, what is most important to us is to live to please Jehovah. When those who hate us use death to hide - even we fear it. We continue to be faithful to Jehovah with courage, because we know that even if we die, Jesus will bring us back to life. (John 6:39, 40) Secondly, why we should not, because we fear that sinners will reject us from Jehovah. We know that Jehovah loves us and accepts us, and we are also comforted that because of Jesus' sacrifice he forgives our sins.1 John 4:9, 10.

9 Some brothers and sisters find it difficult to believe that Jehovah appreciates their service to him. Perhaps because of some hardship they have faced, or a problem they have faced, they feel that Jehovah cannot love them.

10 Let us give an example. If a person has a broken leg and the doctor recommends it to him, the doctor may show him some things to do so that he can regain strength in his legs and be able to walk again. But if the person with a broken leg fears he will not be able to walk again, what should he do? he must gain the confidence of the doctor, and continue to do what the doctor has told him.

11 So, too, if you have committed a sin that causes you to grieve so much, trust in Jehovah. Remember that Jehovah loves you so much. That is why he allowed his Son to die for you, and because of his grace and mercy, he forgives your sins. (John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Jehovah tells you what you need to do to repent - and get back on your feet. But you must have the confidence that you can get back on your feet. So what you do to get closer to Jehovah, keep doing. (Phillip. 3:16) Also, be grateful for how Jehovah strengthens you to serve him faithfully every day. We can all thank Christ, and we can also thank Jehovah very much for giving us the opportunity to serve him without fear!

What we need to do to be successful

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. While Zechariah was still speaking, he told his son to pray before Jehovah and hide his ways.How did John the Baptist fulfill this statement? As he grew older, he preached the gospel with zeal and zeal.He told the Jews to repent, and be baptized, and not believe in the coming Messiah.

8. What should we not fear?

9. What is difficult for some brothers to believe?

10-11. If we feel that we have committed a sin that causes us to grieve excessively, what can we do?

12. What did John the Baptist do to prepare Jehovah's ways? (Luke 1:76-79)

August 2026 23

The salvation that Jehovah will give us and the privilege we have to serve him, if they are valuable to us, will encourage us to share the good news (See paragraph 16)

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

After John baptized Jesus, he told everyone that Jesus was the representative of Jehovah.He said: "Look, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sins of the world! After that, John told his followers to follow Jesus who is the Messiah. John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John made it clear that Jesus is the Messiah, but it was necessary for many others to accept it. Why? Zechariah explained that the Messiah would be the light of day.This means that the coming of Jesus would change people's lives, so that they would have the hope of salvation.

14 Jesus was eager to share the gospel. He was the one whom Zechariah described as giving light to those who live in darkness and the shadow of death. He had great compassion for people who were treated with contempt. He spoke to them about the year of Jehovah's favor, which brings comfort and hope. (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) He explained: The Kingdom of heaven is near But he also knew that many people needed to share the gospel. So he trained his disciples so that they would continue to share the good news. Matt 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 We too, are very happy to have the opportunity to share the good news. In fact, the ransom sacrifice of Jesus, and the Kingdom of God, are the times when we must do our best to announce it.

13. How was the coming of the Messiah a daylight for God's people?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is it so important that we preach the good news today?

24th of October

(Matthew 24:21) At that time, many people may listen to the good news and serve Jehovah because they may remember that we preached the good news to them. After that, Jesus and the 144,000 and the heavenly armies will fight against all those who oppose God, and they will welcome those who serve God into the new world. (Matthew 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) So it is very important that we work hard to preach the good news!Matthew 24:14; Mark 13:10.

16 Zechariah's words in Luke 1:68-79 remind us of these three precious things. First, the salvation that Jehovah will give us. Second, the privilege we have to serve Jehovah. Third, the responsibility we have to preach the good news. Do you believe in Christ's ransom sacrifice, and have you dedicated yourself to Jehovah?

16. What are you determined to do? (See also the pictures.)

Do you value the privilege you have of serving Jehovah? If so, share with everyone the proclamation of the year of Jehovah's favor with zeal. The day that our God will pay back evil, means, the day when God's Kingdom will destroy all our enemies and turn this earth into a paradise, tell people about it. So anyone who loves God, invite him and join us to serve Jehovah in truth and righteousness all the days of our lives without fear.Luke 1:74, 75.

Page 24: In the first photo, two sisters are preaching from house to house. In the second photo, a brother is witnessing to a coworker while they are taking a break. In the third photo, a sister is doing an activity at school, and in order to organize things in a natural way, she gives evidence that someone has done it. Her sister and her classmates are listening.

The message in Luke 1:68-79 to Jesus, . . .

What precious gift has Jehovah given us?

Because of the ransom of Jesus, what opportunity do we have?

What responsibilities do we have?

SONG 159 Give glory to Jehovah

LIFE STORY

The thought of the Supreme Creator came to me

STÉPHANE LANDEROIN's words

I went to school, I did not like school, and I did not do anything. What I wanted was to put myself in a place where no one would think of me. I never dreamed that God would think of me. Why am I saying that?

I grew up in Paris in France. There, many people do not believe in God, so I also did not believe in God. Rather, what I believed was that the world and everything in it just happened. I learned this in school, and as many people believed, I also believed it was true. It was understandable to me, so I did not do any research about it.

My parents were not interested in religion. Their argument was that if there is a God, there would not be suffering and injustice in the world like this. I too, because I saw that hypocrisy has become common in religion, I thought it was unwise to believe in God. Even those who believed in God, I mocked them.

But now I firmly believe that there is a Creator who cares for me even though I sometimes think of myself as inferior. What changed my mind, and what helped me change my life, let me share with you.

When I was 19, the government ordered me for military training. After that, I was sent to French Guiana in South America to fight there for a year. It was beautiful but not very close to my hometown. I did not know that later that place would change my life completely.

When I was 20 years old, I returned to Paris. When I arrived, I worked hard every week from Monday to Friday; on Mondays and Thursdays, too, food, drinks and drinks. But I had no real joy, because any joy I got, it would soon disappear. I would say, my life was a mess. I saw that corruption and corruption, racism, and poverty were abundant in the world.

I grew up in Paris in France. My family did not believe in God.

26 OWN-ABAN

Rɔfo is destroying the indigenous heritage that surrounds us. So I decided to return to South America.

I want to live a life that makes me happy in my life

I went back to French Guiana, where I continued to burn and started a village. I thought that if I go to live in a forest like this and drink marijuana, I would be very happy in life. But it did not stop me and I returned to my old life again. So I worked from Monday to Friday; on Mondays and Thursdays, I also ate and cut some.

It was at that time that someone gave me a Bible. I started to read it; it seemed to me that I would get some good advice from it that would help me to live better. But what I was reading, I did not understand.

I had friends who also wanted to know what we came to do in the world. They had named their village United somewhere in the forest. So they told me to live with them.

Life in the forest was not smooth; we could do whatever we wanted because there was no law to stop us. We slept until the sun came up before we got up, and we slept before the sun went down. We planted our crops ourselves, we sang, and we drank marijuana. We took good care of the surrounding property; we also owned, and we gave some to each other. We ate meat because we did not want to kill the animals there. We did not respect the laws there; we did not obey the laws; if we watched and violated some of the laws to help us or punish us, we did not obey them.

The way we used to live together in the forest, that is how we wanted the world to be. Nobody was subordinate to anyone in our village, and everyone respected each other no matter where we came from. However, I realized that we were all selfish and we made mistakes. So some of the problems people were facing in the world, some of them were overwhelmed in our organization. Some people come to the organization, they spend a few days in the village, others a few weeks or a few months. But for me, more than two years.

While I was in the forest, I noticed that the land provides us with everything we need in excess. One day, I decided to count the fruit in a pot. It was too much so I stopped first. I asked myself, What are the things we need, why does the land give us so much?

A. A map we made in our village, we call the village Union

B. When I was in the forest

A

B B B

something that someone has planned to prepare everything in order to wait for a meal. This made me realize that the things there were not free; it does not matter what someone created. But I did not know anything about who was fighting.

I continued to read the Bible. But even this time, I wanted to know what God wants me to do. I started praying, and I made the sign of the cross that I did not know what it means. Also, I wanted to know if the Creator's name is Yah, because the songs our band sang, that name appeared in some.

I will see what is happening to me

When I look back at the computer, when I started praying, I think that the Creator knew that I wanted to see him. A friend of mine who is a member of our group in the village met Jehovah's Witnesses, and she accepted a copy of You can live forever in Paradise on Earth. When I started reading it, what I found was very surprising to me. When I realized that it would be Paradise and I could live forever, I was very happy. I was looking for the same thing; to live in a beautiful place, and to live in peace with my loved ones who died there.

* Published by Jehovah's Witnesses but now out of print.

who is kind and wants us to have this bright future, and I want to be his friend.

I realized that I needed to make changes in my life, but I needed help. So I told another friend who was with us, I want to meet Michel. Michel was a missionary, and he was studying with those friends.

On the same day that I met Michel, he invited me to attend a meeting in Matoury; near the capital of the country Cayenne. From where we were to Cayenne it is 240 kilometers or 155 miles. I had long hair, and I wore a brown shirt. I wore a cloth of different colors and a coat larger than my coat. But the brothers did not watch the dress, but they helped me to attend the meeting, they gave me food and they also gave me sleep. The love and kindness shown by the Witnesses made me believe the truth.

At that meeting, a brother explained 1 Timothy 5:8 in a speech he gave. This sadness shows us that every good father will give his child what they need. I realized that Jehovah uses this foundation to work, so he will ensure that his family gets what they need.

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDONIA

I found the truth in French Guiana, I was baptized in France, and now my wife and I are serving in New Caledonia

Our wedding day

I am giving a speech to a group that teaches Chinese, 2006

When I put Jehovah's will first in my life, I should not worry because he will look after me.

As I continued to study the Bible, I realized that I needed to make changes. I decided to quit smoking and marijuana. After making that decision, I burned all the tobacco and marijuana that was left with me, and I never drank it again. Then I started attending classes. One day while I was attending the class, I told a brother to cut my hair, and that is when he went to the Kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, I left the group in French Guiana and returned to France. I saw a Kingdom Hall and went there, and I invited someone to continue my Bible study with me. Although my life had changed, the way I had changed it, it was surprising to my family. As such, I stopped smoking and tobacco, I stopped drinking alcohol, and I did not go to a party again. But I was not happy with the way I testified to them. Later I realized that, if I testified to them, I should be happy and talk to them with respect.

I was baptized in 1996. I prayed to Jehovah that I would like to become a missionary like Michel. I realized that that is the best way to show appreciation for what Jehovah has done for me.

I have a lot of experience in my life.

There was a beautiful sister named Claudine in the congregation. I saw that she was very active in the ministry and she also attended classes, and her answers showed me that she loved Jehovah very much. I decided to make a marriage arrangement with her, but I wanted to know first if Claudine liked the missionary work.

The following year, we both started the pioneering work. later, we decided to learn Mandarin to help a group near our Chinese-speaking congregation. learning the language was very difficult for me. first, I had to try to think like a Chinese person. also, I had to find a way to share the message with the Chinese people to make them happy. the truth is, I could never speak Mandarin well. I did everything I could in the ministry. How we enjoyed working with the Chinese-speaking brothers and sisters, we will never forget. Jehovah has blessed us so much. The education we received was also something that will help us in serving Jehovah in the future.

One of the most important things I've learned

Things were not always going the way I wanted. For example, the effort I was making to do what I could for Jehovah and my brothers and sisters was not pleasing to me. So when I was going to give a speech, I spent a lot of time preparing it.

August 2026

We are now doing the circuit work in New Caledonia

However, most of the time, I will let the speech end and be disappointed, because it is not how I expected it to go. (Eccl. 7:16) I had to understand that Jehovah is a loving Father, and he does not look for perfection from us.

In Paris, I was appointed as a deputy circuit overseer. I felt like I was young, and I had no experience to help me do this work. But I realized that, what we think we cannot do, the holy spirit of Jehovah can make us overwhelmed.

My other problem is that since my childhood I have had a very chronic illness. My hands are very chronic. If I give a speech at a circuit or district convention and my stomach burns a little, then it is very bad. But if I pray to Jehovah for peace, it makes me feel better. The problem has not gone away, but if I trust in Jehovah, it makes me speak calmly and do not go away much.

In 2011, after praying for a long time, Jehovah gave us a hand. We went as missionaries in New Caledonia. It is a beautiful island group in the southwest Pacific. From Paris to there it is very remote; it is more than 16,000 kilometers or 10,000 miles. This new activity, too, caused problems. We had to learn to eat new foods; such as bananas, brobe and bayera. Also, when we slept there, we would hear chickens bark, or dogs also refuse, so it would ruin our sleep. It took a while before we could get better. Also, the way the locals used to talk was very different; when you ask someone a question, instead of opening their mouths for your answer, sometimes they give you the answer behind their eyes.

Every time we get a new assignment, Jehovah helps us to be able to do it. We serve as missionaries, and we have also worked at Bethel for a few years. We have attended the School for Kingdom Evangelists, and now we are in the circuit work. In every assignment we were assigned, we saw that Jehovah used his holy spirit to help us. Jehovah has taught me that, if we have a weakness, it does not mean that he will help us to do the work that will not succeed. Even though my heart burns when I stand in front of a crowd, Jehovah helps me to give encouragement and guidance to the guests we visit.

All the changes that have happened in our lives Claudine has been very patient with me. She is very happy with the work we are doing, and she is ready to witness to people whenever the opportunity presents itself.

The first district convention I attended, I learned that the Supreme Creator always cares about his servants. When I put his service first in my life, he has given me many blessings. Jehovah has taught me that I must show respect to government officials and obey the law. I also have to be humble. I have walked with those I worked with in the past so that I can live by Jehovah's laws. I have also lost many good friends that Jehovah has given me, more than I have ever lost. Jehovah has given me a good blessing, and I will look forward to living forever, and Jehovah will bless our good things.Mark 10:29, 30.

30th of October

Do you know?

In the old days, what was going on at the city gates?

In ancient times, the gates of the city were not just a place for people to go through a grass town. It was a very unbelievable place, because many people used to visit there daily. The gates of the city appear many times in the Bible, and the Bible describes what was going on there.

People gathered at the gates of the city.The Hebrew word translated por does not refer to just the gate at the entrance of a city. Esan also refers to the part of the gate where people could play shields.In some places, when you enter the gate of the city, there was a scattered place where the crowds could gather.Neh 8:1

People used to sell goods at the city gates.The gate in Jerusalem had a name on it; it was called the Fish Gate and the Sheep Gate.

Both Abraham and Boaz made a legal arrangement with others before witnesses at the gate of the city (Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Also, if travelers were traveling late in the evening, and they entered a city and no one gave them a place to sleep, they could sleep outside the city near the gate. (Judg. 19:15-21) In addition, people would go to the gate to listen to the news that had happened.2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

The judges heard the case at the gates of the city. When a case came before them, they heard it before all the people there, so that everyone would hear the testimony of the witnesses and the judgment of the case. (Deut. 21:18-20) Since the case was heard publicly, it allowed the judges to judge fairly. When the judges had finished a case, they had elders who would see that the judgment was executed immediately. (Deut. 25:2) The judges who heard the case were at the gates of the city.

The city gates were a place of unbelief

everyone expected to see that justice was done. additionally, they expected to treat everyone fairly, and they encouraged the citizens to do the same. Deut. 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

The men who worshiped Jehovah faithfully went to the gates of the city to encourage the Israelites there to trust in Jehovah. Because people often gathered at the gates of the city, the prophets and others often went there to settle matters. (1 Kings 22:10; Jeremiah 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu stood at the gates of the city and told all the people that Jehovah had delivered the message against the house of Ahab. (2 Kings 10:8-10) We also look at King Hezekiah, who gathered his throne at the gates of the city, and encouraged them to put them before Jehovah.2 Kings 32:6-8.

The Bible says that wisdom cries out, and it makes its voice sound at the gates of a city. (Prov. 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, when you go to the gates of a city, faithful men would advise people there, and they would see that justice also works. Today, we will find the wisdom of Jehovah in the Bible, and his servants all over the world are helping people to search the Bible to find that wisdom.

August 2026 31

The Kingdom of God is coming August 2026 Vol. 147, No. 8 TWI

What is in your heart?

The study article we will study October 5-11 2 Fight Satan's deception Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

The lesson article we will study October 12-18 8 You can win!

The article we will study October 19-25 14

The article we will study October 26 November 1 20 The privilege you have to serve Jehovah, make it worthwhile

LIFE STORY 26 I have been touched by the Creator's thought

Do you know?

A few verses in the bible

A tree that wakes up in the morning

About 30 trees mentioned in the Bible include the white pine tree. The trees that shone just after the winter season are included. Just before the end of January, some of its beautiful red or white flowers had already fallen off its head. What the tree name means in Hebrew is "who has risen".

When we look at Jeremiah 7:25, the text below describes Jehovah as rising early in the morning. March 15, 2011 The Watchtower says:

Sometimes the Bible compares the white flowers to the heads of the elderly (Eccl. 12:5) Also, the candlesticks in the tabernacle were covered with bowls and olive branches.Because the white flowers are beautiful, it is likely that this is why Jehovah told Bezalel to make the bowls like the white flowers.Ex 37:17-20.

This book is not for sale. We use it to do a worldwide Bible teaching work. People give voluntary donations to support the work. If you want to donate, please go to donate.jw.org.

All the Bible texts in this book are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless we indicate that they are from another source.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the website jw.org in English, or use this icon to scan your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.08-TW