SEPTEMBER 2026

THE COUNTRY SAYS the Kingdom of JEHOVAH

NOVEMBER 2 DECEMBER 6, 2026

November 2-8, 2026

Song 3 Our strength, our hope and our confidence

What is the importance of education?

The reason we can be confident that Jehovah will protect us now and in the future.

Be assured that Jehovah will protect you

You said: Jehovah is my refuge. DW. 91:9.

We are living in these days, and this world is about to collapse. Soon, some great events will happen that will shake the world. Jehovah will put his thoughts in the hearts of the nations to give their kingdom to the beast that represents the United Nations.* (Rev. 17:17) Then, this beast that has been given power, and all the world's governments will unite; they will attack and eliminate false worship worldwide. (Rev. 17:16) That will be the beginning of the great tribulation, then what will happen?

2 Other great events will follow.The nations of the world will join together to attack Jehovah's people. (Ezek 38:14-16) Why? The book called True Worship Jehovah Has Made It Again! explains: Satan will continue to seduce the nations, and will use them to destroy Jehovah, and wipe out the true worship from the earth. That will lead to the war of Armageddon, which some have never fought before.

3 This world that Jesus and the heavenly armies will come to destroy

* See Questions From Readers in the November 2025 issue.

1-2. What big events will shock the world in the near future?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

2

Armageddon, should we be afraid of it? No! Why? Because Jehovah has promised to protect us. That promise is in Psalm 91:7. It says: Some will fall to you, and some will fall to your right hand, but you will not be near you. Let us consider Psalm 91 further, and answer the following questions: What protection does Psalm 91 describe? Today, how does Jehovah also protect us? in the future, and how will he protect us? Before we answer those questions, let us first examine Psalm 91 to finish.

Worship that shows us that Jehovah is close to us

4 In Psalm 91, we summarize the words: We can have confidence that God will protect his people. Verses one and two show us that anyone who trusts in Jehovah, he will also protect himself. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Make sure that you have gone to protect yourself under the wings of the Almighty, the Most High. What is better than this? (Ruth 2:12; Psalm 17:8) The words refuge and fortress remind us of how in the past, a wall was built around a city to protect the city and its inhabitants. See also in the following verse, how Jehovah protects his people, the psalmist uses the example of love to help us picture it in our minds.

5 In the last words of Psalm 91,

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 assure us that Jehovah will protect us?

5-6. What promise does Jehovah give us in Psalm 91:14-16, and what assurance does it give us?

It is a very comforting message. However, it is not the singer who is saying how Jehovah will protect us. Rather, it is Jehovah himself who is promising to protect his servants. (Read Psalm 91:14-16.) For you, add the following words:

6 It is Jehovah who caused the words of Psalm 91 to be spoken, because he knows that it will help us to have confidence that he will protect us. (Rom 15:4) So in the words of the psalmist, we can also say something to Jehovah: You are my refuge and my stronghold. (Ps. 91:2) So what protection can we expect from Jehovah?

SONG 91 What does Jehovah say?

7 Our popular book has explained that Psalm 91 is a promise from Jehovah that he will protect us spiritually. We can be confident that he will give us everything we need to keep our friendship with Jehovah. However, is this song only about spiritual protection? No. This song also shows us that when our enemies attack us, Jehovah will never allow them to destroy all his servants. Instead, he will protect us physically, and we will have peace. Why do we say this?

7. What protection does Psalm 91 say Jehovah will give us?

SEPTEMBER 2026

3

8 Satan used the words of Psalm 91:11, 12 to tempt Jesus that, if he falls from the roof of the temple, Jehovah will send angels to protect him and not hurt him. When he said this, let us look at the answer Jesus gave him. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.) Jesus did not say, 'Help, Satan! These scriptures do not mean that Jehovah will protect me from harm or injury.' Instead, Jesus said, "Test not Jehovah your God". What can we learn from the answer Jesus gave to Satan?

9 Jesus knew that when enemies wanted to harm God's people, sometimes Jehovah would send his angels to protect them. (2 Kings 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) Jesus knew that if he sacrificed his life, he could not expect Jehovah to send angels to protect him. However, it was very wrong to ask Jesus to risk his life to test Jehovah.* The answer Jesus gave to Satan helps us to understand Psalm 91 that in any way Jehovah will protect his people from enemies.

10 The promise that Jehovah has given us in Psalm 91

* In the past, our popular book said that the verse in Psalm 91 refers to the promise that Jehovah has made to protect us spiritually. It also explained that Satan is helping to say that the verse in Psalm 91 is a promise that Jehovah has made to protect his servants from harm or harm. See the December 1, 1974, issue of The Watchtower, p. 722.

8-9. When Satan tempted Jesus, what response did Jesus give him, and what can we learn from Jesus' response? (Matthew 4:5-7)

10. What confidence do we have?

it increases our confidence in him. we believe strongly that anyone who trusts in Jehovah and makes him his refuge and stronghold, he will also protect himself. therefore, the great events that will soon shake the world, we should not be afraid. how Jehovah protects us today, and how he will protect us in the future, let us think about it.

How does JEHOVAH deal with us today?

11 Jehovah protects us spiritually. This means that he helps us to fight anything that can destroy our relationship with him. For example, we always need to fight against the evil within us. How evil can affect us, Jehovah knows everything. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) Let us consider some of the ways in which Jehovah helps us to fight evil.

12 Jehovah has given us his Word, the Bible. The Bible warns us against bad desires, and it also shows what we can do to fight them. for example, let us take the words of Jesus in Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read) There Jesus said: "Everyone who continues to look at a woman for lust has already committed adultery with her in his heart". What do we learn from this statement?

13 If we look at pornographic images, it will make us have bad desires. This is how we face the temptation to commit adultery, and it will be less difficult to overcome us. (Jas. 1:14, 15) If we can fight against such bad desires, the advice of Jesus, "If your right eye causes you to stumble, throw it out and throw it away", we must act quickly to take action.

11. How does Jehovah protect us spiritually?

12-13. What will help us fight against bad desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

He's on the other side of the fence

Jehovah uses his people to give us books, videos, and other resources that help us to preserve our relationship with him (See paragraph 15)

Therefore, we must remove any images of immorality from our paths, such as those that are undergoing a serious illness. (Col 3:5) If we apply this advice, it protects our relationship with Jehovah.

14 Jehovah gives us his holy spirit. Jehovah also uses his holy spirit to help us fight against evil. If we keep asking him to give us holy spirit, he will give it to us. (Luke 11:9-13) How does the holy spirit help us? Although he can have bad desires, he does not control them at all; he removes them from his mind quickly. Jehovah's spirit does not remove bad desires, but it can strengthen us to do what is right, so that bad desires do not dominate us. That will keep us in a good relationship with Jehovah.

15 Jehovah helps us through his people. Jehovah helps us to receive books, videos, and more at the right time. This helps us to maintain a good relationship with him.

14. How does the holy spirit help us?

15.How does Jehovah use his people to help us not to destroy our relationship with him? (See also the pictures.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 5

Sometimes we can feel that no one cares about us. at other times, we can be overwhelmed by anxiety. in this way, Satan, the Tempter, will try to make us feel that Jehovah's service is too heavy, so we should not be left alone. (Matt. 4:3; 6:13) Jehovah's organization has provided us with many spiritual foods that show us that Jehovah forgives sins, we value him, and we trust that the promise he has made to provide us with what we need will be fulfilled. (Ps 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Do you remember a time when you read something in a congregation publication, or watched a video that touched your heart and said, This is what they did for me?

16 Jehovah protects his servants so that our enemies cannot attack us. However, sometimes Jehovah allows enemies to rise up against us, and some of us can even be killed, in order to prove that Satan is a liar. (Rev. 2:10; 6:9) However, he protects a few of our brothers who have been killed by Satan.

17 Not all the problems faced by Jehovah's servants as individuals protect us from them. If we live by Bible principles, it protects us from many things that can harm ourselves, and it helps us to cope with some of the problems we face. (Prov. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) However, at this time, we do not expect Jehovah to remove us from any problems. (Job 1:10, 11) Those who cause trouble to Jehovah's servants, Jehovah has given them plenty of strength, because he wants to keep his name holy and make everyone know that Satan is a liar. (Romans 9:22) However, it is not long; soon, Jehovah will intervene to put an end to all the trouble. Until that day comes, Jehovah will give us the strength we need to endure the trouble we face, and we will not destroy our relationship with him.1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

How does JEHOVAH deal with us daily?

18 When the great tribulation begins, Jehovah will continue to protect his people spiritually. what about physically? when the nations unite to attack Jehovah's servants, he will not stop to destroy us. (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Instead, he will use Jesus Christ and his heavenly armies to destroy our enemies. that will lead to the battle of Armageddon. (Rev. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah protect his people at Armageddon?

19 The destruction of Jehovah's enemies at Armageddon should not scare us. Why? Because we have made Jehovah our refuge and fortress.

16. (a) What trials does Jehovah allow some of his servants to go through? (b) What does Jehovah do for his servants?

17. Why should we not expect that no matter what trouble we face, Jehovah will save us?

18. How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

19-20. The destruction that will come upon Jehovah's enemies at Armageddon, why should we not fear it? (See also the pictures on the front.)

6

He's on the other side of the fence

When Jesus and his heavenly armies destroy this world at Armageddon, not even one of God's enemies is present, he will reveal himself. but in that time, because we love the heart of Jehovah, he will not allow our enemies to kill one of us

He has been very confident that, when Jesus and his three heavenly armies destroy this world at Armageddon, not one of God's enemies will reveal himself (Jeremiah 25:33; Zechariah 14:12) but in that time, because we love the heart of Jehovah, he will not allow our enemies to kill us, whether they are demons or humans.

20 At Armageddon, the words spoken by Onyanko-Pon to the psalmist may come true to our eyes. He said: People will fall by your side, and tens of thousands will fall by your right hand, but you will not be near you. You will watch with your eyes, and you will see the punishment of sinners. Since you said: Because Jehovah is my refuge, you will give the Most High your seat. (Ps 91:7-9) When the battle of Armageddon begins, we believe that Jehovah will protect each one of us spiritually and physically, and he will also give us peace on earth. Because you say: Jehovah is my refuge,

PHOTOS: At Armageddon, Jehovah will protect us from harm or harm, and he will also give us peace.

What do you think?

■ What protection does Psalm 91 say that Jehovah will give us?

■ How does Jehovah protect us today?

■ How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

SONG 8 Jehovah is our refuge

November 9-15, 2026

SONG 36 We protect our hearts

What is the importance of education?

Which will help us to listen to Jehovah from our whole heart.

How we will obey Jehovah with all our heart

Be obedient from the heart.Romans 6:17.

In some cases, when they obey an elder or an authority, it is because of what they will get from him. in others, when they see that people are looking after them, or the law is with them, they obey. like the religious leaders in the time of Jesus, they pretend to obey God's law in order to gain public honor. today, some people do the same. (Matt 23:5) But for us, one reason, we obey Jehovah, is that the guidance he gives us, it helps us in all areas. (Isaiah 48:17, 18) But there is something else, that is why we obey Jehovah.

2 The main reason we obey Jehovah is that we love him deeply. (Matthew 22:37, 38) Our love for him is why we obey him from the bottom of our heart. (Romans 6:17) So the instructions that Jehovah gives us, whether we live or not, whether someone is watching us or not, we obey them because we love him. However, it seems that our heart is deceitful, so it is not always easy for us to obey Jehovah's direction. In this article, we will look at two examples from the Bible that will help us to obey Jehovah from the heart at all times. Let us first look at how the Israelites acted when Jehovah delivered them from Egypt. After that, we will look at a beautiful example of King Jehoshaphat of Judah.

YOU are OSETIE NANSO AKYIRI YOU are ASOODEN

3 Before Jehovah delivered the Israelites from Egypt, he gave them some instructions that could have been difficult for them:

1. What causes some to obey elders or authorities?

2. What is the main reason we obey Jehovah?

3. Why would it be difficult for the Israelites to follow the instructions that Jehovah gave them to use animal blood on their rooftops? (See also the picture)

8

Even though the Egyptians could be angry, the Israelites obeyed Jehovah's command (See paragraph 3)

In order to avoid some of the tenth plague, they had to sacrifice a dove or a camel and use its blood for their redemption. (Ex. 12:5, 7) If any Israelite obeyed this command, Jehovah would not kill any firstborn person or animal in his household. However, the Israelites could say that they feared that, if they obeyed that command, the Egyptians would do something to them. Why? Because the Egyptians worshiped sheep. (Ex. 8:25-27) However, it was not even there that the Israelites were watching, they saw the need to obey, so Jehovah told them to do exactly that. 12:28) Because of their obedience, Jehovah also did not let any of them die.

4 That same night, the Israelites left Egypt. Jehovah first told them to camp by the Red Sea somewhere in the north. Then he gave them an unreasonable instruction. He told them not to turn their faces to the south, but to camp between the Red Sea and the mountains. There, too, if Pharaoh and his army were to attack them, they would have nowhere to go, because the Pharaohs and his army would be in the middle of the Red Sea. 14:1-4) But when the Israelites saw that the Egyptians were following them, they were frightened, and they accused Moses of having rescued them and brought them there to die. (Exodus 14:5-11) The obedience they had done from the beginning, why did they now repent? How did Jehovah view what they did?

5 When the Israelites reached the Red Sea, they did not appreciate Jehovah's miraculous deeds, or they did not appreciate his unfailing love. (Read Psalm 106:7.) When Jehovah brought the tenth plague on the Egyptians, Jehovah protected the Israelites and their livestock and the Israelites saw it. That led to Jehovah saying that they rebelled at the Red Sea.Even after they followed Moses across the Red Sea, they did not change their character; they continued to disobey Jehovah.

4. When the Israelites left Egypt, what guidance did Jehovah give to those who had no understanding?

5. Why did Jehovah reject the Israelites? (Psalm 106:7)

September 2026 9

In the end, all the disobedient Israelites were rejected by Jehovah, and he did not let any of them enter the Promised Land. (Ps 106:21, 24-26) What can we learn from what they did?

ASODEN AND THE ISRAELFO, SUA BIRIBI FROM IN

6 If Jehovah or those taking the lead give us some guidance, we can ask ourselves: Do we follow the guidance because it is understandable and will help us? it may be that the reason some of the Israelites used the blood of a pea to purify themselves was simply because they did not want their firstborn to die. also, can we ask ourselves, is it based on what others do, that we obey Jehovah? the night the Israelites celebrated the Passover, Jehovah gave them the blessing of the Egyptians, so it was time for them to obey Jehovah and leave Egypt. 12:36) But later, when the Egyptians pressured them to kill them, they did not have faith in Jehovah that he could save them, so they rebelled. (Exodus 14:10-12) As for us, we do not want to imitate the Israelites. If Jehovah or those taking the lead give us some guidance, we will trust them and obey them. (Read Jeremiah 23:4) How will we humble ourselves if we do not understand the instructions, or even if we do not obey them that will cause the anger of the enemies to blind us? We will obey and not make the mistakes that the Israelites made?

7 Strengthen your love for Jehovah. If we don't understand some guidance from Jehovah's organization, we don't know how it will help us, or if we follow it and it will catch us,

It can be difficult to obey. When something like this happens, we must remember that we obey him because we love Jehovah and trust him deeply. (1 John 5:3) Our love for Jehovah helps us to wait patiently until things settle down.

8 Today too, when a directive comes and we do not understand or even know how it will help us, we humble ourselves to follow it. For example, when COVID-19 came, the recipient was instructed to conduct a study by phone or zoom. A congregation elder in Peru said: When the directive came again, it seemed to me that in our community, we were doing a work that would not work well. The faith of our congregation was strengthened, and it brought us closer to each other.Let us look at another example. Towards the end of 2020, the Governing Body introduced a new program. They said that groups and guests who speak a foreign language will not participate in the study, and some will not be allowed to join other guests. A sister who was also in Japan, and the program will change her. She said: I want to be obedient, and I don't want to talk about the instructions. I know that this choice will bring many blessings.

9 Prepare for opposition. Today is the time to do our best to preach the gospel. Even if we do this and people oppose us in the future, we will not stop. In many countries, we can preach the gospel without being stopped.

6. How will trust in Jehovah help us? (Jeremiah 23:4)

7. How will it help us to obey Jehovah if we strengthen our love for him?

8. What did two brothers do to show that they wanted to obey Jehovah?

9. What can we do to prepare for opposition? (See also pictures.)

10 OWN-ABAN

Even then, we need courage to be able to preach the good news of the Kingdom, because it is also to say that God will soon destroy this wicked world. (Matthew 24:14) Also, during the great tribulation, the message we will preach may be cold, and we will not use it early. This will give people the opportunity to show that they will persecute human governments, or they will persecute God's Kingdom. 16:21) They will be very angry with Jehovah and his people just as Pharaoh was angry with the Israelites at the Red Sea. So regardless of what people say, we must listen to Jehovah and continue to preach the good news during this time.

SUASUA OSETIE, the King of Jehoshaphat

10 There are many people in the Bible who showed obedience that we can imitate.

* See Questions from Readers in the August 2025 issue.

10. When nations joined together to fight against Judah, how did King Jehoshaphat feel?

King Jehoshaphat of Judah. In his day, three nations joined together to fight against Judah. If you were with Jehoshaphat, would you not be afraid? So if Jehoshaphat and his people were afraid, it was his way. (2 Chron 20:1-3) But the king did not let fear bind him; he let Jehovah show him what to do. Let us see how Jehoshaphat trusted in Jehovah and what we can learn from it.

11 Be courageous to seek Jehovah's guidance and obey it. When Jehoshaphat was frightened, he decided to seek Jehovah. (2 Chronicles 20:3) Jehoshaphat used to seek Jehovah's guidance in everything. (2 Chronicles 19:3) So when the nations joined together to attack Judah, he realized that it was the right time to seek Jehovah and obey any direction he would give him. Therefore, we can pray to Jehovah wholeheartedly. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) If we also have a problem, pray to Jehovah to seek his guidance and learn. In doing so, we are imitating Jehoshaphat.

11. When Jehoshaphat was frightened, what did he do? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

If we listen to the voice, we are preparing ourselves for the opposition that we may face in the future (See paragraph 9)

11

Christian elders obey Jehovah, the congregation, and their fellow elders (See paragraph 16)

12 Take time to study the Bible. Jehoshaphat's prayers show that he was a person who knew God's Word well. Jehovah promised Abraham that he would give the promised land to his descendants. As that promise was fulfilled, Jehoshaphat knew. (Gen. 12:7) Jehoshaphat's prayer was similar to the prayer that Solomon prayed during the dedication of the temple. (2 Chron. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) The knowledge Jehoshaphat had helped him to trust in Jehovah and determined to listen to him. We too, the knowledge we are learning, must include some. (Matt 13:52) Then, whatever problems we encounter, we will decide to listen to Jehovah.

13 Be humble. Jehoshaphat's prayer also shows that he was humble. He was a king with many soldiers, so he could have trusted himself and said that he did not need Jehovah's help. However, he humbled himself and prayed before the whole nation to Jehovah for help, because they did not know what to do. (2 Chron. 20:12) Because Jehoshaphat was humble, when Jehovah gave him instructions, he acted quickly. We too, if we are humble, in any situation, we will obey Jehovah.

12. What do we do that will make us determined to obey Jehovah?

13. How will it help us if we are humble?

14 Be obedient, and others will watch to learn. Jehovah answered Jehoshaphat's prayer through the prophet Jahaziel. He gave Jehoshaphat clear instructions that the people should not fight. The prophet Jahaziel told them: Stand still and watch how Jehovah will save you. The Bible says that it was there that Jehoshaphat bowed down and bowed his face to the ground. He did so, the whole nation also bowed down . . . worshiped Jehovah. The next day, Jehoshaphat and his people began to meet the enemies. He told the nation,

15 Because Jehoshaphat had great faith, he consulted with the people, and he appointed men to sing in front of the warriors. (2 Chron 20:21) Ask him also to discuss it with the people before making that decision. What he did encouraged his people to trust in Jehovah, and they obeyed. Jehovah also blessed them, so the enemies themselves fought, and they killed each other.2 Chron 20:22-24.

14. How did Jehoshaphat respond to Jehovah's guidance, and how did it affect the people?

15. What did Jehoshaphat do that showed he had great faith?

12 OWN-ABAN

16 Elders in the congregation, parents, and those taking the lead can imitate Jehoshaphat. His heartfelt obedience also helped his people to obey. What he did can be compared to what King Solomon did. While Solomon was serving Jehovah, he asked Jehovah to give him a humble heart so that he could govern his people well. He wanted to judge the nation with Jehovah's wisdom. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Jehoshaphat also humbly listened to the prophet of God. Congregational elders also follow Jehoshaphat's example. So before making any decision regarding the congregation, they look into God's word the Bible and the congregation publications to seek Jehovah's guidance. Also, they listen to the opinions of other elders

(Prov 15:22) By their words and actions they encourage God's people to obey Jehovah from their heart.Parents, too, must remember that their children will watch over them to learn from them, so if they obey Jehovah, it will be easier for their children to obey him too.Prov 1:8; 14:1.

17 No matter where our lives lead us, we must trust in Jehovah, seek guidance from him, and obey him. When we do this, he will not let us down. Just as he did for his people in the past, he also gives guidance to his servants today through the Governing Body and elders.

16. What can parents and leaders do to imitate Jehoshaphat? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also pictures.)

17. Why should we always obey Jehovah from our heart?

What do you think?

■ What can we learn from the disobedience of the Israelites when they came from Egypt?

■ What did Jehoshaphat do that showed he had a humble heart?

■ How can we imitate Jehoshaphat?

Song 88 Show me your path

November 16-22, 2026

We are preaching the gospel in all the languages of the world

Song 84 We will support the work

We will see how Jehovah's Witnesses have fulfilled the prophecy in Zechariah 8:23.

Ten people who speak all the languages of the nations will hold a Jew's garment. SAK 8:23.

ATUATEFO during the construction of the tower of Babel, Jehovah caused confusion in their language, causing the work to collapse. This caused people to be scattered all over the earth with different languages. (Gen. 11:6-9) But Jehovah has said that he will bring together a large crowd that no one can count, from all nations and tribes and peoples and languages, and bring them into the new world through the great tribulation. (Rev. 7:9, footnote, 10, 14) When the great tribulation comes, how will all the people who speak these languages have faith in Jehovah that he will save them? unless we now strive to preach the good news to them in their native language? (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) We have a great opportunity to do this life-saving work.

2 Centuries before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, and Jehovah inspired the prophet Zechariah to prophesy that many nations would join themselves to Jehovah, and they would become his people. (Zechariah 2:11) Later Zechariah also prophesied: What the congregation of Jehovah has said, seven times, ten people speaking all the languages of the nations will hold the garments of a Jew . . . and say loudly: We want to go with you, because We want to go with you,

1. Why is it so important that we preach the gospel in many languages? (Romans 10:13, 14)

2. What prophecy did Jehovah give to the prophet Zechariah?

14

we hear that God is with you. (Zechariah 8:23) Today, this prophecy is coming to fruition. Let us see what each of us can do to fulfill the prophecy.

RELATING THE SUMMARY

3 The Jews mentioned in the prophecy of Zechariah represent those who have been anointed with the Holy Spirit by the Holy One. They are also called the Holy One Israel in the Bible. (Gal. 6:16) These people have the hope of going to heaven. (Heb. 3:1) The ten people mentioned in the prophecy also represent whom? They are the humble ones who have the hope of living forever on the earth in Paradise. They come from different countries, and their languages are different.

4 When Christ appointed the faithful and discreet slave in 1919, they realized that they needed to do a great work. To do this work, they needed to translate the Bible message they were speaking into many languages. (Matt 24:45) The Bible Students had begun to produce a video about creation in many countries. In 1935, the faithful slave saw that a large crowd would live on earth for a year. These people are like the ten people who speak all the languages of the nations. This made those who were leading at the time realize that they must work hard to reach the greatest number of people. So they put in place a plan that would enable them to preach the good news everywhere on earth. that would give the prophecy of Zechariah.

Two nations are fighting each other

5 When they dedicated themselves to preaching the gospel, they found many people of good heart who spoke pure language to listen. As Isaiah prophesied, many people from all nations wanted to come to Jehovah's feet to be taught by him. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) For this reason, God's people have dedicated themselves so that we can preach to these goodhearted people. What we do is by translating Bible verses into pure language, spreading, and making sure that everyone gets some. (Job 68:11; 110:3) In addition, we have created the jw.org website, and that helps the JW Library® app. This helps people to get some of the gospel in their native language.

6 The spiritual food that the faithful and discreet slave provides to us, people from many countries who speak pure languages, benefit. One way we show appreciation for what the faithful slave does is by donating to support the preaching work we are doing worldwide. Because of such contributions, and the efforts of our brothers, we have been able to publish Bible literature in more than 1,100 languages.

7 Today, although people in the world say

3. Today, the ten Jews and the men mentioned in Zechariah's prophecy represent whom?

4.When Christ appointed the faithful and discreet slave in 1919, what did they realize they needed to do?

5-6. How is Isaiah 2:2-4 being fulfilled today? (See also the picture.)

7. How does the prophecy of Zechariah and John affect us in view of its fulfillment? (Revelation 14:6)

SEPTEMBER 2026 15

People from many countries benefit from the spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave (See paragraphs 5-6)

The angels help us to preach the gospel to all people on earth, nations and tribes and languages and peoples. (Read Revelation 14:6.) The prophecies of Zechariah and John, when we look at how they are being fulfilled today, make us strongly believe that all the prophecies in the Bible are fulfilled.

He gave the disciples of Jesus the ability to speak in a language they had never heard before (Acts 2:4-10) Why did he do that? because he wanted the disciples to tell the crowds about the great works of God in their own native language. (Acts 2:11) Today, we have books and videos that we translate into many languages to witness to people.

9 It is very important that people hear the gospel in their native language. for you, let us look at this comparison. let us say that you are traveling to another country, and you have a serious illness, so you need to see a doctor. but the sad thing is, you do not understand the doctor's language, so you will need someone to explain what the doctor is saying.

The work that Jehovah is doing in our time

8 At Pentecost 33 C.E., Jehovah performed a miracle to show us that, just as he changed the language of all people at Babel, he will

8. What miracle did Jehovah do at Pentecost 33?

9. How can we witness to people whose language we do not understand?

16 OWN-ABAN

comfort and hope. there is a cure for their problems in the bible. so even if we meet someone who speaks a different language, we can use the bible to help them find comfort and hope. what helps us to do this is that we have books, videos and more in many popular languages.

10 How can we use our popular books and the JW Library app to help people? Let us look at an experience that Robert, who speaks English, had once when he was witnessing on the street, he met a man from Türkiye who was working on a border. The man did not speak English well, so Robert gave him a copy of the Good News from God! booklet in Turkish. Robert was very knowledgeable about the content of the booklet, so he was able to show him some popular sections to read. He also asked the man about what was going on in Turkey, and Robert used the JW Library app to help him get answers in Turkish. It surprised the man so much that he said: Hey, this sounds like my native language! Robert said: We talked for about an hour. At the end of the conversation, he realized that the Bible is a very valuable book, and he can use its information in his life. It is a great opportunity to help people understand the Bible in their native language.

11 If you give a leaflet to someone, or show them something to read on the website jw.org in their native language, you will be amazed at the benefits that can come from it.

10-11. what can we learn from the experience of a brother named Robert? what can we learn from the experience in the box

Lub Neej huam tshab Qab Ntut Tshiab thiab Tsoom

He was happy but he got hope

Youa was a woman who had moved from her hometown to the United States, and her life was not very good for her. She did not speak English; she spoke Hmong only. Her husband did not allow her to read any book, even the Bible. She says: And I met with joy and peace. One day, a sister who speaks English sent her a tract called Living in a New World in Peace in Hmong. She kept the leaflet in her belongings for many years. She often read it, but she did not let her husband know later. Soon one of her parents discovered the truth, and she took Youa to a study in Hmong. They arranged for someone to start a Bible study with her. The leaflet she received in her native language helped her to know Jehovah, and she began to serve him.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17

THE RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE on the earth to know the name of Jehovah

12 People have begun to translate the Bible today.* The translators of the Bible have put themselves to work so that as many people as possible can get it in their native language. That is why today we can all learn the word of God in our native language. A few years ago, one book that has helped to unite Jehovah's people around the world is the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures. For you, listen to what an elder in Nepal said about this translation of the Bible. He said: Every time I read this Bible in my native language, I feel that Jehovah himself is speaking to me. It has brought me closer to Jehovah, and my trust in him has also increased.We have translated the New World Translation, in whole or in part, into more than 300 languages. Since Jehovah's servants around the world use this translation of the Bible, we all agree. And even though we each speak different languages, we all teach the same Bible message. Because the translation we use is consistent and clear. (1 Cor. 1:10) However, there are many other things in this translation of the Bible that also make it sleepy.

13 Not all available translations contain God's name Jehovah. However, the New World Translation

* About 150 years before the birth of Christ, all the Hebrew Scriptures were translated into Greek; it is called the Greek Septuagint.

12. How has the New World Translation helped Jehovah's people?

13. Why is God's name not in many translations of the Bible?

In the past 100 years, it was very easy to find the name of Jehovah in ordinary translations of the Bible, especially the Hebrew Scriptures. However, the clergy of Christendom who claim to represent God, do not use the divine name Jehovah. Also, they do not want people to know, and the name has been removed. For example, the clergy of the Catholic Church have removed the divine name from all their Bibles and sacred books.* The same is true of many churches. However, the New World Translation of the Bible, regardless of the language in which it has been translated, wherever the divine name Jehovah appears, has been restored. Why is it important for people to know God's name? Let us see.

14 The Bible highlights the importance of knowing and using God's name. For example, the book of Psalms says that we should praise Jehovah's name. (Ps. 135:1) Jesus also, while teaching his disciples how to pray to Jehovah, said: Thy name be sanctified. Another time, he prayed: Mother, let your name be known. (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) The apostle Paul also quoted the prophet Joel saying: Whoever calls on the Bible name of Jehovah will have life. (Rom. 10:13) But how will they obey this command?

15 Most of Jehovah's Witnesses in

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI issued a decree in the Catholic Church that the name of God should not be used during church services, singing or praying. See also the October 1, 1997, issue of The Watchtower, pp. 16-18, pp. 4-8.

14. Why is it important for people to know and use God's name?

15. How do we feel about God's name, Jehovah?

18 OWN-ABAN

the world today has a Bible that we have translated well in their native language. that allows us to praise God's great name, and we see the importance of trusting in him. we are very happy to know God's name and what it means.

16 The Bible has foretold that soon, Jehovah and the kings of all the earth will judge. (Rev. 16:14) By that time, those who know Jehovah and trust in him, Jehovah will protect them. (Psalm 9:10; read John 17:3) But those who do not acknowledge Jehovah as their Father and their God, when the time comes for Jehovah to judge, they will come to know that he is the Sovereign of all things. 38:23) At that time, Jehovah's servants will be very happy, because they know Jehovah as their friend who will save them!

16. Why is this time so important for people to know Jehovah? (John 17:3)

17 We have a great privilege to contribute to the fulfillment of the prophecy in Zechariah 8:23. It is not only our brothers that we have the opportunity to work with them, but also the angelic hosts in heaven. Jehovah is using them to help us to preach the good news to all people who speak pure languages everywhere on earth. Everything we need to preach the good news to people of all nations and tribes and languages is also given to us by Jehovah. So let us make an effort to use these things well. That will help many people to serve our God, Jehovah, who has compassion and patience, and he is patient among people. Until the name of Jehovah is sanctified, let us share in the good news, and let us make his name known to all people.

17. What privilege has Jehovah given us?

What do you think?

■ Who are the ten Jews mentioned in Zechariah 8:23?

■ What has made it possible for all people who speak the pure language to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why is it important for people to know and use the name of Jehovah?

Song 57 We preach the Good News to all people

November 23-29, 2026

Song 107 Example of Love

What is the importance of education?

The priesthood arrangement that Jehowa made, how it helps us to approach him.

How the priesthood system shows us that Jehovah loves us

Every high priest who is removed from the people, he is appointed a priest to represent the people.

ONIPA needs help! Whether we like it or not, we all need help. Why? Because we are all sinners. Because we are born with sin, humans have separated from God. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) Because of sin, it seems that a great chasm has fallen between us and God, and if no one helps us, we cannot survive ourselves. If Jehovah is not in our lives, we will not have any good joy in life. Moreover, we will not have any hope, and we will cope with the same. What does Jehovah do to help us?

2 Jehovah has done something to save us from evil; that is the priesthood system. This system helped the ancient Israelites, and the early Christians also benefited from it. This system is still in effect today. In this article, we will consider how the faithful women and men of old benefited from the priesthood system. We will also look at how the priesthood system helps us today, and how it will help us in the future. In particular, we will look at how the priesthood system shows us how much love Jehovah has for us.

1. Why do all people need help so much?

2. What will we discuss in this article?

20

Sin has created a great divide between us and Jehovah; the priesthood system has become a bridge for us to approach him (See paragraph 3)

The Council of Ministers of the State of Israel

3 The reason why Jehovah appointed a High Priest for the nation of Israel was explained by the apostle Paul. (Read Hebrews 5:1) Jehovah wanted to help the Israelites to draw near to him. The High Priest was someone who "represents men in the service of God".

4 The priests helped the Israelites to take two main ways to worship Jehovah in a way that pleases him. First, the priests represented God in teaching the people. How did they do it? Malachi 2:7 says: "The mouth of the priest must protect knowledge, and the people must seek the law from him. They explained it clearly and helped the people to understand what they were reading. This helped the Israelites to be able to practice God's law, and to approach him.Neh 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Secondly, the priests helped the people to have a good relationship with Jehovah. How did they do it? They offered animals to cover the sins of the nation. The Israelites knew that they always made mistakes and needed forgiveness. (Ps 51:9) That is why Jehovah gave them priests to offer animal sacrifices for them.

3. As Hebrews 5:1 shows, how did the priests help the Israelites to draw near to Jehovah? (See also the picture.)

4. What did the priests do for the Israelites to represent God?

5. How did the priests in Israel help the people to have a good relationship with Jehovah? What does this teach us about Jehovah?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

love, compassion, he cares for his servants, and in the end, he wants them to live forever.

HOW JEHOVAH HAD THE WORK in the past, HOW HE HAD THEIR WORK today, HOW HE HAD THEIR WORK DAY

6 The heart of Jehovah is that there will always be peace between him and his servants. In the past, even before Israel became a nation, the heads of families often sacrificed for themselves and their families. For example, after Noah left the ark, he offered sacrifices to thank Jehovah. (Gen. 8:20) Abraham also built an altar and offered sacrifices to Jehovah on it. (Gen. 12:7, 8) Job also offered burnt offerings for his children. (Job 1:5) That is why in the Bible, some priests were called even before the Levites were to become priests in Israel. Jehovah told the Israelites that the priests or heads of families who come before Jehovah daily should keep themselves clean, so that Jehovah would not kill them.Ex 19:22.

7 The first person mentioned in the Bible as a priest was Melchizedek. (Gen. 14:18) He was also a king. Jehovah promised that when the Messiah came, he would reign as a priest like Melchizedek, and mankind would benefit from his kingdom forever.

8 As we have already seen, when Jehovah made the Israelites his people, he gave them a priesthood, and he also gave them the Law of Moses. The Law told the priests how to do their work. Jehovah appointed Moses' brother Aaron as the High Priest, and he said that anyone who would serve as the High Priest or the priest would be Aaron's successor. (Ex. 40:12-15) The High Priest offered sacrifices for the nation, and the rest of the Levites also helped the priests to offer sacrifices for the individuals in the nation. This plan, it was something that would happen in the future.

9 When Jesus was baptized, he became the High Priest in Jehovah's great spiritual temple. (Heb. 8:1) Later, Jesus sacrificed his perfect life once for all to atone for our sins.The sacrifices that the priests offered for the Israelites were nowhere near the sacrifice of Jesus. 1:3, 4; 2:9) When they are raised to heaven, they will work together with God and Christ to help obedient people reach perfection and make the earth a paradise. We look forward to the time when they will complete that work!

10 From ancient times, Jehovah has used the priesthood system to enable his servants to draw near to him and have a good relationship with him.The sacrifices made by the priests made the Israelites know that they needed the ransom.During the Millennial Reign of Christ, Jesus and the 144,000 will continue to serve as priests until he helps everyone return to perfection.How does this arrangement help us to draw near to Jehovah?Let us look at some of them.

6. In the past, what was the role of the heads of families that was similar to that of the priests?

7. Who is Melchizedek, and how is he like the Messiah?

8. What was the arrangement for the priesthood in the Mosaic Law?

9-10. Who will rule with Jesus during the Millennial reign?

22 OWN-ABAN

HOW the priesthood teaches us to worship Jehovah

11 The priesthood system shows that Jehoshaphat wants us to be close to him and make close friendships with him. Although sin has separated us from Jehoshaphat, he wants us to be reconciled to him very much. Jehovah wants us to be close to him, accept us, make friends with him and give us eternal life. (2 Cor. 5:18) He knows that we do not want to be friends with him; it is our grandfather Adam who came to speak to us. He feels sorry for our matter, and he wants to help us to reconcile with him.

12 Jesus also wants us to take strong counsel from Jehovah. Since Jesus is the Chief Counsellor, he serves as an Advocate at the Father's side for us. (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25.) When Jesus prays for you, what things might he look at? Maybe he will look at where you come from, your upbringing, your health and the pain you may have gone through. He will also look at your good character, how faithful you are to Jehovah. Because Jesus knows that we pray for forgiveness, he knows all of it. So we can have confidence that, if Jesus prays for us, Jehoi will listen, because his mercy is abundant, and he is willing to forgive sins. (Ps 86:5) In fact, it is Jehovah who gave Jesus to us to have children for us.

13 The priesthood system shows that,

11. How does the priesthood system show that Jehoiada wants us to approach him and be friends with him?

12. How does it comfort us to know that Jesus is the High Priest and intercedes for us? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also pictures.)

13. According to Hebrews 4:16, what other benefit does the priesthood system provide?

When our High Priest Jesus prays for us, he looks at our good behavior, how we are faithful to Jehovah, our prayers for forgiveness, and our efforts to do what is right (See paragraph 12)

Jehovah wants us to talk to him from our heart. (Read Hebrews 4:16) Because of the role of Jesus as High Priest, we can pray to Jehovah from our heart whenever we want. When Jehovah sees that what is in our heart is what we are talking about to him, it makes him happy. When we do this, we show that we believe in him and trust in him. Because he loves us, and our story is his story.

14 The priesthood system shows us that Jehovah wants us to live forever. (Ezek. 33:11) The sacrifices that God's servants used to offer in the past, could not cover their sins completely. (Heb. 7:19) Rather, it was the fulfillment of the sacrifice that Christ Jesus will offer in the future. Because of Jesus' sacrifice, God can forgive our sins completely. It also gives us the hope that if we serve Jehovah faithfully, we will get eternal life. We are very happy that Jehovah will grant us eternal life through this loving provision! 1 John 4:10.

15 Those whom Jehovah has chosen to be priests alongside Jesus show that Jehovah loves us. Just as Jesus remained faithful to the death, so the anointed must remain faithful to the death. (Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) They must strive to be faithful to Jehovah in all circumstances. Since Jesus and the 144,000 are faithful, we can be assured that during the Millennium of Christ, they will gradually help us to reach perfection. In addition, they will work with Jesus to make the whole earth a paradise and to fulfill all of Jehovah's promises.

16 No matter what trouble we go through, our High Priest Jesus understands us, because when he was on earth, he suffered it. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Do you sometimes feel that you are tired of doing nothing for yourself? remember that Jesus also felt the same way? (John 4:6) Have you ever felt hungry, or thirsty for something that made you go through it all? that too, Jesus knows how it is. (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28) Because you are a Witness, do you stand up against Jehovah or are you mocked? Jesus also suffered; he lost his friend Lazarus, and it is possible that his father Joseph also left him. No matter what you are going through, no matter what has happened to you, you can be sure that our High Priest Jesus understands you and cares for you.

17 The 144,000 who will join Jesus and help mankind to reach perfection will also understand us. Why? Because at one time, they were also men and women who were sinful and imperfect like us.

14. What benefit do we get from the sacrifice of Jesus?

15. What do we know about those whom Jehovah has chosen to be priests alongside Jesus? Explain.

16. How does the verse in Hebrews 4:15 show that Jesus is fully qualified to be our High Priest?

17. How do we know that the anointed will understand us?

24th of October

Whether you think about it or suffer from it, they have all been there before. Each one of them has a different origin, culture, time they lived, and what each one of them has gone through in their lives. So whatever you are going through, it is not possible that any member of the 144,000 has gone through it.

18 The priesthood arrangement we have studied has shown us that Jehovah is loving, merciful, and understands us. Satan always accuses us, but Jehovah trusts us. (Rev. 12:10) This lesson has shown us what Jehovah has done to enable us to draw close to him and become close to him. This clearly shows that Jehovah loves us, and is willing to forgive us our sins.

19 This article has helped us to see that if we sometimes feel useless because of our sins, we can be sure that Jehovah understands us. The reason is that he knows that we are dust. (Job 103:14) However, Jehovah does not focus on our mistakes, but he looks at what is good in us, and the good things we can do in the future.

20 We have seen that what is at the heart of Jehovah is to serve him through the priesthood system in a way that pleases him. We thank Jehovah very much that he made the priesthood system for us. Because that system has become a way to bring us closer to him. So let us apply the advice in Hebrews 4:16 that says: Let us bring confidence before the throne of grace, and we will get mercy, and we will get grace that will help us in the right time.

18. What characteristic of Jehovah has the priesthood system shown us, and how does that make you feel?

19. How do we know that Jehovah understands us?

20. Why do you thank Jehovah so much for the priesthood arrangement, and what are you determined to do?

What do you think?

■ How does the priesthood system help us to serve God in a way that pleases him?

■ How has Jehovah used priests from ancient times to the present?

■ How does the priesthood program help you to draw close to Jehovah?

SONG 16 Praise Jehovah for his anointed Son

November 30-December 6, 2026

Song 22 The Kingdom is coming Let it come!

THREE things that can slowly destroy our relationship with Jehovah, we will look at how to fight them.

Watch for peace and the spirit of the world will not steal you

What is in the whole world . . . does not come from the Father.1 JOH 2:16.

THE Bible shows us that Satan is the ruler of this world. (John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) He has focused his attention on Christ's followers. (Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) However, this does not mean that wherever we are, Satan is also present. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) Even those who do not believe in the existence of Satan, if they are led by the spirit of the world, they are doing what is pleasing to Satan.

2 Many of us have been guided by the spirit of the world in the past. but when we learned who is behind that spirit, what did we do? because we want to be guided by Jehovah's spirit, we followed the Bible's advice to hate evil and the world's desires (Titus 2:11, 12)

1. How does Satan deceive people today? (1 John 2:15, 16) 2-3. (a) What makes those who love Jehovah avoid those who are guided by the spirit of the world? (b) Why should we be careful?

26

The spirit of the world is like bad air, and it is very easy to breathe (See paragraph 5)

Wherever the spirit has taken us, we still apply this Bible counsel. This means that we do not want to grow close to God. (James 4:7, 8) Indeed, Jehovah's servants deserve praise for our determination to fight against the spirit of the world!

3 However, because we are born in sin, we fall into sin, so we must be careful. Otherwise, the bad things that people do in the world can slowly steal us. Sadly, some who initially fought against the spirit of the world have later regained the spirit of the world. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) This article will help us to know how to avoid something like that. But let us first look at this: If the Bible speaks of the spirit of the world, what does it mean? 1 Cor. 2:12.

What is the name of HONHOM in the world?

4 The way people who do not serve God think and act, that is what the Bible calls the spirit of the world. Those who are guided by the spirit of the world are selfish. Often, such people disregard God's law. They are not ashamed to do things that God speaks against. What God wants, it does not matter to them at all; they follow what the nations want instead.1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The spirit of the world is one of the main ways that Satan uses to deceive all people on earth (Rev. 12:9).

4. What is the spirit of the world, and what are the things that make people do that?

5. How is the spirit of the world like the wind, and why should we be careful not to breathe it? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also the pictures.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

that spirit is like air. (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) Do you not think the comparison is very appropriate? Air is everywhere, but breathing bad air can make us sick.The spirit of the world is like breathing bad air; breathing it can destroy our relationship with Jehovah.In this article, we will look at what can make us breathe some of this air while we are awake.

NKA KASAFI

6 The Bible foretold that in the end times people would be proud, arrogant and unable to reach agreement with them. (2 Tim 3:1-3) Today, if you look at how people talk, do you not see that behavior? For example, sometimes when two people are discussing a matter, you watch it and it is not a matter, but it can turn into a quarrel or quarrel; we often hear reports about such things on TV or radio. Today, whether you meet an adult or a child, just judgment and speech (Eph 5:3, 4) If it is not the spirit of the world that drives people to behave like this, then what?

7 As Christians, whether we are talking to someone on the phone or face to face, we must always keep our mouths sweet. (James 1:26, 27) We can ask ourselves the following questions to see how our mouths are: If I am with others, especially those who do not know that I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses, and when I am angry, what do I say? When I am talking to brothers and sisters, do I say hurtful or hurtful things to them? What about my relatives, do I say something to them? If I ask them how their mouths are, what will they say?

8 When we see that the spirit of the world is about to corrupt our tongue, what should we do? we must make changes quickly. however, it is not just our tongue that we should watch out for. why? Jesus said: What comes out of a person's mouth comes from the heart, and those things are what make a person unclean. (Matt. 15:18) Jesus' words show us that what comes out of our mouth reveals what is in our heart. that is why the Bible says, (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) You can also do research in our popular books, and you will find many information that will help you.Be careful, you will not let the spirit of the world destroy your behavior or speech.

Let's stay away from the BRAFI

9 Today, because the spirit of the world guides people, they do what Jehovah hates. Pregnancy, homosexuality, and prostitutes are said to be harmless. (Isaiah 5:20) So if we are not careful, things that Jehovah hates, the spirit of the world will gradually influence us.

6. How does the spirit of the world make people speak?

7. What will help us to know how our tongue is?

8. What will help us to keep our tongue sweet? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. What has the spirit of the world taught people about what Jehovah hates?

28th of October

has made us happy. (2 Cor. 11:3) We may even think that those who do so have lost their minds, and the Bible is gone. But all of it is deceitful! Whatever Jehovah tells us to do, it helps us ourselves. Jehovah's ways are higher than our ways, and his word never passes. Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

10 If we want to please Jehovah, then we must also hate what he hates. (Ps 97:10) To help us do that, we must ask ourselves:

11 What Jehovah hates, does something tempt you to do? If so, do not rush to feel that you will never be able to live according to Jehovah's laws. Remember, no one has sinned; we all fall into sin. (Ps 51:5; 103:14) But if you want to do so, you will follow your own desires to do evil. (Eph 2:3) Also, you should not let bad desires dominate your mind. Even if you decide to do something that Jehovah hates, you can quickly remove it from your mind and heart. 39:9, 12) If you follow your desires to do something bad, how it will destroy your relationship with Jehovah and others, think about it, and that will make you decide not to let something like that happen. (Eph 5:5) Be assured, Jehovah will also help you and you can pursue evil.

10. What will help us to know that we hate what Jehovah hates?

11. What will help us to hate what Jehovah hates?

Watch out for Asia on the Internet

12 For many of us, the Internet plays a very important role in our daily lives. Some of the things we do in our religion are also on the same Internet. However, most of the things on the Internet are directed by those who are guided by the world spirit. For example, pornography is common on the Internet, and it is easy for both adults and children to watch it. People often use pornographic images and videos to connect to the Internet, especially teenagers. Also, many of the information on the Internet are lies and deceit. Not only that, but what is going on in people's lives, and what they have accomplished, photos and videos are used to gather in media.

13 Anything on the Internet that can consume us a lot of time, or ruin our minds, we must watch out for. To help us do that, we can ask ourselves: If I am not using the Internet for a specific reason that is important, how much time am I spending on it? (Eph 5:15, 16) If I continue to use it, what are these things that I watch for? If I see something wrong there, am I quick to turn away? (Dw. 119:37) Everything I see or say about it, I just believe in it, or believe in it?

12. How is the world's spirit manifested on the Internet?

13. How can we make sure that we use the Internet properly?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

I patiently search for the truth? Proverbs 14:15.

14 If we can fight against the world's spirit, we must control the amount of time we spend on the Internet. Furthermore, we should not watch anything that is not appropriate for a Christian. Furthermore, the things that children watch on social media, parents should keep their eyes on them very much. (Eph 6:4) Research shows that young people who spend a lot of time on the Internet are most likely to become lonely or suffer from depression.

14. How can we avoid the dangers of the Internet?

WUBETUMI ADI NKONIM!

15 If you see that the spirit of the world has taken you away, take action quickly. for you, let us look at Gloria.* When she was young and learned the truth, she made a name for herself in the world and money deceived her. she says: I wanted to be rich, so I started studying, and it was not long before the worship of Jehovah left me. At some point, Gloria realized that the spirit of the world had set that goal on her. What did she do about it? she says: I started spending a lot of time in private study, and I started praying a lot.

* The names in this article have been changed.

15. What do you learn from Gloria's experience? (See also pictures.)

What can you do to fight the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15)

30th of October

Also, I broke up with those who did not serve Jehovah. Now I am happy because I have a good relationship with Jehovah. I am happy that I have separated myself from the spirit of the world, and Jehovah is guiding me.

16 Let us also look at Robert. When he was in school, he did not make good friends. He also used inappropriate things to entertain himself. At the end of the day, he used drugs, drank alcohol, and slept with men. He says: I felt that anything that would make me happy could be done. But he realized that it was not a freedom he had, but the world had made him a slave. (2 Pet. 2:19) What did he do about it? Robert says: Now only those who love me are my friends. I have changed my lifestyle; how I prepare myself and even how I talk to Jehovah, how do I feel about him? Now how does Robert feel? He says: When I wake up every morning and realize that the way I live now is pleasing to Jehovah, it calms my heart, and the joy it brings me, I cannot compare anything to it.

17 What has this article helped us to see? we have learned that we must fight against the spirit of the world. what will help us to do that is to keep our mouths sweet, to avoid lifestyle, and to be cautious when using the Internet. although the spirit of the world is strong, it should not make us afraid, we can fight against it. the reason for this is that the power of Satan and this wicked world is very limited when compared to Jehovah. (Read 1 John 4:4.) (Luke 11:13) Let us all be strongly determined to fight against the spirit of the world, and let Jehovah's holy spirit guide us!

16. What have you learned from Robert's experience?

17. Why can you be sure that you can fight against the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

What do you think?

■ How can we prevent the spirit of the world from stealing us in our language?

■ How can we avoid being influenced by the spirit of the world?

■ How can we prevent the spirit of the world from stealing us while using the Internet?

SONG 124 Let us always be truthful

THE COUNTRY SAYS the Kingdom of JEHOVAH

September 2026 Vol. 147, No. 10 TWI

What is in your heart?

The topic to be discussed November 2-8 2

Be assured that Jehovah will protect you

The topic to be discussed November 9-15 8

How we will obey Jehovah with all our heart

The topic to be discussed November 16-22 14

We are preaching the gospel in all the languages of the world

The topic to be discussed November 23-29 20

How the priesthood system shows us that Jehovah loves us

The article we will study November 30 December 6 26

Watch for peace and the spirit of the world will not steal you

Some Bible verses

Let the peace of Christ be in your hearts

Colossians chapter 3 verse 15 speaks of the peace of Christ. What peace is it? It is the satisfaction that a person gets because he is a disciple of Christ.

The Apostle Paul encouraged the brothers in the Colossean congregation not to let this peace prevail in their hearts or rule in their hearts. how would they do it? the Greek word Paul used is like the word used to describe a referee standing in a game. just as the referee has power over a game, so we must let the peace of Christ also have power over our minds and hearts.

For example, if a dispute arises between us and a fellow Christian, we must let the peace of Christ show us what to do. If we let the peace of Christ reign in our hearts, it will help us know what to do to maintain peace and unity among our brothers and sisters.

This book is not for sale. We use it to do a worldwide Bible teaching work. People give voluntary donations to support the work. If you want to donate, please go to donate.jw.org.

All the Bible texts in this book are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless we indicate that they are from another source.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the website jw.org in English, or click on this link

JW.ORG ®

w26.09-TW