June 2026

THE COUNTRY SAYS the Kingdom of JEHOVAH

NOTE: August 10th September 6th, 2026

August 10-16, 2026

DOOM 122 You have no idea, you have no idea!

NOTE: No matter what trials we face, no matter what, we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah.

When we face trials, how can we remain faithful to Jehovah?

Lord, to whom should we go? You have the words of eternal life. YOH. 6:68.

ONE time, Jesus was teaching many disciples at Capernaum. At one point, he told them: Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you. Anyone who eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise him up on the last day. (John 6:53, 54) When the disciples heard this, many of them said: These words are hot; who can listen?John 6:60.

2 Those who were deeply troubled by the matter stopped following Jesus. Do you think they did so because they had no faith? No. Shortly before this incident happened, Jesus had done something. What he did surprised the disciples so much that they said: Yes, this is the Prophet who is coming into the world. (John 6:14) So it is clear that those disciples believed in Jesus, but when something tested their faith, they stopped believing in him.

3 The apostles of Jesus stayed close to him. Jesus asked them if they also want to leave him. Peter answered: "Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life. We have believed, and we have seen that you are the Holy One

1-2. What happened while Jesus was teaching in Capernaum?

3. What did the apostles do about what Jesus said, and why? (See also the picture.)

2

Although many of the disciples stopped following Jesus, Peter and the other apostles continued to follow Jesus

(See paragraph 3)

(John 6:68, 69) When Jesus said they should eat his flesh and drink his blood, Peter and the other apostles probably did not understand well, but they decided to continue following Jesus.

4 Even though we are serving Jehovah, some things can happen to test our integrity. For example, how do we understand a scripture or how do we do the ministry, how do we react when the brothers taking the lead change? or if we face a very serious problem, we may say, why has Jehovah not stopped us?

4. What are these things that can test us?

5 We need very strong faith to be able to stand the test. For example, let us say that someone wants to build a building on a site that is frequently shaken by earthquakes. If the foundation is not strong and an earthquake occurs, the building will collapse. We too, in a problem like the one mentioned in the four verses, we need to make our faith very strong and if it happens to us, we can endure it. If we continue to strengthen our faith, no matter what difficulties come to us, we will stand firm and continue to be faithful to Jehovah.1 Cor 15:58; read Colossians 1:23.

6 Many of the disciples of Jesus stopped believing in him, but the apostles did not. what helped them? the apostles strongly believed that Jehovah is worthy of worship, since he created all things. also, they believed that Jesus is the Son of God,

5. explain why we need strong faith (Colossians 1:23)

6. Why did the apostles not stop following Jesus?

June 2026

3

He was the one who had the words of eternal life.Better that day, they knew that Jehovah supported Jesus in everything.In this time, instead of talking about the different problems we might face, let us focus on three basic truths.This will help us to stand firm regardless of any problem we may face.The truths we will talk about are as follows: (1) Jehovah created all things. (2) Jehovah inspired the writers of the Bible. (3) Jehovah supported the people. (3) If we believe all these truths deeply, there is no problem that can stop us from serving Jehovah.

JEHOVAH is the Creator of all things

7 Read Revelation 4:11. This scripture reminds us that Jehovah created all things. This very fact shows us that he is worthy of our worship. Also, if we consider the great power he has, it gives us confidence that he can cut us off if we encounter trials. But we have been used by Satan to deceive people into thinking that there is no God. Some scientists even say that the world and everything in it just happened. So we really need to accept that Jehovah and the Creator love us. If we do not do this and face a trial, our minds can doubt that Jehovah is not there at all, and he is not there to help us. Heb 11:6.

8 If you are getting the idea that it is not Jehovah who created it, talk about it at all. Do your research in our publications, and you will find many proofs that Jehovah created everything. You will find many similar information in the booklets Was Life Created? and The Origin of LifeFive Questions Worth Asking.

7. What does Revelation 4:11 teach us about Jehovah, but what mindset can we have when we face trials?

8-9. If you are starting to think there is no Creator, what should you do? (See also the pictures.)

Group of stars: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; fish and cars: Mercedes-Benz USA; aircraft: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

You may have read the Was Life Created? booklet before, but you can compete again (See paragraph 8)

A young woman named Jessica from the United States says: When I finished reading the Origin of Life booklet, it made me very convinced that it was created by a wise person. I already knew this topic, but when I read the booklet again, it convinced me that there is a Creator.

9 So the proof that God exists, the next private study you can use to explore further. The research you will do will help you strengthen your faith that Jehovah exists; it will also help you to know him better. (Rom. 1:20) Also, what you will study, you can use to help those who think that God does not exist.

JEHOVAH SHOULD teach the bible

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. Jehovah made the Bible be written for us. The Bible gives us answers to the most thought-provoking questions. It also reveals Jehovah's will and what he requires of us. We believe that Jehovah inspired the Bible, so there is no book that is more important than the Bible in our lives.

11 Why do we believe strongly that Jehovah

10. Why is the Bible so important to us? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. What makes you strongly believe that the Bible was written by God?

and inspired them to write the Bible? we have plenty of evidence. for example, all the historical events that the Bible describes are true. (Luke 3:1, 2) It is also accurate when it speaks of creation. (Job 26:7) Although Satan has tried to destroy the Bible, his efforts have been in vain. why? because there is no book on earth that has been translated into more languages and is more widely available than the Bible. 13: 20; 15:21; Matt 7: 12) Moreover, many prophecies in the Bible have been fulfilled. This is also evidence that we can trust the Bible. (Josh. 23:14) Yes, there is no doubt that the Bible was written by God!

12 If at times our minds doubt that the Bible is not at all from God, what should we do? we must talk about it to Jehovah and do our best to investigate it. let us look at a young brother named Jordan who was raised in the truth by his parents. he says:

12. What should we do if we sometimes doubt that the Bible is not from God?

June 2026

5

Jehovah's Witnesses are unique because they are united by love and unity (See paragraph 16)

I am convinced. If we continue to look for evidence that Jehovah inspired the Bible, it will strengthen our faith.1 Cor 3:12, 13.

Jehovah Hates His People

13 Sometimes a servant of Jehovah may ask, Is it true that the worship of Jehovah's Witnesses is sincerity? If you have such an opinion, talk about it; do something about it quickly. You can ask yourself the following questions: Who are the ones who are trying the hardest to apply the Bible's advice in their lives? What is the religion that all their teachings are based on the Bible? (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) Who are doing Jehovah's will today?Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 Jesus said that the good news of the Kingdom would be preached all over the world in the last days.

13. Even if our minds are beginning to think that Jehovah's Witnesses are not religious, what should we do?

14. What are Jehovah's Witnesses doing to fulfill Matthew 24:14?

The answer is very simple. It is clear that God is doing the preaching work through Jehovah's Witnesses. We are the only ones preaching the good news of God's Kingdom in more than 240 countries. We have been doing this work for over 100 years.

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:10. God's name, Jehovah, is upon us, and we are proud to be called Jehovah's Witnesses. Most people in the world do not know that name, but we have reinserted it wherever it should be in the Bible.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. Today, when you look at the world, there is hatred and division

15. What have Jehovah's Witnesses done to help sanctify God's name? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Why can we say that the command in John 13:34, 35 is carried out by Jehovah's Witnesses? (See also the picture.)

6 OWN-ABAN

But for Jehovah's Witnesses, we are unique because we are united by love and unity. We come from different countries and we speak many different languages, and we each have different cultures. But we try to keep peace and love between us. Whether we ask or you have ever traveled to study somewhere else? If so, then you have seen that love and unity are very much among brothers and sisters. All this proves that, indeed, Jehovah is doing his will through his Witnesses today. If we think about this matter, no matter the trials we meet, we can be faithful to Jehovah.

NOTHING YHWH hates never believes

17 We are living in the end times, so things will be very difficult for all of us. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) In addition to this, we may also face other problems. For example, the congregation of Jehovah may make a decision, or give us guidance that we do not understand.

18 In all these circumstances, we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah. Why? Because we believe that Jehovah is the Creator, who inspired the Bible to be written, and who persecutes his people. Therefore, in the following words Peter said to Jesus, we can also say something to Jehovah: Where should we go? You have the words of eternal life.

17-18. What problems can we face, and what can we say with confidence?

PAGE 6: A mother and her daughter are on a bus journey, and they are happy to see some of their fellow Witnesses doing the ministry.

If we have to do something, what is the effect of alcohol on the body?

■ Jehovah created all things

■ Jehovah inspired the writing of the Bible

■ Jehovah supports his people

DWOM 123 Submit to God's organization

August 17-23, 2026

Song 90 Encourage each other

What can we do if misunderstandings or problems arise between us and our siblings?

What will keep us close to our brothers

Wear compassion, kindness, humility, mildness, and patience.

NOW, we need great comfort in this wicked world. Jehovah knows that our friends can overcome us. Remember those words? That is the beginning of our song

2 The friendship we want to make with our brothers should not be a simple one; rather, it should be something that takes the wind away from us. However, we must remember that such friendship is not free; there is work involved. We are a family that loves Jehovah and Jesus, and that love is what has united us. (John 13:35) Also, because the trees are near and close, two people who have bad friendships can sometimes have disagreements.

3 The truth is, it is not always that we will love some people more than others. Why? because we may have liked some of their characteristics, or things they like, that is what we also like. But some of them may be difficult for us to make friends with. Sometimes we do not agree with them, and that can lead to disagreements. Maybe we are different and they are very different, so it may be difficult to visit them or meet them. Sometimes we may have a serious illness or a problem with a Christian friend. When that happens, it may be difficult to make friends with them. In this article, we will look at how

1. Where can we find good friends? 2. How should we treat our friendship with our brothers? 3. Why can it be difficult to maintain friendship with our brothers?

8

The example of Jesus can help us when conflicts arise between us and our brothers.

SUBAN PA A BETUMI FOLLOWING to his family's health

4 If we want to keep our friendship with our brothers strong, we must focus on their good qualities. If we associate with our brothers, it will help us to see their good qualities. The apostle Paul wanted to visit his brothers and sisters and associate with them. For example, he wrote to the Thessalonians: We have done everything we can to meet you personally. (1 Thess. 2:17) Some have found that what makes their friendship very successful is that they meet face to face to talk. So if we go to the ministry, meetings or meetings, it can give us the opportunity to associate with our brothers and sisters. However, if there is a dispute between us and our siblings, perhaps the mere association with them will not solve the problem.

5 When disputes arise between us and our brothers and sisters, good character can help us to resolve them. (Read Colossians 3:12.) If we show humility, patience, kindness, and compassion, any problem that arises between us and our brothers and sisters will be solved well. Just as oil makes a car work well, so can good character help us to resolve any disagreement that arises between us and our brothers and sisters. Let us consider three problems that can make it difficult to maintain peace with our brothers and sisters. In each of them, we will look at how to imitate Jesus' humility, patience, kindness and compassion. This will help us to continue to live beautifully with our brothers and sisters.

When you're with someone you need to know

6 Why can it lead to problems? if two people disagree on a matter, you will look at it and perhaps each of them believes that their opinion is good. Let us say that two brothers are planning a field service for their field group. This means we do it like it used to be, this also means we do it like it. Each of them thinks that their opinion is better than the other one. This would not be an issue, but you do not see that their opinion can lead to problems and ruin their relationship?

7 Follow Jesus' example of humility. Jesus taught his disciples that, when they disagree on a matter, humility can help them to resolve it. His disciples often argued about who was the greatest among them. This quality was very important to them. So Jesus taught them that, if they could eliminate it, they needed to be humble and consider others superior to them. (Matthew 20:25-28) Even the day before Jesus died, he made an example for his disciples; he humbled himself and washed their feet.

4. What do we do to keep our friendship with our brothers strong?

5. What will help us to resolve any disagreement between us and our brothers?

6. If you disagree with someone on a matter, what problems can it cause?

7. How did Jesus help his disciples to see that when they disagree on a matter, they need to be humble?

June 2026 9

If you humble yourself, the small disputes that arise between you and your siblings, you will ignore them and willingly forgive them for their mistakes.

(See paragraph 8)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) Jesus did this to show them that if they do, it will not destroy their relationship with others.

8 What can you do to maintain good relations with your brothers and sisters? if you are humble, you will overlook the small disputes that arise between you and your brothers and sisters and you will be willing to forgive them. (Read Colossians 3:13.) When you disagree with someone on a matter, humility will help you not to become angry. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself,

9 If you have done anything to reconcile your differences, continue to be humble. Don't insist that you are the sweetest person in your relationship. (Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Make sure that nothing destroys your relationship. For example, what many brothers and sisters do is go to the person to reconcile. (Ps. 34:14) So, if you go to the person you met, you can say something like: We became friends today; we should not let this happen to us. Let us see how we feel and not get there. Let him know that some of you have caused this, and when you have done something that hurts, accept and forgive him. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember, you did not go there to teach what is sweet, and what

8. If small disputes arise between you and your siblings, how will humility help you to maintain good relations with them? (Colossians 3:13) (See also the pictures.)

9. If you can't resolve any issues, how will humility help you? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 OWN-ABAN

His words are not sweet. Instead you went to reconcile and strengthen your friendship. Proverbs 18:24.

When it is important to know your body and mood

10 Why can it cause trouble? some brothers and sisters are different from us, so it can be difficult to make friends with them. some of them, the way they do some things, annoy us. others, perhaps some of them did not get along well with them, or because of their upbringing and culture, they do not get along with people, or they are overly attracted to each other. some of them are very different in appearance; maybe we are attracted to people, but others are attracted to something.

11 Follow Jesus' patience. Jesus was able to make friends with people of different personalities. For example, the patriarch James and the apostle John once asked Jesus to give them a higher position in his Kingdom. This shows that he was respected by the people. (Mark 10:35-37) However, as we speak, Jesus left the greater position and many ways he wanted to have in heaven to come to earth. (Philippians 2:5-8) We see that the character of the two deaf people was very different than that of Jesus. In all this, Jesus continued to have patience with James and John and others.

12 Jesus did not expect his apostles to do the same things to them at all times. He knew that the thought of James and John was shared by most of the disciples. (Mark 9:34) Jesus understood them, because the place where we raised them was also where he grew up.

13 What can you do to maintain good relations with your brothers and sisters? If our brothers and sisters have a character that we do not like, we must continue to have patience with them. (Prov. 14:29) We all have characteristics. Many of us have characteristics that may not be bad; but those characteristics make each one of us different. So how we feel, when others do not oppose us themselves, makes us happy. (Read Ephesians 4:2) Therefore, we too, if others have a character and it is bad for us, we must continue to hate them. For example, look at how difficult it is for someone who is silent or cheerful to talk to others, or talk to them. For this reason, if someone else wants to talk or have fun with them, we must have patience with them.

14 If we have patience, it will help us to focus on the good qualities of our brothers and sisters. If we do this, it will not be difficult for us as our brothers and sisters of different backgrounds, to make friends with them.

10. What can make it difficult to make friends with our siblings?

11. How could Jesus make friends with people of different personalities?

12. What helped Jesus to have patience with his disciples?

13. How will patience help us to maintain good relations with our brothers? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. If we have patience, what will we focus on?

JUNE 2026 11

Good friends comfort their brothers and sisters and show kindness to them (See paragraph 19)

large, but what they did shows that they believed that the Kingdom was there. Jesus saw that they had faith. So we too, when we look at the good qualities of our brothers, we are imitating Jesus and his Father Jehovah.

15 If we can continue to have friendships with our brothers and sisters of different personalities, the most important thing is to pray to Jehovah for help. If someone shows a quality that may offend you, pray about it and ask Jehovah to give you patience if something like this happens. Remember that Jehovah created us, and he knows how each one of us is. So when you pray, be assured that Jehovah knows what will help you to continue to have patience with your brothers and sisters.

WHEN we see peace

16 Why can it cause trouble?

When we are angry, some words or actions can make us angry. For example, they may be quiet, or they are just getting angry, or they will suddenly do something we do not understand. or they may say or do something that hurts us deeply. (Job 6:2, 3) What our brothers are going through, we may not know all of it, so we may not be able to express ourselves or hurt them.

17 imitate Jesus' kindness and compassion. Jesus had compassion for those who were suffering, and he did something to help them; even those he had never met before. take the example of a blind man named Bartimaeus. At one time, he was sitting on the side of the road and he heard that Jesus was passing by; there he began to shout out in order to get Jesus' attention. Some people who were there told him to be quiet, but what they were saying was behind him. However, his words made Jesus feel sorry for him (Matt 20:34; Mark 10:46-52)

15. If we can continue to make friends with our brothers and sisters who have different personalities, who can help us?

16. If our brothers are suffering or being persecuted, what trouble can it cause?

17. What do you learn from the way Jesus helped a blind man named Bartimaeus?

12 OWN-ABAN

Bartimeo's heart was calm, and he praised him for having faith in him.

18 What can you do to maintain good relations with your brothers and sisters? Have compassion. If you have this quality, you can comfort those who are suffering or suffering. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember that a close friend is always there for their loved ones, especially when they are suffering. (Proverbs 17:17) A friend like that is not only compassionate towards those who are suffering.

19 What specific things can we do to show kindness and compassion? Although we cannot remove the suffering of a sibling, we can empathize with him and do something to help him calm down a bit (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) When he talks about his problem, listen to him, and if it is possible, try to give him some comfort. (Prov. 12:25) Don't think that you will understand everything he is going through. (Prov. 18:13) Try to be patient with him, and look for a way to say or do what is right.

20 We are very happy to have many good friends in the congregation. but we all have bad things, and many of us have gone through painful lives, so sometimes we can say or do something to later regret. so if we do something to hurt our brothers and sisters and they ignore them, they are patient with us, they are compassionate to us, they are kind to us, and they continue to take our friends, it makes us very happy. so let us all encourage each other to be good friends.

20. What kind of friend do you want to be?

18. What can you do to help your brothers who are suffering? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. How can we show kindness and compassion? (See also pictures.)

PAGE 10: A blind brother and a younger brother are discussing how to work in a field, but they do not agree.

WHAT YOU WILL DO to your health and wellbeing . . .

when you disagree with them on a matter?

when your personality is different from that of a sibling?

when a sibling is suffering?

DWOM 124

We will always be truthful

August 24-30, 2026

Song 65 Go ahead!

What is the importance of education?

How our ministry team helps us.

How the Ministry Group Program Helps Us

I praise Jehovah with all my heart at the audience meeting. DW. 111:1.

DO YOU remember the day when the elders agreed to you to be a publisher? on that day, we believe you were very happy, because you joined the brothers who are announcing Jehovah's name all over the world. (Ps 148:1, 2, 12, 13) On the same day, you may have joined a small group of a few brothers; that is your preaching group.

2 How do you feel about the groups that help us to preach the gospel?A sister named Wendy* says: The group that I am in has been very helpful to me.I have learned new ways to preach the gospel from my group members, to improve my teaching.In addition, the group that I am in has helped me set many goals, to reach them, and to make many good friends.A brother named Rich adds: The opportunity I have to serve as a group overseer is very valuable to me. For example, if brothers help someone to qualify for baptism, after that, the group overseer gets a special opportunity to help the person gradually progress in Jehovah's service for many years. A sister named Dinah also says: You will not be in a preaching group.

* Some names have been changed.

1-2. How do some feel about the preaching groups?

14

3 In this article, we will discuss three things. first, we will look at what the field committee overseer and his assistant do to help those in their field committee. then, we will look at what each of us can do to help his field committee. in general, we will look at how our field committee helps us.

ASENKA KUW SCIENTISTS AND AUTHORS

4 The field committee overseer is an elder of a congregation* who is appointed by the body of elders to help the brothers in his body to progress in Jehovah's service. How does he do it? First, he takes care of the individuals in his field committee? (Prov 27:23) As a shepherd who cares about his sheep, he works hard with the members of his body to see how things are going in their lives. By doing so, he makes the members of his body know that he loves them and can help them draw close to Jehovah. 2:15-17) Secondly, he helps each publisher in his group to get more involved in the ministry. He spearheads the ministry with enthusiasm and zeal, especially at the end of the week.

* In the absence of an elder, a qualified servant can be appointed to oversee the committee until an elder is appointed.The servant who oversees the committee is called a committee servant because he is not an overseer in the congregation.

3. What will we discuss in this article?

4. (a) What is the primary role of a field committee overseer? (b) What are the ways in which a field committee overseer helps his team members? (See the box entitled "What Can Help a Flock Overseer".)

What Can Help a Team Overseer

• Keep the preaching meeting short; it should not exceed seven minutes, so that the brothers can start the preaching work quickly.

• Try to go out in the field with all the members of your group; including those who for some reason do not often attend field meetings. Maybe you can go out with them at another time, or some evening.

• Visit your team members and encourage them at all times. You can visit them at their homes, the Kingdom Hall or any other place that will help. You can also call them on the phone, or write a letter to encourage them.

• Train brothers so that they can fulfill responsibilities in the congregation.

• If your group and other groups come together to hold a field meeting, your group members, you yourself must lead them to the field.

and the assistant or another qualified brother will take his place. Third, he trains baptized men to qualify for congregation responsibilities. (1 Tim 3:1) He praises the brothers in his group and gives them biblical advice.

JUNE 2026 15

He trains them to qualify as ministerial servants and elders.Because the work of a field committee overseer is very important, the elders make sure that the most qualified elder is appointed and entrusted with this task.

5 Some things can make it difficult for a committee overseer to help the members of his group as appropriate. Let us consider a brother named Jörg. He is a committee overseer in a congregation in Germany. He says: To be able to do my duties as a committee overseer, and return to all the duties he assigns to me in the congregation, it is sometimes difficult. Because of this, it is difficult for me to be able to communicate with all the members of my committee. Let us consider a 70-year-old brother named Abel. He is a congregation elder in Uganda, and he says: The elders and ministers in our congregations have a large number of members. For this reason, as much as I would like to encourage any member of my team, I can not do it.Obed, an elder in Suriname, also says: I love training others.But it takes time and effort, and sometimes it takes a long time to find the training that benefits others.For this reason, it is difficult for me to train others.

6 If possible, the preaching groups should be small, so that the overseers can get to know all the members of their group well, and help them to strengthen their faith. What if there is not enough elders in the congregation?

An elder can train a ministerial servant in his ministry group; he may be able to supervise the field meeting (See paragraph 7)

in some cases until they have an elder to sign them. If the number of publishers in the group is high, it can be difficult for the overseers of the groups to monitor their group well. The primary task of the overseers of the groups is to help their brothers and sisters to strengthen their faith. So if the groups are small, they can do their work well.

7 If you are a shepherd in a congregation with fewer elders, focus on training your assistant to help you care for God's flock well (Read 1 Peter 5:2) Give your assistant some duties. For example, sometimes you can have him watch over field meetings. You can pray with him and see what you can do to help the members of the group to progress. If you are encouraging the members of the visiting group, go with your assistant. Before you go, discuss with him what you will attend.

5. What problems do some team managers face?

6. If the preaching groups are small, how does it help the overseers?

7. In a congregation with few elders, what can overseers do to help all the members of their group? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also pictures.)

16 OWN-ABAN

If you do this, then he can also become a group overseer. (2 Tim 2:2) The experienced brothers in your group, you can also help them to train the members of the group. For example, pioneers and experienced brothers, you can get in the ministry with new ones and less experienced ones. They can help them to start conversations, and they can do return visits and Bible studies. Now, let us look at three things we can all do to help us progress in the field ministry.

BOA WASNNKKA KUW

8 Go out into the field with your team members. When you go out into the field with others, each one gets encouragement from the other. (Read Romans 1:12.) Going out in the field with someone helps you gain the courage to witness. Also, in a dangerous place, go out with someone to protect yourself. If you don't often go out into the field with your team members because of your work, you can talk to your employer and ask him to see if he can change the dates for you to go to work. He or she may arrange for you to come to a preaching meeting in zoom, and after that he or she will give you someone to testify with on the phone or write letters to testify.

Is it difficult for you to go into the ministry regularly? If so, you can schedule to go into the ministry with a member of your group every week. You may need to make changes to your priorities in life and put Jehovah's service first. (Rom 12:11; Col 4:5) If you do this, you and all the members of your group will benefit. So pray to Jehovah and ask him to give you love and strength to do it.

9 Be happy about hospitality. If we are happy about hospitality, it makes our preaching group happy. (Read Romans 12:13.) For example, we can have some preaching groups hold a preaching meeting in our home. Whether or not I think about the taste of the food, my focus is on the brothers and sisters with whom I talk and know them well.When everyone makes their way to show hospitality in the ministry group, it brings us closer to Jehovah and one another.Neh. 8:10; Acts 20:35.

10 Take steps first. If we can preach the good news and teach well, we will be happy to work with our field group regularly

8. What can you do to help your ministry team? (Romans 1:12)

9. What can we do to make our ministry group happy? (Romans 12:13)

10. If we need to improve in some aspect of the ministry, what can we do? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also pictures.)

June 2026 17

Since the ministry group is small, it allows us to know the members well, and to work with them in the ministry

(See paragraph 10)

You can also talk about it with a pioneer or an experienced publisher in your group to help you. (Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) That is what a sister named Heather did. She is shy, but she says: I asked a pioneer to help me to be able to take care of myself. I am happy to have sought help, because now I am going to the ministry that I enjoy. Clearly, there are many ways we can help our ministry group.

WHAT YOU NEED to do to help yourself

11 Spiritual help. The ministry group helps each of us in many ways. For example, through the ministry group arrangement, Jehovah provides the widows, orphans, the elderly, and the elderly with the encouragement and comfort they need, because they are very close to his heart. (1 Thess. 2:8; Jas. 1:27) When we face a problem, the committee overseer can encourage and comfort us. Also, when we go out in the ministry with our ministry group, it helps us to learn how to preach and teach well.

12 Wendy, mentioned earlier, let us look at how the preaching group arrangement helped her. she says: Because my father was not interested in the truth at all, it was often difficult for my mother to join her preaching group and go to the ministry with them at the end of the week. but for me, I was able to go. a pioneer sister who took me as her son, and she raised me well in the ministry. what I learned from her has helped me in the congregation.

13 It brings us closer to each other. When we share in the ministry with the members of our ministry group, it brings each one closer to the other (Phil. 1:27) Also, because the ministry groups are small, being shy or socially active can make it difficult.

11-12. the ministry group program, what spiritual help do we get?

13. How does the preaching group help us to stay close? (See also the picture on the front of this issue.)

18 OWN-ABAN

It is easy for him to make friends in the group. (2 Cor. 6:13) Even in bad times, such as when we are sick, we are distracted, or we are grieving the death of a loved one, these friends can become our help. (1 Thess. 5:14) We know that we need friends not only now; we will need them more in the future. (Matt. 24:21) When we face difficulties, we may not be thankful, but we know that our brothers and sisters are there for us and they will help us to cope.

14 When a disaster strikes us, they help us. If a disaster occurs, a disease breaks out, a disease destroys us, we are hated, or our finances fail, our service team members help us. If such a problem occurs, in each congregation, the Service Committee and the group overseers meet to see what can be done to help those who need special help.

15 As we have seen, the heavenly part of Jehovah's family consists of billions of faithful angels, and the earthly part consists of more than nine million people, including those in need of food. (Zech 8:23; Rev 5:11) Jehovah's servants in heaven and on earth, the most important thing is that as many people as possible hear the good news of God's Kingdom. (Rev 14:6, 7) Let us all help ourselves to benefit from the preaching organization, because it helps us to do this wholeheartedly.

14. When disasters or unexpected problems occur, how does our ministry team help us?

15. What do all servants of Jehovah need?

PHOTOS: Two sisters who are in the same preaching group are going to preach together.

What do you think?

■ What are the activities of the field director and his assistant to help their team members?

■ What can we do to help our ministry team?

■ How does the preaching group program help us?

Song 61 Witness, move forward!

August 31 SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

SONG 89 Listen to the Word of God and be blessed

What is the importance of education?

When we go to a class or meeting, the reason we should listen to the program carefully is how we will do it.

Watch How You Listen Carefully

Watch how you listen carefully. LUKA 8:18.

NOW, Jehovah gives us plenty of spiritual food. for this reason, we agree with David on this statement: Jehovah is my Shepherd. I will need nothing.Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One way that Jehovah provides us with spiritual food is by teaching us at the meetings. When we go to a meeting, there are many things we hear that are not new. However, even if our foundation is firm in the truth, we need to be reminded of them. (2 Pet. 1:12) If things we already know happen to be about the same thing, is it difficult for you to listen? If so, then this lesson will help you. It will show us why we need to listen well at other meetings. Also, those who teach in the congregation, watch how they will help to listen well. Besides that, we will look at some things we do that will help us to listen well. But first let us answer this question: Where does the education we get come from?

WHERE IS JEHOVAH?

3 Jehovah teaches us through his Word, the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this. So he was able to teach the word of God so well that even his listeners asked: How did this man know the Scriptures when he did not go to any school? (John 7:15) However, those with good hearts were happy when they heard how Jesus was teaching the word of God.

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah provide spiritual food to his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we discuss in this article?

3. How does Jehovah teach us, and how do his servants use the Bible?

20

(Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah's Witnesses, we also know that the content of our publications, broadcasting programs, the speeches we listen to and the videos we watch, are all based on the Bible. When people come to our study and see how the Bible explains them, they are amazed.

4 When the Bible uses the word

When we are studying, WHY should we listen to what is happening?

5 We attend a study that we listen to because we love Jehovah. (Matthew 22:37) As we learn about Jehovah every day, our love for him will continue to grow.

6 We attend meetings that we listen to, because we love people. (Matthew 22:39)

4. When the Bible uses the word

5. What does our love for Jehovah move us to do? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. When we go to school, what are some of the things we learn?

What will help us to listen well

When asked about what helps those who have been serving Jehovah for many years to be able to listen well during the study, they said the following:

• Suefawn, who was baptized in 1986, says, "When you go to class, sit in front.

• David, who was also baptized in 1983, says, "I pray to Jehovah often to help me focus on the study. I remind myself that attending the study, focusing on the study, and participating in every part of the study are part of my worship.

• Nicolas was baptized in 1982. he also says, "Anyone who has done a work that told a story, made an example or gave an illustration that you liked, make it your goal to praise him.

• Augustin was also baptized in 1988. he says, If the faithful slave comes to bring something we have learned before to return to study, I tell myself, then it was spiritual food that came in its time.

He has taught us how to love our Christian brothers and sisters and those who have not yet met him. For example, the booklet, Love People Help Them Be Disciples, has helped us learn how to love people and teach them well in the ministry.

June 2026 21

If, then, the brothers are doing student activities during the midweek lesson, keep your mind focused.

7 We attend a study that we listen to because we want to enjoy life and live forever. Jehovah told his faithful servants in the past that if they want to enjoy life and live forever, they must obey him. we too must do the same. (Deut. 32:44-47) We need encouragement that will help us to cope with the challenges we face until the new world comes. So if we attend the study and listen carefully, it helps to get such encouragement. (Rom. 8:25) Today it is especially important to listen to Jehovah and to devote ourselves to him, because we are in the last days.Matt 24:42-44; Rev. 1:3.

What we need to do is to listen to your child in school.

8 Brothers who teach in classrooms, especially those who give public talks, must continue to work hard to improve their teaching. If the brothers take the time to prepare their speech well and base it on the Bible, it can draw people to the truth. It also helps their fellow Christians to continue to serve Jehovah with joy. Although most public speakers are addressed by this recommendation, foot-

7. Why is it so important that we continue to obey Jehovah?

8. Why should the brothers who teach in the classroom continue to work hard to improve their teaching?

so if each of us also gets a job, we can use it to work.2 Tim 4:2; Titus 1:9.

9 Organize your speech carefully. When you speak, you should not make it difficult for your audience to understand. If the topic you are talking about is not good, your audience will be distracted. How can you keep your speech from being good? The following will help you: (1) At the beginning of the speech, try to identify the key points you are talking about. (2) Then add any key points, add them. When you finish one key point and move on to another one, you can relax and let the audience know that you are going to another key point. (3) At the end of the speech, add all the key points.

10 Try to be happy with what you are saying. If you are saying that you are happy with what you are saying, you will express it with enthusiasm and enthusiasm. (Prov 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) If you think about the scriptures and key points in your language, you will be happy with what you are saying. A brother in the United States who is still over 70 years old recalled a speech he did not listen to when he was a teenager.

11 Think about what will help your listeners

9. If you are giving a speech, why should you not make it difficult for your audience to understand?

10. Why is it important that you enjoy what you are going to do?

11. When giving a speech, what should the audience do to benefit from the speech? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 OWN-ABAN

Show them specific things they can do. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) If you think about what will help your listeners, it will help you to say specific things that will help them in their lives.

12 When you are learning your language, keep it open to your mouth; don't use your own words. Rather than writing down all the words in your language and reading them to the audience, speak from your heart and not as if you are communicating with your listeners. If so, it will be easier for them to listen.

12. If you are giving a speech, why should you speak from your heart?

If you speak from your heart, your speech will touch the hearts of your listeners and motivate them to use what you are saying.

13 Seek advice from an experienced speaker. How will you do it? The paper you will keep for the speech and any research you will do, you can show him before giving the speech. Add the advice he will give to you to yours. Besides, tell him that you want to teach him, and if he sees that something is not going well he will give you advice to help you succeed. (Prov 1:5) We all have weaknesses, so it is not always possible to know if what we are saying is clear or correct. We want to improve our language and be able to teach well, so that we can help our listeners to apply the truths found in the Bible in their lives.*

* If you are looking for new suggestions that can help you improve your speech and be able to teach well, see the booklets For Your Eyes to Learn to Read and Teach and Get the Benefits of Theocratic Ministry School Education.

13. If you are going to give a speech, why should you seek advice from an experienced speaker? (See also the pictures.)

Seek advice from an experienced speaker, and it will help you improve your teaching (See paragraph 13)

23

Keep listening to Jehovah's reminders; don't let phones and tablets distract your mind

(See paragraph 17)

What is important to you is to be able to listen to your own words.

14 If we have deep appreciation for Jehovah's reminders, it will make us listen to the message well.In these difficult times, we need God's reminders to help us to cope. (2 Tim. 3:1) Even if we feel like we have heard the message repeatedly, we should try to imitate the psalmist who wrote Psalm 119, because he had deep appreciation for God's reminders.Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

15 While the Israelites were walking in the wilderness, Jehovah watched over them, giving them manna to eat. (Ex. 16:15, 31) At first, they enjoyed it very much, it was sweet to them, and it gave them the strength they needed. However, at some point, some said that they were ashamed of the manna, so they no longer enjoyed it. (Num. 21:5) What is the lesson in it? The truth is, if we apply what we learn from it, it can lead to eternal life.

16 What will help us to be able to listen well. Let us look at what has helped some brothers who have been serving Jehovah for many years to be able to listen well during the study. Sister Ashley has been serving Jehovah for more than 30 years. What she says: The things we will learn during the study, if I first learn before I go, it helps me to listen well. If I don't learn first, it is difficult for me to answer, and it makes my mind wander. Brother József has also been doing this for 52 years. Even if a brother does not know how to speak well, that is not what I am focusing on,

14. Why should we imitate the psalmist who wrote Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

15. How can we continue to show appreciation for the spiritual food we receive during the study?

16. What has helped some who have been serving Jehovah for many years to be able to listen well during the study? (See also the box What will help us to listen well.)

24th of October

but the biblical message he is explaining.

17 Perhaps the following suggestions can help you to listen carefully. (1) When you eat before you go to class, make sure you eat not too much, so as not to eat too much. (2) Get there early and find a place to sit before the program begins. (3) Keep your phone or tablet silent, so as not to distract your mind while the lesson is going on. (4) Think about what we will learn during the lesson first. (5) While the lesson is going on, focus on the speaker. (6) You can write a summary or write down some things that will remind you of the key points of the lesson. (7) As the speaker explains the sequence of the key scriptures, try to keep your mind moving. (8) Ask yourself, How can I use this information to help someone in the congregation or in the ministry? (9) When you are also attending a meeting, watch the program first, and look at each day's theme, the speeches and the scriptures on which each speech will be based. (10) Before the meeting starts, sit quietly and listen to the music and music videos being released.

Listen to Jehovah

18 We must continue to listen carefully during the study, because by doing so, we are letting Jehovah take our side in the right way. (Ps 23:3; 31:3) The advice and reminders they give us help us not to go astray. Otherwise we will be like a ship that is being blown by the wind to where it wants to go. So we must watch how we listen carefully, and apply the advice they give us during the study. (Luke 8:18) Those who listen to Jehovah in the future will be happy now, and they will also have eternal life. Ps 119:2, 14.

17. What do you do that can make you listen better in class or at a meeting? (See also the pictures.)

18. Why should we continue to listen carefully during class?

What do you think?

■ Why should we listen carefully in class?

■ How can the brothers who teach in the classroom help others to listen well?

■ What will help you to be able to listen well?

Song 87 Come! find peace

LIFE STORY

I have been serving Jehovah for almost 70 years in Cuba

GUSTAVO JOSEPH's words

I was born in 1947 on the beautiful island of Cuba. The place where the Caribbean Sea meets the Atlantic Ocean is where Cuba is located. I am the oldest child, and my parents had two daughters with me. All five of us lived in a village; it is called Esmeralda.

I remember very well that there was peace in our village. We lived in the village with some of our relatives; my grandparents, my father's brothers and sisters. What we ate, we got, and we were happy too.

When I was about five years old, my parents started studying the Bible with Walton Jones. Whether he stopped or not, Brother Walton was very involved in the ministry; he would travel about ten hours to our village to preach the message. Every time he came, many relatives would visit my grandmother's house, and we would talk about the Bible with him for many hours. My parents, my nephew Pedro and my mother-in-law Ela were very happy with what they were learning, and they soon became baptized as Jehovah's Witnesses. Now Ela is reaching 100, but she is still a pioneer in Cuba.

At that time, Jehovah's Witnesses in Cuba had the freedom to worship Jehovah without hindrance. What people most know about us is that we go to people's homes to preach the gospel; when we go, we carry our bag full of books. We also take it for free for walks! As long as I remember the zeal we used to serve Jehovah in my youth, I am very happy. Those were good times, but bad times were also coming.2 Tim 4:2

Time in the BONE

I am still five years old, my father and his brother went to a meeting in another city. but sadly, they went to drink some water and got typhoid. I remember very well that when they came back, my father's brother was completely paralyzed, but he did not die. My father died; he was only 32 years old.

After my father died, my mother moved our family to live with her brother; he lived in a village we call Lombillo. We loved our ancestors very much, but we had to leave them with the rest of the family.

On August 26, 1957, I was baptized in a lake near Lombillo. I was ten years old.

26 OWN-ABAN

Cuba, I would not believe it.In 1959, people overthrew the government and the eleventh government took over the country.

When the government came, what was most important was to get as many people as possible to join the military. Jehovah's Witnesses, too, did not join the military and did not take part in politics. So when it happened, the situation became difficult for us; the freedom we used to worship Jehovah, we did not get it again. In the end, the government banned our worship, and many of the brothers were arrested and sent to prison. They could eat too much, even food was not given to them. Sometimes there was no food to give them, but the Bible says that we should not eat blood, but we should not eat blood.

In spite of all the difficulties we went through, we never had a proper study in our head; we continued to meet. (Heb. 10:25) We held meetings in farms and other places throughout the country. I remember that a brother was very busy, and at one time he held a meeting there. We could not prepare the place before the meeting, and we could not feed the sheep. So we gathered with all the sheep to hold the meeting.

We appreciated the work that the brothers did at that time to get the spiritual food. For example, the brothers were recording the meeting program and sending it to the brothers everywhere in the country. Sometimes only two brothers were preparing the whole speech, and they returned, caught on tape. The place where we would hold the meeting, when there was no electricity, we would use an electrical generator to burn the bag, and a brother would sit on it to make us get electricity. We would do that, and we could play the tape to listen to the program. Although, as our brothers in other countries were free and we did not receive any of the publications that came to them, we did not receive them like that. But we never had spiritual food, and we worshiped Jehovah together with joy.Neh 8:10.

We must be wise and wise

When I was 18, I became a regular pioneer in a town called Florida. About a year later, I was assigned as a special pioneer in Ca-magüey; it was a big city. There I met Emilia; a beautiful sister from Santiago de Cuba.

Emilia and I could no longer pioneer; but we wanted to do more

A. The Kingdom Ministry School for Elders in Camagüey, Cuba, 1966

B. On our wedding day, 1967

A

B B B

D D D D D

D. Circuit work

E. Our first district meeting was held after the government removed them from us, 1994

E

Asamblea de Distrito TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

In Jehovah's service. So I took a job in a government factory that manufactures sugar. Every day I went to work at three in the morning until eleven in the morning. It was hard for me to get up in the morning, but when I went to work at that time, it helped me to be able to go to the ministry regularly; it also allowed me to go to school with Emilia regularly.

In 1969, we had Gustavo; our first child. It was the same time that I was asked to be a circuit overseer. At that time, if you come here to Cuba, it was not surprising to see a circuit overseer with a wife and children. It was very busy, and we were very happy. Emilia and I were very happy to have the opportunity to serve our brothers. While we were in the circuit work we had our second son; we named him Obed. Later we had Abner, and a few years later we had our daughter Mahely.

When I look back on my computer while we were in the circuit work, and I see how Jehovah has blessed his people in Cuba, it gives me great joy. Not only that, but he also helped us to cherish his love in the hearts of our children. How life was for Emilia and me when we were in the circuit work, let me share with you.

What is the role of a person in the workplace when you are pregnant?

When our ministry was banned, some of them caught our eye. Every Kingdom Hall was closed, and the government expelled all the missionaries from the country. Many young brothers were arrested and imprisoned, and the branch in Havana was also attacked.

Because our worship was banned, we could only visit the wines on Saturdays and Sundays. So we used to spend two weekends serving one congregation. We used to take a lot of things, and we used to ride a bicycle to avoid being noticed by the police. When we were going to serve a congregation, they would notify the brothers that we were coming. When we were going, we pretended that we were going to visit our relatives. 10:29, 30) But we had to be very careful, because the police were constantly stalking us and questioning us.The brothers we arrested, if the police found out, they could be arrested.Rom 16:4.

While we were doing the circuit work, we met many brothers who were not involved, but

28th of October



F

G

E. Emilia is working in a quarry at the Cuban Bethel

F. We are blessing an Assembly Hall, 2012

G. The Bible School for Christian Married Men, 2013

they welcomed us. in some places, the presence of mosquitoes is not a small matter. but in the family we raised, we would eat and their mosquitoes are one, and they were also given to us so that we could sleep and relax. there were others who had food, which was not cheap, but they welcomed us to their home. because of this, sometimes we took food and ate with them together.

When we were going to visit the winery, we couldn't take all our children. So we only took one of our children with us, and we left the rest for my mother and sister. When we went to take our youngest child with us, it protected us. Sometimes the police stopped to search our belongings, so we put the bags of the deceased pampers in it, and we put the books underneath it; there, too, the police came to look at the place.

We are working full time and raising our children, and I am very grateful for the hard work Emilia does to take care of the children. I too, while I was working in the factory, I was also a circuit overseer. how could I add two to that? sometimes, during the week, I do the work of two days to one day, so that I won't go to work at the end of the week. but later my work says

the employees I worked with, the employees of the company told me to shut up. I could not do anything about it, so I had to go to work from Monday to Sunday. I found out that I could distribute the work to the employees in a way that they would work by the end of the week. That gave me the opportunity to visit the wine maker. To this day, I still believe that the employees of the company found that I did not give work on Saturdays and Sundays.

In my life, my mother is happy.

In 1994, one day, the brothers leading the affairs in Cuba asked 80 traveling overseers from all over the country to come to a special meeting in Havana. We had known each other for a long time, so we met that way, just to see; just joy! At that meeting, they let us know about the changes that have taken place in the congregation. After that they released a note to surprise us. The brothers told us that they had decided to give our name to the government officials. We did not know why they wanted to do that.

They explained to us that they meet with government officials; the reason for doing so is that,

JUNE 2026 29

The Cuban Foreign Affairs Committee, 2013

they wanted the government to be under Jehovah's Witnesses. So the government officials had told them to bring the names of all traveling overseers in the country. We all agreed to take them. Since then, the government has been slowly thanking us.

At some point, we were able to attend classes and preaching without being stopped by anyone, but the worship of Jehovah's Witnesses was not yet recognized by the government. Later we learned that the government officials already had the names of some traveling overseers, so they wanted to see if their name matched what we would send them.

In September 1994, the government allowed us to reopen the branch. We learned that the building that was a branch that was closed 20 years ago, we can rebuild it as a branch.

In 1996, one day Emilia and I were there when we received an invitation to serve at Bethel. It was very surprising to us, and I told the brothers that I still have two children to take care of them. The brothers thought about what I told them, and later they called me again and told me that we were free to come. So we also agreed, and we started preparing ourselves to go to Havana with our children.

To tell the truth, I went to the new Bethel and was very happy. I had been a circuit overseer for many years, so that is where my heart was. So, if I have an office, I could not stay. But the brothers at the Bethel helped me very much to correct my mind; especially my wife Emilia. For a while now, I am happy, and now I continue to serve at Bethel with joy.

Now Emilia and I are older. but when we remember our past, and remember the brothers and sisters we have met, and served with them for many years, our hearts are filled with joy. what makes us most happy is that our children and grandparents are serving Jehovah. when the apostle John grew old, he said a word and we feel the same. he said: There is nothing that makes me happier than this: If I hear that my children are still walking in the truth.3 John 4.

Now, Emilia and I have been at Bethel for almost 30 years. We are suffering from cancer and old age, but we do everything we can to do the work entrusted to us. The years we have spent serving Jehovah are not always painful. But we are very happy that we have been able to serve the happy God for almost 70 years on this island of Cuba! 1 Tim. 1:11; Ps 97:1.

We were at a circuit assembly with our daughter and her husband

30th of October

QUESTIONS that the reader has

In Galatians 4:24, what two covenants was the apostle Paul referring to?

■ The Apostle Paul spoke about the relationship between Abraham, Sarah and Hagar. Finally, he said: All these represent something; these women represent two covenants. (Gal. 4:22-24.) In the past, we understood that the two covenants, that is, the Law covenant, and the new covenant. However, when we re-examined this matter, we made changes that we need to know about. Paul was probably talking about the Abrahamic covenant and not the new covenant.

Paul said that the Law covenant that Jehovah made with the Israelites at Mount Sinai in 1513 B.C. represents Hagar. (Gal. 4:25; Ex. 19:5, 6) No sinful person could fully obey that Law. So the Law reminded the Israelites that they were slaves to sin. Furthermore, this covenant could help the nation of Israel to recognize the Messiah, because the Messiah was the only one who could fully obey the Law. 3:19, 24, 25) When Jesus fulfilled God's purpose, the Law was no longer necessary.

Paul also described Sarah as a free woman, and she gave birth to her son through a promise. (Gal. 4:23) That promise, that is the Abrahamic covenant. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) That covenant was made by Jehovah with Abraham; it is mentioned in Genesis 22:18. Jehovah told Abraham: Through your seed all the nations of the earth will be blessed, because you have obeyed my voice.

The promise that Jehovah made in Eden included the Abrahamic covenant. (Gen. 3:15) This covenant made it clear that the seed he spoke of would come from Abraham. Paul explained that Jesus Christ is the main seed. However, those who belong to Christ, the 144,000 who will reign with him in his Kingdom, are also part of that seed. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) Because of the promise that Jehovah made to Abraham, many who accept Jesus and obey him will receive blessings.

Paul wanted to show that if the Jews of his day were firmly committed to obeying the Law, they would be like Hagar; they would be enslaved forever. But if they accepted Jesus Christ, the chief descendant of Abraham, they would be like Sarah, they would be free forever. They would be truly free from sin and sin. (John 8:32-34) But if they did not accept Jesus, it means they understood the Law covenant, because the purpose of the Law covenant was to help them to know Christ.

The Galatians to whom Paul was writing this letter, many of them were not Jews, so the Law did not bind them or bind them. However, some Jews were firmly convinced that non-Jewish Christians should obey the Law.

* This is a new understanding that we have gained. We are replacing the one in the March 15, 2006, issue of The Watchtower, pp. 10-12.

JUNE 2026 31

THE COUNTRY SAYS the Kingdom of JEHOVAH

June 2026 Vol. 147, No. 6 TWI

What is in your heart?

Lesson The topic we will study August 10-16 2

When we face trials, how can we remain faithful to Jehovah?

The study topic we will study August 17-23

What will keep us close to our brothers

Lesson The topic we will study August 24-30 14

How the Ministry Group Program Helps Us

The topic of the study will be August 31 September 6 20

Watch How You Listen Carefully

Life Story 26

I have been serving Jehovah for almost 70 years in Cuba

THIS is what the audience is looking for. 31

This book is not for sale. We use it to do a worldwide Bible teaching work. People give voluntary donations to support the work. If you want to donate, please go to donate.jw.org.

All the Bible texts in this book are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless we indicate that they are from another source.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

A few verses in the bible

The Assu used to be used in ancient times

The Bible tells us that some of Jesus' followers were fishermen. (Mark 1:16-20) They used nets to fish in the Sea of Galilee.

At that time, if one wanted to make a net, he would make something with a hard string such as a net in which the nets lay. If he wanted to catch small fish, he would make the nets that lay in the net smaller. If he wanted to catch big fish, he would make the nets that lay in the net larger. If small nets were used to catch the fish, they would be used to make something as heavy as stone or iron as if thrown into the water, it could fall. But if the net is large, something as heavy as stone or iron would be added to the bottom. That makes part of the net go under the water; and something was added to measure the surface of the water.

(Luke 5:6) The net was very expensive, so almost every time the fishermen went to sea, they had to prepare their nets.The Bible shows that James and John were preparing their nets; they probably made them with sandals and ropes. (Matthew 4:21) Luke also says that the fishermen were washing their nets so that they would not become dirty. (Luke 5:2) After that, they used the nets to give them things so that they would not become dirty. Hes. 47:10.

Jesus invited men who knew how to use these nets to become fishers of men.

Go to the website jw.org in English, or click on this link

JW.ORG ®

w26.06-TW