January 2026

He's on the other side of the fence

It says the Kingdom of JEHOVAH is coming

AFE 2026 AFE ASAM:

Happy are those who know that they need God's guidance. MAT. 5:3.

NOTE: MARCH 2-APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

Song 97

Life is based on the Bible

What is the importance of education?

We will look at what we need to do to let Jehovah continue to guide us to be happy.

Let God continue to guide you

AFE 2026 AFE ASAM:

Happy are those who know that they need God's guidance. MAT. 5:3.

JEHOVAH knows that there are some things that people cannot live without, such as what to eat, what to wear, and where to sleep. If we miss any of these things, it can make life very difficult for us, or it can even cost us our lives. In addition to these life needs, we need something else; that is God's guidance. (Read Matthew 5:3) If we want to be happy, we must acknowledge that we need God's guidance and continue to trust in him.

2 In the Greek word we have translated, the person who sees that they need God's guidance, the person behind is the person who needs help who is begging someone for help. For example, make sure that someone is sitting on the side of the road where they are begging; all their clothes are dirty, and they have no food to eat. This is why all their energy is lost. When the sun goes down, it is like this, even at night when it is cold. Because of their condition, people don't want to be near them, so they are unhappy. This person who doesn't get this help knows that, if they get the energy to live in life, they need someone to help them. A person who knows that they need God's guidance can also be used to beg for this help. He knows that he needs God's help in his life, so he also prayed earnestly to God for help, and he accepts any help God gives him.

3 In this article, we will first look at what we can learn from the Phoenician woman who asked Jesus to help her

1. What things does Jehovah know that people need? (Matthew 5:3)

2. If we say that someone needs God's guidance, what example can we use to describe it?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

2

The Phoenician woman humbled herself, continued to ask Jesus for help, and gained faith in Jesus (See paragraph 5)

The woman's story will show that there are three qualities that those who see that they need God's guidance must acquire. Next, we will look at what we can learn from the apostle Peter, the apostle Paul, and King David; all these men were led by God.

Learn BIRIBI from what makes Phoenix.

4 One time a Phoenician woman came to Jesus. Her daughter was suffering from a demon. (Matt. 15:21-28) So she fell at Jesus' feet and asked him for help. Let us look at three things we can imitate that woman did during that time.

5 The Phoenician woman humbled herself. Why can we say that? because when Jesus compared her to a dog, she was angry. A dog child was a common animal in non-Jewish households. What would you do if Jesus compared you to a dog child? What would you do if Jesus said that you no longer need his help because he fed you? The Phoenician woman did not do that. Instead, she showed him that she was humble. Besides that, she also said something else. She went on to ask Jesus to help her; she did not give up. What made her do that? Because she had faith in Jesus. Although Jesus had previously said that Israel came only from the lost sheep, Jesus cast the demons out of the woman's daughter and gave them to her.

6 If we want Jehovah to guide us, we must imitate the Phoenician woman. So we must be humble, and we must continue to ask Jehovah for help.

4. What did a Phoenician woman want Jesus to do for her?

5. What did Jesus do for the woman, and why? (See also the picture.)

6. What do we learn from the story of the Phoenician woman?

January 2026 3

In the way of his followers, we must have strong faith in them. (Matthew 24:45-47) If we have faith in Jehovah and Jesus, we are humble, and we always ask them for help, it makes Jehovah and Jesus very happy. If we do this, they will help us and guide us. (Compare James 1:5-7) Now, let us see what we can learn from the apostle Peter, the apostle Paul, and King David.

SUASUA PETROSUA God's Word is true

7 Consider the apostle Peter. The first Jews recognized that Jesus was the Messiah, and Peter was one of them. He realized that Jesus was the one through whom Jehovah used to feed his people with the words of life or spiritual food. (John 6:66-68) Before Jesus ascended to heaven, he entrusted Peter to feed the sheep and young sheep. (John 21:17) Peter also accepted that work, and he did it correctly. Jehovah even made him write two letters that are now included in the Bible. He acknowledged that some of the words that Paul wrote were difficult to understand. (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) However, Peter really gave up, he continued to study. He believed that the difficult words that Jehovah inspired Paul to write in his letters, Jehovah would help him to understand and use them.Read Hebrews 5:146:1.

7. What task did Jesus give to Peter, and what should he also do? (Hebrews 5:146:1)

8 Jehovah gave a directive to Peter, and because of his faith in Jehovah, he obeyed. One day, while Peter was in Joppa, he had a vision. In the vision, the angel of God told Peter not to kill animals that the Mosaic Law forbade. So when the angel said this, Peter said: Yes, Lord, because I have never eaten anything unclean or unclean. After that, the angel said to him: The things that God has purified, do not call them unclean. (Acts 10:9-15) Then Peter understood what the angel was saying, and changed his mind. How can we know that? (Acts 10:28, 29) However, when Jehovah gave Peter new direction, he immediately accepted it. (Prov 4:18) So he preached the good news to Cornelius and his household, and they believed in Jesus, received the holy spirit, and were baptized.Acts 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, we must learn the simple truths of the Word of God often.

8. When Jehovah gave Peter new direction through an angel, what did he do?

9. How does hard spiritual food help us in two ways?

4 OWN-ABAN

One is that it will help us to learn more about Jehovah, and it will give us love and respect for him. Second, it will motivate us to tell others about the wonderful qualities of our heavenly Father. (Rom. 11:33; Rev. 4:11) We also learn another lesson from Peter: It is that if we get a new understanding of the Word of God, we must accept the message immediately and use it. If we do this, Jehovah will continue to guide us to serve him faithfully.

SUASUA PAULHYE SUBAN FOFORO NO

10 Another way that Jehovah guides us is by showing us the personality he wants us to have. It is to put away the old personality and put on the new personality, as the apostle Paul said. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) The new personality is not a one-day matter; it takes time and effort. Let us take the apostle Paul as an example. Since he was a young man, he tried to do what pleases God. (Gal. 1:14; Phil. 3:4, 5) But he did not know the complete knowledge of God that would help him to know the best way to serve him. Also, he did not know the teachings of Christ, and he was proud, which made him a leader. This is why his character is not pleasing to God at all.1 Tim. 1:13.

10. According to Colossians 3:8-10, what must we do to please Jehovah?

11 Before Paul became a Christian, he was about to break his heart. Acts shows that Paul was angry with the disciples of Jesus and threatened them, and he wanted to kill them. (Acts 9:1) So when he became a Christian, it is clear that he made a great effort to put down that old habit. (Eph 4:22, 31) However, at one time Paul and Barnabas did not think about a matter at all, and this led to strong arguments. (Acts 15:37-39) Here, Paul's character again removed his head, he did not give up. 9:27.

12 The evil that was cultivating Paul, he was able to remove it from his ways, and he was able to put on the new character, because he did not rely on his own strength. (Phil. 4:13) Rather, like Peter, Paul also relied on the strength that comes from God. (1 Pet. 4:11) Nevertheless, Paul was sometimes discouraged. When that happened, he reflected on the good things his heavenly Father had done for him, and that strengthened him to continue to do what pleases Jehovah. Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Whether we have been serving Jehovah for a long time or not, we must strive to put off our old personality and put on the new personality. This means that we must live according to what Jehovah teaches us. In doing so, we are imitating Paul.

11. What bad behavior did Paul's wife have to fight against? Explain.

12. What helped Paul to get rid of the bad habit that was plaguing him?

13. How can we imitate Paul?

January 2026 5

We must continue to study God's Word well, put on the new personality, and let Jehovah protect us (See paragraph 18)

(Romans 12:1, 2; Ephesians 4:24) While we are doing this, we must remember this: clothing, if it is bigger than us or captures us, we must do something about it before we can put on it.

SUASUA DAVIDMA YEHOWA DO NOT take care of yourself

14 We have seen that, if we want to be happy, we must study the Word of God, and put on the new personality. But that is not all; we also need God's protection.

14-15. How does Jehovah protect his people today? (Psalm 27:5) (See also the picture on the front of this issue.)

15 King David was very confident that even in bad times Jehovah will protect him. (Read Psalm 27:5.) How does Jehovah protect us today? One is that, anyone or anything that can destroy our faith, Jehovah protects us from it. So no matter how people oppose us, he promises us that no weapon they will use to attack us will succeed. (Job 34:7; Isa 54:17) Although Satan and his associates have power, they cannot torture us forever. 21:3, 4) Moreover, when we are overwhelmed by anxiety, Jehovah helps us to endure, so that it does not destroy our relationship with him (Prov 12:25; Matt 6:27-29) In addition, he gives us many brothers who help us, and elders who visit us to encourage us. (Isa 32:1, 2) When we go to meetings, too, Jehovah teaches us to see the specific things we do that will protect us. (Heb 10:24, 25)

6 OWN-ABAN

16 Whenever David obeyed Jehovah, he helped him to make good decisions, and it made David happy. So Jehovah used this way to protect him. (Compare Proverbs 5:1, 2.) However, when David broke Jehovah's law, the consequences did not prevent him from doing so. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) At other times, people used to torture David to the point of suffering. When this happened, he prayed to Jehovah O David. What did Jehovah do to protect him? He comforted David, and assured him that he loved him deeply, and he would take care of him.

17 When we pray for Jehovah's guidance in making decisions, we are imitating David. However, we must remember that if we do not listen to Jehovah and make bad decisions, we may suffer, and that will not save us from it. (Gal. 6:7, 8) Also, when people let us suffer, we can tell our heart to Jehovah, and we can have confidence that he will protect our minds and hearts.

16. In what ways did Jehovah protect David?

17. How can we imitate David?

Let GOD bless your life

18 The word of the year 2026 says: Happy are those who know that they need God's guidance. Even today you see that this statement is true. Why are we saying this? Because today many people do not agree that they need God's guidance. Others believe in God, but they are in false religion or human wisdom. Therefore they are not happy. We should not imitate them.

18. What do many people disagree with today, and what must we do to let Jehovah continue to guide us? (See also the pictures.)

PHOTOS: A sister wants Jehovah to protect her, so she meets with her fellow Christians at the beginning of the study. Page 6: This same sister is studying the Watchtower, she is showing kindness to others to show that she has developed the new personality.

What do you think?

■ How can we imitate Peter and learn the Word of God well?

■ How can we imitate Paul and put on the new character?

■ How can we let Jehovah protect us like David?

DWOM 162

His words will be food

MARCH 9-15, 2026

DWOM 45

My heart thought

What is the importance of education?

What to do when we are overwhelmed with sadness or anxiety.

If you are suffering from sadness or anxiety, what can you do

My words are pitiful!Romans 7:24.

WHEN you think of the name of the apostle Paul, what comes to your mind? you might say he was a courageous missionary, a good teacher, or a writer of many Bible books. you say that without helping. but he was a person like us, so sometimes he could be sad, depressed, or overwhelmed by anxiety.

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. If we look at Paul's letter to the Romans, as he sometimes felt, he spoke about it. Many of us today can feel the same way. Although he served God well and wanted to do his will very much, due to his imperfections, it was difficult for him to do God's will always.

3 Because of Paul's sins and past mistakes, he sometimes felt sad or depressed,* but he did not let them worry him. In this article, we will find answers to the following questions: Why did Paul sometimes feel sad? What did Paul do that made him sad or depressed?

* CONCLUSIONS: In this study, we are talking about people who are sometimes depressed or anxious, not those who have a mental illness who should see a doctor.

1-2. How did the apostle Paul feel at times, and why can what he went through help us? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What questions will we find answers to in this article? (See also Explanation.)

8

What are the things that make Paul feel like he's in trouble?

4 His sins are past. Before Paul became a Christian, he did many bad things, and later he was saddened that he did so. At that time he was called Saul. One of his actions was that he consented to the stoning of Stephen, and he was killed and his eyes were covered. (Acts 7:58; 8:1) Besides, he hated and persecuted Christians at that time, and he kept it open. Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

5 When the apostle Paul became a Christian, he was sometimes deeply troubled by the sins he had committed in the past.When he wrote a letter to the Ephesians, he said that he was worth nothing in all the saints. (Ephesians 15:9) Five years later, when he wrote a letter to the Ephesians, he also said that he was worth nothing at all. 3:8) When Paul wrote to Timothy, he also said:

6 Thorns in the flesh. There was something else that was very troubling Paul; he said it was a type of thorns in the flesh. (2 Cor. 12:7) Although Paul did not say exactly what was hurting him, the phrase he used shows that it was something that made him very painful.

7 His imperfections. Paul could make mistakes. (Read Romans 7:18, 19.) Although he was very keen to do what is right, due to the evil that was in him, it was not easy for him. He admitted that sometimes it is not what he wants to do that he does, but what he does not want to do that he does.

WHAT is it about Paul N'ABAM, what is it about him?

8 How God's spirit could help Paul and his fellow Christians to overcome their imperfections and weaknesses was something he often meditated on. His letters show this. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul often spoke about bad habits or bad desires that Christians should fight against. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) This shows us how he could overcome his weaknesses and meditate on them.

4. What was hurting Paul?

5. How did Paul feel about the sins he had committed in the past?

6. What else was most troubling Paul? (See also the article below.)

* If we look at Paul's writings, we can see that he was suffering from eye problems. If so, it would be difficult for him to write letters to the bartender and carry out his ministry (Gal 4:15; 6:11) or else, the words some false teachers were saying about him, that was what left him worried. (2 Cor 10:10; 11:5, 13) We do not know what was bothering Paul specifically, but we can see that it could make him sad.

7. Why was it sometimes difficult for Paul to do what is right? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What do Paul's letters show us about what he did about his weakness?

January 2026 9

gave to others, he also used it.

9 Paul was sometimes depressed, but there were some things that made him happy, such as the good things going on in various places, when his fellow evangelists brought him reports, he was very encouraged. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) His association with his fellow Christians also made him happy. (2 Tim. 1:4) Also, another thing that made him happy was that he was strong in his association with Jehovah, and he was able to serve Jehovah with good knowledge. (2 Tim. 1:3) Even while Paul was imprisoned in Rome, he encouraged his fellow Christians to rejoice in the Lord (Philippians 1:3). 4:4) If you look at the words he said, there is no indication that he was overly anxious about his problems. This clearly shows that when Paul sees that he is overly anxious about his problems, he quickly turns his mind to things that will make him happy.

10 When Paul was disappointed, another thing that made him happy was to meditate on the ransom. He knew that it was because of Jehovah's love that he allowed his son to die for him. (Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) For this reason, he was very confident that through the sacrifice of Jesus Jehovah had forgiven him his sins. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Paul was happy because he could offer pure service to God despite all his sins and imperfections.

11 Like Paul, we might also be trying to please Jehovah in what we think, do and say, but we forget what has happened. So perhaps we will be disappointed and we will also say, My situation is sad! A sister named Eliza* who is in her 20s says how she feels about it: When I think about Paul's situation, it encourages me very much. It makes me realize that he has not changed; how should I do it, he also needs to change. This reminds me that Jehovah knows what his people are going through. Paul had a good conscience, and even if he was in his 20s, he was happy. So what can we do to imitate Paul?

If DADWEN is on our side and our world is ruined, what will we do now?

12 Continue to do things that will bring you closer to Jehovah. If we continue to do things that bring us closer to Jehovah, we are happy. The things we do that bring us closer to Jehovah, we can compare them to the things we do that bring us health. If we eat well, exercise well, and sleep well, we build ourselves up. The things that bring us closer to Jehovah, if we do them regularly, also make us happy. If we continue to do all these things, it will encourage us to focus on the good things and not the things that disappoint us. Rom 12:11, 12.

13 Let us take John's case as an example; the doctor told him he had some cancer diagnosis.

* Some names have been changed.

9-10. When Paul was depressed, what helped him to be happy? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also pictures.)

11. Why can Paul's story encourage us?

12. How does it help us if we continue to do things that draw us closer to Jehovah?

13-14. How have the things we do to draw close to Jehovah that some brothers continue to do helped them?

10 OWN-ABAN

Paul's past sins were very troubling to him, but he thought about the ransom, and it helped him to rejoice

(See paragraphs 9-10)

13 At first, it made him confused and worried. He asked himself, This disease, how is it with a young man like me? At that time, his son was only three years old. So what helped John? Listen to his words: Nana's illness makes me very tired, but I watched to see that the things we do in the worship of Jehovah with my family, we do it regularly. So we did not go to the meetings, we went to the ministry every week, and we also had family worship. Even when it was difficult, we used to do it. John closed our eyes and looked back, he said: If we say that you are sick like that, at first, it can make you blind. But later, you see that Jehovah is strengthening you, and he is helping you.

14 Eliza, mentioned earlier says: When I go to school, what I hear or see reminds me that Jehovah listens to me and loves me very much.

Let us look at Nolan; he is a circuit overseer in Africa. He says what helps him and his wife Diane is this: Even if we are disappointed, what we do in Jehovah's service, we continue to do. When we do this, we see that Jehovah is helping us to be happy.

15 We have seen that, if we are sad or depressed, we should continue to do things we do in Jehovah's service. But besides that, we may need to do other things. for you, let us not just push you back. If you walk every day, it may help. But if the pain goes away completely, you may need to do something else. If you can know where to bring the pain, you may need to do something about it

15. If we are overwhelmed by sadness or disappointment, what might we need to do?

January 2024 11

If you are overwhelmed by anxiety, look for specific words that will help you learn (See paragraph 17)

We too, if we are often overwhelmed by sadness or anxiety, we may need to research it in the Bible and in the publications. We may even need to talk about it with an experienced brother or sister who can give us good advice. Let us look at other things that can help us.

16 Ask Jehovah to help you identify the specific cause of grief or anxiety.King David knew that Jehovah knew him well, so he asked Jehovah to help him identify what caused him to worry. (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You too, can ask Jehovah to help you identify what causes grief or anxiety, and what you can do about it. You can also ask yourself: What has caused me to worry? What has caused me to worry?

17 What will help you to deal with your problems, learn about them.You can learn more about God's mercy, forgiveness, and unfailing love.You can refer to the Jehovah's Witnesses Use to Research, Watch Tower Publications.

16. If you are overwhelmed by anxiety, what will help you know what will happen? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

17. What if you study about it will help you to focus on things that will encourage you? (See also the pictures.)

12 OWN-ABAN

Index or any other publication in your language should do so. Write down the title of anything you can find that will help you. Any new information you can find, add it to it. Then, put it where you can find it, and whenever you are overwhelmed with anxiety, learn some of it. Whatever you learn, try to apply it. Philippians 4:8.

18 Eliza, mentioned earlier, learned more about Job. She said: I too have faced hard trials like Job. The trouble she faced was very painful, and she did not even know where it came from. However, she never withdrew from Jehovah. (Job 42:1-6) Diane, mentioned earlier, says: I and my husband are studying the book Draw Close to Jehovah. This strengthens our friendship.Yes 64:8.

18. What have some Christians learned about this?

WARNING that a lot of time has passed

19 Even if we do all the things we have discussed in this article, we should not expect that the sadness or anxiety that plagues us will disappear. sadly, sometimes it will happen, but as long as Jehovah lives, the things that cause the anxiety, he will help us to turn our minds away and focus on the good things. so we can be sure that we will have a good conscience to serve Jehovah and be happy.

20 Let us do everything we can to not let our past mistakes, our problems or our weaknesses overwhelm us. Let us be confident that Jehovah will help us and not overwhelm us with anxiety. (Ps 143:10) One day all the troubles and worries will disappear.

19. What should we not expect, but what assurance can we have?

20. What are you determined to do?

What do you think?

Why did Paul sometimes feel sad?

Although Paul was sometimes depressed, what helped him to be happy and serve Jehovah with a good conscience?

When we are overwhelmed by sadness or anxiety, what can we do?

Song 34 I walk in peace

MARCH 16-22, 2026

DWOM 20

You gave us your love

What is the importance of education?

How the ransom can give us forgiveness of sins, how it can give us hope of reaching perfection, and how it can help us to have a friendship with Jehovah.

14

Why we need the ransom

The body that leads me to this death, who will rescue me from it? ROM 7:24.

WHEN a building collapses, and someone enters it and is not dead, but cannot open it. What can he do? All he can do is scream for someone to remove it.

2 We too, the situation of each one of us, seems to have fallen upon us. Why are we saying that? because when Adam disobeyed Jehovah, he became a sinner. He later passed his sin on to all his children. So the sin that seems to have fallen upon all mankind, and we cannot begin to reveal it. In the letter the apostle Paul wrote to the Romans, he said that sin has made us all slaves. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) The sin that Paul inherited from Adam, and death in any way, will lead to it. (Romans 7:22-24) 6:23) So he asked, The body that leads me to this death, who will rescue me from it? We too, we are in the same situation, so we need a savior.

3 Paul's question: Who will deliver me from the body that is leading me to this death? does it mean that his hope is gone? No. Because after he asked that question, he said with confidence: Thanks be to God through our Lord Jesus Christ! (Rom. 7:25) What Paul was trying to say is that through Jesus' ransom sacrifice, Jehovah has saved us.* Because of the ransom sacrifice, (1) we are

* EXCLUSION: A ransom is something paid to save a person who has committed a crime.Jesus' sacrificial death is also a ransom, because it frees obedient people from sin and death.

1-2. Why do we need a savior? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also pictures.)

3. Because of the ransom, what can we get?

Just as this building has collapsed on this man who cannot emerge, we too, we seem to be under sin and imperfection that cannot emerge, so we need a savior

(See paragraphs 1-2)

We can have forgiveness of sins, (2) we can have hope of becoming perfect, and (3) we can also have friendship with Jehovah.We will discuss these matters in this article, and it will increase our love for Jehovah, because he is the God who gives hope (Rom 15:13)

Life is good for us

4 We need the ransom so that Jehoshaphat can forgive us our sins. We all do evil in our speech and actions. (Read Ecclesiastes 7:20.) Some of the sins we do are forbidden. In the Mosaic Law, for example, if someone commits adultery or kills someone, he should be killed. (Lev. 20:10; Num. 35:30, 31) However, if we say that there are some sins, it is not so bad. In all of them, every evil is evil.

5 Whether we ask or not, have you ever said or done something to yourself? We believe that each of us has ever done something like this. Some words that do not help: If we say,

6 Because of Jehovah's justice, he had to do something to find a basis for forgiveness of our sins. Therefore, the ransom is the basis for Jehovah's forgiveness of our sins. (Eph 1:7) However, that does not mean that he does not suffer if we do wrong.

7 Under the Mosaic Law, when the Israelites committed sins, they were required to offer sacrifices of animals to cover their sins. (Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) Such sacrifices were close to the great sacrifice that Jesus would make in the future; Jesus' sacrifice was the one that would bring many blessings to mankind.

4-5. Why does each of us need the ransom? (Ecclesiastes 7:20)

6-7. On what basis does Jehovah forgive us our sins? (See also the picture.)

January 2026 15

The importance of Jesus' sacrificial death, because he spoke about it in his letter to the Christians in Corinth. After discussing the sins they had committed in the past, he said to them: But you have been washed clean; you have been sanctified; you have been declared righteous in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the spirit of our God.1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 Before attending this year's Memorial, how Jehovah's forgiveness has helped you, you can take time to think about it. For example, because of the ransom, you should not let past sins hurt you. But it may be difficult for you to accept that Jehovah has forgiven you. As we speak, you may even be telling yourself, I believe that Jehovah can forgive me, but for me, it is difficult for me to know myself like that. If you feel that, please remember this truth: Jehovah forgives sins, and Jesus has given him the power to judge. So whether or not Jehovah forgives someone's sins, it is not up to you or anyone else to decide. If we walk in the light as [Jehovah] himself is in the light, . . . the blood of his Son Jesus cleanses us from all sins. (1 John 1:6, 7) Just as we believe other Bible teachings, we must believe this too. Because of the ransom, Jehovah can forgive our sins. The Bible also says that Jehovah is ready to forgive sins.

Life gives us the assurance that we can live in peace

9 When the Bible speaks of sin, it does not refer to bad deeds only, but it can also refer to the inherent imperfection. (Read Psalm 51:5 and footnote) Our own imperfection is not the only thing that drives us to do bad deeds, but it is also what causes us to get sick, grow old and grow old.

8. Before attending this year's Memorial, what can you do?

9. When the Bible speaks of evil, what else can it mean? (Psalm 51:5 footnote)

The sacrifices of animals were a sacrifice that Jesus would make in the future and a blessing that would bring abundance to mankind (See paragraphs 6-7)

16 OWN-ABAN

because of this, even babies who have never done anything bad can also get sick and die. Because of the same sin, whether we are good or bad, we all suffer and die.

10 When Adam and Eve sinned, think about what happened to them. When they disobeyed the law of God that was written in their hearts, their conscience began to torment them deeply. (Rom. 2:15) They realized that something had changed in them. Therefore, they felt that they had to hide behind their nakedness and seek hiding so that their Creator would not see them. (Gen. 3:7, 8) Their conscience hurt them, their minds were confused, they felt insecure, and they were ashamed.

11 The sin of Adam and Eve, as it plagued them, plagues us today. The hardships we are going through and the suffering we are experiencing are all due to our own imperfections. We may try to separate ourselves, but no matter what we do, it will not succeed. Why? Because the Bible says that we will be subjected to ignorance. (Rom 8:20) This article applies to individuals and people all over the world. All their efforts are like carrying a basket to the water. However, because of the ransom, there is hope.

12 The ransom gives us hope that the creation itself . . . will be freed from the corruption that made it a slave. (Rom. 8:21) This means that when we reach perfection in God's new world, sickness, sleep and anxiety will no longer bother us. Also, our conscience will not trouble us, and we will be safe. Furthermore, our efforts to take care of the earth, and live in peace will end in victory.

13 When evil and imperfection are no more, think about how life will be. You will wake up every morning and be self-sufficient; you will not worry about what to do with your loved ones, and you will fear illness or death. Such a hope that seems to give the soul, which stands firm and unshakable, if we hold firmly to it, even today, it can give us peace. (Heb. 6:18, 19) Like the ability to stop a ship on the other side of the sea, the hope you have can strengthen your faith, and the trials you will face, it can help you to endure. In fact, you can be sure that Jehovah will bless you, because he is the rewarder of those who earnestly seek him. (Heb 11:6) The hope you have for the future and the comfort you get, it is because of the ransom that you can do well.

10. What happened to Adam and Eve when they sinned?

11. What has the evil that is in us brought to us?

12. What hope does the ransom give us?

13. Before attending this year's Memorial, what can you think about?

January 2026 17

It is only through Jesus' sacrifice that Jehovah can forgive us our sins, and we can have a good relationship with him (See paragraph 16)

AGYEDE NO NTI YEBETUMI AND GOD'S AFA ADAMFO

14 Since Adam and Eve sinned, humans have been separated from God.The Bible even says that all humans have broken their relationship with their Creator. (Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because Jehovah is pure, and all his ways are right, he cannot repay evil.The Bible says of Jehovah: You are too holy to see evil, and you cannot see evil to continue. (Hab. 1:13) So, sin has become a great gap between us and God. None of us can have a relationship with God unless we go through the gap and go through the gap, and we can continue to approach God.

15 The Bible says that Jesus is a sacrifice of atonement for our sins. (1 John 2:2) The Greek word translated 15:1, 6) How? Because Jehovah knew that no matter what happened, Jesus would pay the ransom. (Isaiah 46:10) Thanks to the ransom, we can reconnect with God.

16 Because you have a good relationship with God, look at the joy you have. For example, maybe you can call Jehovah Father as Jesus taught us. (Matt. 6:9) Sometimes you can even call him Friend. If we are going to call Jehovah our Father or our Friend, we must show respect and humble self.

14. How does the sin of Adam and Eve affect our relationship with God, and why?

15. What benefit have we gained from Jesus' sacrifice?

16. Before attending this year's Memorial, what else can you think about? (See also the pictures.)

18 OWN-ABAN

Everything we have with Jehovah is not our effort, but it is his free grace; it is the ransom that makes it possible. through the blood of Jesus shed on the cross, Jehovah has united all things, so that there will be peace between God and us. (Col. 1:19, 20) Therefore, even though evil is still in us, we can still have friendship with Jehovah.

Life makes us know that JEHOVAH is GOD

17 The ransom makes it clear that Jehovah's mercy is abundant. Even when we were dead in error, he gave us life. (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Those who have a good heart that can lead to eternal life are like the man who turned against him. They see that sin and imperfection are hurting them so much, they cry out for help. (Acts 13:48) Jehovah will also hear such ones cry through the good news of the Kingdom, so that they will gain knowledge of his Son Jesus. (John 17:3) and it is Satan who will destroy Adam and Eve to destroy Jehovah's purpose, then he has failed completely.

18 When we think about the ransom, we must keep in mind the very reason why Jehovah provided it. Although the ransom benefits us in many ways, we must remember that it was not for our own salvation that Jehovah provided the ransom. Besides, even though we are sinners, Jehovah has graciously given us the opportunity to show that the claims that Satan has made about himself are not true (Prov 27:11) So how can you show appreciation for the ransom? We will find the answer to that question in the next article.

17. How does the ransom show that Jehovah is merciful? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

18. When we think about the ransom, what should we keep in mind?

The path to success and prosperity for us . . .

■ forgiveness?

■ hope that we can reach perfection?

■ trust that we can become friends with Jehovah?

DWOM 19

The Lord's Supper

MARCH 23-29, 2026

DWOM 18

The ransom is precious to us

What is the importance of education?

What each of us can do to show that the ransom is precious to him.

What can you do to show appreciation for the ransom?

The love that Christ has compels us.2 CORINTHIANS 5:14.

FAITH if you were in a room and it collapsed on you and you started. Just as you started there someone picked you up. That person, would you look at him? even if you were not the only one who picked you up, it is obvious that you would walk your foot to him to thank him, and you would let the person know that, for what he has done for you, you can never thank him to end.

2 As we saw in the preceding article, the sins we are born with are like a collapsed room. If someone does not save us, we will run away. But because of the price of the ransom sacrifice of Jesus, we can free ourselves. How? Firstly, because of the ransom, we do sins that Jehovah can forgive us. Secondly, it gives us hope that future sins will be forgiven us completely. Thirdly, it allows us to have a strong friendship with God. Therefore, we can live forever in the new world. Let us say, the ransom has shown us that Jesus loves a person; even before he came to earth, we loved him. (Prov. 8:30, 31) The apostle Paul wrote that the love of Christ compels us. (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) This shows that the love that Jesus showed us should motivate us to do something to show appreciation for the ransom sacrifice.

3 When Jesus died for us, what would you do to show your gratitude? What you would do, it may not be the same as peace. Let us explain in some detail why we are saying this. Let us say that three people are traveling to a town.

1-2. What should the ransom sacrifice of Jesus move us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also pictures)

3. The way you will show appreciation for the ransom, perhaps someone else will not do the same.

20

If a building falls on you and someone pulls you out, you will never see the person you are building. Jehovah and Jesus also have saved us from sin and death. Shouldn't we show great appreciation for it? (see paragraphs 1-2)

We have a relationship with Jehovah, so the way everyone can show appreciation for the ransom is different. So in this article, we will look at what Bible students, those who have been baptized, and those who have left Jehovah's service can do to show appreciation for the ransom.

BIBLE STUDENTS

4 When you study the Bible, remember that even if you agree to study the Bible, it means that Jehovah is drawing you to him. (John 6:44; Acts 13:48) The Bible says that he who searches the heart is Jehovah. This means that when Jehovah sees any effort you make to learn about him, and any changes you make to be able to obey his laws, it is beautiful to him. (Prov 17:3; 27:11) Because of the ransom, you can become close friends with Jehovah. (Rom 5:10, 11) Never forget this fact.

5 If you are studying with Jehovah's witnesses, then what can you do to show appreciation for the ransom? one thing you can do is to heed the apostle Paul's advice to the Philippians. He told them: Where progress has reached, let us continue to walk in the same path. (Philippians 3:16) Another translation of the Bible also explains this verse: Where we have set our eyes, let us keep our eyes on it. So, remember that the path of life is the one you walk on, so let nothing turn you back.Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 Have you recently learned something in the Bible that you do not understand? If so, do your research and pray to Jehovah to help you understand it better. (Ps 86:11) If you do not understand it at all, put it first, but stop studying the Bible. At other times, some bad behavior that the Bible condemns makes it difficult for you to quit. If so, remember that Jehovah does not expect us to do more than we can do.

4. When a person studies the Bible, what makes Jehovah happy?

5. How can Bible students apply the words of Philippians 3:16?

6. If a Bible student does not understand some Bible teaching or finds it difficult to quit a bad habit, what can he do? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also the picture)

January 2026 21

Jehovah does not expect us to do more than we can. Whatever he tells us to do, he will help us to do it (See paragraph 6)

Do not focus on it, but think about the good things that Jehovah has done for you. such as the ransom. if your love for Jehovah is greater, you will see that the law is not a burden. 1 John 5:3.*

7 What about the children your parents are bringing up in the worship of Jehovah? you are also Bible students. in fact, all your parents' Bible students are very important to you. the Bible says: Draw close to God and he will draw close to you. (James 4:8; 1 Chronicles 28:9) So if you do some things that will bring you closer to Jehovah, he will draw closer to you. don't think that your parents are Jehovah's witnesses so that Jehovah loves you, but he wants you to be his friend. what can make you friend with Jehovah? Jesus who died for you; never forget that it is a precious gift that Jehovah has given to you.

* To help you use the Bible you are studying, do the section called

7. What can children who are being raised by their parents in Jehovah's service think about?

22 OWN-ABAN

(Romans 5:1, 2) So this year, before you attend the Memorial, the blessings that Jesus' death has brought you, sit down and meditate on it.

we are going to play, we are going to study, we are going to go to the ministry, but maybe we are just doing it; it is not love for Jehovah that moves us. So if we see that the love we had before is waning, what will we do?

10 The apostle Paul advised Timothy to concentrate his whole mind on serving Jehovah, and to meditate on what he will do to improve his worship. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13, 15.) So try to take that advice to meditation, and look for ways to serve Jehovah well, so that you can keep yourself warm spiritually. (Rom. 12:11) For example, what we will study at the beginning of the lesson, you can study well before you go, or you can focus your mind after the lesson. If you do this, you will benefit greatly from what you are learning. If you burn coal and want to keep it burning, you will continue to add fuel to it. Also, if you want to show appreciation for all the things that Jehovah has done for us, including the ransom, all these things you have mentioned above, you must make a great effort to do. Also, a few weeks before the Memorial of Jesus' death, you can celebrate the blessing that Jehovah has poured on his Witnesses. If you do this, it will help you to think deeply about the ransom, because that opens the way for you to be friends with Jehovah.

11 Even if you find that your zeal for God seems to have fallen,

10

Ask yourself, What steps can I take to improve my relationship with Jehovah? (See paragraph 16)

JW.ORG

So sometimes we need to sit down and look at our lives to see how things are going. We can ask ourselves: How do I live shows that I put God's service first in my life? (Matthew 6:33) When I look at my hobbies, can I say that I hate evil? (Ps 97:10) I am a person who wants peace, and can I try to bring peace to the congregation? (Eph 4:2, 3) This Memorial season is a very good time to think about these questions. Jehovah and his Son Jesus have shown us that they love us. If we do this, it will not stop us from doing what we want, but we will make sure that everything we do pleases Jehovah and Christ.*

THEY WORK TO SERVE JEHOVAH

14 As we speak, some of our brothers and sisters have stopped serving Jehovah. Some of them have been serving Jehovah for many years, others started serving Jehovah a few months later and quit. What causes this? Some have been overwhelmed by life's worries. (Luke 21:34) Some have also been overwhelmed by a fellow Christian who said something or did something that hurt them deeply. (Luke 3:2) Others have also committed a serious sin that they should have sought, but they have not made any progress.

15 For those who have left Jehovah, do you see that Jehovah is angry with them? No! When someone stops serving Jehovah, Jehovah searches for the person intensely. When he finds them, he teaches them, and he helps them to return to him. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16) Do you also see that Jehovah is seeking you to return to him? Yes! Even this article you are reading shows that you want to return to Jehovah. Jehovah saw something good in your heart, that is why he drew you to the truth.

* If you want to know how to show appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you, see the study article What Motivates You to Serve God? in the June 15, 1995, issue of The Watchtower.

14. What has caused some to stop serving Jehovah?

15. For those who have left Jehovah, how does Jehovah show that he cares for them? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

24th of October

There is a good thing in your heart, that is why he wants to draw your child away from him.

16 If you look at the Return to Jehovah booklet, it contains a very encouraging message: Be assured that, if you return to Jehovah, he will take you. He will help you to cope with your anxiety, and remove any pain from you. Then you will have a good conscience and bring peace and happiness. That will help you to return to serve Jehovah with your fellow Christians. Remember also that the elders are ready to help you. They can be a refuge from the wind, the wind and the storms. (Isa. 32:2) We know that you are grateful for it, so ask yourself, What can I do in the past to make things better with Jehovah 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) Some of the things you can do are to attend a meeting at the Kingdom Hall. Also, you can tell one of the elders that you want to return to Jehovah. Maybe he will arrange for someone to study with you again for a while. Remember that every step you take to return to Jehovah shows that you appreciate the ransom, and so Jehovah will bless you.

16. What can help those who have left Jehovah to return to Jehovah? (See also pictures.)

What are you doing?

17 Jesus said that Jehovah sent him to sacrifice his life, so that everyone who believes in him might not be destroyed, but have eternal life. (John 3:16) Sin and death have brought mankind to ruin, but through the ransom Jehovah can make us free. We should never let us forget what the ransom has done for us. (Romans 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) When we have a few days to remember Jesus' death, take time to reflect on the love that Jehovah and Jesus have shown us.

18 Ende, what can you do to show appreciation for the ransom? What you do, it may not be the same as peace. But remember, Jehovah's servants around the world are trying not to live for themselves anymore, but to live for the one who died for them. So you too, if you try to do that, you can be sure that Jehovah will bless you. 2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. If we are close to commemorating the death of Jesus this year, how can we use our time well?

What do you think?

■ If you are a student of the Bible, what can you do to show appreciation for the ransom?

■ If you have been baptized, what can you do to show appreciation for the ransom?

■ If you have stopped serving Jehovah, what can you do to show appreciation for the ransom?

DWOM 14

Praise the new King of the Earth

MARCH 30 APRIL 5, 2026

76 songs

What a joy!

What is the importance of education?

We will look at how to speak the truth, and how to speak the truth in the Bible to win the hearts of people.

If you are teaching the truth, let your language be sweet

Jehovah, the true God. DW 31:5.

WHEN we talk to a brother who is one of Jehovah's Witnesses, the question we often ask is, How did you learn the truth? Some people say that they were raised in the truth by their parents. Others may say that they only recently came to the truth. Whether we were raised in the truth or we are coming to it recently, each of us lets the truth in God's Word lead us in everything. Because we know that, if we live the truth, that is what will make us acceptable to Jehovah in his family. One thing that shows that we are living the truth is to speak the truth and live well. John 15:1-3.

2 Jesus always spoke the truth, and everyone knew it.Even his enemies acknowledged that he spoke the truth, but they did not like the truth. (Matt 22:16) Jesus showed his disciples how people would react to the truth he was teaching.He said: I came to divide, and a man rose up against his father, and a daughter rose up against her mother, and a married woman rose up against her mother. (Matt 10:35) Jesus did not want people to rise up against his disciples, but he knew that because of the truth, this would happen. 23:37) He knew that the truth he was telling would make two people in the world happy; some would like it, others would dislike it.2 Thess 2:9-11.

3 We also hate people because we speak the truth, but we try to always speak the truth in imitation of Jesus.

1. What must we do to gain Jehovah's acceptance in his family?

2. (a) What did people know about Jesus? (b) How would the truth Jesus taught make people behave?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

26

In fact, some people do not like to hear it at all, but we do not accept it. Do you think this means that we should not think about how and when we will teach the truth? No! In this article, we will find answers to these questions: Where will we find the truth? Why should we tell the truth? How should we tell it? When should we teach the truth? Answers to these questions will help us know how to use our mouths when we are teaching the truth, and when it is appropriate to speak.

WHERE is YEBEHU NOKWARE?

4 The truth comes from Jehovah. So every word he says is true. For example, all the words of his laws are true. (Job 19:9; 119:142, 151) Also, he fulfills every prophecy. (Isaiah 55:10, 11) He also keeps every promise he makes. (Num 23:19) The truth is, Jehovah can never lie! (Heb 6:18) All this is why the Bible says that Jehovah is the God of truth.

5 Some say it is difficult to know the true God, Jehovah, but this is not true because everything around us proves that he is there. (Rom. 1:20) While the apostle Paul was speaking with some Greek scholars in Athens, he said that God wants to know him, and he is not far from each one of us. (Read Acts 17:27.)

4. Why can we say that the truth comes from Jehovah?

5. Why is it not difficult to know the true God? explain (Acts 17:27)

6 One way we can know Jehovah is by studying the Bible.The men who wrote the Bible were enabled to write by God's holy spirit. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) So every message in the Bible is true, and we can believe it.For example, the Bible shows us that God created the heavens and the earth, as well as humans and animals. (Gen. 1:1, 26) It also shows us why all humans are sinners and why suffering and death are so widespread (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) Moreover, it says that the problems caused by Satan, the father of lies, will be solved by Jehovah and his Son (John 8:44; Rom 6:23) 16:20) The Bible also says that Jesus will destroy the wicked, resurrect the dead, repair the earth, and help us rid ourselves of all sin and imperfection (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) We can trust all that the Bible says. Jehovah has taught us the truth, and he has allowed us to teach others too. This is a great privilege he has given us!

WHY should we be careful?

7 As we have already seen, if we want to be part of the family of Jehovah, we must speak the truth. However, if we are to be accepted by Jehovah, we must not only speak the truth, but how we speak the truth is also important to Jehovah.

6. What are some of the truths in the Bible, and why are you happy to know this truth?

7-8. Is the way we speak the truth important? give an example. (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also the picture)

January 2026 27

If you are teaching the truth, who are you honoring? (See paragraphs 7-8)

He was surrounded by demons. Among these crowds were some demons who fell at Jesus' feet and shouted: "You are the Son of God. Why did the demons say this truth about Jesus? Maybe they wanted those who heard him to believe in them, and he would slowly draw them away from Jehovah. What the demons said was true, but they had no good intentions.

8 What can we learn from this story? Here, why we tell the truth is very important to Jehovah. For this reason, love for Jehovah is the most important thing that motivates us to teach the truth, and if others give us honor for it, we should give it all to Jehovah! Matt 5:16; compare Acts 14:12-15.

9 As for us, let us look at something else where we should not praise ourselves. Let us say that an elder has told us a secret matter, but you will watch and we will tell others. Those to whom we will tell, later on, if they see that what we have said is true, they may be happy with us, and they will think that we know many secrets. If that happens, we may be given a special respect, but it will not please Jehovah. (Prov. 11:13) Why? Because we have no right to reveal secrets, it does not matter if what we have said is true.

How do we improve our health?

10 Read Colossians 4:6.

9. What should we not do, and why?

10. When the Bible says that we should keep our mouths sweet, what does it mean? (Colossians 4:6)

28th of October

that they should always keep their mouths sweet. What does that mean? the Greek word used here, means that, when we are speaking, we must say things that will help people.

11 Paul's advice to keep our tongue sweet, if we are to teach the truth to others, we must use it.The Bible says that the truth in the Word of God is like a sharp knife that can separate the soul and spirit.This means that what is in us, the Word of God can reveal. (Heb 4:12) However, if we do not use the Bible well, it can cause anger and lead to futile arguments.How can something like this happen?

11-12. If we are teaching the truth, why should we be careful? Give an example. (See also the picture)

12 For example, let us say that we are in the ministry, and we have met a good person. He is a person who often prays to idols, and he and his family celebrate Christmas and Easter. However, we can show him from the Bible that it is not good to pray to idols, and we can show him that Christmas and Easter come from paganism. (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) But if we do that on the first day, the truth is what we have told him, we are also not using the Word of God well.

13 Paul also said that we should not salt the law in our speech. he was not trying to imply that if there is truth in a matter, we should not hide it or twist it. he was encouraging us to make our speech sweet, so that we would tell the truth to people to touch their hearts. (Job 12:11) but this can be difficult. if we cook food, perhaps we can

13. How can we bring salt into our language?

How can you teach the truth well? (See paragraphs 11-12)

If we can imitate Jesus, we must know the right time to teach the truth.

(See paragraph 15)

It has been thought that the amount of salt we want in the food is what everyone wants. When we are talking, we may also think that everyone likes how we talk, but it is not true. For example, if you go to some countries, people say their words clearly; even if the person is older than them, they talk to him the same way. But in other countries, they don't talk like that, so when someone says their words clearly, they are seen to be uncomfortable, and it can hurt them very much. Paul said that we know how to respond.

When is the time to prepare for marriage?

14 When Jesus was speaking to his followers, he always made his speech sweet, and he patiently taught them many things. (Mark 6:34) But they still had much to learn. Do you think Jesus poured out everything he knew on them? No. He knew that there were some things that were not yet time for them to understand. He even said that they could not understand what he had to say to them. (John 16:12) What do we learn from this?

15 The example of Jesus shows that knowing the truth does not mean that, if we are teaching people, we should pour everything we know on them at once. Then how can we imitate Jesus? We must understand people. For example, let us look at the father who celebrates Christmas and Easter with his family. We know that these celebrations are from paganism, and God does not approve of them.

14. When Jesus was on earth, did he teach his disciples everything he knew? Explain.

15. Should we pour out everything we know on our Bible students at once? Explain (Proverbs 25:11) (See also pictures).

30th of October

It is true that some Bible students put into practice what they learn from the Bible immediately; others, it takes time before they can make changes. If we can help our Bible students to progress, what they need to know, we need to know when it is appropriate or when they can learn and tell them.Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 If we are helping people to know the truth about Jehovah, the joy we have is even difficult to explain. If we can help others to continue to walk in the truth, we must do the following: Continue to set a good example for them. (3 John 3, 4) Show by your life that you have a strong belief in the promises in God's Word. If you are telling the truth, do so with a good mindset. If you are teaching the truth, use your tongue always, and know when it is appropriate to speak some words. Also, when people praise you, give all praise to Jehovah. By doing so, you will show that you are serving the true God, Jehovah.

16. How can we help our Bible students to continue to walk in the truth?

Page 29: In the first picture, a brother is in the ministry and he sees a Christmas tree in a father's house; he is explaining a story on jw.org that says Christmas comes from paganism. In the second picture, the brother is explaining a story on jw.org that will help fathers.

What have you learned about your diet?

■ Acts 17:27

■ Colossians 4:6

■ Proverbs 25:11

160 songs

Good news!

THE COUNTRY SAYS the Kingdom of JEHOVAH

January 2026 Vol. 147, No. 1 TWI

What is in your heart?

The topic to be discussed March 2-8 2

Let God continue to guide you

The topic to be studied March 9-15 8

If you are suffering from sadness or anxiety, what can you do

The topic to be studied March 16-22 14

Why we need the ransom

The topic to be studied March 23-29 20

What can you do to show appreciation for the ransom?

The topic of study we will study March 30 April 5 26

If you are teaching the truth, let your language be sweet

The science of education

Draw a picture of the Bible in your mind

Historical events are recorded in the Bible, and we can learn many things from them.If we want to understand them well, we must picture them in our minds.The following tips can help you do that:

• Read to open your mouth. If you read the Bible to open your mouth, it will help you to be able to picture it well in your mind. If you are reading the Bible with your family, the people you are reading about, you can let each member of the family choose one.

• Think about what was going on.Those you are reading about, try to understand what they were thinking about and how they felt.You can ask yourself: Why did the person say the word, or why did he do what he did?

• You can type. The text of the Bible you are reading, if you take pictures of it and type it, it can help you remember it well. Even if the text is not beautiful, it can help you.

This book is not for sale. We use it to do a worldwide Bible teaching work. People give voluntary donations to support the work. If you want to donate, please go to donate.jw.org.

All the Bible texts in this book are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless we indicate that they are from another source.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the website jw.org in English, or click on this link

JW.ORG ®

w26.01-TW