July 2026

THE COUNTRY SAYS the Kingdom of JEHOVAH

NOTE: SEPTEMBER 7October 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

Learn from the Gibeonites

The Gibeonites have made a peace treaty with Israel, and they are with them.

Song 88 Show me your path

What is the importance of education?

We will see what we can learn from the Gibeonites. also, how Jehovah dealt with them, we will see what we can learn from them.

ISRAELFO arrived in the Promised Land 40 years after they left Egypt. Jehovah helped them to conquer large cities like Jericho and Ai. But then something unexpected happened. what happened was that, while they were there, they visited a traveler. Their whole story was that they came from a distant land, and they wanted to make a peace treaty with the Israelites.

2 These travelers were Gibeonites. When they visited the Israelites, it is the first time the Bible speaks of them. The Bible tells us that the Gibeonites lived with the Israelites for many years. What happened in the lives of the Gibeonites and the Israelites is full of many lessons, and it also shows us the character of Jehovah God.

It is necessary to have faith and friendship

3 When the Israelites arrived in the land of Canaan, there were seven nations in the land to be conquered. They were many nations, and they were stronger than the Israelites. (Deut. 7:1) These seven nations included the Hivites, from whom the Gibeonites came. As you look at the Gibeonites, the city they lived in was surrounded by walls; there were also many soldiers, and they had a forest. (Josh. 10:2) After all this, the Gibeonites realized that if they were to defeat the nations after them to fight with the Israelites, they would be defeated. Because they knew that Jehovah was fighting for the Israelites, and he had promised them that he would drive out all the Canaanites from the land (Exodus 34:11; Joshua 9:24) So when the Gibeonites heard that the Israelites had conquered Ye-

1-2. What the Bible says about the Gibeonites, why should we care about it?

3. (a) What kind of people were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did they want peace with the Israelites?

2

The Gibeonites deceived the Israelites to make a peace treaty with them

(See paragraph 4)

After the victory over Riko and Ai, they immediately sent men* to Joshua at Gilgal, to beg him to have mercy on them and to make a covenant that would bring peace between them.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. the Gibeonites pretended to come from a distant land. they said that they had heard about what Jehovah had done through the Israelites to do to the Egyptian and Amorite kings Sihon and Og. but what the Israelites had done to Jericho and Ai, the Gibeonites did not. because the Israelites had not destroyed these cities recently, it would be difficult for someone from a distant land to hear about it so quickly.

The elders of Israel, too, did not ask Jehovah's opinion on the matter at all; they believed all the things the Gibeonites had told them and all the words they had said to them. (Josh. 9:14, 15) It was not long before what the Gibeonites had done was revealed.

5 When the five kings of the Amorites heard that the Gibeonites had taken their garments to kill the Israelites, they joined together to go and teach the Gibeonites wisdom. The Gibeonites cried out to Joshua to help them. (Josh. 10:3-7) So Joshua led the Israelites to save the Gibeonites, and Jehovah also intervened and they won.

* The men who went to Joshua to speak with him were from Gibeon, Kefira, Beeroth, and Kiriath-Yearim.

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites deceive the Israelites to make a peace treaty with them? (see also the picture) (b) When the Israelites saw that the Gibeonites had deceived them, what did the Israelites do?

5. What did the Gibeonites do to show that they had faith in Jehovah?

July 2026

3

Heavy rain fell from the sky to kill some of the Amorites, and the sun stood still until the Israelites conquered the Amorites. (Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites showed that they had great faith in Jehovah. Why? As for you, they themselves begged him to make a peace treaty with the Israelites.

6 What does this story teach us about Jehovah? It shows that Jehovah is humble and also merciful. It seems that Jehovah had already told the Israelites to remove all the people who lived in the land. (Num. 33:51, 52) These people included the Gibeonites. However, because of the promise the Israelites made to the Gibeonites, Jehovah did not allow them to be destroyed. 9:26; 11:19.

7 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? We must strengthen our faith in Jehovah. We will say that we know more about Jehovah than the Gibeonites do. So there are many reasons why we can trust in Jehovah. (Job 40:4, 5) Another lesson we can learn from the Gibeonites is that we must be humble in small tasks that others might consider low in Jehovah's service. (Josh. 9:23, 27) A young brother named Luke says that at one time he lost his job to an elder brother who worked at Bethel. But he did something that showed great humility. At one time, a Kingdom Hall was being built, so we needed some brothers to stay there for the night. As soon as the elder brother heard about it, he volunteered to go and watch. Luke says: What the brother did showed me that when we say that we are very humble, it is not our words that show it, it is our actions that show it. So as the Gibeonites did, when we also have problems and rely on them, it shows that Jehovah is with us.

If someone believes in you, leave it to Jehovah

8 Many years later, the story of the Gibeonites reappears in the Bible. At that time, Saul was the king of Israel, and he turned his eyes on the Gibeonites who lived in Israel.

9 What Saul did to the Gibeonites, Jehovah did nothing about it immediately. He waited until David succeeded Saul before he did something about it. Jehovah caused a severe famine to occur in Israel for three years, causing a severe famine. David asked Jehovah why this happened, and Jehovah told him that Saul and his household had been guilty of bloodguilt because some years had passed

* The Bible does not give a specific reason for Saul's retreat to Israel and Judah. Some scholars suggest that it is possible that Saul did not love strangers in his country.

6. What can we learn from Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we imitate the faith and humility of the Gibeonites? (See also the picture.)

8. What did Saul do to the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah act on what Saul did to the Gibeonites?

4

He's on the other side of the fence

Do small things that others think are low, and follow the example of the Gibeonites

(See paragraph 7)

because they did not treat him well with the Gibeonites. Therefore, they will not be punished.2 Sam 21:1

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. David asked the Gibeonites how he would compensate them for the wrongs that Saul had done to them? the Gibeonites would say that David had done nothing about the matter before, so they would ask him to pay them a large amount of money? for you, look at what the Gibeonites told David. they said that the matter was not a matter of silver or gold. So David told the Gibeonites that they could kill seven men from the house of Saul. It is possible that these men were among those who helped Saul to kill the Gibeonites. After that, the rain began to rain in Israel, and the drought and famine ended. This means that, now, Jehovah has turned away his anger from the Israelites.2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

11 What does this story teach us about Jehovah? It teaches us that Jehovah hates injustice. (Ps 37:28) Today, some people, if you are not from the same country, or how you feel about them, disrespect you, and they can treat you badly. However, that is not what Jehovah wants us to do, he wants us to treat all people well. Another lesson in the matter is that, just as Jehovah expected the Israelites to fulfill the pledge they made to the Gibeonites, we also expect to fulfill any pledge we made.

12 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? Even if a fellow Christian does not treat us well, we must wait for Jehovah. We must remember that Jehovah's times are good times, so in his time, he will deal with them. When we do this, we show that we trust in Jehovah that he can solve our problems for us.

10. As 2 Samuel 21:3-6 shows, what did the Gibeonites do to show that they wanted to obey Jehovah's Law?

11. What does this story teach us about Jehovah?

12. If someone does not treat us well, what can we do to imitate the Gibeonites?

July 2026 5

For example, let us take the case of a sister named Laura French. In 1926 she went to work at Bethel, and ten years later she suffered a serious case. She was charged with apostasy. Because of that case, Sister French was expelled from Bethel. Although the case went to her, she was not announced. Instead she dedicated herself to the pioneer work for four years. After that, Sister French was again invited to Bethel in 1940; she was surprised and very happy. She continued to serve Jehovah faithfully for 50 years until her death. Sister French's case shows us that even if our brothers and sisters do not treat us well, we should not repay evil for evil. Rather, our only responsibility is to surrender to Jehovah, and in due time he himself will take care of the correction. Isa. 26:3, 4.

WORK FOR YEHOWAH WORK AND HATE

13 Some 500 years after David's death, the story of the Gibeonites reappears in the Bible.The Jews lived in Babylon for 70 years, and in 537 B.C., some of them returned to Jerusalem with Governor Zerubbabel. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Then some came with the scribe Ezra in 468 B.C. (Ezra 7:1-7) Those who followed Governor Zerubbabel and the scribe Ezra to Jerusalem were among the Nephites. (See Ezra 2:58 and 7:7) So we ask, who were these Nephites? They were temple servants or temple servants who were not Israelites, and it is likely that many of them were descendants of the Gibeonites.

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 and the footnote. The temple ministers were among the first people to come to Jerusalem from Babylon. What they did shows that they had great faith, because not all the Jews who had been exiled from Babylon returned to Jerusalem. It is possible that some of the Jews had made a fortune in Babylon, so it was difficult for them to leave the good life they had lived there to help rebuild Jerusalem. However, some of the Jews showed that they had great faith. Although they were returning to Jerusalem, it was not easy, but they did not let anything interfere with their paths. These people may have included some of the Gibeonites. The Jews had land in Israel, but the Gibeonites had no land. However, they did not take it for themselves; they returned to resume the work they were doing at the temple, and they also helped rebuild the walls of Jerusalem. Neh 3:26.

15 What does this story teach us about Jehovah? This story teaches us that if someone offers a sacrifice to Jehovah, Jehovah will never forget the person, and he will never abandon him! Why do we say that? Looking at how the Amorites attacked the Gibeonites, Jehovah did not stop; he saved them. Furthermore, when the Babylonians destroyed Jerusalem, Jehovah protected the Gibeonites. Also, when the Jews returned from Babylon, Jehovah did not forget the Gibeonites; he made them continue the work they were doing at the temple. Some of the Gibeonites even lived near the temple (Ezra 2:70; Neh. 11:21) Because of the work they were doing at the temple, they paid no taxes.Esra 7:24.

13.Who were the Nethinim, and when the Jews returned from Babylon, what did they do?

14. What did the Gibeonites do to show that they supported the worship of Jehovah? (1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote)

15. What does this story of the Gibeonites teach us about Jehovah?

6 OWN-ABAN

16 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? we too, want to be active in Jehovah's service, and we want to help others to know him. because we love Jehovah and want to please his heart, if anything is necessary to sacrifice in order to serve him well, we do it. a brother named Alwin from the Philippines exemplified this. If he does so, the joy he gets is not a small matter. At one point, Alwin wanted to quit his job to become a regular pioneer. So he often brought the matter before Jehovah to help him find a job that would make him a regular pioneer. He knew that the new job he would get, compared to the salary of the oil job he was doing, would not be going anywhere. But that is not what he was looking for at all. He, the pioneer, was the only thing he needed. Later, his wife also became a pioneer, and they both have been able to help 21 people to become Jehovah's Witnesses. What Alwin and his wife have done, it is not something that Jehovah will never forget. In the same way, whatever you have sacrificed in Jehovah's service, be assured that Jehovah will never forget, and he will make sure you get what you need.Matt 6:33.

17 This story of the Gibeonites has taught us many things about Jehovah. It has taught us that Jehovah is humble, compassionate, just, and faithful. Also, when his servants make sacrifices in his worship, he never lets their hands drop. We have learned another lesson from the Gibeonites story that we can apply to our lives. For example, if we encounter a problem or a fateful task, we must rely on Jehovah and have faith in him. Not only that, if people treat us badly, we must remember that Jehovah's times are good times, so we must give everything to him. We have also learned that we must support the worship of Jehovah with zeal and zeal. So let us do everything we can to imitate the Gibeonites.

16. What can we learn from the Gibeonites?

17. What have we learned from the story of the Gibeonites?

What do you think?

■ What can we do to show that we have faith and humility like the Gibeonites?

■ What can we do to imitate the Gibeonites when someone does not treat us well?

■ How can we support the worship of Jehovah like the Gibeonites?

SONG 148 Jehovah is a Savior

September 14-20, 2026

Song 41 Listen to my prayer

What is the importance of education?

Reading the book of Isaiah can strengthen us if we are depressed or sad.

The Book of Isaiah can comfort you

This is what Jehovah says:

YOU, imagine that a child is crying, and you shake him where he is not fit. Perhaps the only reason he is crying is because he and his parents are moving from one place to another. So he feels sad that he is leaving his friends. Or maybe he has made a mistake, and he is crying because of his heartburn. When that happens, what will the mother who loves her child do? She will protect her child's thief, and she will listen to the reason she is crying.

2 When we look at the Bible, Jehovah is like a mother who loves and comforts her child. He says: Just as a mother comforts her son, so I will continue to comfort you. (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah's love for us is greater than any parent's love for his child. (Isa. 49:15) Jehovah has given us much comfort in his word the Bible, so when we grieve or comfort ourselves, it can strengthen us.Rom. 15:4.

3 Jehovah has filled the book of Isaiah with comfort. (Isa. 40:1) At one time, things were difficult for Jehovah's people who lived in Judah. As a loving Father, Jehovah inspired Isaiah to write many words to strengthen them. We also live in difficult times, so we need comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) So, let us look at how some of the words in the book of Isaiah can comfort and strengthen us in the following situations. Lastly, while grieving the death of a loved one.

1-2. When we are depressed or depressed, what does Jehovah do to help us?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

8

When the time is right

4 Things can suddenly change in our lives. (Eccl. 9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) Maybe a disease can destroy us, our economy can be chaotic, politics can lead to conflicts, or the organization of Jehovah can change our activities. If such a change comes, it can make you feel overwhelmed and even confused. When that happens, you may ask; So now, what should I do? A brother named Joseph has worked at Bethel for 17 years, and later he is assigned to a regular pioneer. he says: I have been sleeping. So I didn't know what to do. If things suddenly change like that, what assurance does Jehovah give us in the book of Isaiah that can help us?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. If someone feels that his whole world is in darkness and he cannot find a place to go, Jehovah promises to guide him, and he will turn the darkness to light. If our lives suddenly change and we do not know what lies ahead of us, it can seem like blindness to us, like walking on a path we have not taken, walking in the dark, or walking in the dark. He will take us by the hand into the darkness, he will make our path light, and where it has become

4. If things change suddenly in our lives, how can it affect us?

5. What assurance does Jehovah give us at Isaiah 42:16? (See also the picture.)

Even if things suddenly change in your life, Jehovah will never leave you (See paragraph 5)

If you follow the path you did not follow, I will not leave you.

He will give us good advice through his Word, the Bible, and his friends (Ps 119:105; Isa 30:21) and he will also use our fellow Christians and others to help us. So even when things are difficult and we don't know what lies ahead, we can be confident that Jehovah will guide us, because he loves us and he knows what we are going through. Isa 41:10; 1 Pet 5:6, 7.

6 Joseph, mentioned earlier, shows how Jehovah helped him and his wife when they left Bethel. He says: When we left Bethel we saw Jehovah's hand in our lives very much. He helped us through our brothers and sisters. Everything we needed in life, Jehovah reminded us, and comforted us very much. Whatever happens, he is with me.* Sometimes, things may not go as we expect, but we must remember that in everything that happens in our lives, Jehovah is with us.

WHEN EVERYTHING that has been destroyed has been destroyed

7 If we commit a serious sin and tell the elders, they will help us because they love us.

* The lyrics of the song are from songs that are not in our songbook.

6. When things suddenly change in our lives, what assurance can we have?

7. How can the bad things some have done in the past make them feel?

(Prov. 28:13; Jas. 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) But even though Jehovah forgives us all our sins, our conscience can torment us in the same way. You may say, How can Jehovah forgive me for this sin I have committed? (2 Cor. 2:7) If you also feel this way, it is understandable, because the thought of the sins we have committed in the past can overwhelm us, and it can be difficult to remove them from our minds. 38:3, 8) Likewise, if you are still suffering from past sins, then the book of Isaiah will be very helpful to you.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah gives us a short illustration showing how he forgives our sins completely. He says that even if our sins are like snow, he will make them like snow.

9 As for you, let us take the example of King David. Although he broke a marriage and also committed murder, Jehovah forgave him, and he later described David as a man who served him with a pure heart. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Kings 9:4, 5) As for Jehovah, he focused his attention on David's loyalty to him, not on the sins he had committed in the past.

8-9. How does Isaiah 1:18 show how Jehovah forgives?

10 OWN-ABAN

You have thrown all my sins behind you.

Jehovah does not look at past sins (See paragraph 11)

can it help us when our conscience is troubling us?

10 Read the footnote of Isaiah 38:17. The phrase, Wash away all my sins, can also be translated as, You have removed all my sins from before you.This illustration shows that, when a sinner sins against himself, Jehovah puts his sins behind him, so that Jehovah will never see or think about them again. Another book says, they can interpret this phrase as: You have made [my sins] as if I had not sinned. So when Jehovah forgives us all our sins, it is not as if we had never done anything wrong; he will not repeat it, and he will not repeat our sins again. You have promised: I will remember your sins no more. (Isaiah 43:25) Do you not find this statement very comforting? If Jehovah is the Supreme Judge

You should never let your past sins ruin the joy you have in serving Jehovah

even the bad memories we have made in the past, then why should we let them trouble us?

11 Whenever we are tormented by past sins, we must remember the assurance that Jehovah has given us. He has told us that if he forgives sins, he forgives them. We should not be ashamed of past sins. Furthermore, he is not like humans who are angry with him. (Isaiah 57:16) Jehovah does not look at past sins, but what is important to him is how we live now, and how we strive to please him. (Isaiah 55:7)

10. What comfort is found in Isaiah 38:17?

11. Regardless of the bad things we have done in the past, what does Jehovah look at us for? (See also the pictures.)

July 2026 11

The dead will live.

The hope we have that we will see our loved ones who have died again will be fulfilled in any way (See paragraph 14)

The God we serve, he is a God who truly loves us and forgives sins! Therefore, we should never let past sins destroy the joy we have in serving Jehovah. Furthermore, we should not let that cause us to stop serving Jehovah for the blessings we will get in the future.

WHEN a patient is married to a doctor

12 When a loved one dies, sadness can take us, and the pain we feel can last long. Sometimes we do not understand that Jehovah watched over the death of our loved one. Let us look at a brother named Michael; a fire burned his parents' house, and it killed them. He says: My heart broke, and I was angry with Jehovah that he watched over them to die. I know that he did not kill them, but he did nothing about it. Maybe you have felt that way before. If a loved one dies, what comfort and hope does Jehovah give us?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah has promised that death will be eradicated forever. For you, imagine that you live in a world where death is no longer there. It will never happen that a loved one dies to grieve. (Isaiah 35:10) Likewise, you will never find that a loved one is in a grave to be buried. Instead, you have the hope that you and your loved ones will live together forever.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. It is not just that Jehovah will eliminate death; he will resurrect our loved ones who have died.

12. When a loved one dies, how can we feel?

13. What promise does Jehovah give us at Isaiah 25:8?

14. When you think about the resurrection, how does it make you feel? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also pictures.)

12 OWN-ABAN

He says: "The bodies will rise.This shows that they belong to Jehovah, and he remembers them all. So when he has set the time for them, he will kill them. Just as the morning rain makes the plants fruitful, so Jehovah the Provider of life will bring our dead loved ones back to life.

15 Although the promise that Jehovah has given us that he will remember our loved ones who have died, it does not relieve our grief, it does comfort us to know that Jehovah has not forgotten them. Michael, mentioned earlier, this hope comforted him. He says: Isaiah 26:19 helped me to know that my parents are deeply in Jehovah's heart. I know that he has not forgotten them, he will continue to remember them until he remembers them in the future.

16 We have seen how some of the words in the book of Isaiah can comfort us when things suddenly change in our lives, when we are troubled by a past sin, or when we are grieving the death of a loved one. We are happy that Jehovah, through his Word, comforts us and touches our hearts. (Ps. 94:19) If you are going through a difficult time, is there even a specific history that comforts you? If so, then you can remember it, you can remember it, or you can go to another place where you will know it. We have confidence that the words our loving heavenly Father, Jehovah, often comforts us, will comfort you.

15. How does the resurrection hope help us when we lose a loved one?

16. If you are going through a difficult situation, what is the specific Tworamatia that comforts you?

PAGE 9: A couple moved from Bethel to a new congregation, and the brothers welcomed them. PAGE 11: A brother is in a pioneer school, and he is happy; he does not let the bad he has done in the past trouble him.

ARAKYEKYIKIES AND YOU . . .

■ Isaiah 42:16?

■ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

DWOM 3

Our strength, our hope and our confidence

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

Song 12

Sovereignty, Jehovah God

What is the importance of education?

We will look at what it means to know Jehovah, why we should know Jehovah well, and how we can know him well.

Continue to know Jehovah well

Know the God your father serves, and serve him with a wholehearted heart. 1 BE 28:9.

WHEN we think about the nature of the Creator, we are amazed. For this reason, we may also say the words of the apostle Paul: O how deep is God's wealth and wisdom and knowledge! We can never measure his judgments, and we can never measure his ways! Rom 11:33, 34.

2 Although we cannot know everything about Jehovah, what will help us to know how he is, we can know.The reason we say this is that King David said to his son Solomon: Know the God your father worshipped, and worship him with a pure heart.If you seek him, he will let you find him. (1 Chronicles 28:9) Many years later, the apostle John also told his fellow Christians that they can get knowledge of the true one. (1 John 5:20) Jesus also said, anyone who wants to know the Father well, he will help him to find him.Matt 11:27.

3 We who have dedicated ourselves to Jehovah, we have already learned a lot about him. But we will never know him, or we will never study him fully. (John 17:3) For example, we can learn about what we do to please Jehovah, and how we can gain greater confidence in him, every day. Whether we have been in the congregation for a long time or recently, let us consider some of the questions. It will help us all to know Jehovah better.

1. How do we feel when we think about Jehovah's wisdom, knowledge and miracles?

2. What shows that we can know Jehovah well?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

14

WHAT DOES it mean to say that one must see JEHOVAH?

4 When we think about what Jehovah said about the Jews who would return from Babylon, we see what will help us to know Jehovah better. Jehovah said: I will give them a heart to know that I am Jehovah. (Jeremiah 24:7) Those who came from Babylon already knew much about Jehovah. However, if they were to know Jehovah well, they had to examine him with all their hearts and minds. One book explained: Knowing God well, that is, to say that someone knows God well, there is a big difference. It is like someone reading about love, and someone falling in love with someone. It is not scary to see that there is a God, whose name is Jehovah.

5 When we are trying to know Jehovah well, it reveals what he likes and dislikes. Let us take the example of King Josiah.The Bible says: In the 8th year of his reign, while he was still a child, he began to seek the God of his grandfather David. (2 Chronicles 34:3) But he not only learned about Jehovah, but he also applied what he learned.

6 Read Psalm 9:10.

When he recovers, it will increase our confidence in him.The Apostle Paul saw that this statement is true. While he was in prison shortly before his death, he cried: I am not ashamed. because I know the One I have believed in. (2 Tim. 1:12) What Paul had learned about Jehovah and how he had helped him in his life, it gives him the ability to rely on him completely. This shows that Paul had confidence in Jehovah that he would not forget his faithfulness to serve him, and in the future he will bring him to life.

WHY is it important to love Jehovah?

7 When we first began to learn about Jehovah, we put ourselves to learn more about him so that we can know him better. However, if we serve Jehovah long enough, we may take him as we have known him. Why can that happen? When we are reading the Bible at home or at a study, how we apply what we are learning, and how we can help others, we may focus our attention on it. If we do that too, we do not do wrong, because the Bible tells us not to do such things. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) However, the Bible also teaches us about Jehovah. 25:8-10) Therefore, when we are reading the Bible, we should not focus solely on helping us and others, but we should also ask ourselves: What does what I am reading teach me about Jehovah God?*

8 If we know Jehovah well, it will help us

* If you look at the New World Translation, the front page has a section called What is in the Word of God. See the 20th question.

4. What will help us to know Jehovah better?

5. When it comes to knowing Jehovah well, what can we learn from King Josiah?

6. As Psalm 9:10 shows, how will it help us to know Jehovah well?

7. What can happen if we dedicate ourselves to serving Jehovah?

8. How will knowing Jehovah help our friendship with him? (Psalm 73:24-28)

July 2026 15

For example, if you read the Bible every day, watch a monthly broadcasting program, or attend a meeting, how do you feel? When we do that, we feel closer to our heavenly Father. Why? Because we have learned so much about him. That is why we praise and thank him. We feel like the singer Asaf.

9 The Bible tells us to know Jehovah. (Prov 3:5, 6) This means that we should think about the things we have learned about Jehovah, and keep in mind that how we live is important to Jehovah. Doing so will help us make good decisions. For example, there are some brothers and sisters who can put their spouse's picture on their table, put it in their wallet, or put it on their phone. We too, if we think about Jehovah often, it will help us to make decisions that will please him.

10 Jehovah created us in his image, so we can imitate his character (Gen. 1:26) If we continue to learn about Jehovah, it will help

9. How will it help us to know Jehovah?

10. How will it help us if we continue to learn about Jehovah?

Jesus strongly rebuked the scribes and Pharisees for not showing God's character. Although the smallest things in the law were taken lightly, the most important elements of the law, such as justice, mercy and faithfulness, were taken lightly. (Matt 23:23) For us, we should not imitate the scribes and Pharisees, but we should focus on Jehovah's character when we read the Bible. If we do this, it will help us to imitate Jehovah's character.1 John 4:8, 11.

How can we see Jehovah?

11 Who helped you to know Jehovah? You may have been raised in the truth by your parents. You may have been taught Bible verses that reveal Jehovah's character, and you may have been taught that the things that Jehovah has created reveal his character. Or perhaps a Witness of Jehovah came to visit you and studied the Bible with you. Like the Bible verses and the things that Jehovah has created to reveal his character, perhaps the book You Can Have Happiness Forever! with your student helped you to reflect more deeply on them.* (Nehemiah 8:8; Acts 14:17) In each case, let us look at what we can learn and do about Jehovah.

12 The first thing that will help us to know Jehovah better is to work hard

* See You Can Be Happy Forever! book, lesson 07 paragraphs 5-7.

11. How did you know Jehovah?

12-13. When we read the Bible, what can help us know about Jehovah? give an example. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also the picture on the front of this issue.)

16 OWN-ABAN

Think about what Jehovah has created, and it will help you to know him well

(See paragraph 15)

Study the Bible. Sometimes the Bible specifically describes a specific character of Jehovah. (Exodus 34:6, 7) However, it often refers to events in people's lives and decisions. So if you read a Bible story like this, be patient and look at what it tells you about Jehovah.

13 Let us take an example. Let us say that you are reading Jeremiah 38:6-13 and you see that the Ethiopian Ebed-melech did something to save the prophet Jeremiah. Perhaps what you will think about is what you can learn from Ebed-melek; his self-sacrifice, courage and love. Whenever you read a passage in the Bible, try to see the character of Jehovah in it, and thank him for letting you see that character.

14 The second thing that will help us to know Jehovah better is to meditate on the things he has created. (Ps 145:9, 10) However, it is not just by looking at creation that we can get to know Jehovah better. Some people spend their whole lives studying creation, but they do not believe that there is a God and they cannot see his character. Paul said that God's invisible qualities . . . have been clearly revealed since the creation of the world, and by the things he has done. (Rom 1:20) Some versions of the Bible describe this verse as, if you think about things well, you can understand God's character. If we look at the things that Jehovah has created and think about them, we will know his character.

15 Many of us live in cities

14. Why should we think about what Jehovah has created?

15. What has Patrick done to get to know Jehovah better, and how can you imitate him? (See also the pictures.)

July 2026 17

So we don't see much of Jehovah's creation. Even if you live in such a place, you can look at the things that Jehovah has created and learn something about him. Let us look at a brother named Patrick who lives in Brazzaville; a large town in the Republic of the Congo. He says: Every day I try to look at Jehovah's creation. I often see chickens and birds who are alert looking at food and shelter. He continued his story: I learned that Jehovah cares deeply about his creatures; even the little animals that come upon them are useless. This gave me confidence that Jehovah cares for me and has his eye on me, so he will never let anything I need go to waste.

16 The third thing that will make us know Jehovah very well is that we think about what he has done for us. This is how Mary, the mother of Jesus, did it. We will say she already knew Jehovah well, and she had gained His favor. (Luke 1:30) But Jehovah gave her a great task; that is, to bear the Son of God. This was a great task, so that Jehovah encouraged her and touched her heart through the angel Gabriel and the relative of Mary Elizabeth.

16. What helped Jesus' mother Mary to know Jehovah well, and what can we learn from her? (See also the picture.)

If you think about what Jehovah has done for you, it will help you to know him better

(See paragraph 16)

18 OWN-ABAN

Even when people do not treat them well, Jehovah does something for them. (Luke 1:46-55) Mary recognized that Jehovah has done something for her, and supported her, so she appreciated it. we too, when Jehovah helps us at the right time, we should appreciate it. (Heb 4:16) When Jehovah does something to help you, sit down and ask yourself: So what has Jehovah done to help me, what makes me know about him? What are his qualities?

YERENTUMI SUMMARY Jehovah's Word has never been heard

17 As we enter the new world, the things we will learn about Jehovah are not a game. At that time, Jehovah will give us a scroll of books that will let us know what he likes and dislikes. (Rev. 20:12) There, regardless of whether you look left or right, you will only see things created by God. So it will teach us many things about Jehovah. (Isa. 11:6-9) For you, imagine that you are in Paradise, and things are getting worse, evil is gradually disappearing, and your loved ones who have died are also resurrected.

18 As for Jehovah, we can never fully understand him! He is always there, so we cannot fully understand him. (Ps 90:2; 147:5) The fact is, the work that the true God has done from beginning to end is never recognized by humans. (Eccl 3:11) So whether we have been in the congregation for a long time or just recently, let us all help ourselves to learn about our loving Father well.

17-18. Why can we say that we can never learn about Jehovah completely?

Above the picture: Ebed-melech takes Jeremiah out of the pit; what he did shows that he was very courageous. Page 18: A brother who was overwhelmed by anxiety is reflecting on how Jehovah helped him to do his work during the midweek study.

What do you think?

■ What does it mean to know Jehovah well?

■ Why should we continue to know Jehovah well?

■ How can we know Jehovah better?

SONG 28 What Jehovah Will Take as a Friend

SEPTEMBER 28 October 4, 2026

Help others to know Jehovah

Psalm 79 Help them to stand firm

If someone wants to have eternal life, they must know that you are the only true God. YOH. 17:3.

What is the importance of education?

How to help your Bible student to know Jehovah, his character, and what he likes and dislikes.

WHEN YOUR Bible student starts to come to a study, starts to answer, shares some of what he is learning with others and decides to get baptized, how do you feel? When that happens, it makes you happy! But we know that when our Bible student makes such progress, it is not our strength, but it is with Jehovah's help. When we see that someone is growing in the truth, we give all the praise to Jehovah.1 Cor 3:5-9; 3 John 3, 4.

2 God's heart is that he will save all kinds of people and give them accurate knowledge of the truth. (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know him. Not only that, everything he intended to do for mankind, he also wants people to know. (Jer 9:24) If we can do that, we must have accurate knowledge of the truth. So when a Bible student knows Jehovah, the knowledge he gains changes his life, giving him the hope that he can have eternal life. John 17:3.

3 Jehovah is very kind to us; he has given us the opportunity to help others to know him. In this article, we will discuss these questions. First, why should Bible students know Jehovah well? second, how can we help Bible students to know how Jehovah is? and lastly, how can we help them to apply what they are learning in their lives?

1. When you see a Bible student making progress, how do you feel?

2. What is the heart of Jehovah? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we discuss in this article?

20

BOA OSUANI

4 Jesus said that the greatest of the commandments is to love Jehovah with all one's heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) If a Bible student can love Jehovah, he must first know Jehovah. Therefore, our Bible students must be motivated by love for Jehovah to dedicate themselves to baptism, not just because of a lesson they like, or something they like about us. Therefore, when we are studying the Bible with someone, what we must keep in our minds is that we will help the person to know Jehovah and love him.

5 Love is there, and it goes with obedience; if you love someone you listen to. So when your Bible student gets to know Jehovah and gets love for him, no one will tell him to listen to him. Jesus said: What the world will do to know that I love the Father, what the Father has commanded me to do, that is what I am doing. (John 14:31) Our Bible students are likewise; if they learn to love Jehovah more than anything in their lives, they obey Jehovah, and they turn away from Jehovah without rebellion.1 John 5:3.

6 If a student of the Bible knows Jehovah well, it will not be difficult for him to make a decision that is consistent with Jehovah's mind. For example, if someone wants to learn how to build a car, it is not just by seeing the rules of the car that he sees the light, or by looking with his eyes at a person who drives a car that he will see the light. Instead, he must sit behind the steering wheel and often use it to drive the road.

That will allow you to meet different situations, and see what to do in each one. Our Bible students, it is not just because we are studying the Bible with them, it shows that they know Jehovah. Rather, what we are studying with them, if they apply it in their lives, and see the benefits, it will help them to know Jehovah better. If they continue to gain knowledge of Jehovah, and see how he helps them in life, it will help them to make good decisions.

7 For example, because he knew Jehovah well, it helped him when Potiphar's wife tried to have sex with him. When Joseph was a child, he may have heard about Adam and Eve and Abraham and Sarah. (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) Because of this, Joseph knew Jehovah's view of marriage and sexual relations. For this reason, Joseph made a good decision. Likewise, we must help our Bible students to know Jehovah well, to know how he is.

Help your child to learn how to know Jehovah

8 How can you help your Bible student to know how Jehovah is? When Jehovah wanted to show Job how he is, he used questions. Jehovah asked Job more than 50 questions. (Job 38:141:34)

4. In view of the passage in Mark 12:30, what should we keep in mind when we study the Bible with someone?

5. If your Bible student develops love for Jehovah, how will it affect him?

6. How will it help a Bible student to know Jehovah well?

7. How did Joseph benefit from knowing Jehovah well?

8. How can you use the book You Can Be Happy Forever! to help your Bible student see how Jehovah is?

July 2026 21

Questions that help us to explain better

There are many questions in the book You Can Be Happy Forever! that can help your Bible students to know Jehovah better.

How does Jehovah view those who preach the good news? (lecture 21)

When you look at what you have learned about Jehovah and Jesus, do you see that when people are judged, they will be judged with injustice or justice?

When you listen to Jehovah and do your things wisely, how does he feel?

If we marry someone who does not love Jehovah, how do you think Jehovah will feel? (study 42)

What is in this verse that shows us that when Jehovah forgives sins, he forgives? (lection 56)

How does Jehovah deal with sinners that shows that he understands, is merciful, and also has love? (lection 57)

We too, when studying with our Bible students, we should use questions. If you look at the book You Can Have Happiness Forever! for example, the questions that are there, the purpose is to help the Bible students learn more about Jehovah, and to know how he is. (See the box Questions That Help Us to Teach Better) So when you are studying the book, use those questions.

9 When we start studying with others, we should encourage them to read the Bible daily as soon as possible.* How can we help them to get the most benefit from their Bible reading? We can show them that, after reading a passage in the Bible, they can ask themselves, Why exactly did Jehovah allow this passage to be included in the Bible? What is the character of Jehovah that this passage shows me? The example of this is the apostle James.

10 We want to help our Bible students see how a passage in the Bible can help them to know what Jehovah likes and dislikes.

* See the 05th chapter of the book You Can Have Happiness Forever, the section that focuses on this includes: Purpose to read the Bible every day. Read the Bible Every Day section, if you follow it, it will help you to do so.

9-10. (a) What will help our Bible students to get the most benefit from their Bible reading? (James 5:11) (b) Give an example of how a Bible account reveals what Jehovah likes and dislikes.

22 OWN-ABAN

Help your Bible student to see that if he reads a passage in the Bible and does not understand it, he is thinking about what he already knows about Jehovah (See paragraphs 12-13)

In the early days of the Bible, he wanted to read about the time when Daniel was thrown into the lion's den. In doing so, you can encourage him to think about some questions such as: Why did Jehovah save Daniel? How does this story make me know what pleases Jehovah? (Daniel 6:10, 22) He can also ask himself: What happened to the men who were accused of Daniel? What are some things that are displeasing to Jehovah? (Daniel 6:4, 5, 24) Also, he can ask himself, what other characteristics of Jehovah does this story make me know? Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 When our Bible student shows us that we are helping him in life, we are very happy. but we must let him know that everything he is learning comes from Jehovah, the Great Teacher. (Isa. 30:20, 21) Sometimes a Bible student may praise us and perhaps tell us how we teach him

11. How can we help a Bible student to see that what we are learning comes from Jehovah?

It is true that a person is something worthy of praise, but we must let them know that if they have gratitude, it is Jehovah who deserves it.

Help your bible education and help the student do their homework

12 If your Bible student can see the value of what he is learning, then how can you help him to use what he is learning? First, if he is reading a passage in the Bible and he does not understand what he already knows about Jehovah, help him to think about it. For example, maybe your student is reading something about Jehovah's judgment, and he is thinking about why some of them have been ruined, and some of them have not been ruined by Jehovah. If your Bible student is in such a situation, how will you help him to understand?

13 You can encourage him to think about what he already knows about Jehovah.

12-13. If your Bible student reads a Bible text and does not understand it, how can you help him? (see also the pictures.)

July 2026 23

Do we respect life? (2 Pet. 3:9) Even though we are evil, what has Jehovah done to save us? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Will Jehovah punish an innocent person? or, if someone deserves punishment, will he let the person reveal himself? (Ex. 34:6, 7) In some cases, the Bible does not explicitly explain why Jehovah made a decision.

14 Let us consider a second way in which your student can apply what he is learning about Jehovah. Let us say that your student is starting to study, and it is difficult for him to get close to a brother. Maybe the brother has done something for the name. If so, the way Jehovah sees our Christian brothers, help your student to see them that way. He can ask himself

14. If a brother does something to hurt your student, how can you help him?

Help your Bible student to make decisions that please Jehovah (See paragraphs 15-16)

Because of the love that Jehovah has for our brothers, what has he sacrificed for them? (John 3:16) How do we feel about the unity among us? (Psalm 133:1) How does Jehovah feel when he sees that we are doing everything to protect the unity among us? (2 Cor. 13:11) Help your Bible student to see that he should focus on the good qualities of others, not their faults.

15 The last thing you can do is to help your Bible student make good decisions about what he is learning. In the 35th lesson of the book You Can Always Be Happy! you can draw attention to it; its title is How can we make good decisions. But let us not assume that your student has prayed about the matter, done any research he needs to do, but it is difficult for him to make a decision. He said: I always do what pleases my Father. (Read John 8:29.) You can encourage your student to ask himself: Looking at all the things I have learned about Jehovah, and all the research I have done, what decision will make him happy?

16 Let us consider a woman who was studying with her siblings in Chile; she had to make a big decision in her life. Her family wanted to go and do a job that would make her a lot of money, but it prevented her from going to school regularly.

15-16. (a) When a Bible student has to make a big decision, how can he imitate Jesus? (John 8:29) (b) What did Marianne do to help her Bible student make a good decision? (See also pictures.)

24th of October

She decided not to do the work, and soon, she got a job that would make her go to school regularly.Let us also remember that Marianne did not teach her student to do this or that, but what her student already knows about Jehovah, she helped her to study it. For you, listen to what Marianne said about her student: "My student has learned that if we put Jehovah's service first, Jehovah will also look after us.

Life when you see JEHOVAH and believe in Him

17 When we study with people, we teach them many things, including the basic teachings of the Bible, such as the condition of the dead, the ransom, and the Kingdom of God.

17. What is the most important thing we should help our Bible students understand?

also show them how things are organized in the congregation. such as, what happens during our meetings, the work of the elders and how the Governing Body leads the congregation.

18 We have had the great privilege of helping others to know Jehovah better. Even today, the joy of those who have known Jehovah and are serving him cannot be compared to anything. (Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, too, those who will gain the knowledge of Jehovah will live forever. (1 John 5:20) But that is not all; the Bible also tells us that anyone who tries to know and love Jehovah, he also knows him.

18. When a person knows Jehovah well, what blessings do they get?

Page 24: How Marianne's Bible student refused a job that would make her get the money.

What do you think?

■ Why should a Bible student know Jehovah well?

■ How can you help your Bible student to see how Jehovah is?

■ How can we help our Bible students to apply what they are learning?

Song 84 We will support the work

ASETENAM NSEM

Let Jehovah continue to train me

KEN KIUCHI's words

The first day I walked to the printing house at Brooklyn Bethel in New York, USA, I will never forget what I saw there. The noise of the printing press going back and forth, I had never seen it like that. The paper they were working on had dust in the room, and the oil was standing in the room.

I saw many things there, but what touched my heart most was the brothers and sisters who worked there. The work that the young men and women there were doing, people saw it as hard work. Also, the hard work they did, people rarely noticed and even laughed at them. But they enjoyed the work they did. When we say that a person serves Jehovah with humility, these brothers made me know what it really means.

For many years, Jehovah has continued to train me so that I can serve him well. I was in Buddhism, but let me first tell you how I discovered the truth.

I believe that God is my friend.

I was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, in the U.S.A. My parents had four children, and I was the eldest child. My parents moved from Japan to Chicago; they all thought that America would be very good for them. They wanted their children to have a good school and have a good future.

My parents were very Buddhist. In the house where my mother grew up, there was a Buddhist temple. Her father and two brothers were priests in Buddhism. So when I was younger, we used to play Buddhism very much. Every day when I came home from school, the first thing I did was take incense for the Buddha who built our house, and my mother drank water. Then on Thursdays, we went to the Buddhist temple to read to a god who seems to build our house, but it was bigger than ours, and they used to go to all the treasures.

When I was about seven years old, I remember one day watching a monk silence in our house, and I asked myself, What will happen to me when I die? Buddhism had taught me that, when I die, I will continue my life in the spirit world.

26 OWN-ABAN

When I was about 15 years old, the Buddhist traditions I was involved in, I thought were unfounded. I realized that something was wrong in my life. (Matthew 5:3) In my heart, I felt that there was a very powerful living God, and I wanted to meet him. I thought that the Bible could help me find answers to my questions, so I bought the Bible; it was the King James Version.

When I was 17 years old, one day I was walking outside with my dog, and a brother who brought me Wilson Bashou came to me. He asked me, Do you know what God will do for the future of mankind? That question led to a lengthy conversation in the Bible. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 to me, and he asked me, After Wilson spoke with me, he gave me the book Truth That Leads to Eternal Life.

Ten days later, I attended my first Bible study at the Kingdom Hall. I will never forget how the brothers and sisters welcomed me. From that day on, I never attended a Bible study. After that, Wilson started studying with me. I enjoyed my Bible study, sometimes for eight hours. My parents told me to study the Bible, so they hated me very much. But every time I finished studying, I realized that it was the same truth. I was baptized in 1983.

MIGYAEE SUAPON became a day of celebration

When I was baptized, I was attending a renowned university, studying to become a doctor. My parents had sacrificed a lot to become a doctor. I could have continued my education at the university, but I wanted to devote my time to serving Jehovah and do everything I could in his service.

My father told me: If you don't know and you drop out of college, then you won't be coming home! I am sad and confused. I loved my parents, and I didn't want to do anything to hurt them. So I used to go to the school at night to find a place outside and cry to Jehovah: Please help me make good decisions. At the end, I decided to drop out of college, so my father told me to move out. I called Wilson and told him to leave the house, and he told me to stay with him. I realized that I had made a good decision.

I was like a bird that has been removed from its nest. Now, I could devote myself to serving Jehovah full time. So I started pioneering in 1984.

When I was a regular pioneer, Jehovah helped me to develop many good qualities; some of them were leadership. One day, I was depressed because I had no one to go with me in the ministry during the day, so I did not want to go.

I am with Wilson Bashou who made me know the truth

July 2026

27

Some people are visiting Brooklyn Bethel, and I am showing them what is going on in the library

Michiko Oda and her husband

When I went to the same place, I went to see a young man from the Philippines who was standing there. What I said in my mind was, You said that he would not listen. That was not the case at all! I started studying with him, and he became one of Jehovah's Witnesses.

There are many things I learned at Brooklyn Bethel

Two years after I stayed with Wilson, I was invited to work at Brooklyn Bethel in 1985.As I recall from the beginning of my story, I was assigned to work in a book factory. One day, I was working on a machine with a twisted book title on the back of a book, and I made a mistake and destroyed many book covers.The brothers I work with told me to tell the brother who oversees that department what happened. The brother in charge of the department told me respectfully, If you do something and it doesn't go well, remember to apologize. That day I learned that, if I make a mistake, I must admit and apologize.

One afternoon while we were having dinner, I sat at the same table with Brother Milton Henschel of the Governing Body. That day, the room was very full, and the brothers who were serving meals came to visit us. Our young men who were sitting at the table, we were arguing about the lack of food. Brother Henschel had nothing; what we saw was that he was eating the brothers who were serving meals, and he was also preparing water, bread and bread. How Brother Henschel humbled himself to serve his brothers, it remains in my mind to this day; it reminds me of how Jesus also served his apostles.

28th of October

You must learn to live in Japan!

In 1987, I went to Japan, and I was very impressed with the zeal and humility of the brothers there. I wanted to help them, but my problem was that I did not speak Japanese. A sister at the Bethel named Michiko Oda looked at my face and said to me, You must learn Japanese! And that is exactly what I did. I did not know that the sisters advice would change my life.

A few months later, I attended a Japanese-language congregation in New York.My studying Ja-pan gave me many opportunities to serve Jehovah God.In 1989, I attended a convention in Los Angeles, California.It was my first meeting in Japanese.The drama performed at the convention featured a pioneer sister named Miwako Onami, and I was happy with her.

I married Miwako in 1992, and we had the privilege of serving together at Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako cares deeply about people, and always wants to do something to help others. Her good character has helped me to know how to live well with people.

JAPAN BETHEL, AKYIRI and TITIRIW

Years later, Miwako's parents who lived in Japan became seriously ill. So the brothers at Brooklyn Bethel said that we could work at Ja-pan Bethel, in order to be close to and care for Miwako's parents. So we moved there in 1999.

When we went to the Japan branch, it was not long before the brothers there reminded us. The brothers in Japan were kind and open-hearted. That impressed me a lot, so I studied them. When it comes to their work, play with them. They are also working together. The reason they do this is because the Japanese culture teaches that when many people work together, it is more beneficial than when people work together to help each other. One good example of them has taught me that I must work together with others. It also reminds me that, whenever I can, it helps Jehovah to achieve goals.

The day we met at the wedding

However, because I grew up in a different environment, the way they do things, sometimes I disagreed with them. So I had to learn how to be patient with things. So at some point, I changed my mind. I realized that no matter what decision we make, Jehovah can bless it; all that is necessary is that we obey the guidance given by the congregation.

How I was raised at Bethel, I compare each day to the training that the prophet Moses received. Moses spent 40 years as a shepherd, and during all that time Jehovah helped him to gain humility. My situation is like that of Moses; because of the few universities I went to, I trusted in myself and became proud. But Be-tel taught me that, I must be humble and trust in Jehovah.

July 2026 29

We spent about 24 years caring for Miwako's parents until their deaths. We used to drink a lot of alcohol, go to the hospital, and sometimes just charity. Miwako's mother Masako was very ill, and it was difficult for her to even get up. It was not easy for Masako to go to school and the ministry. Even after a few weeks before her death, she was in a wheelchair. But after all these problems, her love for Jehovah never diminished. Every time she spoke about the truth, you see that she was happy. Masako was a person who appreciated what she had most. Moreover, after all the problems she faced, she continued to serve Jehovah with joy. This is something I want to learn.

In 2024, there was a big change in our lives. We had served at Bethel for more than 30 years, and the congregation asked us to be special pioneers. So now, we are serving on the island of Okinawa, and we have the opportunity to witness to families who are trained in the nearby military camp. The training we received at Bethel helped us so much, so when we were asked to be special pioneers, we did not tire. We try to make a good plan and use our time in the ministry, so that we can improve ourselves. Now, we have realized that the most important thing is to love people. Every day Miwako and I thank Jehovah for giving us this task.

I am proud that I have given my life to Jehovah

Although my relatives no longer believe in me, none of them have joined me in the truth. Jesus said, anyone who leaves his family to become his disciple, even now he will have 100 times as much family (Mark 10:29, 30) I myself have found that this statement to be very true.

The book of truth that Wilson gave me is still there.Every time I look at it, it reminds me of how Jehovah helped me to know him. (1 Kings 28:9) I am determined to let Jehovah continue to train me, and to help others to know the truth and to gain eternal life.

I am working at the Japan Bethel

Miwako and I are preaching in Okinawa

30th of October

Hurry and reconcile with your brother!

HAVE you noticed that one of Jehovah's Witnesses has done something to you, and has now ruined your relationship? If so, talk about it at all; reconcile with your brother and make peace.*

To illustrate, if a person has a fracture of the bone, he or she must see a doctor so that the bone of the person will grow slowly.If the person stays close to the bone and does not see a doctor, the pain will not stop, and perhaps the bone will never break.

Just as if someone has a broken collarbone, they go to the doctor immediately to talk to him about it, we too, if we have a dispute with a fellow Christian, we must resolve it quickly. If we do not do this, the pain will not go away, and perhaps we will become angry with him and end up with him, and we will be with him at all. Jesus advised us that if we have a dispute with someone we should resolve it quickly. (Matthew 5:25) So if you have a dispute with a fellow Christian, go to him and talk softly with him.

First of all, maybe you don't want what has happened, you will go and ask about it and you will fix the problem. So you will probably ignore it.# Let us look at Euodia and Syntyche; it may be that I have some disagreement.

* If a minor dispute arises between us and a brother, we should discuss it with him privately, and we should be willing to forgive him completely. (Matt 5:23, 24) However, if he commits a serious sin against us, we may need to seek the help of the elders (Matt 18:17) before we do so, we must first apply the matter at Matthew 18:15, 16; then if that does not work, we can seek the help of the elders.

# If a Christian brother does something to hurt you, and it is not a serious matter, you can ignore it.

The dispute between them must have lasted for a long time, because even the apostle Paul, who was in Rome, heard about it. He encouraged them to try to reconcile their differences and to be united again. (Philippians 4:2) If they could be friends again, each one of them needed to be humble, each one speaking from his heart to the other, and each one forgiving the other.

Secondly, you may have felt that your brother is guilty rather than guilty, so he should apologize to you. But it is not what is sweet that is important, but what is important is that your relationship is restored.

If a Christian brother has done something to you, why do you not reconcile with him immediately? the Bible says: Don't let the anger stay until sunset. (Eph 4:26) If you do everything you can to reconcile with your brother, you will help to maintain the peace that has united us.Eph 4:1-3.

July 2026 31

THE COUNTRY SAYS the Kingdom of JEHOVAH

July 2026 Vol. 147, No. 7 TWI

What is in your heart?

Lesson Article that we will study September 7-13 2 Learn from the Gibeonites

The study article we will study September 14-20 8 The Book of Isaiah Can Consolect You

The study article we will study September 21-27 14 Continue to Know Jehovah

The article we will study September 28 October 4 20 Help Others to Know Jehovah

LIFE STORY 26 My mother continued to train me.

Hurry and reconcile with your brother! 31

The science of education

What will help us to give encouraging answers

When we attend meetings, each of us has the opportunity to give comments to encourage our brothers. (Heb 10:24, 25) What will help us to be able to give comments that encourage others?

• Pray to Jehovah. Ask him to help you and give an answer that will honor him and encourage others. Ps 35:18.

• Make it your goal not to read the answers directly from the book.If you give your own words to answer, it will strengthen others and let them know that you have faith in Jehovah.

• Make your answers short. If you go to a class and give short and clear answers, it touches the hearts of others very much.

• Give your answers to encourage others.When you are giving a response, do not advise or discourage others.

Even if you raise your hand and we don't invite you, you can encourage others. How can you do that? If someone gives a response, listen and later praise them.

This book is not for sale. We use it to do a worldwide Bible teaching work. People give voluntary donations to support the work. If you want to donate, please go to donate.jw.org.

All the Bible texts in this book are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless we indicate that they are from another source.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to the website jw.org in English, or click on this link

JW.ORG ®

w26.07-TW