ADASAMMA YIEDIE OF ANODISM

Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Knowledge Know

Since humanity has seen that considering, respecting, and respecting a person will strengthen freedom, justice and peace in this world,

Since these revolts and disrespect for human rights have brought pride and hatred, and have corrupted people's consciences to bring new life, have made people realize that they have the right to express their opinions without fear, and have the right to take a job and not need them, and because they have broken it down and claimed that this is the title of the people's hope,

Since it should not happen to a person to use rest to perform a very last act, which one can use to fight prejudice and hatred, while the law protects the right to human rights,

Because it is important for friendships to come between countries,

Since the people of the United Nations have emphasized their belief in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, that human dignity and the value of worship are low and that both men and women are equal, and have been encouraged, to make this life possible, so that people can live as brothers and sisters in poverty,

Since the member states of the United Nations have pledged to work closely with the United Nations to ensure that everyone respects the right to privacy, to ensure that everyone has the right to freedom and security,

Since the good understanding we will get in the dialogue about human wellbeing and freedom will fulfill this promise,

the council's high office

explains:

An eye for hope says:

This Anodism of Human Freedom that has been promulgated will be a single basic measure, available to all peoples and nations, and all peoples or communities will be mentally disabled, promoted, interpreted very well, accepted, and administered, and applied to their own countries and foreign programs for the benefit of the developing countries that join the United Nations and all its member states.

Rule 1.

All people are equal. Everyone was created with mind and wisdom. Therefore, everyone should love each other, respect each other, respect each other.

Commandment 2.

This issue of freedom speech is open to everyone regardless of race, gender, gender, language, religion, political affiliation, sexual orientation, sexual orientation, gender, etc. No one is allowed to participate in this program.

What it adds to is that we should not attack any nation from which a person comes, whether the nation controls itself or is under another nation.

Commandment 3.

Everyone has the right to live in peace and freedom without harm to their body.

Rule 4.

Slavery is a business that must be stopped completely.

Commandment 5.

No one should put pressure on any human being in any way.

Commandment 6.

When anyone comes before the law anywhere, they must be recognized as a person.

Commandment 7.

All people are equal before the law. The law protects all people equally without any discrimination.

Commandment 8.

If someone violates one of these laws against another, he has the right to deal with them legally according to the law.

Commandment 9.

No one should be arrested without warning. No one should be arrested or killed for nothing.

Commandment 10.

If a person is accused of something and brought to trial, those who will hear the case must judge fairly, while they are not punished.The judges must be people who have no part in the case at all.

Rule 11.

If someone is accused of committing a crime, and they can't explain the matter, we assume that the person did not commit the crime, unless they go through the law, go to the case, find that he is guilty. Even if they take him to court, he has the right to seek any help he can get to train himself further.

No one has the right to impose improper punishment on a person based on national or international law for a crime committed while there was no such law.

12 commands.

No one should involve themselves in secret matters, sexuality or family. No one should desecrate someone's name. The law protects every person so that nothing can prevent their wellbeing.

13 commands.

Everyone has the right to go anywhere, to live anywhere in any country.

Everyone has the right to leave any country, including their own, and return to their own country.

14 commands.

If someone is being bullied by a citizen to kill him, it is his duty to flee to a shelter in another country to hide there.

If a person commits a crime that is not political or against the UN mandate, it is not the person's duty to protect themselves from that crime.

Commandment 15.

It is everyone's duty to move to another village and become a resident.

No one can change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, change their minds, and change their minds.

Rule 16.

It is the responsibility of adult men and women to marry, to marry and have children, when their personality, hatred and religion prevent them from marrying or divorcing.

If the marriage is successful, unless the two couples agree, they have agreed to marry.

The foundation of the father, mother and children is the foundation of the relationship, and it is the duty of the child to protect themselves.

Rules 17.

It is everyone's duty to want their own inheritance.

They should not use dirt or illegal practices to take away a person's property for nothing.

Rule 18.

It is everyone's duty to have their own mind, think their own mind, go to any church they want. This power allows one to change their church and beliefs in public or private without any obstacles, regardless of whether they are large or small.

Rule 19.

It is everyone's duty to be able to express their opinion about something when there are no obstacles. Also anyone can advise in any way to express their opinion or they can seek to get an opinion about something regardless of whether they are a citizen or a foreigner.

Commandment 20.

It is everyone's duty to have a community of peace.There is also a way that some people can come together without harm.

No one should force anyone to join an organization they do not want.

Rule 21.

It is a duty of every person to speak in respect of his country or to speak about it.He can enter directly or he can speak through a clear election.

Every person has the right to receive everything that the government of their country will buy, exactly as it is.

What the citizens want is what their government should do. They have no formal elections, no one knows each other in elections, and everyone who reaches the age of eighteen still holds this office.

Rule 22.

It is the duty of every nation to protect every citizen. It must be through the power of the nation or a union that that nation has established with another nation that every citizen has happiness, wellbeing as the nation's economy, productivity and culture can make a person live.

23 commands.

It is everyone's duty to do work. Whatever work anyone wants to do, there should be no obstacle to it. The law should not protect workers from corruption, and it should ensure that they are comfortable in their work.

Equitable wages for the same work must be paid without any discrimination.

It is everyone's duty to do whatever work they want, to get it and their wages that can make them live happily with their spouse and children, as people, and even if they are forced to do so, the government helps them in some way to protect them from some trouble.

It is the duty of every person to join or join a trade union to protect his work or himself.

24 commands.

It is everyone's duty to take a break from work and to work for a certain period of time.

25 commands.

It is a duty of every person that he, his spouse and his children who are pregnant should have peace in their lives.The things that bring peace to the family or pregnant are food, shelter, housing, nursing and all the necessities of a person's life, and even if it comes to him as a result of losing a job or disability, or getting pregnant, or growing up, or anything that causes problems in his life that will not be his fault, it is his duty to have a decent life.

All mothers, especially those who raise children and infants must have special support.Children born through a good marriage are all children who need good care without any discrimination.

26 commands.

It is everyone's duty to go to school to study. Early childhood education is a beginner education that is not paid at all. It is mandatory for every child to attend elementary school. Many industries and industries must be opened, and if someone helps them, they will continue in a university, when there is no discrimination.

The main benefit of education is that one learns to succeed in life, recognizes one's character, and understands one's freedom well. In doing so, it will increase understanding, patience, and friendship between nations and nations, marriage and all kinds of religious beliefs, and help achieve the goal set by the United Nations to achieve peace in all parts of the world.

It is the primary responsibility of all parents to teach the same education that they want their children to get in the future.

27 commands.

It is everyone's duty to enjoy their culture, to participate in all its activities, and to benefit from Natural Science.

It is the duty of every person who has written or done something with his own mind to protect the nation so that his hard work will not be in vain.

28 commands.

It is everyone's duty to live happily and happily in peace in their own country or another country, so that what has been defined in the United Nations Charter can be fulfilled.

Rule 29.

It is the duty of every person to use his strength and wisdom to help where he stands, because that is where he has made himself like this.

Although everyone must control themselves, do what will improve their wellbeing, so that one does not get pleasure that will cause harm to their loved ones, every person must respect the laws of his country or the community he belongs to, so that the rule of law protects the wellbeing of the person.

These rights and freedoms should not be compared to actions contrary to the wishes of the United Nations in any way.

30 commands

This Anodism was not made by a nation or group, and therefore, no one should rely on this Anodism to do anything to oppose the good ideas regarding human rights and freedoms that the United Nations has to do with this Anodism.