FREEDOM AND JUSTICE REPUBLIC OF GHANA

EVE

2023 ACCOUNTS AND DOCUMENTATION

This book is part of the 2023 Vision and Mission Statement.

“Ensuring the Well-being, Protection and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights”

2 | Government of Ghana - February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Place of Court Meeting

The Government of Ghana’s Information and Communication Strategy 2023 is available online at:

www.mofep.gov.gh

To obtain a copy of this document, please contact the Archives Department at the following address:

Public Relations Office

New Building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or 003

P.O. Box MB 40

Accra – Ghana

Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

3 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

`! Now look at `Numeɖeɖe fe Tatawo`: The word `fe` is italicized in the lower list: `Numeɖeɖe fe tata 1...`, the `fe` is in italics: `fe`. Wait, in the heading: `Numeɖeɖe fe Tatawo`: Is it `fe` or `ƒe`? Wait, look at `Numeɖeɖe fe Tatawo` in blue: `Numeɖeɖe fe Tatawo` The 'f' has a straight bottom on the baseline. It's just `fe`. Wait, let's check line by line very carefully. Line 1-2 (top box): “Gakpɔmɔnunya Gãtɔwo Gbugbɔ Ɖo Te, Wofe Kelili kple Tenunɔnɔ to Dɔwɔna Vovovowo fe Tsitsiɖedzi kple Asixɔxɔdede Adzɔnuwo ŋu me” Wait, is this one paragraph? Yes, it's wrapped into two lines inside quotes. Rule: "Put the marker line

Text of one paragraph goes on the lines after its marker; join lines that are only wrapped (and de-hyphenate words split across lines)."

Next, the heading:

Next, the Table of Contents entries: Entry 1:

Wait, let's count dots or just put dots? Let's see: `Numeɖeɖe fe Tatawo............................................................................................ 4` Entry 2:

ENTERPRISE................................................................................................... 6 Entry 3:

8 Entry 4:

GAKPƆMƆNYAWO FE DƆWƆ LE FE 2022 ME..................................................... 9 Entry 5:

Wait! Look at `DZIƉUĐUA`: Wait, is the second letter `Đ` or `Ɖ`? Both are `Ɖ`. Wait! Look at `DZIƉUĐUA`: Wait, is the second letter `Đ` or `Ɖ`? Both are `Ɖ`. Wait! Look at `DZIƉUĐUA`: Wait, is the second letter `Đ` or `Ɖ`? Both are `Ɖ`. Wait! Look at `DZIƉUĐUA`: Wait, is the second letter `Đ` or `Ɖ`? Both are `Ɖ`. Wait! Look at `DZIƉUĐUA`: Wait, is the second letter `Đ` or `Ɖ`? Both are `Ɖ

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

“We are going through a difficult time with food prices rising, Ghana’s food stocks decreasing and food prices rising in the international markets. This has resulted in a rise in the weight of the money we receive and store, and the country is facing severe food shortages. However, we are keeping our heads high.”

5 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Respect for, Protection of, and Access to Cultural Property”

KPLOYDEME

It is a fact that this year has been one of the most expensive for the country. Like many other countries, we have been hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic in the first three months of 2020. This has resulted in a slowdown in the economy. This has led to a decline in our economy and the need to spend more on unplanned spending to sustain the economy.

As we recover from the effects of the Kovid-19 pandemic and begin to implement reforms, a number of risks have emerged. These risks have undermined the economic gains we saw from 2017 to 2019. The first is the ongoing conflict in Russia and Ukraine. The second is the uncertainty surrounding the 2022 World Cup commitments, which has undermined the economic signs we have seen. For the first time in six years, we are facing a population decline. Growth in the country’s agricultural sector is also accelerating and the quality of our agricultural products is also improving. All of this has resulted in an increase in the quantity and quality of our agricultural products and the weight of Ghana’s agricultural production has increased by a factor of one.

Despite the rise in food imports from the developing world, the rise in our dependence on food imports from the developing world, coupled with the rise in our dependence on food imports from the developing world, has resulted in a rise in the weight of our foodstuffs. This is making life harder for all of us, Governments and communities alike. The rise in demand for foodstuffs has resulted in a sharp rise in the volume of foodstuffs imported from the developing world, with a growth rate of 40.4 percent per year in the East by 2022.

During these difficult times we are united as a nation and the Government understands the suffering that these events have brought to us.

6 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Strategy for Teachers

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

As the Government, we are grateful to the various stakeholders in the country’s development such as the Congress, Human Rights Workers, Human Rights Organizations, Lawyers for Human Rights, Religious Organizations, Human Rights Watch Ghana, Human Rights Organization of Ghana, Literature, Journalists and Ghanaian Youth who have stood by us in these difficult times as we try to overcome the problems.

President Nana Addo Danquah Akuffo Addo has assured all Ghanaians that the Government is working on measures to promote greater transparency and accountability, to implement innovative policies, to enhance information technology and development, to reduce unnecessary government spending, to advance Ghana’s national budget, to make our government spending in Ghana to be taken care of by government officials and to provide for the welfare of the vulnerable and needy.

The lessons we have learned as a nation during this time make it necessary for us to rethink our policies for the better. We will do it better. We will emerge from this difficult time stronger. The Lord is with us and will strengthen us to do this.

Mawu nayra mi!

Ken Ofori-Atta Dudɔla si Kpɔa Ganyawo dzi

7 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

NGƆDONYA

1. The Feb 2023 Strategy is the Government’s commitment in Feb 2022 and the framework under which it intends to implement its policies and initiatives. The theme of the Feb 2023 Strategy is: “Protecting the Health, Safety and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through Sustainable and Accessible Infrastructure.”

2. In the past few generations, many new developments have been introduced and existing ones have been abandoned. This practice has not only been detrimental to the game, but it has also increased the number of people who are actively involved in the development of the game, because we have taken advantage of the innovations that have been introduced.

3. By February 2023, the Government will implement some of the new developments, but will ensure that all existing developments are implemented.

8 | Government of Ghana – Fe 2023 Fe Science and Technology Scholars

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

2022 ANNUAL SCHEDULE ANNUAL SCHEDULE

Functioning of the National Guard

5. In the February 2022 Budget Resolution reviewed in the General Budget, the Government set out to pursue the following objectives in February 2022:

i. Increase the national maternal mortality rate by 3.7 per cent;

ii. The country’s maternal mortality rate increased by 4.3 per cent;

iii. Taxation on the sale or transfer of shares in a corporation shall be 28.5 per cent;

iv. Increase the Government’s spending on development by 6.6 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP);

v. The rate of homelessness in these regions will be 0.4 per cent of the total population; and

vi. The Government’s obligation to pay the full amount of the debts known to the Government from the local authorities and other debtors within three and a half months.

6. The 2011-2012 fiscal decisions indicate that the country’s demographic and economic challenges are affecting the country’s fiscal performance, resulting in a double-digit increase in gross domestic product (GDP), debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, debt-to-GDP ratio, de

9 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Despite the Government’s commitment to developing and implementing policies and strategies to improve the country’s food security, the country’s food security continues to be affected by a number of issues. Some of the unresolved issues related to the country’s food security, as of February 2022, are as follows:

vii. National gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate of 4.0 per cent in 2021 and 3.9 per cent in 2022;

viii. Foodstuffs increased by 1.0 per cent from 33.9 per cent in Dasiamine to 37.2 per cent in Anyonyo, and increased by 1.0 per cent to 40.4 per cent in Kele. Foodstuffs and non-foodstuffs contributed to this increase.

ix. The Government’s estimated growth rate is 7.4 per cent, compared to the target of 6.2 per cent. However, the underlying growth rate is 2.0 per cent, compared to the target of 1.0 per cent. The major contributor to this underlying growth rate is the agricultural sector.

10 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

As of February 2021, both the previous and current versions of the software are available.

x. By the end of the fiscal year in February 2022, the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) was 75.9 per cent, compared to 76.7 per cent at the end of the fiscal year in February 2021. This is due to the growth in the gross domestic product (GDP) of the Ghanaian shilling.

xi. Government spending amounts to US$6,591.8 million (equivalent to 2.9 months of government spending) at the end of February 2022, compared to US$9,695.2 million (equivalent to 4.3 months of government spending) at the end of February 2021; and

xii. The Ghanaian shilling’s weighted average yield in US Dollars is 54.2 per cent, compared to 48.5 per cent in British Pounds, compared to 3.1 per cent at the end of February 2021.

11 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

However, it is not expected to be completed until February 2022.

7. Addressing the challenges facing the population and the country as a whole in the February 2022 Budget Resolution reviewed by the General Assembly.

8. Decisions regarding the Government’s spending on road maintenance from Djove to Anyonyo in February 2022 indicate that the Government has not met the spending targets it was expected to meet, but that the Government has met the road maintenance targets from time to time as it set out.

Ga Home si Dziɖuɖua Kpɔ

9. Government expenditures and Government revenues are projected to be GHS 65,399 million (GHS 11.0 per cent) while Government expenditures are projected to be GHS 67,307 million (GHS 11.4 per cent) and Government revenues are projected to be GHS 49,108 million (GHS 10.7 per cent) by February 2022.

10. A total of GHS 1,909 million or 2.8 per cent of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) will be used to meet the Government’s projected deficit. This will bring the Government’s budget deficit to 33.2 per cent of the GDP. The reason for the Government’s failure to meet its projected deficit is that it has not been able to collect the various expected debts as planned.

11. Various items received from June to February 2022 are listed in the first section. Various items that the Government has received from June to February 2022 are listed in the first section.

12 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Figure 1: Distribution of Government-funded services from January to February 2022

Non-resident or non-donor o 10%

Others, 7%

Government, 1%

Ga siwo Dziɖuɖ...

Non-moving objects, 68%

This is how the government handles this issue.

12. Government spending (including debt and other liabilities) in FY 2022 is estimated at GHS 109,421 million (GHS 18.5 per cent of GDP). This is in line with the planned spending of GHS 103,992 million (GHS 17.6 per cent of GDP) and GDP 5.2 per cent. Factors that contribute to the planned spending are the increase in expenditures on roads and other government services.

13. Differentiation of activities in the second phase of the survey.

13 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Ensuring Access, Quality and Value for People with Disabilities to Services, Facilities and Infrastructure”

Item 2: Approval of the Government’s plan to complete the road from Djove to Anyonyo by February 2022

Government expenditure on public services is 16%.

Employment rates of graduates 10%

Other employment 7%

Fe 9%

Others 0%

Government employees 25%

Percentage allocated to radio stations 29%

Expenditure on other expenses 4%

Gadede Ŋɔyidɔwo Wɔwɔ me

14. Government expenditure on development is estimated at GHS 44,022 million (GNI 7.4 per cent), compared to a planned expenditure of GHS 36,684 million (GNI 6.2 per cent). Government expenditure on development is mostly distributed across the country. Government expenditure on development from local authorities is estimated at GHS 6,531 million (GNI 1.1 per cent).

National Taxes in February 2022

15. The unanimous resolution indicates that the total national revenue for the year ending February 2022 is GHS 467,371.32 million (US$ 48,871.34 million). The total domestic revenue is GHS 75.9 per cent of GDP. The total government revenue is GHS 195,657.61 million (US$ 31.8 per cent of GDP).

14 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

During 2016-2017, the total expenditure of the Department was GHS 271,713.71 million which is equal to 44.1 per cent of the country’s gross domestic product.

16. The Government’s commitment to the development of rural areas has contributed to the growth of the country’s agricultural sector, while the Government’s commitment to the development of urban areas has contributed to the growth of Ghana’s industrial sector.

Fiscal Projection 3: Trends in National Taxes (From February 2018 to January 2022)

External Debt Domestic Debt Total Public Debt Rate of Debt Accumulation Total Debt/GDP

Stock of Debt (in billions of GH¢)

700.0 600.0 500.0 400.0 300.0 200.0 100.0 -

56.1% 61.2% 74.4% 76.7% 75.9%

21.4% 26.1% 33.6% 20.7% 32.7%

467.4 352.1 195.7 291.6 181.8 218.2 149.8 173.1 271.7 105.5 86.9 170.3 141.8 112.7 86.2

2018 2019 2020 2021 Sept. 2022

Next Page: The Man Who Watched His Own Footsteps

15 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Ensuring the Well-being, Protection and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights”

Fe 2023 Summit Goals for Implementation in a Number of Sectors

17. The Government is pursuing a series of action targets in line with the Millennium Development Goals (2023-2026);

i. Growth in gross domestic product (GDP) by 4.3 per cent;

ii. Continuous growth of the national debt by 4.0 per cent;

iii. The value of technology, or the Asian Rise, as it is referred to, should be equal to one per cent of the “8+2”

iv. From Feb 2023 to Feb 2026, the mining sector will account for 1.3 per cent of the gross domestic product; and

v. The owners of the land owned by the State may withdraw their claims from the land within four months.

18. The Government reviewed the Ministerial Objectives and Multi-Year Plan Objectives and made the following arrangements for the Ministerial Objectives for Feb 2023;

i. National debt growth of 2.8 per cent;

ii. National debt to gross domestic product growth of 3.0 per cent;

iii. Until the end of FY 2026, debt ƒ

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

FIVE-YEAR SCHEDULE OF PROJECTS TO BE REALIZED BY THE GOVERNMENT IN 2023

Funding Objectives

19. For the purposes of the National Budget, the Government shall submit to the General Assembly for consideration and adoption, proposals for appropriations equal to 1.35 per cent per annum of the gross national product, including:

• To review the implementation of the agreements signed in accordance with the ECOWAS framework, and to consider the implementation of the agreements signed in accordance with the ECOWAS Framework as an alternative to the agreements signed in accordance with the Convention on the Law of the Sea.

• A reduction in the value added tax (VAT) rate from 12.5 per cent to 2.5 per cent for 15 years. In addition, a review of the VAT home tax will be undertaken to introduce significant changes to the exemptions.

• The NFSL will be transformed into a GSL to encompass all departments.

• The “E-Levy” will be reduced from 1.5 per cent to 1 per cent per year and will be levied on households that do not make daily payments.

• Other objectives include:

○ Protect the 5G Electromagnetic Spectrum used for Internet services.

○ Issues relating to the contribution made for the maintenance of buildings and premises will be brought forward.

○ A new National Sports Complex will be constructed at the Jubilee Field for the benefit of the nation; and

○ The issues to be addressed reflect the challenges we face in the face of disaster

17 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities and Access to Cultural Property”

Instead, it ensures that the prices we pay for our destruction are measured by the prices we pay for the improvement of a certain quality.

Budgetary Objectives 2012-2013

20. In keeping with this commitment, the Government has adopted the following key policies to support the development of the country’s borders.

• To double the amount of funds allocated to the Livelihood Amelioration Assistance Programme (LEAP) from GHS 45 million to GHS 90 million per month and to increase the number of beneficiaries to GHS 344,185 from the current GHS 195.5 million in FY 2022 to GHS 395 million;

• A total of GHS 138 million will be allocated for the 2016-17 National Food Security Year.

• Raise the salaries of Chiefs, Assistant Chiefs, Officers, Assistant Officers, Officers and other employees of State-owned enterprises by 1 per cent to 30 per cent;

• A reduction in the excise duty on certain goods from 25 per cent to 17.5 per cent;

• Integrate all these special funds into the “GIFMIS” initiative and ensure that GIFMIS is implemented in all departments and agencies by February 2023.

• The redistribution of the salaries of employees serving in the National Service to be consistent with the salaries of other civil servants serving in the Single Spine Structure in each State.

18 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Review of Star Making in February 2023

21. By February 2023, the Government’s projected revenue and liabilities would be GHS 143,956 million (18.0 per cent of GDP). The Government’s projected revenue from its own sources – primarily tax collection – should be 1.35 per cent of GDP.

22. The Government’s projected revenue for the year 2022 is GHS 141,552 million (GHS 46.6 per cent). The Government’s projected expenditure for the year 2022 is GHS 2,403 million (GHS 0.5 per cent).

Big Picture 3: Funding for Development by Feb 2023 (In Ghanaian Shillings Millions)

Ga siwo woana Dziɖuɖua

GH¢2,404

Others

GH¢6,151

Adzɔgawo

GH¢23,455

Ga siwo menye adzɔga wo o (Momemi mele..

GH¢12,308

Adzɔgawo (mɔmemi mele emeo)

GH¢99,639

Government of the Republic of South Africa

GH¢141,553

The Government has spent and is spending a lot of money.

GH¢143,956

Source: Department of Legislation

19 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Gamma on Drugs in Feb 2023

23. Government expenditure (including development expenditure) amounts to GHS 205,431 million (25.6 per cent of gross domestic product). This represents a decrease in Government expenditure and gross domestic product by 0.3 per cent compared to the FY 2022 forecast. This reflects the Government’s commitment to maintain the country’s budget at an optimal level. The Government’s expenditure for development in FY 2023 is allocated in the 5th Schedule to the Budget.

Proposal 4: Gamma on Drugs in Feb 2023

(In Ghanaian shillings)

Fe siwo tsi Dziɖuɖua ɖu la xexe

GH¢14,435

Miscellaneous

GH¢27,636

Ga siwo Dziɖuɖua tsɔ do alɔ..

GH¢30,079

Ga siwo Dziɖuɖu do la ƒe viɖewo xexe

GH¢52,550

Drugs to be used in prevention

GH¢27,694

Organizing events and other activities

GH¢8,048

Government Employees’ Pension Fund

GH¢44,990

Groups of Birds

GH¢205,432

Next Page: The Man Who Watched His Own Footsteps

The 2023 edition of the Mademade and Gadede Stars Competition will be held in February 2023.

24. With regard to the Government’s planned contribution to the gross domestic product (GDP), the Government is expected to spend GHS 61,475 million, equivalent to 7.7 per cent of the country’s gross domestic product, to meet its growth needs.

20 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

The country’s gross domestic product (GDP) in 2015 was GHS 8,925 million, or 1.1 percent of the country’s gross domestic product.

25. The Government expects to raise the necessary funds from various sources within the country and abroad. One of these sources is the International Monetary Fund (IMF) with which the Government is currently in negotiations to refinance the Government’s debt.

21 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

TEFE VOVOVO SIWO WOWƆ ŊGƆYIDƆWO LE

27. This section provides information on the Government’s major projects implemented in various departments in February 2022 and other projects planned to be implemented in February 2023.

28. These Objectives and Goals relate to the National Strategy for the Government’s work from February 2022 to February 2026. The objective of this strategy is to address the Government’s COVID-19 Pandemic Impact Management, Communication and Resilience Strategy. In addition, the strategy aims to contribute to the UN SDGs 2023 (Sustainable Development Goals) and the Africa SDGs 2063.

29. This section outlines the key priorities of the Government in preparing for and implementing the 2023 Budget.

Nutrition

30. As part of the Government’s plan to address the food shortage faced by farmers, 2.5 million hectares of irrigated land will be available to farmers by February 2022.

31. The Government has allocated a total of 120,000 buses and other vehicles for the benefit of women in the Metropolitan, Municipal and Sub-Municipal areas (Savelugu, Sagnarigu, Wa Municipal, Nandom, Sissala East, Nkwanta South, Techiman North and Nkoranza) under the Department of Transport and Infrastructure.

32. In addition, the Government has allocated a total of 3,750 agricultural plots to various farmers and 45 individual farmers to assist them in managing their plots, in the absence of farmers.

22 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

33. By February 2023, the Government is expected to produce 5.65 million tonnes of food staple crops of potatoes, carrots, beets, cabbage, mangoes and carrots through 175,000 food processors.

34. The Government has acquired 65 storage facilities. These will accommodate up to 80,000 metric tons of wheat and other grains in addition to those already in the country under the National Wheat Storage Facility (NWSF).

35. By February 2023, the Government and the Water Resources Development Corporation (WRDC) have completed the seventh phase of the Tamne Water Supply Scheme, which includes the construction of the Sunyeri, Tousal/Jeyiri, Tasundo and Gilang dams to provide water to the watersheds of Vunamia and Gilang.

Fertilization Without Artificial Insemination

36. As the use of chemical fertilizers was banned, and the use of chemical fertilizers was one of the main causes of poverty in the country, the Government relied on the amount of non-chemical fertilizers used to compensate for the use of chemical fertilizers. This policy increased food security and reduced food insecurity.

37. By February 2023, the Government will be advancing the production of uncontaminated fertilizers. The Government intends to increase the production of uncontaminated fertilizers through the development of machinery for their production. EXIM Bank will support the Government in this endeavour.

38. In February 2022, the Government provided 125 infants (108 boys and 16 girls), food for infants worth Rs. 17,460 and donated babies and babies’ beds to employees and families.

23 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

A total of 25 nurses were trained under the Nurses for Nutrition and Health Management Programme. In addition, 294 nurses were trained in nutritional management and 408 nurses were trained in animal nutrition.

39. By February 2023, the Government will purchase 300 cows, 40 cowsheds and 52 special cattle pens and will provide Rs. 35,000 crore in cattle feeds, Rs. 3 million in milk and milk products to 50 lakh cattle farmers.

Cocogbledede

40. In the field of agriculture, the Government has provided 147,000 jobs across the country through various schemes such as coconut cultivation, coconut harvesting, coconut plantation, fertilization and nutrition. The Government is implementing these schemes with the aim of encouraging young people to participate in agriculture and reducing youth migration from rural to urban areas.

41. By February 2023, the Government will continue the implementation of these arrangements to create additional services to complement the existing ones to meet the needs of national employment and to reduce the fiscal burden on the Government.

Electricity and Roads

42. In order to improve the electricity supply and power supply, the Volta-Achimota-Mallam 161 kV high-voltage power transmission line has been constructed and is in operation.

24 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

43. In line with the Government’s vision to electrify 100 per cent of the country by February 2024, 157 villages in Anyonyo were electrified by February 2022. This resulted in an increase in the country’s electricity consumption from 87.03 per cent to 88.54 per cent by February 2021.

44. The Government’s plan to provide electricity from renewable energy sources to rural areas and villages, such as Azizkpe, Aflive and Alorkpem villages and a number of villages in the South Ada District of the Northern Region.

45. By February 2023, the Government is expected to have invested in the power transmission system from Gee to Kumasi, the ‘Western Corridor’ power transmission system. In addition, the power transmission system will support the implementation of the Government’s Energy Efficiency Strategy.

46. The Government will provide electricity to an additional 400 villages under the 4th and 5th Generation Residential Electricity Co-operation and ‘Turnkey’ Villages by February 2023. This project will provide electricity to a number of villages including Ahafo, Ashanti, Bono, Gbegãdzi and Hedzefe Gbegãdzi. The Government will also provide electricity to the Metropolitan, Municipalities and Rural Districts across the country.

25 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Incorporation into the DoD

47. As of the end of the year in February 2022, the Department of Rehabilitation Services has accommodated 80,735 youth in various forms.

48. As of February 2022, the Government has taken the following actions under the Anti-Drug and Drug Addiction Strategy:

• The Government has reclaimed approximately 645 hectares of damaged land, resulting in the resettlement of 2,300 people; and

• A total of Rs. 20 million in reserved funds have been allocated for the implementation of Agbledenyawo Dodo in the District, resulting in the employment of 80,071 contracted and non-contracted youth in Akotom, Adinkra, Techire, Akwatiakwaso, Fufuo and Hohoe.

49. By February 2023, the Government will undertake the following actions:

• Restoration of approximately 1000 hectares of degraded land in selected areas, and cultivation of food crops such as tea, coconut, coconut milk and coconut kernels to support agriculture and food security;

• Deployment of 10,000 food processors in special areas to provide employment to 100,000 people; and

• Support 20,000 senior citizen workers and candidates for senior citizen workers, 200 junior citizen workers, in the areas of senior citizen welfare, health, welfare and other measures to ensure the well-being of the senior citizen population.

26 | Government of Ghana – Fe 2023 Fe Science and Technology Scholars

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Sports and Recreation for Young People

50. The Government is committed to provide employment to less than one million young people from February 2022 to 2025, through the provision of more opportunities for young people to set up their own businesses through the Youth Employment and Startup (YouStart) Scheme.

YOU START

The chances of a youth-led start-up business getting support are low.

It's time to make a difference with YouStart initiative

THE WORLD BANK NEIP

51. This scheme will be implemented in three phases to support young people under the age of 40 to set up small businesses. The scheme will train the young people, provide them with investment opportunities and provide them with training and mentoring. 70 young people have participated in the scheme and GHS 1.98 million has been spent on the implementation of the scheme.

52. The Government has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Ghana Start-up Organization and 11 start-ups for the implementation of the Youth Employment and Start-up Initiative (YouStart). As a result, the start-ups have invested GHS 1.169 billion which is 30 per cent of the total GHS invested in the Initiative.

27 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights”

Atidodo to Ghana for Yame’s Transition from City to Village

53. As of February 2022, approximately 26.65 million pieces of timber were harvested, of which 24.44 million pieces were harvested in Atidodo, according to the Department of Forestry of Ghana. In addition, approximately 12.9 million pieces of timber were harvested and cut, including ofram, emire, wawa, cocorodua teak, cedrela, gmelina, cassia, eucalyptus and mahogany.

Atidodo to the National Assembly of Ghana

54. A total of 11,692 hectares of land were irrigated against a target of 17,000 hectares under the National Irrigation Plan.

55. Abe Atidodo, as part of Ghana’s Vision 2023, plans to reach a population of 20 million by February 2023.

56. Climate change is a major problem for all societies and it is affecting our health, food security and the future of climate-sensitive countries like Ghana. According to the “V20” Decision on Measuring Climate Change Impacts, a total of US$15,200,001,695 has been allocated to Ghana from 2000 to 2019.

28 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

57. The Government will promote the cultivation of crops that are susceptible to climate change. This is an important measure to address climate change and the Government will promote the cultivation of crops across the country. In addition, the Government will promote the cultivation of crops that are resistant to climate change and will reduce the impact of climate change on agriculture.

Tsinono Nyui kple Dzadzɛnyenyenyawo

58. By February 2022, the five-phase Water Supply and Sanitation Project, known as the ‘STRABAG’ Water Supply and Sanitation Project, will cover 95 per cent of the Volta Region. The districts involved in each phase of the Water Supply and Sanitation Project are the Adaklu District; Agotime-Ziope; Central Tongu; Ho West and North Tongu. Once completed, 424 districts and a population of 234,000 people will benefit from water supply and sanitation.

59. The Government is committed to the implementation of a comprehensive health and safety programme to ensure the safety of people, goods and environment. These efforts are currently under way and the different populations are as follows: Dansoman 97 per cent; Komenda 95 per cent; Elmina 92 per cent; Cape Coast 80 per cent; Anomabu 75 per cent; Dixcove 40 per cent; Aboadze 45 per cent; and Ningo-Pampram 50 per cent.

60. As of February 2023, the Government will discontinue these services and will commence new services to the following destinations: Blekusu (Second Level), Apam, Axim (Second Level), La and

29 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Teshie, Dansoman (Akpa Evelia), Shama, Ningo-Pampram (Akpa Evelia), Tema New Town, Agwaga, Takoradi and Maritime University.

30 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities and Access to Cultural Property”

Mɔdonyawo

61. In August 2022, the La Beach Road will be extended to address congestion on the Accra Tema Beach Road. In addition, a three-lane motorway will be constructed at the Nungua Barrier.

La Beach lɔrimɔ gã si dom wole la

62. As part of the Abe Government’s efforts to expand the highway network and improve the quality of life on the highways, the Tema-Aflao and Tema-Akosombo highways have been opened. The Assin Fosu-Assin Praso highway, a 1.2-kilometre stretch, has been converted to a two-lane highway. The Assin Fosu-Assin Praso highway passes through the city of Assin Fosu and will be converted to a four-lane highway. The construction of the road to Keteketemo has begun; and the construction of the road to Assin Fosu and Assin Prasso has begun.

63. He noted that the construction of the second floor of the Lamptey Circle and other related works are ongoing. In addition, the construction of the second floor, consisting of three interconnected floors, has begun following the completion of the Motorway Bridge at the Grand Circle.

31 | Government of Ghana – Fe 2023 Fe Statistics for Teachers

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities and Access to Cultural Property”

Obetsebi Lamptey 2nd Goal of the Season

64. Key figures on migration from one region to another in 2019 and 2020 are as follows: 65. Key figures on migration from one region to another in 2019 and 2020 are as follows: 66. Key figures on migration from one region to another in 2019 and 2020 are as follows:

2000 km (1200 mi) 2000 km (1200 mi) 2000 km (1200 mi) 2000 km (1200 mi) 2000 km (1200 mi) 2000

1 | Osiem - Begoro Lorimɔ Gbugbɔdo – Akpa 5lia | Ɣedzefe | 24.8

2 | Golokwati-Wli Lorimɔ la gbukhwado be anaanyo wu tsã (kilometres 10-kilometres 27) | Amugã | 17.0

3 | Nsuta – Beposo Lorimɔ la gbugbɔdo be wòanyo wu tsã, Akpa 3lia | Ashanti | 7.0

4 | Changes to Nkonya Wrumpong – Kwamikrom Lorimɔ | Oti | 21.0

5 | Bawjiase - Adeiso Lɔrimɔ la ƒe akpa aɖe gbugbɔdo | Titina | 15.0

6 | Tamale – Salaga Lorimɔ la ƒe dowo tetre – Akpa 1 | Gbegãdzi | 25.4

32 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

65. Some of the other important laws that regulate different types of investments are as follows:

Data | Length | Width | Distance (kilometres) | Density of population (%)

1 | Navrongo – Naga Lorimɔ la (2.7 km to 42.2 km) – Stage 1 | Hedzefe Gbegãdzi | 39.5 | 45

2 | Wa-Bulenga-Yaala-Lorimɔ (6.0 km to 37.0 km) – Phase 1 | Hetoɖofe Gbegãdzi | 31.0 | 52

3 | Salaga - Ekumdipe - Kpandai Lorimɔ la gbugbɔdo be wòanyo wu tsã (from kilometres 26.7 to kilometres 45.3) kple Kpandai – Nkanchina Lorimɔ la gbugbɔdo be wòanyo wu tsã (kilometers 10.8) - Akpa 2lia | Gbegãdzi | 29.4 | 69

4 | Isaba – Mankarigu Lower Loop Improvement (km 12.0 to km 24.0) and Mankarigu – Nawani Lower Loop Improvement (km 0.0 to km 17.5) – Stage 4 | North East | 29.5 | 76

5 | Daboya - Mankarigu Lɔrimɔ la gbugbɔdo be wòanyo wu tsã (tso | Savannah | 33.1 | 52

33 | Government of Ghana – Fe 2023 Fe Statistics for Teachers

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

| kilomita 30.0 yi kilomita 63.1) – Akpa 5lia | | |

6 | Changes to Atebubu – Kwame Danso Roads | Bono East | 35.0 | 30

7 | Anwiankwanta – Obuasi Lorimɔ la gbugbɔdo be wòanyo wu tsã | Ashanti | 30.0 | 90

8 | Nalerigu – Gbintri Lorimɔ la gbukhwado be anaanyo wu tsã (6.0 km to 46.0 km) – Section 2lia | North-East | 40.0 | 70

9 | New Abirem – Ofoasekuma Lorimo Changeover (from km 0.0 to km 33.2) – Section 2 | East | 33.2 | 99

10 | Bogoso – Insu Siding-Huni Valley Lorimɔ la gbugbɔdo be atsɔnyo wu tsã – Akpa 4lia | Ɣetoɖofe | 26.0 | 83

11 | Sefwi Wiawso – Akontombra Lorimɔ la gbukhwado be anaanyo wu tsã (km 0.0 to km 15.0) – Section 2lia | Western North | 15.0 | 75

12 | Akrodie – Sayereso Lower Loire Valley (0.0 km to 20.0 km) – Section 1 | Location | 20.0 | 85

13 | Menji – Bui Lorimɔ la (0.0 to 30.0 km) – Section 1 | Bono | 30.0 | 98.4

14 | Changes to some of the main rules in Gã Nuto | Gã | 25.0 | 78

34 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Bookshelf

66. In accordance with the Government’s commitment to ensure that the staffing requirements of schools and libraries are met in order to enable them to perform their daily functions effectively, the Government has provided 175 of the 66 staffing posts, 71 pickup trucks and 2 tractors to secondary and vocational schools across the country.

67. As of February 2022, the Government has trained 3,724 male and 3,715 female employees in 29 DIST Training Centres to provide them with skills to increase employment opportunities and reduce unemployment.

68. In addition, 248 Rural Development Coordinators have been trained at the Rural Development College in Kwaso to assist them in addressing the development challenges facing their communities.

69. The Government will train 500 Directors of Training from developing areas and provide new training opportunities in non-agricultural sectors such as textile, catering, clothing and bagging to advance the economic development of the communities.

Lãmesẽnyawo

70. In Ghana, tuberculosis is one of the six leading causes of mortality, and as part of the Government’s efforts to eradicate tuberculosis, a special computer technology (LSM Implemented app) has been introduced to enable healthcare providers to identify patients with tuberculosis.

35 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

The Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) is implementing computer-aided pathology diagnosis and monitoring of healthcare equipment to assist healthcare workers in identifying and treating infectious diseases.

71. By 2022, the Government has completed the Debiso, Nsutam and Tiawia Sub-District Offices; the Konongo Sub-District Office; the Aflao, Elubo, Keta, Kumasi South and Sewua Sub-District Offices; and the HIV/AIDS Treatment Centre and the COVID-19 Treatment Centre in Korle-Bu.

72. By 2023, the Government will continue to make arrangements for the deployment of health workers across the country through the framework of the Co-operation Agreement between the Government of Ghana and the Government of the United Kingdom.

73. The Government will continue to deploy the National Anti-Doping Agency and the Anti-Doping Agency of Ghana in the country, and in addition to this, the implementation of the Anti-Doping Act will begin in 2023 in order to reduce the prevalence of doping in the country.

36 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Strategy for Teachers

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Dukaameviwo fe Dedinɔnɔ

74. In February 2022, the Government acquired 5,000 police officers from the Ghana Police Development Agency as part of the Government’s ongoing efforts to advance human rights and ensure that law and order prevails in the country.

75. The Police Special Operations Unit (POSU) has been established to deal with unsolved crimes. The Police Special Traffic Unit (PSTU) has been deployed on the roads. In addition, the Police Motor Vehicle Unit (PMVU) has been deployed in some major cities. The Police Wildlife Unit (PVU) has been deployed to carry out a number of tasks. These new units are part of the Police’s efforts to promote national security in the country.

76. The Government has committed $320,000.00 to the Department of Conservation Officers in the Department of Conservation of Ghana in Accra.

77. Through the National Disaster Response Fund, the Government has assisted 15,772 people affected by natural disasters.

78. By February 2023, the Public Works Department will have completed the following tasks:

• Deploy Anti-Terrorism Officers in 16 police districts to ensure that citizens comply with laws and regulations as appropriate and to deter terrorist activities if they occur;

• Train Police Officers in Sexual Harassment Prevention and provide them with the necessary tools to be able to deal with sexual harassment activities such as bullying and sexual harassment;

37 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation, Protection and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples from Exploitation and Protection of Indigenous Peoples”

• Procurement of 100 mobile police stations and deployment of 1,500 police officers in the regions to strengthen police presence in the regions and major roads in order to reduce the incidence of crime; and

• Increase the number of roadside police officers in all 18 Police Regions to ensure that roadside police officers comply with road safety laws and regulations to reduce the number of roadside accidents.

79. The Government will provide national disaster mitigation warnings, advance earthquake warnings and establish disaster decision boards at the regional and sub-regional levels, so that locals can be prepared for disaster events.

80. The decision on Ghana Prison Officers will be taken in 2023 in the Decision on Prison Officers in Phase IV.

Modzakatsalweni

81. The Government, through the Tourism Development Authority, will promote Ghana through its ‘See Ghana, Eat Ghana, Do Ghana and Live Ghana’ campaigns to empower people to take advantage of Ghana’s natural resources through tourism and tourism-related activities.

82. The Government shall work with the managers of the hospitals and catering establishments to arrange for the provision of meals and air conditioning, beds, chairs and tables and other furnishings to the hospitals and catering establishments with a view to reducing the use of these items in the hospitals and catering establishments.

38 | Government of Ghana – 2023 Budget

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

83. As part of the Government’s commitment to facilitate the participation of the private sector and the voluntary sector in the development process, the Ghana Development Fund will work with the Youth Development Fund to facilitate the participation of the public and the voluntary sector in the development process.

Human Rights in International Organizations

84. In these figures, the proportion of Ghana’s exports to imports suggests that Ghana’s exports (Ghana sidi) are rising, as exports to imports are greater than imports to exports.

85. Under Phase 2 of the COVID-19 Crisis Response, Crisis Communication and Crisis Resilience Plan, the Government will establish key agencies to facilitate the recovery and recovery management of the country’s crisis-affected sectors and to support and empower the agencies to carry out these tasks. In addition, the Government will mobilize existing and newly appointed agencies to manage the crisis response and strengthen their capacity to carry out these tasks.

39 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Ensuring the Well-being, Protection and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights”

Women, Arts and Children and Social Welfare and Human Rights

86. In February 2022, the Government through the Food Security Scheme for School Children in Ghana (FSSGSC) provided nutrient-rich meals to 3,620,468 schoolchildren in Government-owned schools, one meal per day in each school district. This resulted in an increase in the number of schoolchildren in February 2020/21. The number of schoolchildren increased by 118 per cent, the number of schoolchildren increased by 40 per cent and the number of ‘JHS’ schoolchildren increased by 40 per cent.

87. The Government has hired 32,496 farmers, the majority of whom are women, to develop their agricultural skills so that they can take care of their families. In addition, the Government is monitoring farmers and developing the country’s agricultural skills.

88. In order to ensure the provision of nutritious foods to the population on a daily basis, the Government has allocated five times the amount of 344,389 crore to the population under the People’s Affordable Care Act.

89. By February 2023, the Government will no longer provide nutritious school meals to one child per year in all schools.

40 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Ensuring the Well-being, Protection and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights”

90. The Government established the Determination of Victims of Forced Labour and Rehabilitation of Victims of Forced Labour Commission and has successfully rehabilitated 24 children, 46 women and 27 men affected by forced labour.

91. The Government shall take care of the victims of forced labour and take measures to prevent forced labour. Local surveys shall be carried out and information shall be given to the victims of forced labour.

41 | Government of Ghana – Fe 2023 Fe Science and Technology Officers

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

NUWUWU

92. As of February 2023, the Government will no longer be responsible for aid, development, education, infrastructure, youth, and government services. Therefore, we are asking all nations to contribute and help the Government to advance Ghana to meet the food security needs of every person.

93. Mawu Nayra Mía Denyigba Ghana!!!

42 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Ensuring the Right, Access and Preservation of Indigenous Peoples through the Protection and Valuation of Indigenous Cultural Heritage”

THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL

Department of Foreign Affairs: The Department of Foreign Affairs is responsible for promoting the development of the country in the fields of foreign affairs and diplomatic relations. The objective of this department is to bring more services to the country for the benefit of its citizens.

African Intra-Country Trade: An initiative to promote intra-African trade, facilitate intra-African trade, and take advantage of the growth of intra-African trade.

Relief: The effort to alleviate a problem or suffering.

Finance and Resources: Manages the Government’s finances and resources for all government departments.

Allowance: Allowance or other assistance

Nudodo: Nudodowo ƒe hatsotso aɖe si wodzrana le fiase me.

Migration Rates: This is the rate of immigration to and emigration from the country at a particular time period, such as three months to one year.

Budget: A budget is an arrangement, made by a government, of how money will be raised and spent. For example, a family may make a budget for what it will spend and how it will spend it. (e.g., housing, electricity, water, and food). If the family is in financial need, it should either raise the budget or reduce its spending.

Poverty: This occurs when the number of homes provided by the government is less than the number of homes received.

Avu: Avu alo nu si le abe avu ene

43 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Government Development Expenditure: This is the expenditure by the Government for major development projects such as roads, schools, hospitals, broadcasting, transportation, health care, roads, etc.

Line: One of the longest lines on the map.

Government Employee Payments: This includes Government Employee Payments and other payments made by the Government to government employees, such as bonuses, rewards, awards and other payments.

Immunoassay: An examination performed to diagnose a disease in a person.

Taxes and National Assets Taxes: These are the taxes levied on the national assets of the country.

Growth support: It is a commitment to increase the production volume over a certain period of time or to increase the production volume of a particular crop when compared to the production volume of other crops in the country.

Developing Countries: These are countries and organizations, which provide assistance to other countries in order to help them achieve development goals. Developing Countries may be agencies or groups of countries. For example, the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank (AfDB) and others. Or the Developing Countries may be a single country. For example, Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States of America (USA) and others.

Value of Assets at the End of the Year: How assets and liabilities are valued at the end of the year or year-end.

Increased expenditure: This occurs when the expenditure of the government is in line with the goals set by the General Assembly.

44 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

EXIM Directorate: This Directorate was established under the Directorate for International Investment and Foreign Direct Investment in Ghana Act No. 911 of February 2016 to assist the Government of Ghana in managing the country’s exports and imports to ensure that they are consistent with the country’s GDP.

Advertising and Public Relations Officers: These are the officers who provide assistance to the Advertising and Public Relations Officers in obtaining grants or performing other duties on their behalf.

Sustainable Development Goals: This measures the Government's commitment to sustainable development and its ability to achieve it.

Accounting: It involves the calculation and assessment of accounts, accounting, forecasting of developments, forecasting of events, forecasting of individuals, forecasting of long-term events, and controlling and regulating the flow of money and resources.

Management of Disasters: It is the Government’s responsibility to manage and manage disaster risks, especially major disasters.

Anti-Corruption: This is a measure that indicates that corruption is a major burden on the Government and needs to be addressed, particularly in reducing the causes of corruption.

Women’s Secondary Education: The Women’s Secondary Education Initiative established by the Government of Ghana under President Akufo Addo in February 2017 provides opportunities for successful female high school graduates to attend Women’s Secondary Education Initiative.

45 | Government of Ghana – Fe 2023 Fe Report to Legislators

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

The Ghana Recovery and Resilience Package: This is a two-part package that builds on the Government’s ongoing response to the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19).

Subsidies provided by the government: These are various kinds of subsidies provided by the government to farmers for their farming activities.

Funds allocated by the Government to Government Agencies: This includes the Government’s contribution to the District Assemblies’ Common Fund (DACF), Education Trust Fund (GETFUND), Roads and Transport Trust Fund (RTTF) and other funds.

National Assets National Debt: This is the total of all the assets and liabilities of a country at a particular time.

National Debt: This measures the extent to which a country’s government is responsible for paying its debts and paying off its debtors in a given period of time. It also measures the extent to which a country’s government is responsible for paying its debts relative to other countries.

Annuity: This is the amount of money or assets that a person receives in return for performing a certain amount of work. The Annuity Service Provider pays a percentage of the amount of money on a monthly basis.

Funding of Elections: One of the objectives of the Foundation is to raise funds from the elections in Ghana to be used to fund the elections, which will help to advance the development of the country.

Value of Assets: The way in which assets and assets are valued up or down over time.

46 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities and Access to Cultural Property”

Viɖe: It is a fe that a gadol xena ɖe ga home si wòdo la dzi or a fe that goes on if I am not gadodo la xem la.

Climate: A climate is a set of conditions of the Earth's surface, such as temperature, humidity, and precipitation.

Actions to Eliminate Poverty Initiative: This initiative is one of the key initiatives of the NPP Government with the aim of eliminating poverty and reducing inequality between the needy and the rich, particularly in the development of rural areas.

Governance Objectives: These are the metrics used to measure governance performance, for example, governance sustainability, governance efficiency, governance effectiveness, governance transparency, governance accountability, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency, governance transparency

Commitment: The commitment and commitments that are made to accomplish something between two individuals or organizations.

Action sequence: One of several sequences of actions that result from a single action.

Investment Management: This is the agency responsible for managing the investments of the country, including the management of short-term and long-term investments in the country, the management of investment risks, and the mitigation of capital fluctuations.

Smaller Workforces in the 21st Century: Often, smaller workforces are workforces that employ fewer people in the workforce and do less work at home.

Employee Development: This is a scheme established by the Government of Ghana for the benefit of employees in order to improve the performance of the Government and its agencies in order to provide them with the necessary skills to advance the country’s economic development.

The Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Protection: This is a separate government department that does not interfere with the activities of the Department.

47 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

The Department for the Promotion of Small and Medium Enterprises is responsible for promoting the growth and development of small and medium enterprises.

National Road Initiative: This is an initiative to promote participation in the management of deteriorating roads. The aim of this initiative is to improve the quality of life in road areas, especially for the elderly.

National Disaster Management Authority: It is the government agency responsible for dealing with natural disasters and other emergencies in the country of Ghana.

National Debt Sustainability: This is the sustainability of a nation's debt through the ability to repay its debts.

National Economic Stability: This is a measure of the economic stability of a nation.

Non-Revenue Receipts: These are the Government’s revenue receipts that are not revenue receipts. For example, licence fees and fees for public works and other fees.

Government Expenditures: This includes expenditures made by the Government to government agencies through the Department of Government Services and expenditures made by the Government in 2016.

Mother's Day: A variety of events are held to celebrate the Mother's Day.

National debt: This is the debt that the government would owe to a nation if it were a sovereign state in a sovereign state (some countries do not have a sovereign state). Typically, this debt is measured as one per cent of the nation's gross domestic product.

Total cost: The total cost is the amount of money that the government spends on roads, which is derived from the revenue it receives from taxes.

48 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Budget

Wait, what about in Paragraph 4: "Ɖoɖo sia ado lãnyinyi" -> is it Ɖ (U+0189) or Đ (U+0110)? In standard Calibri font: U+0110 (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER D WITH STROKE) has the horizontal bar crossing the stem. U+0189 (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER AFRICAN D) in Calibri is designed as: a D with a horizontal bar on the stem! Wait, what about in Paragraph 5: "Ɖoɖo sia ado lãnyinyi" -> is it Ɖ (U+0189) or Đ (U+0110)? In standard Calibri font: U+0110 (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER D WITH STROKE) has the horizontal bar crossing the stem. U+0189 (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER AFRICAN D) in Calibri is designed as: a D with a horizontal bar on the stem! Let's see: in Ghanaian publications, authors frequently type U+0189 or U+0110. Either is acceptable, but let's check if there's any visible difference between the two occurrences: In "Gbugbɔ Đo Te": it's a D with a bar. In "Đoɖo": it's a D with a bar. Let's use Ɖ (U+0189) or Đ (U+0110)? In the prompt: "(ɛ ɔ ŋ ɖ ɣ ƒ etc.)" Notice the prompt lists lowercase "ɖ". The uppercase pair is Ɖ (U+0189). Let's check if Ɖ is safe: yes, Ɖ (U+0189) is standard Ewe. Let's see: in Ghanaian publications, authors frequently type U+0189 or U+0110. Either is acceptable, but let's check if there's any visible difference between the two occurrences: In "Gbugbɔ Đo Te": it's a D with a bar. In "Đoɖo": it's a D with a bar. Paragraph 1. Paragraph 2. Paragraph 3. Paragraph 4. Paragraph 5. Paragraph 6. Paragraph 7. Paragraph 8. Paragraph 9. Paragraph 10. Paragraph 11. Paragraph 12. Paragraph 13. Paragraph 14. Paragraph 15. Paragraph 16. Paragraph 17. Paragraph 18. Paragraph 19. Paragraph 20. Paragraph 21. Paragraph 22. Paragraph 23. Paragraph 24. Paragraph 25. Paragraph 26. Paragraph 27. Paragraph 28. Paragraph 29. Paragraph 30. Paragraph 31. Paragraph 32. Paragraph 33. Paragraph 34. Paragraph 35. Paragraph 36. Paragraph 37. Paragraph 38. Paragraph 39. Paragraph 40. Paragraph 41. Paragraph 42. Paragraph 43. Paragraph 44. Paragraph 45. Paragraph 46. Paragraph 47. Paragraph 48. Paragraph 49. Paragraph 50. Paragraph 51. Paragraph 52. Paragraph 53. Paragraph 54. Paragraph 55. Paragraph 56. Paragraph 57. Paragraph 58. Paragraph 59. Paragraph 60. Paragraph 61. Paragraph 62. Paragraph 63. Paragraph 64. Paragraph 65. Paragraph 66

“Protection of the Rights, Freedoms and Welfare of Persons with Disabilities through the Protection and Promotion of their Rights and Freedoms”

Administration Expenses: Expenses incurred by the Government for its administration and functions in the conduct of the affairs of the State.

Value Added Tax (VAT): A tax levied on goods and services.

A20: It is one of the ways that climate change is seriously affecting the economies of some nations.

Department of Foreign Affairs: A department that carries out various functions of the foreign affairs department of a country.

Employment and Skills Development for Young People: This is a government-sponsored scheme to promote the employment and skills development of young people between the ages of 18 and 40 by encouraging individuals and organizations that are already doing the kind of work that young people want to do to set up and expand their own employment opportunities.

Department of Juvenile Justice: This department was established under the Department of Juvenile Justice Act 887 of February 2015 to deal with juvenile justice and related matters in the country of Ghana.

50 | Government of Ghana – February 2023 Annual Report to Parliament

© 2022. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance