Ye' nse se, nse se o

WO HO HU SE ANANSE

I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I'm not sure what you're talking about, I' Oboo 'Kusie amanee se, “Die m'ahuno ni, na nti boa me.” 'Kusie see, “Me mmoa wo sen?” Osee, “Me fwefwe wo ama w'ako bo amena akopem Nyankonpon sumpini ase.” Okusie see, “Meyo mama wo.” Na oyoye. 'Kusie beboo Ananse amanee se, “M'awie.” Ananse ko free ne 'ba Ntikuma; na otwaa aben maa no; na oka kyeree no se, onko amena nom', na onko tena sumpini no ase, na ohuno se Nyankonpon abetena sumpini no so a, onhyen aben no se:

“Wo kum Ananse a oman yi bebo!

Wo gyae Ananse a, oman kasa biribiri!”

I don't know what to say, but I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I

Wo gyae Ananse a, oman kasa biribiri!"

Ye'see, "Mo ntie, mo ntie!" And Aben no ahyen bio:

"Wo kum Ananse a oman yi bebo!

Wo gyae Ananse a, oman kasa biribiri!"

Na Kontirehene soreye ka kyeree Nyankonpon se, "Wo Nyame ne Asase Ya na oman yi wo mo. Nne w'anya Ananse wo'ku no. Asase Ya se 'Gya no'. Nti wo gya no a, na eye." Na Nyankonpon maa abrafuo gya no. Ene se aye akasa bebuo se, "Wo ho hu se Ananse."

I'm sure we all know it, whether it's one or the other, the mother is the mother, and the father is the father.