Ye’ nse se, nse se o

SE EYOYE A OBI NKYERE OBI ASE

OBOFUO bi na owoo ho. Osore a, na oko wuram’ e’ko pe nam akum abedi, na waton bi. Na dakoro bi, okoo wuram’; otee se Kokotee free ne nua se, “Kokotee Asamoa e!” Osee, “Y’a nua e!” Osee, “Adwuma aduru so, na ma yenko ton’suom’ nko bo nnadee, na ye’nse ano, na ye’twa dua biara a, y’atimi de atwa.” Kokotee free onuanom no, na obofuo bata ho, na otee nze no nsii. Na Kokotee nua no bisaa onua Kokotee se, “Na kuro ben so na ye’beko akobo ye’nnadee?” Osee, “Ye’be ko Nsuakyi.” Na osee, “Da ben?” Osee, “Dwoada.” Obofuo ate nze no nsii, na osiim’ koo ’fie. When he came to the house, he said to Nsuakyi, “Dekuro, I am sure that you are a good man.” Then he said to Odekuro, “If you are not a good man, then you should eat salt.” Odekuro said, “If you are a good man, then you should eat salt.” Then he said, “If you are a bad man, then you should eat salt.” Then he said, “If you are a bad man, then you should eat salt.” Then he said, “If you are a good man, then you should eat salt.” Then he said, “If you are a bad man, then you should eat salt.” Then he said, “If you are a good man, then you should eat salt.” Then he said, “If you are a bad man, then you should eat salt.” Then he said, “If you are a good man, then you should eat salt.” Then he said, “If you are a bad man, then you should eat salt.” Then he said, “If you are a good man, then you should eat salt.” Then he said, “If you are a bad man, then you should eat salt.” Otomfuo asked Odekuro see, “Na nnayemfuo bebrebe yi a wo se me nko bobo yi dee, wo de’ye deen?” Na oboo no amanee se, “Obofuo koo wuram’ waba abebo me amanee se, Dwoada mmoa bi bedane ye’ho nnipa aba wo ton’suom’ abebo nnadee.” Otomfuo dii mmirika ko boo nnayemfuo no nte. The king took the salt and the pepper, and said, “David, David, no man.” David’s wife said, “The salt and the pepper are mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine, and the pepper is mine Na odunsini bako a odim' dee, ode ne nwoma ako sie babi. Na obofuo no fweye maa dabbo no koreye. Oko faa nwoma no nnyina, na ode mmeko no a y'ayam yeem', na ode ko guu asuom', maa asuo no de koreye. Odunsini no dee a ode ko sieye no, obofuo no anhu. Obofuo no baa 'fie, na Ohene no soso ko free nkrofuo no wo ton'suom', maa ye'baa ne 'fie. The man went to the king, and said, "Why do you want to be free?" The king said, "You are my people, and I am your God; if you go away, I will send you back." The man answered the king, "Yes, I am; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you, but he was your servant; and I know that he did not take anything from you, but he took your anchor; but he did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you, but he was your servant; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you, but he was your servant; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put you in prison did not take anything from you; and I know that the man who put Na ye'ne wo betena; na dee ye'kyire ne se: wo bekyere y'ase, anase wo nkoa biara so bekyere y'ase; enee ye'bebo wo man yi na y'ako." Ebere a Ohene ko free yen no, odunsini no ene ebinom dwaneye. Na odunsini no ko faa ne nwoma koreye; na nkae no dee ye'san baye. Enam se ye'anhu ye'nwoma. Ohene peneee dabbo no nhyehyeye no so, na dabbo no ne yen tenaa kama. Na mmarima a ye'wo kurom' ho ware dabbo no mma no bi ne yen woo mma. Na dakoro bi na dabbo no bi ene kurom'fuo no bi e'ko tokwa. Then the king said, "Why don't you tell me what I'm doing?" And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing." And the king said, "I'm not going to tell you what I “I’m not going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going

We all know that, whether it is one or another, one does not know, and the other does not know.