Does any of the following apply?

AGYA ANANSE na ote ho na one no mma Afudotwedotwe, Nyiwan-konfwea, Tikonokono. Ananse ka kyeree yen se, "Mo nko pe odoma mmere me nni." Enie nkoda yi siim'; ye nam, nam, nam, na ye ko too odoma no bi na abede, na nkoda no koo asee. Afudotwedotwe see, Nyiwan-konfwea se, "Foro ko te bi bra." Osee, "E! me foro a me nan bebubu." Tikonokono see, "Afudotwedotwe wo so foro." Ose, "E! me foro a m'furu bepae, na wo ara foro." Na Tikonokono foroye. Wate odoma 'ba no ate ate, osee, “Aye yie?” Nkrofuo no see, “Aa.” Na ote’a na ote; na obisaa yen bio see, “Aye yie?” Nkrofuo no see, “Bere wo tiri ase na fwe.” Osee obere ne tiri ase, na wafwe, na ne tiri no kasa fam’, kum! Afudotwedotwe see, osere, na n’afuru paeye, ta! Nyiwankonfwea see ofuntum mmirika abeka akyere ose, na ne nan be bubu kaa pampim’ akyire’i. Akokonini edware ne kra, osee obeto ne nkosua-hono agu, obefwe Nyiwankonfwea na wafwe ase na ne nan abubu aka pampim’ akyire’i. Ose osere, ene n’ano fea:

"Ose osere, Ene n’ano fea.

Ose osere, Ene n’ano fea.”

The scribe said, "If you want to be a man, you must be a woman." And the scribe said, "You must be a woman." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a woman." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a woman." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a woman." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a woman." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a woman." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a woman." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "You must be a man." And the scribe said, "

We all know that, whether it is one or another, the mother is the mother, and the father is the father.