Ye’ nse se, nse se o

SE EYOYE A, OSEBO NE ADOWA E’BEFA ’YONKOO

11:11 And he said, I am the LORD your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of slavery, out of the house of captivity, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the house of bondage, out of the Obefwe se Osebo so no. Adowa fwe soro, na homa bi sa ho. Adowa ubva emu, kua! Kasa ne no nyam’, na Adowa ane asi bede nom’. Osebo nnim ho fwe; na ode duruu ’fie. Oka kyeree oni se, “’Kwasea ’pan’in Adowa no, ose one me beye aka no, na me de no aba no; fa abe si gya so.” Osebo ’ni ka kyeree ne ’ba se, “Nkwan no aben, na fa no bera na me nku no.” Osebo se o’fwe bede nom’, fa! Oko na aka ne bini. Osebo see, Eno oko, na aka ne bini; ma yemfa nto nkwanm’. Na ye’de too nkwanm’, na ye’wiee aduane no; na ye’tenaa ho. Aberewatia boom’ tafereye. Osee, “E! 11:14 And he said, I will not go out to fight, neither will I go into the city, nor will I go into the field, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the sea, nor will I go into the valley, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the valley, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilderness, nor will I go into the wilder Adeekyeye, na Aberewatia e’wo abe, na se Adowa de n’ani afa tokurom’ ahunu Aberewa. Adowa see, “Nana Aberewa, wo’e mmobo, na mkra wo hinii me a, ankra m’abewo ama wo.” Aberewa see, “Wo Adowa, wo bedwane.” Adowa see, Aserampon, ne Ta’ kese, ne Dwomo, ne Apeya, ne Konkroma, ne Ta’ kora, ne Krakye Dente, nku me se, se wo hini me a, me’nnwane. Se wo pe kora a, toto apono nnyinam’. Aberewa see, “M’ate.” Ototoo apono nom’, na ohinii Adowa. Adowa ba besoo wommam’ woo abe no. Aberewatia se o’koto afa adie fam’ na Adowa de womma no abo n’atiko, pe! na wawu. Adowa dwaa ne nwoma, na ode duraa ne ho, na otwitwaa ne nam de sii gya so. Ankye na Kwadwo aba. Adowa see, “Aden na w’akyere se yie, m’ahini Adowa m’akum no; ne nam po na esi ’gya soo yi.” Osebo see, “Mo a’Peafo!” Ono so de yɔa a ode baye no guu nkwan nom’. Ye’wiee aduane no; ye’ ko tenaa ho a ye’die no, Osebo faa dompe. O’bom’ a, na aye, pu! pu! Adowa kasa kasaa ne ’fwenem’ se, “Wo’ni dompe na wo’bom’ no.” Osebo see, “Wo se sen?” Adowa see, “Me se, Adowa yi anyin; ne kasaye e’den.” Osebo see, “Ampa, me kora me ntimi me mmom’.” Na Osebo asa nkwan, feao! feao! Adowa see, “E! “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’ Adowa wuraam’ na waka opono atom’, bam! Efei Osebo fwefwee’a, onhu okwan kor’a Adowa namm’ koye. Osebo siim’ na oko free mmoa nnyina se, “Mo mmera mma yenko kyere Adowa mma me, na ’kwasea a wabu me, gye se mo kye no ma me ansa na m’abo mo amanee.” Mmoa nnyina baa Adowa dan ho. Adowa tee se mmoa no’ba na dan ho abekye no, na ofaa mmeko, nkyene, ne gyene na oyam too ho. Efei mmoa no gyina gyinaye. Woi fwe woi anim’. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. If you want to know what is going on in the world, you have to know what is going on in the world. Kokotee, nuntun, nuntun! na n'ano apue afi ofie ho. Na Adowa de sekan no sii Kokotee ano, na o'twa. Kokotee see, "Kokotee Asamoa, o'twa m'ano." Mmoa no tsaya bayare, ye'see, "Mo a'Peafo; mia w'ani fa no bera." Kokotee beyi ne tiri; ona n'ano mogya. Mmoa no hunoo se Kokotee Asamoa ano atwa, ye'firii ho, yii! Ene se Kokotee ano e'beye, takasi. Efei mmoa no dwaneye no, Osebo nhuno adie biara a onye. Osee, "Enee me'nnko babiara; aha yi'a na meda na mawu, gye se me kum Adowa." Adowa tee sa no, na ofaa oni nwoma no duraa ne ho, na oforoo dan no sii akyire. Efei na obaa Osebo ho. Osee, "O! Kwadwo, aden na w'afon se yie, Adowa so o'dieben? Ma yenko 'fie nko boa boa ye'ho na y'aba." Ye'siim' koo 'fie. Adowa ka kyeree Osebo se, "Yi w'agyapadie nnyina ma me, na me mfa nsie." Osebo see, "Wo mmoa!" Na oyii ne yɔa nnyina de maa Adowa. Adowa nsa kaa se yie'a pe, na ode sii so ko gyinaa babi. Osee, "Osebo e!" Osee, "Ye 'nua e!" Osee, "Wo nye 'kwasea, nye aboa a, nkra m'akum wo 'ni m'aye nkwan ama w'adi. Efei so m'atoto wo mmerade m'abefa w'agyapadie?" Osebo see, "Meto wo ho?" Adowa see, "Wo betra me." Na Osebo de atu, kiri! kiri! kiri! na Adowa so de atu. Oko wuraa ne 'fie, na otoom', bam! Efei Osebo gyina ho, na ne bo afu; na onyam ne dua, fre! fre! fre! Onhu asem biara a onka. If you're a man, you're a man. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman, you're a woman. If you're a woman,

I'm sure we all know it, whether it's one or the other, the mother is the mother, and the father is the father.