Ye' nse se, nse se o

SE YOYE A ATURUKUKU KOO WURAM' MAA AKOKO SO BAA 'FIE

AKOKO ne Aturukuku firi'se ko' firi 'ni ko'. Yei na Akoko ka kyeree Aturukuku se, "Ko Serem', na me so me'ko kwayem', na se wo nya aduane a, efei w'abe ka akyere me." Na ye'dii mpaem'. Na mfiemmiensa na Aturukuku onhunoo ne nua no. Oka kyeree ne kunu se, "Ma yenko gya me na me nko pe me nua." Na okunu no see, "W'aka a m'ate, duom ma me nko gya wo." Na one no siim' ko duruu nkwantia. Ye'hunuu kofie bi ho, na eho na one onua مواجهye. When Akoko asked Aturukuku, "Are you the king, or are you the queen?" he replied, "I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you're the queen; I'm the king, and you' And he said, "I am the king of the kings, and the ruler of the rulers, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords, and the lord of the lords Asee a nti na me se me ye adehyee preko no no." Akoko see, "Die wo tee no eho nye, nti Memeneda Dapa, fa wo mma ne wo kunu bra, ma yentena ye'fie." Aturukuku see, "M'ate, me'ko, na Memeneda Dapa m'aba." Na okomfoo bi baa Akoko kurom, be wosoo nnawa. Ye'bisa no se, "Nana, Aden?" Osee, "Dente see, mfie ɗiɗi ni mo ama okom ade no, amma mo nko se ohene se omfa nne nkosua dumienu." Yei na ohene ko kyeree nne nkosua de fufuu eto, na ode koo Dente kofie no so kotwaa nkoko de guu so, na ode ne ntakra ne no ti, ne no nan de femfam kofie no ho; na ode eto no so femfam ho. Yei na Dapa no Aturukuku see o'ko hyia ne nua. Obekoro, Dente kofie no ho, obefwe ne nua ntakra, ne no ti, ne nya', n'atabu, ne berebo, ne ne nson. Aturukuku see, "Yei die me'ntimi me nnko bio." Na Aturukuku tuye ko sii oyina so na osee:

"Me'su me nua o!

Watch out!

Wo Akoko 'dehyee wo tiri ni? Wo Akoko 'dehyee wo tabu ni?

Wo Akoko 'dehyee wo nan ni?

Wo Akoko 'dehyee wo berebo ni?

Wo Akoko 'dehyee wo nson ni? "

Na Aturukuku see, " Me nna nko kwayem' bio na kwayemfuo nnye." Nti na Aturukuku kaa Serem', na Akoko kaa 'fie.

I know that we all know, whether it is one or another, that one does not know, and that the other does not know.