Ye’ nse se, nse se o

KWAMENA A OSI ADUKUROM’

11:11 And he said, I will not go out of the house of my father, nor will I enter into the house of my mother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my sister, nor will I enter into the house of my neighbor, nor will I enter into the house of my father, nor will I enter into the house of my sister, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my sister, nor will I enter into the house of my sister, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my sister, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my sister, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my sister, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the house of my brother, nor will I enter into the Na ekaa Kra ne Ohema ’ba se ye’gyina daban pono prapare, ye’nnya ’kwan nko ’fie ho. Na Ohema ’ba maa so:

“Adodowa hini me o! na me na m’aba, Adodowa Kwasi Kampire, hini me, Adodowa hini me o! me sere hini me.”

Na Adodowa nhiii no. Na ono so onhunu ’kwan mma ne kurom’. Na one Kra koo adukurom’. Na Ohema ’ba faa yawa bako tenaam’, na ode bako kataa ne ti; na Kra tenaa ne nkyen. Ene se wo beko adukurom’ na Ohema ’ba ne n’afana Kra te ho a y’adane Kwamena.

We all know that, whether it is one or another, the mother is the mother, and the father is the father.