Ye’ nse se, nse se o

OBA ’KWASEA ENNI OMANM’

OBA bi na owo ho, na wawo mma nnan. ’Pan’in a odim’ no agyimi se biribi. Onnim biribiara yo, enna onuanom see, “Ye’ntimi ne no ntena, nti omfiri ye’fie.” Na sebe kwasea no, koye ko kyekyeree akura tenaam’. Ne kuro no anwea nko’a. Na wasa donko, di ho agoro. Oba ’pan’in no, ne ne mma a aka no te. Osoree dakoro bi, osee oko afuom, obefwe se akoda bi te adukurom’. Osee, “Hwane?” Akoda no ammua no. Oba no koo ho se o’kofwe no yie; osoo akoda no nsa se, “Ma yenko ’fie.” Na akoda no sore dii n’akyi baa ’fie. “Then the king said to his servants, “Take this man, and carry him to the king, and tell him, ‘The king says, ‘I am going to take you to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ And the servants of the king said, ‘Take this man, and carry him to the king.’ When I was eight years old, my father died, and my mother and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle. My father and I lived with my grandfather and my uncle.

“Ena woo me ’Kwasea ’ba, Hurotom.

Agya woo me ’Kwasea ’ba, Hurotom.

Ena woo me yengentwie, Hurotom. Ena woo me yengentwie, Hurotom.

Ena woo me 'Kwasea 'ba, Hurotom.

Ena woo me gyegyentwie, Hurotom."

Mmoatia adi agoro abere, na 'kwasea 'ba ka kyeree no se, "Bra ma yenko nkogye wo tiri nwi." O'ne no duruu 'fie; osee, "Fa me tiri nwi sisi so ma me nko." 'Kwasea 'ba so see, "Wo so m'anwea a w'atiatiam', kata kata so ansa na me de wo tiri nwi atuatua so." Mmoatia koo ho; okata yei so a, na watiatiam' bio. Efei dee mmoatia kata a enkata. Osee, "Agya me mpe asem, me de wo 'ni ho kye no, me so fa me ho kye me, ma me nko." 'Kwasea 'ba see, "Kore, me so m'afa eno." Efei dee, oni ko guu nkotodwe see, "Me da w'ase, me da w'ase, na se 'ba 'kwasea enni membru." Sa nti na ye'se wo wo mma a, te w'ani fwe yen yie, na wo nnim dee dakye ehia wo a obefwe woo.

I'm sure we all know it, whether it's one or the other, the mother is the mother, and the father is the father.