Ye' nse se, 'nse se o

OBA 'BIARA, SE YE DE WO MA AWADE'A WARE

ABABAWA bi ye fre no Kwaboaso na owo ho. Ye de no ma kowa a, osee, "Me mpe no." Ye de no ama obofuo, osee, "Asua! woi a ne ho nsomoro, me mpe no." Dakoro bi, oba no koo fuom' ose oko twa brodee. Ode sekan boo brodee nom' to! se na dabbotia te brodee no so; enie ye si baye ye be soo Kwaboasom'; ye see, "Wo na ye de wo ma kowa a, wo se pusu! pusu!" Na dabbotia no soo nom', ye see:

"Mo mma yen mmia no.

Ye mia o, Ye mia Kwaboaso.

Mo mma yen mmia no.

Ye mia o."

If you want to go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to Kwaboaso, go to

"Meko fwe na ye mmfa bone nntua bone ka." Obekoro, Kwaboaso na dabbotia ye mia mia no. Ena obofuo no too 'tuo boo dabbotia no, na 'bako toreye. Mmoatia no 'pan'in a odim' see, "Wanom nsa abo momfa no nto ho ansa." Obofuo too bio, na obako ato. Mmoatia 'pan'in see, "Okonini anom nsa abo, momfa no nto ho." Obofuo kum dabbotia no nnyina na ekoka opan'in no nko'a. Opan'in no free obofuo se, "Bra." Obofuo see, "Me mma." Mmoatia 'pan'in se, "O! bra, na me nnye wo biribiara." Obofuo koreye. “Therefore, if you are a man of faith, and if you have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and if you have faith in the Holy Spirit, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith in God, and if you have faith Obofuo koo ne ’fie. Efei dee obofuo wo ho a, obefwe se abofuo aba ne nkyen osee, “Amanie?” Obofuo no see, “Kwaboaso se odwane toa Odekuro se efei dee obeware wo.” Obofuo see, “Me da Odekuro ano ase, nanso oba no me ntimi me nware no, na me ho nsomoro no nsave.”

But the servant said, “If you have anything for anyone, take it from him, and if you have anything for me, give it to me.”

We all know that, whether it is one or another, the mother is the mother, and the father is the father.