Ye' nse se, nse se o

SE YOYE A ANANSE KOO 'PADEEM'

Na Ananse ka kyeree yen se, "Y'aba abese me ayie, nti mo mma yenko gya me." Na Ananse maa ye'ko see Nyankonpon se o'ba ayie. Na Nyankonpon so boo dwa te se die Omanhene bi atena'se. Na Ananse see, "Anwumere na meba." Ananse buu boto na ode 'Berekuo, Kwakuo, ne Odwan hyeem', na ode seye, na ofuraa ne ntama guu so. Na Ananse ka kyeree yen se, "Y'aba abese me ayie, nti mo mma yenko gya me." Na Ananse maa ye'ko see Nyankonpon se o'ba ayie. Na Nyankonpon so boo dwa te se die Omanhene bi atena'se. Na Ananse see, "Anwumere na meba." Ananse buu boto na ode 'Berekuo, Kwakuo, ne Odwan hyeem', na ode seye, na ofuraa ne ntama guu so. And he asked the helper, "Give me some water." And the helper gave him some water, and he drank it.

"Kurukusu, ku! ku! ku!

Kurukusu, ku! ku! ku! ni."

Na Kwakuo says:

"Kakum!"

The Odwan ama are:

"Me!"

I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to say Ananse says, "I know." Adeekye Nyankonpon says to Ananse, "I know." 'Berekuo, Kwakuo, and Odwan say, "Ye'so w'ama okom ade yen, nti ye'ne wo e'pae abusuam'." 'Berekuo and 'Kwakuo do not care, and Odwan does not care; and Ananse realizes that he is in trouble, and he takes them away.

I'm sure we all know it, whether it's one or the other, the mother is the mother, and the father is the father.