Ye' nse se, nse se o

SEDIE EYOYE A YEDI NSEMMONE ESUM' SO SEDIE EYOYE A NKODA GORO BAA OSRAMSO SEDIE EYOYE A YEDI ASEM OWIA SO

NYANKONPON woo mma mmiensa, a eye Esum, Osrane, ne Owia. Na ne mma mmiensa no nyanyinye no, na Nyankonpon ma ye koo akura. Woi ko kyekyeree n'akura; woi so ko kyekyeree n'akura; woi so ko kyekyeree n'akura. Na ye wo ho'a, na ye'agya no do Owia. Na bere a Nyankonpon wo ho no, oko punuu akonnua na oka kyeree ne nhenkwa se, "Hwane na onim me trim' asem?" Na Ananse see, "Me na me nim." Ebere a okaa se, "Me na me nim'no", na Onyankonpon maa nhenkwa no nnyina soreye. Ehoara na Ananse nsoso soreye se o'ko Nyankonpon maa kurom'. Ananse ko duruu okwanso, na obisaa ne ho see, "Me nnim ne trim' asem nsoso me se me nim." Na otutuu nnoma nnyina ntakra bi, na ode tamanaa ne ho, na otuye besii gyedua so Nyankonpon kurom'. Na nkorofuo hunuu anoma no ye'nnyina yee "Ye e e e!" Na Nyankonpon firi 'fie baa gyedua no ase na okaye se, "Ananse wo ho a, anka obehunu anoma yi din, na maka se, Owia na me pe se me de no ye ohene, na ma ka se hwane na onim me trim' asem, na Ananse se ono a', na ma punu akonnua, efei ma kotu odee a ye fre no 'kintinkyi', na dee obehunu edin abo no, o'na me de me ma no. Esum said, "Oye, me ne wo be ko." Ananse said, "Me'ko ma ko fa Osrane ne Owia." Esum ka kyeree no se, "Ma me mpe biribi mma wo nni." Ananse see, "Ho!" Esum ko faa aburo kyeye na ode maa Ananse. Na owee aburo no wieye no, na osiim' koo Osrane kurom'. Oduruu 'Srane kurom'no, na osee, "W'agya se me ne wo mmera." Na 'Srane see, "Eye, me ko." Na Ananse see, "Me'ko Owia kurom' ma ko fa no." Na Osrane see, "Ma me mpe biribi mma wo nni." Na Ananse see, "Ho!" Na Osrane boo apesie maa no diye. Na Ananse siim' koo Owia kurom'. Bere a oko duruu Owia kurom' no, oka kyeree no se, "W'agya se me ne wo mmera." Na Owia see, "Eye, me ne wo be ko na ma me mpe biribi mma wo nni." Na Ananse see, "Ho!" Na Owia ko kyeree odwan. Then he said to Ananse, "If my father had lived, he would have been my father, if my mother had lived, she would have been my mother, if my brother had lived, he would have been my brother, if my sister had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my sister had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister, if my brother had lived, she would have been my sister. Ananse see, "Ma ye'nko dua so." Na ye'koye no, na Ananse see Owia se, "W'agya apunu a konnua bi wo ho, na ope se wo na obema w'adi akonnua no, na wako tu odee bi da ho na wo hunu 'din bo a, ode akonnua no be ma wo; na ede, 'Kintinkyi.' Na sedee ebeyo a wo were'mfi no, me twa twenesin ama wo, na maye mpintini ma ka ho, na se ye ka twene no ne mpintini no a, enee wo were'mfi da, na twenesin no ka se:

We're gonna fire!

We're gonna fire!'

Efei mpintini no ka se:

'Kintinkyi bom!

Kintinkyi bomo!'"

Na ye'siim' se ye'ko Nyankonpon kurom'. Na efei ye'be duruu Osrane kurom' ho na ye'faa no, na ye'be duruu Esum ho na ye'faa no. Okwan no so nnyina na ye'goroo mpintini no. Na ye ko duruu nkwantia na Ananse hunuu muntu bi na osomaa no se onko kyere Nyankonpon se oreba. Na Nyankonpon boo 'dwa, na Ananse ne yen baye na ye ko kyeakyeaye. And Ananse Okyeame said, "The king sent me, and I am his father." And Nyankonpon said, "My son, I don't know if I am his father; but I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know that he is my uncle, and I know Na nkorofuo nnyina kaye se, "Ye e e e!" Na Nyankonpon see, "Me 'ba a oto so mmienu ne Osrane, nti ommo din." Na Osrane see, "Eye Asante 'dee." Ye kaye se, "Ye e e e!" Nyankonpon see, "Me 'ba a oka ho mmiensa ne Owia, nti ommo din." Na okasa ne nente nnyam' na agoro no gu so:

"Kintinkyi bom!

Kintinkyi bomo!"

Na Ananse e'te akomfan, na Owia asore agyina ho, na waso odee nom' na osee, "O! yei dee, me ne Agya firi nanteye na me ye aketekete, na okyeree me ne din, na me were mfiriye, na ede, 'Kintinkyi'." Na oman no peneе no mprensa, “E! E! E!” Na n’agya sore decidia ho se, “Wo ’Sum na wo ye panyin, na me kasa a ma ka ma kyere wo, wama wo were afi nti w’anni m’asem so; nti nzemone nkuto na yenni no wo wo so. Na efei so wo Osrane, asem a me ne wo nam, me ka kyeree wo a w’anni so; wo so gye mmofra nkuto na yennoro wo wo so. If you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me, and if you want to see me, you have to see me

We all know that, whether it is one or another, one does not know, and the other does not know.