Ye’ nse se, ’nse se o

SE ’YOYE A KWAKU ANANSE TO YE KAKRAKA MA NE TI YE KETEWA

11:11 And he said, I will not go out to fight, neither will I enter into the city, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the vineyard, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter into the garden, nor will I enter He wrote on his blog and on the radio:

"Nsamanfuo ye fwe asuo, ye de ye ti fwe asuo, Nsamanfuo e ye fwe asuo o."

Ananse says, “Edwom yi ye de, me nto bi?” Nsamanfuo says, “To bi.” Na wa ma so:

"Nsamfuo ye fwe asuo, ye de ye ti fwe asuo, Nsamfuo e ye fwe asuo o."

What is the name of the goddess whose statue is on the hill?

I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere.

Nsamanfuo e ye fwe asuo o."

Ananse to wieye, na nsamanfuo ka kyeree no se, "Ye'affe, ye'anya nam, wo dee kenten ma, fa ko di, gye wo ti konkora toa so na ko; na dee ye ka akyere wo ene se, ada ara a wo be to dwom yi bie, wo ti konkora be bie ato." Ananse see, "Enam bebrebe a mode ama me, me pe, na dwom dee me to ma ye dee ben?" Nsamanfuo no see, "Yee, kore." Ananse siim' koo. Nsamanfuo no soso boaboaa ye ho na yen so ye koo. Efei nsamanfuo no ho'a, na ye'ama so:

"Nsamanfuo ye fwe asuo, ye de ye ti fwe asuo, Nsamanfuo e ye fwe asuo o."

Ananse wrote the song in six days:

"What's the difference between a man and a woman?"

Nsamanfuo e ye fwe asuo o."

Oto wieye ara, na ne ti konkora abie ato. Ananse maa so boo no bo. Osee,

"Nsamanfuo e! nsamanfuo e! me tiri no ate ato o!" Na nsamanfuo no tee, ye kaa se, "Ananse no no, dee ye ka kyeree no no wantie na ofre yen, momma yen nnyina nko na yentie dee obeka." Ankye na Ananse na ogugu so na waba. Osee, "Po! Papa! me tiri no na abie atoro no, nti me sere mo, maye mo biribiara a momfa nkye me, me ma mo di bem, na momfa me tiri ntoa me so." Nsamanfuo no gyee, na ye de toaa no so. Ye ka kyeree no se, "Efei dee wo to dwom yi bio na efiri to bio a, wo fre yen a, ye'mmua, nti ko." Nsamanfuo no siim' koreye. Na ye koro no na ye to ye dwom ko. Osee, "Nsamanfuo e! nsamanfuo e! dinn! Wa fre afre afre, ne nnyina dinn!" Efei dee Ananse soom' a enso, na omaa so na ode ta, sebe, ne to nom, na ohudie 'kwan nkyen, sora! Osee, "'Kwan gye me, na dakye menya me ho a, mema wo bi." Ene se wo behuno Ananse na ne tiri kete kete na no to kakraka; na efiri asoodene.

I'm sure we all know that, whether it's one or another, the mother is the mother and the father is the father.