OCTOBER 2026

EZINZALE ARANE

IT WAS GOD'S WILL

WEBSITE VIEWED: DECEMBER 7, 2026-JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

EVOLVE TO WHERE YOU WANT TO BE

“The day of the glory of God’s name is at hand. God will raise some people to be His witnesses on earth.” This was announced in The Watch Tower, January 1, 1926.

Throughout 1926, Jehovah, through Jesus Christ as the Church, instructed Christians to devote themselves to the work of preaching in every aspect of their lives. That is, “the one and only Lord” provided a new book for the servants of God, reforming their teachings and providing a more accurate description of the work of all Christians. (Matt. 24:45) Jesus’ guidance provided them with the help and inspiration they needed for the work of preaching.

THEY HAVE A BOOK AND THEY HAVE A FRIEND IN OUR FAMILY.

In April, it was announced in The Golden Age (now called Awake!) that a new book entitled Deliverance would be released. It was to be used as a supplement to Studies in the Scriptures. Because the Bible Students were giving out too many copies, volunteers supplied a new printing press. It produced 22 copies a day. And every Bible Student who attended a meeting was given a copy.

For many years, the Bible Students disregarded Studies in the Scriptures as part of their curriculum. However, beginning in May 1926, they devoted themselves to studying The Watch Tower. What was the result?

One of the members of the congregation wrote a letter to Brother Rutherford. A line from the letter read: "We ask you, yes. Each day we study the teachings of the Bible. It is in our best interests that we all learn as quickly as possible any new knowledge that may arise."

Another view led Bible Scholars to focus on the function of preaching. For example, a section entitled "Character or Covenant—Which?" explained that the function of a true Christian is not to strive for good character and good speech. The section explained that Jehovah requires a Christian to be a preacher.

Another theme, “Sacrifice and Service,” emphasized that true Christians must be faithful to show Jehovah’s love. It also encouraged Bible Students to dedicate themselves to teaching and to spreading the message to as many people as possible.—Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

The churches quickly adopted these changes.

2 ORIGIN OF ARANE

One wrote in The Watch Tower, July 15, 1926. He said: “The topics we have studied today, ‘Character or Covenant—Which?’ and ‘Sacrifice and Service,’ have been very encouraging and comforting. Let us not just read the Watch Tower, but study it.” He continued, “It is necessary that we all have a greater desire to participate in the lessons and that the church be more animated.”

THEIR SPECIAL INTERESTS ARE IN THE FIELD OF NATURE AND NATURE RESEARCH.

In late May 1926, Bible Students attended a convention in London, England. At that time, Britain was on a workers' strike, and it was becoming increasingly unlikely that we would have printers to supply us. So, the Brooklyn branch spent several days distributing 117,000 copies of The Standard for the People to the convention.

On Sunday, May 29, the media agreed to use the pamphlet. That same day, he encouraged the media at a conference saying: "It is now the duty of every Bible Church in the country to preach the Good News of the King and the Kingdom. Everyone should go to Alexandra Palace and tell the media there what to do."

The brothers sold more than 100,000 copies of the booklet. On July 15, 1926, the Watch Tower said: “The brothers were encouraged. They felt that they were doing all they could to obey Jehovah’s command: ‘You shall be my teacher and I will be your God.’”

That evening, Mr. Rutherford gave a speech on Universal Declaration of Human Rights at the Royal Albert Hall. The crowd, which had grown to 13,000 in just a few hours, was so large that large speakers were used so that the audience could listen to the speech.

In his speech, Brother Rutherford said that as the world's various powers fought against Jehovah and His Kingdom and were overthrown, he believed in the Second Coming and declared that he would not allow it to happen.

VISIT TO THE NATIONAL HOSPITAL IN INDIA

During the trial, Mr. Rutherford introduced a Reformer named Edwin.

A. Deliverance buluku ne

B. Alexandra Palace sua ne, London

D. Royal Albert Hall, London

DELIVERANCE!

B

D 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 00

A-M_BAR_French (Belgium)

A. When George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner explored India.

E. George Draper

A

E

Skinner was from Sheffield in England.After attending the hearing, Mr. Rutherford told Edwin to come and see him in London.

Mr. Skinner said: "The first thing that occurred to me was the idea of going to a foreign country. I arrived in London in the afternoon. I had decided that I would go to a foreign country where the weather would be better." But Mr. Rutherford asked him: "Is it against your will to go to India?" Edwin answered: "Kenlenzu would like to go."

After six months in July, Edwin and George Wright, his father's missionary companion, sailed to India. Mr. Skinner served as an office clerk and visited Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India and Persia (Iran). Mr. Skinner lived in India for 64 years until his retirement in 1990.

NEAVOLO ADENDUVOMA NATIONAL PARK

The corporation had been providing volunteers to serve as Bible study assistants in various Bible schools since 1894. In July 1926, this service was discontinued. Initially, volunteers served as Bible study assistants for one day, but in July 1926, volunteers served as Bible study assistants for two days, resulting in approximately 100 hours of Bible study per week.

Pastor George Draper stated in a chapter of The Watch Tower that "all the media and pastors should be trained to warn the people, and they should be able to do so so that they will read The Watch Tower." Mr. Draper left the ministry in 1938.

NEW YORK CITY NYIANU NE

The last major convention in 1926 was held in New York City from October 14 to 18. Attendees of the anti-war convention feared that they would have to cancel Mr. Rutherford's lecture entitled "Earth's Greatest Conflict Near." However, shortly after the convention ended, many attendees announced that they would cancel it.

On October 15, Brother R. J. Martin delivered a tract entitled Against the People. Mr. Martin said, “We are committed to spreading the word, and the volunteers will be working tirelessly and generously to distribute 1,250,000 tracts. We will allow the volunteers at this gathering to go to school and teach others.” After the gathering, the volunteers took the tract to school. They collected about 300,000 pounds in the same year.

By the end of the campaign, the media had received approximately 10,000 tracts, including 3,783 copies of The Deliverance and 35,140 copies of The Standard for the People.

On Monday, October 17, according to the official reports, about 12,000 people attended Mr. Rutherford's speech. As soon as he gave the speech, the crowds were overwhelmed with enthusiasm.

4

ORIGIN

S Judge Rutherford's Lecture Earth's Greatest Conflict Near Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 3 o'clock SEATS FREE NO COLLECTION

F ernational Bible Students Association

G

Dr. F. Rutherford gave a speech entitled, "Earth's Greatest Conflict Near" at a conference of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.

G. Bell performs at Madison Square Garden in New York City in October 1926

In 2002, the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of California, Irvine, announced that they would be providing a library of more than 9,000 journals, in addition to the journals that were previously provided at each conference.

THEY HAVE A HOUSE NEAR BROOKLYN

As the demand for the Bibles grew, the Brooklyn branch decided that it needed a larger printing facility. After years of renting a house, the building was too small, so the branch bought land on Adams Street in Brooklyn, near the top of a large family house. The branch moved there, and found a larger printing facility.

A decision was made to move the house in 1927. This would allow the brothers to concentrate on their more urgent work. During that year, new believers were introduced and the organization grew rapidly, eventually becoming Jehovah's Witnesses in 1931.

A bookstore in Brooklyn, New York.

OCTOBER 2026 | 5

DECEMBER 7-13, 2026

STORY 46 Jehovah, We Are in You

This notion is supported by the fact that we must learn to show compassion and to think of ways in which we can express our compassion.

Kile Anyezɔlɛ Dahuu

“Wear humility.”—COLOSSIANS 3:15.

A man named John* is ninety-five years old; he is aged and weak, but he still has people who come to him. Every day when John sees a steward or someone else who needs even a little help, he says to that person, “Thank you.” Then he writes that person’s name in a small notebook. When he comes home, he asks the person who came to him to help him sit on his chair and pray. And John tells the story of the miracles that were revealed to him that day. His contemporaries described him as, "John was not a decision-maker but a steadfast and determined man." John's account also emphasizes that when we are stressed, we become steadfast and determined.

2 Salvation is that we live in a world of evil. The Bible tells us that in the last days, people will be wicked. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) In the minds of some people, doing something is easy and they will do it. But in the minds of many people, doing something is hard and they will do it.

3 Jehovah’s servants should be distinct from this world. The Apostle Paul encouraged us: “Be mindful of your ways.” (Col. 3:15) So if someone does something, don’t let him or her do it.

* Bhehakyi duma ne.

1. What can we learn from the Gospel of John? (Also show the illustration.) 2. What choices do many people make today? 3. What will we discuss in this article?

6

Depression can be caused by a variety of reasons (see Figure 1).

Not only should we be concerned about ourselves, but we should also be concerned about how we live our lives. So let us consider these three questions: (1) Why should we be concerned? (2) What will it help us to live our lives? (3) What are the steps we can take to avoid becoming concerned?

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT GOD?

4 Concentrating on what we have will make us feel small. People who concentrate on what they have are not happy. The Bible says: “It is evil to be anxious when you have little.” (Mark 15:15) Yes, we all have problems that we can’t overcome. We can’t always cope with the problems we face, but the way we cope with them depends on us. Focusing only on the problems we have will make us feel smaller every day. We may lose sight of the great things that are happening in our lives, and this can ruin our happiness.

4. What problems can be avoided if we face deprivation?

5 Depression can be a source of encouragement. See Proverbs 15:15, which says, “The joy of a cheerful heart is in continual joy.” A person with a “joyful heart” focuses on the good things that he has and is encouraged by them. This helps him to divert his attention from his problems and to remain in “continual joy.”

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. When we pray and look to Jehovah for help, we will be free from anxiety. Why? Because it will help us to focus on the wonderful things Jehovah has done for us. It will help us not to worry about what is to come. When we think about how Jehovah is helping us, it will strengthen our confidence in his future. That is, it will help us not to worry about what is to come. —Matt. 6:25-34.

5. How does the loss of self-awareness lead to despair?

6. Why do we feel weakness and lack of confidence? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

OCTOBER 2026 7

Isaiah 33:6 "He is the stability of your times" ♡

Take Time Every Day to Reflect on What Jehovah Has Done for You (See box 9-10)

If we trust Jehovah, even if we don’t use his name, he will give us the “peace of God” to help us focus and overcome difficulties.

7 Our appreciation of Jehovah’s loving kindness will help us to draw closer to him. Jehovah has given us all the things we desire. (Read James 1:17.) He has given us many gifts, including the ransom and the hope of eternal life. Why has he given us all these things? He has given them to us because he wants us to, not because we need them. (Col. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) Our appreciation of Jehovah’s loving kindness will help us to strengthen our relationship with our Father and Great Value, Jehovah.

WHAT IS THE REASON WHY WE ARE HAPPY?

8 Consider what Jehovah has done for you. For example, have you been in a difficult situation in the past? Perhaps a friend or relative has died, or you have been overwhelmed or shocked. Perhaps you have asked yourself later, ‘How did I deal with that situation?’ But if you think about it today, it may not have been your strength that helped you overcome it. It is because Jehovah has given you great strength. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) Thinking about how Jehovah has helped you in the past will help you express deep appreciation for what he has done for you.—Psalm 103:2.

9 Consider what Jehovah is doing for you today. The Bible encourages us: “Be patient in all things.” (1 Thess. 5:18) Take time every day to reflect on the things that Jehovah has done for you during the day. You can do it in a moment of joy, when he will cheer you up throughout the day. Or in a moment of sorrow, when he will comfort you. Or whenever it helps you. (Ps. 92:1, 2) Like John the Baptist, you too can—

7. How can self-loathing damage our relationship with Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. How does contemplating what Jehovah has done for us help us? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What blessings does Jehovah give us every day? (See also the illustration.)

8 ORIGIN OF ARANE

Problem. How do we know the objects that need to be marked?

10 Finally, think about the things Jehovah has done for you during the day. (Heb. 40:5) You might think of answering every prayer you made, reading a scripture that comforted you, or watching a story or video on jw.org that helped you through the day. (Heb. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rev. 15:4) You might also think about and thank Jehovah for the small things he has done for us to make us feel good. And it is because God has given us “friends and neighbors” that we are aware of these imperfections and care about them. (John 17:25) What other blessing from Jehovah would you choose?—Eph. 5:20.

11 And as you share your faith in Jehovah with your brothers and sisters around the world, you will experience new salvation. (Heb. 133:1; Mar. 18:24) Has a brother or sister encouraged you? (Mar. 12:25; 16:24) It can be hard to deal with even the worst of things. Consider an example. After a sister’s daughter died, she was initially able to go to school and play with her classmates. But she said: “One day, a sister saw me. She looked at me and walked up to me and played with me. It made me feel better about my brothers." The little act of kindness by her sister made the younger brother very angry.

11-12. Why should we be concerned about the media?

12 Considering what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he will do for us today, it makes us want to show our appreciation. But, as we learned at the beginning, if someone is being kind to us, we should not be complacent, but should seek ways to show our appreciation. How can we do this?

WHY DO WE NEED TO READ THE BIBLE?

13 What can we do to avoid humiliation? The Scripture refers to it as ‘showing humility.’ When the Apostle Paul gave this advice, he also said: “In every word and in every act, do everything in the name of the Lord Jesus, and in the spirit of God.” (Col. 3:15, 17) So we can show humility in our words and in our actions. Let's see how we can use this statement and behavior to describe some of the disadvantages.

14 Practice communicating. Let it be your habit to respond when someone asks you to do even the smallest thing. Perhaps the person asks for your advice, encourages you, or gives you a word of encouragement. It could be sending a message or writing a short note asking you to do something. For example, does a church elder minister to your family? It could be sending a message to the church elder and asking him to do something. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) And the church shepherds who are responsible for the church’s affairs.

13. What can we do to avoid humiliation? 14. How can we use our language to express humiliation? (See also the illustration.)

OCTOBER 2026 9

What can we do to show our appreciation for someone’s kindness? (See box 14.)

Those who are affectionate also tend to be reluctant when it comes to giving their time and energy to help their fellow human beings and to encourage others.

15 We also want to use our words to express our appreciation for what Jehovah has done for us. How do we do that? By praying from our hearts. But praying in silence is different. (Eph. 6:18) We may pray in silence or in prayer. When we pray in silence, we ask for something from Jehovah. We may ask for strength to overcome a difficulty or for wisdom to make a good decision or to avoid sin. But when we think about the wonderful things Jehovah has done for us, he tells us to pray in thanksgiving. (Sm. 95:2) We can meditate on this prayer and ask ourselves, ‘Is it my habit to do Jehovah’s will in what he does for me, or do I always let him do what he wants me to do?’

16 Respect your actions. If someone is making you feel uncomfortable, find a way to show your respect for what he or she is doing. It is possible to own the person, but it must be through your actions rather than what he or she is doing. Doing so will give you the same joy that we have when we praise someone else. (John 20:35) It will also make the person feel important and appreciated. This will strengthen the relationship.

17 We can show our appreciation for what Jehovah has done for us by our behavior. We appreciate everything he has given us, and that encourages us to be grateful and to do something for him. What can we do for Jehovah? We should ‘offer our hearts to God as a living sacrifice.’ (Read Hebrews 13:5.)

15. How can we use our words to express appreciation for what Jehovah has done for us?

16. Why should we be concerned about the behaviour of others?

17-18. How can we use our behavior to show appreciation for what Jehovah has done for us? (Romans 12:1)

10 ORIGIN OF ARANE

12:1.) This means that we will strive to do what is right in the sight of Jehovah in everything we do. It may mean that we will allow our thoughts and actions to do what is right in the sight of Jehovah. What are some of the things that are right in the sight of Jehovah?

18 We dedicate ourselves to Jehovah and to his pleasure by devoting ourselves to what he wants us to do. Of course, we devote some of our limited resources, such as time, resources, money, and other possessions, to serving Jehovah. That is why we do everything we can to study his Word every day and meditate on it, to preach, to attend special classes, to give time, and to contribute to the Kingdom work. —Heb. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) When we devote ourselves to serving Jehovah, our joy will reflect his love for us.—Col. 3:23, 24.

19 We live in a corrupt world, but we know that it is good to show humility. We know that humility gives us peace of mind, calms our minds, and most importantly, brings us closer to Jehovah. When we think about what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he will do for us today, we will have a stronger desire to do it. Let us decide to be humble in our words and actions. Most importantly, let us be humble in our attitude toward Jehovah. If we do so, we will be showing the humble God both now and in eternity.—Sm. 106:1; Hib. 11:6.

19. Why is it necessary to make a determination?

EXAMPLE 8: Things don’t go well for a young woman’s sister that day, but she thinks about the good things she has had. For example, she thinks about a comforting verse.

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

■Why is it necessary to have an equation?

■ What will help you cope with the loss?

■ What measures can be taken to address vulnerability?

EDWƐNE 139

Resolve Issues After Implementation

DECEMBER 14-20, 2026

EDWƐNE 143

They are silent, steadfast and faithful.

BODANE

We only analyze two of these phenomena today, and this hypothesis will help to explain some of the complexities of our understanding of the universe.

But it is in the context of a group where there are other things to consider as well.

“[So that] all men may become my disciples.”—MATTHEW 13:35.

If you had been there, you would have seen how you reacted. Or if you had seen when Jesus healed a blind man and raised a dead man from the dead, you would have reacted! These are just a few of the miracles recorded in the Bible. Anyone who denies the truth of these miracles will be condemned by God. (Matt. 15:31) But such statements are hard to believe. Are miracles not happening today? Yes! Why do we say this?

2 When we see something that is beyond man’s grasp or understanding, we may think it’s a miracle. It’s something that Jehovah is using his authority to do. In this article, we’ll discuss six miracles that Jehovah is bringing about in his organization today. It’s a miracle because only Jehovah can do it. As we consider each of these miracles, we’ll consider how we can work together with Jehovah’s creation to accomplish them.—Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

YOU KNOW WHERE YOU ARE IN THE WORLD

3 More than 2,500 years ago, Isaiah predicted that God’s servants would be present in our day. (Read Isaiah 60:22.) Has this prophecy been fulfilled? Indeed, if you are a Jehovah’s Witness, you will find that many other religions have failed.

1–2. (a) What are some of the miraculous things described in the Bible? (b) What are some of the miraculous things we know about, and how do we benefit from the miraculous things of the Bible? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can we say that we are a “great cloud”? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also my illustration.)

12

By August 1914, Jehovah’s servants were enjoying unprecedented prosperity (See Figure 3).

1914 to 5,000

2026 Bɛbo 9,000,000

For in 1914, there were about 5,000 servants of Jehovah. But since that time, there have been only one in every 130 nations of the world. This means that we are the poorest of the poor. There are only one in every 240 nations of the world. But the “little one” is the “great one.”

4 While many religions are self-serving because they follow the dictates of a few, we do not. Instead, we follow God’s rules of good life for the sake of many. Therefore, we study the Bible and practice what it teaches. For many of us, it was necessary to make major changes in our mindset and behaviour. (1 Cor. 6:9-11) Once we had made these changes, we returned to preaching the gospel and calling people to the true religion. Eventually, we committed ourselves to Jehovah, or promised him that we would do his will no matter what, and we married.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 What we are seeing is amazing because Jehovah is helping us. Jesus said that he would let someone else act as his teacher. He said: “If anyone wants to be my disciple, let him deny himself and take his cross and come and worship me.” (Matt. 16:24) This means that his disciples must not be willing to suffer or die for their faith. For example, he said that his disciples should face the devil and the angels in order to speak to them. (Matt.

4. Why is the event so unusual?

5. What trial did Jesus predict for His disciples?

OCTOBER 2026 13

In the Shadows of Unpredictability

Jehovah's Witnesses around the world stood firm during World War II despite the threat of persecution. One Nazi SS officer remarked: "It was the Jehovah's Witnesses' persecution that made them stand out."

Consider what happened to the Netherlands during World War II. The 1986 Yearbook said: “Some of our brothers and sisters in the Netherlands were taken to concentration camps, some were deported and some were even killed. But in just two years, the population of the dodo doubled. In 1943 there were 1,379 dodo. Jehovah’s servants helped the dodo survive despite the harsh conditions.”

(John 16:2) He even predicted that the time would come when the true religion would disappear from the face of the earth.—Matt. 10:34-36.

6 Christians believed that salvation was the promise of Jesus. After Jesus ascended to heaven, the Jewish religious leaders tried to deceive them.

6. Why should the resurrection of the dead concern Christians?

But one of the Pharisees, named Gamaliel, warned them: “Don’t listen to these people, but let them alone. For if this order or this work is of man, it will come to nought; but if it is of God, it will not come to nought. Take heed therefore that you don’t walk in the light of God.” (John 8:16). 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Perhaps Gamaliel did not expect this. Even the departure of the apostles disturbed the religious leaders. However, the apostles did not cease, but Christian worship grew. (John 6:7) Why? Because God was planning to let His people walk in darkness regardless of the resurrection.—John 1:8.

7 Even today, thousands of people are entering the truth despite the resistance of their parents, fellow workers, and others. Why did these new disciples expect to experience the “third vision”? (Matt. 16:24) Because they loved Jehovah and trusted that He would do what He promised to His people. And Jehovah gave them that promise and gave them “the strength of prayer” to endure. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) If faith and parenting were lacking, they would feel like the Psalmist who said, “Even if my father or my mother forsake me, the Lord will hear me.” (Ps. 27:10) As many people went away from Jesus regardless of

7. Why can we say that the disciples of Jesus present today are following the example of the Christians? (See also, “We Follow Without Seeing.”)

14

ORIGIN

Given the difficulty, we can say that it is unusual.

8 Each time we participate in a worship service, we are working with Jehovah and Jesus on our behalf. We rely on them, and Jesus promises us: “I will be with you forever, even to this last time.” (Matt. 28:20) And angels help us in our witness.—James 14:6, 7.

THE EVENTS THAT HAVE HAPPENED IN AVINLI ARE THE FOLLOWING

9 The prophet Micah predicted another wonderful thing that would happen in our time. That is, openness among God’s people. In his prophecy, he spoke of men and women who, with the help of Jehovah, would live in openness. (Read Micah 2:12.) That openness has come to an end because today God’s people live in openness regardless of their character or appearance. They agree with the prophet David, who said: “Behold! How good and beautiful it is for the wicked to live in openness!”—Psalm 133:1.

10 Today, we have many proofs of our openness. For example, regardless of where we are, whether we attend a class or a convention, we learn the same subject. Young men and women from all over the world serve as volunteers and helpers around the world. We are close to each other, whether it’s through friendship, money, or generosity. Therefore, wherever we go, our brothers and sisters who love our message are willing to share their experiences with us and encourage us to go and serve Jehovah. Until recently, it was rare to see people from different nations and ethnicities think and act in the same way.

11 Our revelation is remarkable in that it is different from the world’s persecutions. Worldwide persecutions, such as wars, riots, epidemics, and insurrections, are not mentioned in the news reports. Instead, it appears that there is fear and despair among people. In the words of the Bible, people are “untrue, unruly, self-righteous, self-seeking, fearful, greedy, self-serving, spiteful, and liars.” (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Yet we continue to serve Jehovah in openness despite “all the power of the wicked” and his evil spirits. (1 John 5:19; James 12:9) But this is amazing!

12 We can help to preserve the spirit of openness in Jehovah’s organization. How? By listening carefully to what Jehovah teaches us and following it. His teachings in his Word help us to be prudent, to avoid sin, to be gentle, and to be kind in our dealings with others. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) So every time we give in to the temptation of evil, or speak evil of others, or commit a sin, we are working with Jehovah’s power to preserve this wonderful thing in his organization today.

8. What can we do to protect our eyes?

9-10. What is the relevance of Mark 2:12 today?

11. Why can we say that the discovery is extraordinary?

12. How can we contribute to ensuring that there is harmony among God's people?

OCTOBER 2026 15

God’s People Are Friendly to Each Other (See Picture 14)

THE DAY WHEN THE WORLD WILL END IS NOW

13 Jesus said that when he was on earth, he would be watched over by his disciples. (Read John 13:35.) Today’s Christians demonstrate this love in various ways. For example, they shared their possessions with others. (John 2:44, 45) They helped those in need. (John 12:5) They helped the poor and the needy. (John 1:27) Despite their physical absence, they sent gifts to other brothers and sisters in need. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) The famous writer Tertullian described the almighty Christians: "They love all things, and they desire all things."

14 Now, let us be servants of God in the same way as the first-born. Let us share the word with those who belong to the church, and let us love one another. Let us share in the work of God. Let us not seek money or favors, but let us help our brothers in their time of need. If we do this, we will be following Paul's advice. He says: “Comfort the fainthearted, help the weak, be gentle toward everyone.” (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has assembled a great family of people around the world who show mutual love.

15 The love we have for ourselves is remarkable because we live in a world where so many people are afraid. The Apostle Paul said that in these last days people will be “greedful, greedy for money, and greedy for pleasure.” They will despise God and become “men without love,” despising even the members of their own families. (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus warned that people would look down on them and look down on them. He even said that “many men will love.” (Matt.

* For examples, visit jw.org and see the article “Disaster Relief in 2023—‘We See Firsthand Jehovah’s Love.’”

13. In what ways can Christians show that they love one another? (John 13:35)

14. How does God’s people show love today? (See also the illustration.)

15. Why can we say that the love we have for one another is extraordinary?

16

ORIGIN

If you live in the world today, isn’t that true? And Jehovah is using his power to help his people show the greatest love toward each other. It’s amazing!

16 If we sincerely follow the good example of our brothers and sisters and strive to live in harmony with all who love us. (Mark 9:50) And if we show our love for them in our words and actions, they will know that we are God’s people. If we show love, we and Jehovah will be doing wonderful things in his organization today.

MOTHER IS THE ONE WHO GOES TO SCHOOL ALL THE TIME

17 Our mutual affection and love shows that Jehovah is doing wonderful things today.

16. In what ways can we show love to one another?

17. Why can we be sure that Jehovah is doing miracles today?

The world is full of evil, but we have friendship with each other. Although we live in a world without love, the love we have for Jehovah and our brothers and sisters proves that we are true followers of Jesus. (John 13:34) It is not by going somewhere and enjoying the miracles that Jehovah wants for us, but by working with him to accomplish his will.—1 Cor. 3:9.

18 Who could have foreseen a day when people from all over the earth would rejoice in peace and harmony in a troubled world? But how much more do we do today! Let these things of the past give us greater confidence in the future fulfillment of Jehovah’s promises. (2 Peter 3:13) Let your thoughts always be on these wonderful things of the present.

18. When you see the wonderful things that Jehovah is doing, how does he speak to you?

IF WE WANT TO KNOW...

■ What are the objectives?

■ Do we live in an open society?

■ How do we feel about it?

EDWƐNE 154

Ellale Enwie

DECEMBER 21-27, 2026

STORY 135 Jehovah Prays: “My Wife, My Love”

When parents and children have positive relationships, it can lead them to live more faithfully.

We Are What We Can Be

“One man can prevail over a man, but two will be defeated together.”—Proverbs 4:12.

As Jehovah's Witnesses, we know that we must live in true worship. But this world is constantly trying to draw us away from Jehovah. So we need to make every effort to keep our attitudes positive. Some of these attitudes are how we view relationships. For example, some people don't feel it's important to have many friends, whether they're good friends or not. Many adults seek guidance and comfort from the Bible. Some people find it hard to maintain all kinds of relationships. But how do Jehovah and Jesus view their relationship?

2 Jehovah wants us to have friendships that will help us serve him faithfully. It is this kind of friendship that his Father, Jesus, showed. After Jesus died, he told his apostles: “This is the one who puts his life in my hands.” They were his friends. (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) A good friend is someone who supports you in good times and “times of trouble.” (Mark 17:17) Proverbs 4:9-12* teaches us that good friends will strengthen and encourage us. (Read.) They will also help us to do the right thing. When we have a close relationship with others, we can avoid anything that could damage our relationship with Jehovah.

* When discussing marriage, we may use this Scripture passage, but it shifts the focus away from the benefits of relationships.

1. What do most people think of relationships?

2. (a) What did Jesus exemplify about good friendship? (b) According to Revelation 4:9-12, how can good friends help us?

18

It will give us things that we would not have had otherwise, and they will be our friends forever.

3 How can a good friend help a young man or woman to remain faithful to Jehovah? How can parents and other brothers and sisters who love Jehovah become good friends for them? Let’s consider the example of the prophet Daniel and see how he used his courage when he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to cope. We’ll also see how the Good Friend Daniel was helped by Jehovah even at a time when he was struggling.

THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS TO KNOW THAT WE LOVE JEHOVAH

4 Daniel was born during a time of great tribulation. The kingdom of Judah and Judah were in ruins because of the people’s unfaithfulness. In 620 B.C.E., the Lord brought Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, against them. (Dan. 1:2) At that time it seems that Daniel was a young boy. After a few years, he was taken to his palace and taken to Babylon to serve the king. (Dan. 1:3-6) He took the young Daniel to the mother and he was close to his family.

5 What helped Daniel cope with the troubles he encountered in Babylon? The Bible says that “Daniel set his heart” on disobeying God’s commandments. (Dan. 1:8) Who taught Daniel those commandments that helped him make the decision to serve Jehovah as a child? Did his parents help him? The answer is that Daniel’s surname translates to “The Lord Is My Savior.” And the name that Daniel’s parents gave him shows that they were determined that he would serve Jehovah and follow His revelation.—Deut. 6:6, 7.

6 He may also have been encouraged by the work of the prophet Jeremiah. Why can we say so? Let us consider this: Jehovah sent Jeremiah as a messenger in 647 B.C.E., and he brought his wife back to Daniel. (Gen. 1:2) The people with whom Jehovah sent Jeremiah were the royal family and other prominent people of Judah, and they may have been related to Daniel’s family. (Gen. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) It is not certain that Jonah and Daniel were close friends, but it seems that as a young man Daniel was familiar with Jonah’s prophecies. Whenever he had time, he would read them. (Gen. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) However, Daniel saw Jonah as a man who was courageous and determined to remain faithful despite the threats of those who served Jehovah.

7 We can certainly see that the parents of Daniel, the prophet Hananiah, or the other servants of God set a good example for the generations to come.

8 At the same time, parents can set a good example for their children. If you are a parent, ask yourself: ‘How will my children cope if I refuse to listen to anything they say? What will they do if they are confronted with questions about their faith at school or on the Internet?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

4. What problems did Daniel face as a child?

5-6. Who may have helped Daniel to make his decision to serve Jehovah?

7-8. What can parents and fellow Christians do to help young people grow in their relationship with Jehovah?

OCTOBER 2026 19

What will be the true religion in the great tribulation?’ Help your children to love the Lord and turn their eyes to Him. What can you do to do so? Teach them about Jehovah, teach them in class, and teach them at school. It will help if children and parents who have faith follow the Bible faithfully.

YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE GOING TO DO WITH IT.

9 When Daniel and the other Hebrew wise men were taken to Babylon, they accepted the judgment that had been made against them. When they came to Babylon, the Babylonians tried to make them serve in their different gods. They also tried to make them serve in the house of the shepherds. But this judgment would lead to a situation in which they would be unfaithful to the LORD.

10 It may not have seemed so terrible: the king had ordered that Daniel and the other brothers should eat the same food that was prescribed by the Law of Moses. (Dan. 1:5, 8) Both brothers might have thought that if they followed the Law, they would not be doing anything wrong because they were under the influence of alcohol, and they might have thought that it was foolish to do something that would make the king angry. So what would they do?

11 Hebrew numerals representing the base 10

9. What dreadful fate befell Daniel and the other Hebrew wise men?

10. What is the sum of the numbers of the boys?

11. How was Daniel’s returned servant treated? (Also give a portrait of him.)

Only four of the king's servants were appointed to go to worship the LORD. These were Dan, Hidelech, Micah, and Abdenago. These four servants had their faces covered to go to worship. They all refused to eat the king's food. This was in the sight of the LORD.—Dan. 1:6-12, 17.

12 Is it because you think that listening to music is a bad thing? Daniel and his companion were helped to make the right decision. Like those elders, you should also avoid listening to people who are determined to remain faithful to Jehovah forever and not let this world be destroyed. (1 John 2:15-17) A good listener can help you to remain faithful even in “little things” and help you to do what pleases Jehovah so that he will be with you forever. (Luke 16:10) Being faithful in times of adversity will help you to remain faithful in times of great tribulation.

THE GREATEST ADVANTAGE IS THE SECURITY THAT YOU GET WITH IT.

13 A good wise man can help oneself out of difficult situations. Let us consider the example of Daniel and his friend. King Nebuchadnezzar made a terrible prophecy and wanted to know what he had done. He sent for the priests of Babylon and for the people who were to serve him one day. In order that they would tell him the prophecy and make him happy, he did not do so. Therefore, he said to them-

12. What can help young people and adults cope with the challenges of today?

13. What dispute did Daniel and his companion have when he was afraid that they would not be able to resolve it?

20th ANNIVERSARY

The wise men answered, "There is no such thing as this!" (Dan. 2:3, 9-11) But if they refuse to listen, they will be destroyed. So Daniel and his companions challenged the wise men. Daniel and his companions resisted the temptation all the time.

14 Daniel went to the king and begged him earnestly to give him a little time to find out the meaning of his dream. Then Daniel went to his companions. The warden said: “Let them pray to the God of heaven about this matter, that Daniel and his companions may be punished.” (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah sent the prayer and the vision and its interpretation to Daniel. Daniel and his companions were not punished, but the king made darkness rule in Babylon.—Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

15 There are many important lessons to be learned from this battle. First, it is important to be patient in dealing with adversity. Do not let your fears or anxieties prevent you from seeking help from someone else. Second, tell someone to pray for you in your situation. (2 Cor. 1:11) Mass prayer can be very powerful. The “Friend of Compassion” can help us overcome even the most difficult situations. (Ps. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) When we enjoy close relationships with fellow servants of Jehovah, we can be confident that he will give us the strength and guidance we need to overcome our challenges.—Read Galatians 6:2.

SECTION 1: APPLICATION OF THE PRINCIPLES OF INTELLIGENCE AND INTELLIGENCE-BASED DEVELOPMENT

16 Jehovah is a great Friend who can help us in any situation, even when He gives us strength. For example, when Daniel was young—about 90 years old—he was fighting against the Medes and Persians in Babylon and King Darius was coming to power. Some of the eunuchs who served in the king’s palace encouraged Daniel and decided to kill him.

14. What did Daniel and his companions do about the plague? (See also the picture.)

15. What can we learn from this warrior? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What did Daniel see when he was awake?

How did Daniel’s courage help him deal with the difficulties of his age? (See Box 14.)

God Does Not Forsake His Friends (See Picture 18)

The king's mind was moved by the decree that no one should ask a petition from anyone but the king himself. Daniel defied the decree and was thrown into the river. During the flood, it seemed to him that he had to give up the castle because there was no one there to help him pass through the flood. But would he have given up the castle?—Dan. 6:4-16.

17 Daniel 6:19-23 describes the miraculous way in which Jehovah guided Daniel. (Read.) While Daniel was in the dungeon of the dragons, Jehovah God, the Most High, guided him out of the dungeon. In the evening as the warden went out of the dungeon, Daniel told him: “My God sent his angel, and he stood in the dungeon of the dragons, … because I found no shame in him.” (Dan. 6:22) Daniel’s great confidence in his God, Jehovah, gave him courage.

18 And Esau was his friend, and we his sons.

17. As shown in Daniel 6:19-23, how did Daniel’s close relationship with Jehovah help him?

18. Why should we worship Jehovah, and how can we continue to do so? (See also the illustration with the slogan “The Lord Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Savior.”)

Relationships can be fragile. They may require a break, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your comfort zone, a break from your

SECONDARY SCHOOL STUDENTS WITH DISABILITIES

19 It is important for us to have good counsel today. Why? Because good counsel will help us to make sound decisions as “the day of Jehovah” approaches. It will give us wisdom and help. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11.) As the apostle Peter saw that “the end of all things is at hand,” he said: “Therefore, let your love endure.”—1 Peter 4:7, 8.

20 Good governance is a gift that

19. Why is it necessary to have good judgment today? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

20. (a) How can we have better judgment? (b) If we have better judgment, what are the consequences?

22 ORIGIN OF ARANE

The Lord is with us, and we meet Him all the time today. So, as Daniel did, you too keep people close to you. Let the example of your brothers and sisters in the church who are like Genesis inspire you to do the right thing and keep them close to you. And let the people who will help you keep you from making decisions that will lead you to lose your loyalty to the Lord. Raise your head and ask someone to pray for you in times of need. Most importantly, always remember that the Lord is your stronghold. He will not abandon you. (Heb. 13:5) With the help of Jehovah, we can strive to do everything we can to be close to him and to have a good relationship with him.

Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Value

What if you find it difficult to worship Jehovah as your God or as someone you can rely on? Try every day to do positive things in these areas that will bring you closer to God.

• Prayer: Speak to Jehovah in prayer; He wants to hear you.

• Take Time for Jehovah: Listen to what Jehovah is telling you while reading the Bible or praying. Study His various names and things He does to get a better understanding of Him.

• Compassion: Concentrate on when you are in need of someone else's kindness, and try to get closer to God by doing what He wants you to do.

For more information, see How Can I Become God’s Witness? at jw.org.

TRUE TO YOURSELF: Daniel and his companions are taught to be true to themselves so that they can stand up for their beliefs and remain faithful.

..................................................

■ When we face adversity?

■ When we face a problem that seems impossible to solve?

■When it comes to the castle?

EDWARD 161 I’ll Do What’s Right

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

EDWINE 162 The Lordship of Dahou

This concept will encourage us to think about the everyday phenomenon and will help us to identify some of the ways in which we can think about it.

Search the Bible for Answers

“Listen to the word and always examine the Scriptures carefully.”—JOH. 17:11.

In 1905, Jehovah’s Witnesses began a publication called The Daily Heavenly Manna for the Household of Faith. The Daily Heavenly Manna, which contained a horoscope for each day of the year, was similar to Zion’s Watch Tower’s Horoscope. Jehovah’s Witnesses continued to use the Daily Heavenly Manna until 1927, more than 20 years later. Today, the Horoscope for each day of the year is included in the Year Book*. In addition to producing a new Year Book every year, each year the members received a different Bible passage and a commentary from The Watch Tower on each subject.

2 In 1986, the organization announced that every section of the study we will discuss would be published as a booklet called Examining the Scriptures Daily. This booklet is now available in more than 300 languages. Examining the Scriptures Daily is also available through JW Library, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY (wol.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

3 It is necessary that, as we are now, so also some of us should remain forever in the presence of the Lord.

* Some languages do not have a Year Book, but if you visit The Watch Tower every week, you will see a daily sketch of the sunrise and sunset with the Watch Tower in the background.

1-2. (a) What does the Jehovah’s Witnesses do to help God’s people meditate on a scripture each day? (b) What can we learn from this example today?

3. What will allow us to continue to discuss the concept of time, and what will we discuss in this article?

24

Answers to the following questions: What biblical examples motivate us to continually examine the Scriptures? Why is it important to discuss every aspect of the Scriptures? What are the ways in which we can do this?

WHAT YOU CAN DO NOW

4 The inscription illustrates the attitude of a group of Jews in Macedonia at the time of Paul’s preaching. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) They were not seeking consolation in Paul’s preaching. The Bible says that these people were “studying and fully absorbed in the word” that Paul was preaching. When they applied Paul’s preaching to what they were reading from the Scriptures, they saw that he was teaching the truth. Similarly, when we are in a class or at a meeting and a listener is reading a passage from the Scriptures, if we compare it with the Bible, we can be confident that what the listener is telling us is true.

17:12) But there was a problem. The Jews in Thessalonica came to Berea “and persuaded the people” to be angry with this new teaching. (John 17:13) But Berea’s outpouring of persecution stirred people’s hearts. The Scripture’s continual scrutiny caused them to burst forth to know the truth and to follow it. But if we study the Word of God daily,

The Way We Serve Jehovah and Others

• It was in the Law of Moses that the priests were required to offer daily sacrifices.—Ezek. 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to keep the Law and meditate on it “with tenderness and delight.”—Josh. 1:8, Rev.

• Jehovah instructed the scribes of Israel to write a copy of God’s Law and read it daily.—Deuteronomy 17:18-20.

• The Psalmist says that we should devote ourselves to the law of God “with meekness and gentleness.”—Psalm 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed six times a day.—Dan. 6:10.

• The book of Revelation describes a great group of people serving God in “kindness and peace.”—Isa. 7:15.

It will give us strength to overcome any difficulties we face.

WHY SHOULD WE HAVE A FRIENDLY RELATIONSHIP WITH GOD?

6 It helps to keep our attention focused on Jehovah and His worship. We should take time to worship Jehovah because He is God. He wants us to have eternal life. (John 3:16)

4. When the Apostle Paul preached the gospel to Belial, what character did he exhibit? (Romans 17:10, 11)

5. How did continuous Bible study help Billy?

6. What should we do every day of the sabbath? (See the section, “Serving Jehovah’s Body and Blood.”)

OCTOBER 2026 25

Taking time for Jehovah’s pleasure is beneficial. Many Christians find that taking time out of their daily schedule to devote to spiritual activities helps them to devote themselves to prayer, Bible reading, and meditation.

7 Let us make good use of our time. (Read Ephesians 5:15, 16.) We should take a little time every day to meditate on what our loving Heavenly Father teaches us.

8 Let’s face the challenges of life. Jesus said, ‘Every day is a challenge.’ (Matt. 6:34) And as Jesus said, every day is a challenge. But it’s also clear from that same example that Jehovah knows where we are and what we face. (Matt. (Proverbs 68:19; 1 Peter 5:6, 7) For example, a young sister was depressed over a serious sin she had committed and was unsure if Jehovah would forgive her. She prayed to Jehovah for help to go out of her way to forgive her sin. Then she fell into a deep slumber. She read from Proverbs 86:5. She said: “O Jehovah, thou art good and willing to forgive, and loving toward all who call upon thee.” She said: “It was my heart’s delight that Jehovah comforted me at that time. This gave me the courage to work hard every day in the classroom.”

7-8. What else should we do every day of the week? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

9 A key part of the theme is to “rely on Jehovah” in times of trouble. (Mark 3:5, 6) For example, during the Russian-Ukrainian war, the theme was Isaiah 30:15, which reads: “If they hold their heads and have confidence, they will be strengthened.” That scripture encouraged the brothers in Ukraine. A young brother named Eduard said: “My wife and I walked along the edge of the theme and looked up. After we prayed, we were able to focus on ourselves.” A sister named Svitlana said: “This verse from Isaiah 30:15 was very relevant to us. We didn’t worry about it or talk about it while the war was going on.”

10 It helps us in our decisions to remain faithful. We need courage to stand out from our peers and colleagues. We also need courage to speak the truth of the Bible and to be faithful when faced with adversity. When Jehovah sent Joshua to the Israelites, he told him six signs that he should have courage and be confident. And Jehovah told Joshua to read the Book of Deuteronomy every day so that he would have greater courage. (Read Revelation 1:6-9.) If we take the time to study the Bible regularly, it will strengthen our hearts and keep us true.

9. How has the election affected the role of the media in Ukraine?

10. (a) Why do we need courage? (b) What can we do to develop courage? (Revelation 1:6-9) (See also the illustration.)

26 THE BIRTH OF ARANE

Regular reading of the Bible leads to greater confidence in what it teaches.

(See Figure 10.)

11 It helps us to develop a good character. Paul instructed the elder Timothy to pursue good character in speech, behavior, love, faith, and judgment. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) By reading from the Scriptures, we will be able to think about how to develop a good character. This will enable Jehovah’s Spirit to guide us and we will learn to think like him and to be like him.—Col. 8:5, 6.

12 It will help us to look forward to different roles in Jehovah’s service one day. As Jehovah’s organization grows, we meet brothers and sisters who are not spiritually fit to join us in the great work we are doing. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries. We meet brothers and sisters who will be volunteers and missionaries.

11. How does it help to be a good student?

12. Who is righteous in Jehovah’s organization, and what should we do to keep it righteous?

However, we are facing a growing challenge to serve as ministers, elders, and stewards. Jehovah is seeking able-bodied men, men who apply biblical principles to his organization. (Dt. 1:13-15) And this focus on his will help us to set daily tasks that will bring us closer to Jehovah and to develop the distinctive qualities that will benefit us in every activity.

WHAT IF WE DON’T KNOW THE REASON FOR THEIR EXISTANCE?

13 What are some ways that you can use the lesson plan? The volunteer brothers and sisters will use the lesson plan. But if they do so, they will be devoted to prayer.

13. What kinds of structures can we expect to be found in the future?

OCTOBER 2026 27

What helps us to keep our minds focused when we are in a mood of relaxation? (See box 18)

Ask Jehovah to help you take advantage of what is coming your way. (John 1:5) Then read the scripture and the context. Ask yourself: ‘How will this lesson help me strengthen my faith? How will it help me get closer to Jehovah? How will I deal with any problems that may arise during the lesson?’ If you take your parents or a friend with you to the lesson, each of them will share what they have seen to encourage them. (Eph. 1:12) Some disciples realized that if a particular doctrine of the gospel was not preached, it would be preached throughout the day.

14 How Can You Benefit from the Study Topic? Try to make sure you apply these tips: (1) Look for the study title in the topic and ponder it. (2) Read the different Bible passages in the topic. (3) Read the entire study topic that day. (4) Find more information on Jehovah’s Witnesses’ Research Center. (5) Find more information in the Bible Study Guide that follows the topic. If you are using an e-tablet or tablet, you can see the Bible Tablet corresponding to the message at the top of the screen.*

15 Nineteen-year-old Sister Mackenzie described her own experience: "When I'm on holiday and I take the tea for a while, it's like a minute or so before I take it again and think about it. If I do that, it helps me remember the whole thing."

16 When should you take time off from work? It should be when you are with your family. For example, when you are cooking or taking your children to school. Some people leave a Bible Study Challenge on the desk so that they can read it and practice it regularly.

* He counts the years and months from the Day of Judgment and focuses on the events and conversations.

14-15. What else can we do to prepare ourselves for the coming of Christ, and what will help us to do so?

16. At what time of the day should the lesson take place?

28 INTEGRATED SERVICES

17 Why is it helpful to set aside time for our alarm clock? Because if we don’t, the clock will go off. John, 16, says: “If you set aside time for your alarm clock, you’ll be distracted from the things that matter to you, and you won’t do anything.” Sister Sierra, 25, says: “The alarm clock is the only thing I do during the day.” And brother Rogelio, 21, says: “If I set an alarm on my phone, it always wakes me up.”

18 Stay focused on your schedule. Make plans. Sister Isabelle, 19, says, “If you make a decision not to eat or drink anything in your day, make a plan for your day. If you eat or drink something in your day, it’s a lot easier.” Sister Olivia, 19, says, “It helps to make a plan with family or friends. If you have someone who makes you feel bad or gives you a hard time, you will never forgive him."

BUT THEY ARE NOT ALONE IN THE CONCEPTION OF THE PERSONAL INTEREST.

19 Parents, if you take your children to the park every day, you will encourage this attitude in them. If your children don’t even take part in the park, they will benefit from it every day. For example, a young boy may grow up to have sunshine every day. So if your child has a close relationship with Jehovah and is guided by him, he will be able to spend a little time every day contemplating the park.—Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: “It is not by meat that man shall live, but by every word that comes out of the mouth of the Lord.” (Matt. 4:4) We eat food every day. So it is necessary to study God’s Word every day, because we live!

17-18. (a) Why is it wise to spend some time devoting ourselves to God’s kingdom? (b) What encourages us to do so continually? (See also the illustration.)

19. Why is it necessary for children to be in the presence of God every day? Let us give an example. (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20. Why is it necessary to study the Word of God daily?

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

■ Why is it necessary to do the same thing every day during the holidays?

■ How can we ensure that our learning is meaningful?

■ What are the lessons in this story that will help you keep up with the trends of the time?

STORY 94 Let Us Respect God’s Word

Keep Your Eyes and Ears Closed When You're In A Group

WHEN you went to church with Jehovah’s Witnesses, what prompted you to notice the “sound” or the right way of serving God? (Eph. 4:4-6) Did the love among Jehovah’s people influence your attitude? Did the good character they demonstrated make you look down on them? The factor that brought many people to the truth was how we treated them, how we loved the truth, and how we understood them. For love and good character are the hallmarks of true Christians.—John 13:35; 1 Peter 2:12.

What if a loved one does something that hurts you or does something that is not loving? Or what if a loved one commits a serious sin, a terrible sin like the man in the Corinthian church who was admonished by Paul? (1 Cor. 5:1) If faith is based on a person’s actions and words, then it is not good faith. Is there any kind of faith that will strengthen your faith?

ADIABO MƆƆ GYI KPUNDII

Strengthening your confidence that what you learn from the Bible is true will help your faith to stand up to the tests of time. How does this help? Let’s see.

One day, one of Jesus’ disciples refused to eat. What did he do? He refused to eat Jesus’ meat and drink his blood. He said, “Let this be done.” Jesus’ words shocked them, and they resolved not to eat him again.—John 6:56-60, 66.

Jesus later asked his apostles: “Do you also want to go?” Peter answered him: “Lord, to whom shall we go? This is the word of eternal life. We have heard it, and we know that you are the Christ, the Son of God.”—John 6:67-69.

What made Peter and the other apostles so different from the crowd? Their faith was based on what they heard, not what they felt. Peter said, “We have heard, and we know that you are the Christ, the Son of God.” These disciples knew what was happening and why it was happening. They were convinced that Jesus was the Messiah because they combined what they had learned in the synagogue with what Jesus had said and done. This great dichotomy developed in the early years of the teachings of Jesus.

What do we learn from this? What we know can have greater authority than how we feel. Why can we say this? The Bible does not exclude certain teachings about God’s name, purpose, and redemption.

30th ANNIVERSARY

Some people may express how they feel, but not the truth of the Bible. So if we apply the words of the Bible and the truth taught by the Jehovah's Witnesses, we will never let our character be judged by others.

In fact, the love shown by the media can be very encouraging. It encourages us to show good character. However, if the behavior of some of the media is not improved, our confidence that what we learn in the Bible is true will be weakened. It will help us to feel that we are in the true religion regardless of the bad behavior of a small minority of the media.

A systematic study of the Bible will strengthen our confidence that what we learn from God’s Word is true. That confidence will help us to choose the right way to serve God. It will also help us to build our faith on a solid foundation that will not be shaken by other people’s actions or words.—Heb. 16:8; see the section entitled “Believe in the Truth.”

If we base our beliefs on what other people do and say, then there will be no good.

Ko Zo Dua Adenle Kpalɛ Ne Azo

Think of it as a boat going to some beautiful place in the sea. If the boat is going, you're better off because you're going too.

On the road, however, certain events can cause confusion: perhaps two of the passengers are facing the same skyline, or perhaps the ship's stern is facing the wrong angle. However, not all of these objects make up the right angle and the route must be continued.

In the same way, we all have a right to enter the new heaven that He promises us, and we feel that we are part of the organization that is on the way. But at some point some of our sins will become an offense or some of our sins will become a grave sin in the eyes of God. But it is not that we are not in the right organization. The organization that will enable us to enter the new heaven is already in place. If we believe that what we learn from the Bible is true and that God's organization teaches this truth, it will help us to walk in the right direction and never lose faith.

THE WORLD IS A MEMORY OF JEHOVAH

October 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 11 NZEMA

ABOUT THE MAGAZINE

1926—The Year That Was | 2

Bible Study Topics for December 7-13 | 6th Sunday in Ordinary Time

Bible Study Topics for December 14-20 | May 12 Is the Day of the Lord's Supper

Bible Study Topics for December 21-27 | 18 We Can Survive

Bible Study Topics for December 28–January 3 | 24 Bible Study Topics

Maa Wɔ Diedi Ɛgyinla Adiabo Mɔɔ Gyi Kpundii La Azo | 30

Donate this book. It supports the worldwide Bible teaching work through heartfelt donations. If you would like to support us, please visit donate.jw.org.

To distinguish between different meanings, the terms in the Scripture are given in Scripture Meanings—The World English Dictionary.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

ANWUBIELƐ

Let Jehovah Be Your Guidance

Her sister Emma was working two days a week in a hotel and was working seven days a week. One day, she asked her boss to give her a day off. But the boss refused, saying that she would only be working one day a week. She said that if she didn’t get another day off, she would quit. Emma decided to quit her job so she could go to the meeting, and she was confident that God would choose her.

On the day Emma went to the hotel to complain to the receptionist that she was leaving, the guy who was in charge of all the maids was there. When she told him, he told Emma not to do it. However, two days later, he returned to Emma. One day, he called the guy who was in charge of all the maids and told him to leave. The receptionist was angry that he didn't do what he was told and left Emma. He told Emma to go to work, even though he was waiting for her to get a job. He would work one day a week and would be happy to work four days a week. He was better off than the family and had time to do spiritual things. Jehovah used him in a way that he did not want.

Visit the jw.org website or click on this logo

JW.ORG

w26.10-NZ