AUGUST 2026

SECONDARY PRODUCTS

IT WAS GOD'S WILL

DATE OF VISIT: OCTOBER 5–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

EDWARD 55 Beware!

BUDDHA Ignore Satan’s false teachings about Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

Defeat Satan—Put Your Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

“Know the way of the Lord, and he will run before you.”—JAMES 4:7.

If we decide to serve Jehovah, Satan and his evil spirits will be defeated. But Satan knows that only when Jehovah is with us will he be able to fight against us. So he tries to turn us away from Jehovah so that we will no longer serve him. And the only way he does this is by making us think that we should not be with Jehovah and his Son.—2 Cor. 11:14; John 1:6.

2 If we are to fight a war, we must have confidence in our leaders. If that confidence is weakened, we will be overwhelmed and destroyed. However, we still have the “evil seed” in our spirits. (Eph. 6:12) And Satan knows that if we renew our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ, he will not be able to defeat us. So he is doing everything in his power to destroy our confidence. In this article, we will discuss how he has used this method in the past and how he continues to use it today. We will then discuss how we can overcome these traps. In other words, we will discuss two more ways Satan works in our spiritual warfare.*

* It is not Satan who causes all our problems to arise. But he uses the “spirit of wrath” that causes people to oppose God’s people. And when he uses the spirit of wrath, when he uses it on others, he is using all the problems we face in our spiritual warfare.—1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

1. What does Satan try to do to turn us away from worshipping Jehovah? 2. Why do we need to trust in Jehovah and Jesus Christ?

2

SATAN’S ATTACK ON JEHOVAH AND JESUS AND GOD’S TRADITION

3 When Jehovah created Adam and Eve, it was obvious that Satan had a plan to turn them away from him. He tempted Eve into believing that her Creator did not care about her. Satan asked: “Does not God take every fruit from the tree of knowledge of good and evil?” (Gen. 3:1-5) Satan led Eve to think that she was like Jehovah, but she and her husband did not make all the necessary things for them. The punishment was that Eve and Adam took advantage of that creation and rebelled against Jehovah, the Angel who created them.—Gen. 3:6.

4 Since the time of Adam and Eve, Satan has been constantly questioning Jehovah’s righteousness. For example, he used the six false accusations against Job to make Job doubt Jehovah’s righteousness and faithfulness. (Job 22:1-3) Satan had the idea that if Job got into trouble, he would repent to Jehovah. What Satan did upset Job greatly, but he stayed true and did not commit a sin that would destroy him and God’s favor.—Job 27:1, 5.

5 Many years after Jesus came to earth, Satan tried to persuade people to persecute him. One way he did this was by inducing the Jewish religious leaders and others to speak falsehoods about him. Eventually, he was killed as a sinner. —Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus’ death, Satan focused his attention on the work of Jesus’ ministry. One of Satan’s tactics was to try to mislead people as to whether or not Jesus was resurrected. For example, he used some people to pretend that Jesus was resurrected but that it was the ministry that caught him in the pit. (Matt. 28:11-15) Instead, he tried to deceive the ministry. He wanted the ministry to feel that it was not doing God’s work.—John 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

7 While some Christians in these times were frightened and left the ministry, many were converted and kept quiet. They recognized that Satan and the evil spirits were using them to serve Jehovah. (John 4:18-20; 1 Peter 5:8) What about today? What does Satan use as a means to serve Jehovah?

SATAN’S ATTACKS AGAINST JEHOVAH, JESUS, AND CHRISTIANITY

8 Furthermore, one of Satan’s strategies is to make people lose sight of the relationship that exists between Jehovah and Jesus. As he is “knower of all things,” he uses religion to make false claims about them to many people. (John 8:44) For example, he uses the minds of men to deceive them into believing in the relationship that exists between Jehovah and his Son. (2 Cor.

3. What did Satan do to destroy the trust of Adam in Jehovah?

4. What false accusations did Satan make against Jehovah in the days of David?

5. What did Satan mean when he permitted demons to attack Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. How did Satan influence the personality of Jesus?

8. What false claims does Satan make about Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST 2026 3

The evil world draws upon us all the means it can to make us disobey God’s laws.

(See box 11.)

4:3, 4) Christian prayer practice teaches that the Sun and the Son are one. This is why people devote themselves to worshiping the nameless Sun and not His Son. Jehovah and Jesus do not tolerate false worship. (Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) If people do not have a false mindset, it is likely that they will be discouraged or even removed from worship.

9 One of the first things we do when we want to be close to someone is to blaspheme that person’s name. Just as Satan wants people to be close to Jehovah, he wants people to know his name. He has used traditional religion to scare people away from God’s name over the years. (Read Genesis 23:26, 27.) Satan is trying to remove God’s name from many Bible translations. (Mark 18:10) And Satan is making people think that Jehovah will not let us suffer. Therefore, it is not surprising that those who love Jehovah regard him as the only Valuable One they can approach. (John 4:8) Indeed, Satan uses deception to weaken the faith of even Jehovah’s people.

9. How does Satan use traditional worship to prevent people from learning about Jehovah? (Genesis 23:26, 27)

4

ORIGIN

10 When we face problems, Satan tries to make us think that Jehovah doesn’t care about us. Instead, he thinks that if we forgive the problem, we will be angry with Jehovah. (Mark 19:3) Maybe those who feel angry are thinking: ‘Why should I not keep Jehovah’s commandments and rules? Let me take advantage of it!’ Evil thoughts can allow Satan to control us.

11 Satan uses social media to distort people’s minds about Jehovah’s ways. For example, many people use social media to discredit the Bible’s principles of life and the individual’s right to choose. It is clear that “the ruler of the world” is instrumental in influencing people’s minds about what is right and wrong.—John 14:30; Isaiah 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1, 2.

12 Listening to Satan’s suggestions can cause us to turn away from Jehovah. Let’s consider the example of a young sister named Shannon. She said: “It wasn’t long before I realized that the life lessons I learned at school and the people I went out with influenced my judgments about right and wrong. As I met more of my family, I became more eager to learn from them. I made a firm decision to turn away from Jehovah, my family, and my friends.

10. Why can a Christian be angry with God?

11. What is Satan doing to mislead people from following Jehovah’s principles? (See also Revelation.)

12. Why should we be wary of Satan’s deceptions?

I am so sorry for my brothers and sisters.” Amos, Shannon fled to the Sun of Heaven and fled into God’s arms. What did he say that made him decide to do so?

13 Shannon realized that she needed to make changes to stay close to Jehovah and Jesus. She said: “I prayed and studied our books. The video, Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends?, helped me a lot.* In that video, a young woman who was having a problem with me looked at it and told her parents, and they helped her. I did the same. My parents, church elders, and non-spiritual sisters helped me to think about my bad relationships. I realized that if I wanted to be in the truth, I didn’t just have to go to school and do what I liked. So I had to take my mother’s Bible and convince her that it was true, and I had to build my relationship with Jehovah.”

KNOW THAT JEHOVAH AND JESUS ARE THE SAME

14 In order to grow in the eyes of Jehovah, we must judge the people with whom we contend wisely. (John 4:4) We must also be careful not to speak anything that attacks or denies the truth.

* By visiting jw.org and viewing the sections How to Help in the Parenting section, Children and Teens section, or Parents and Teenagers section, you will find resources that can help your child develop a better relationship with God. In JW Library, see the section Spirituality in the Young People Ask section.

13. What can we learn from the Shannon equation?

14. How can we prevent Satan from destroying our faith? (See also illustration.)

AUGUST 2026 | 5

FREE BIBLE COURSE

If we think of things that will keep us close to Jehovah, Satan will not be able to tempt us. —See box 14.

Faith. For example, if a few words in a sentence or the whole sentence is false, it will spoil our minds. But if we study the Bible and our books and frequently associate with unspiritual Christians, it will be possible for one to be enlightened. If we carefully study the truth, it will make it possible for Satan to destroy our faith.—Mark 13:20; Acts 17:11.

For example, Jehovah compared his love for his people to his love for his beloved Son, and said that his love was greater than even that of a father. (Isa. 49:15) In addition, he said that those who worshiped his name would be “the work of his hand.” (Mal. 3:16, 17, etc.) We can also look at what Jesus taught us in the Bible. He said that his love was so great that he gave his life for us.—John 15:12, 13.

15 Continuing to study the Bible will help us to be confident that Jehovah and Jesus are with us. (Mark 22:19) Let’s consider a Bible story that shows how

15. What can we do to be sure that Jehovah and Jesus are with us?

6 THE BIRTH OF ARANE

16 Reflecting on the present that Jehovah and Jesus give us today can help us feel like they love us. For example, if we think of a time when Jehovah answered a prayer or gave us the strength we needed, it will give us confidence that he will do so again. We can also ask our brothers and sisters to tell us how they are helped by Jehovah. (Mark 22:17) If we do so, it will give us confidence that we can overcome any difficulty we may have with Jehovah and Jesus. —Read Hebrews 118:5, 6.

17 We all want to be Jehovah God’s and Jesus Christ’s friends forever. But before Satan and his evil spirits are completely removed, they want us to lose our confidence in Jehovah and Jesus. (James 20:1-3, 10) To be in the company of these friends, we must maintain close friendship with Jehovah and live in communion with him and his worshiping Son. And, as Jesus said, “no seed shall ever perish from the earth.”—Read John 10:29; John 4:7.

18 In other words, we will discuss two other ways that Satan uses in our war against him. These are his attempts to bring trouble into the church and the resurrection of those who belong to the church. And we will discuss what we can do to remain faithful to Jehovah regardless of what Satan does.

16. How will it help us to think about how Jehovah helps us or how we should help others? (Psalm 118:5, 6)

17. What promises Jesus to those who will abide with Him forever in John 10:29?

18. What will we discuss in the next article?

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

■ What false claims did Satan make about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ What false claims does Satan make about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ How can we learn to love Jehovah and Jesus?

STORY 150 See God and Have Faith

OCTOBER 12-18, 2026

EDWƐNE 129 Yebagyinla Kpundii

The point is always that true Christians fight against demons, but not all fellow Christians.

Could Not Create Connection!

"We fight not against flesh and blood, but against the powers of evil in the heavenly places.”—EPHESIANS 6:12.

Jehovah’s servants do not wage war. (Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) But the Bible tells us that we must all wage war against Satan and his evil spirits. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) How can we be victorious in the war against these evil spirits? The most important thing to do is to submit ourselves to Jehovah’s help. But we also need to know how to resist Satan and his evil spirits and our fellow believers.

2 In the previous article, we discussed how Satan tries to undermine our trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will discuss two other ways in which Satan works with us. First, he tries to undermine our relationship with our brothers and sisters. Second, he tries to divert our hearts or minds from doing what Jehovah has commanded us to do.

SATAN DECIDED THAT HIS TIME WAS COME

3 Satan tries to create confusion between us and the media. His goal is to make us think that we are different from him. How does he do this? Many people in Satan's world are cruel and unloving. They don't trust each other. Satan wants us to have the same attitude of the world and talk to the media in a friendly way.

1. Who should all of us be baptized? (Ephesians 6:11, 12) 2. What will we discuss in this article? 3. How does Satan try to destroy our faith?

8

Jonathan loved David but Saul’s heart was with David, and he destroyed Saul’s faith in the Lord.

(See figures 4, 6)

We find them even in Jehovah’s organization.—Col. 16:17.

4 Let us look at some examples. King Saul rose against David who was faithful. At first Saul had a good opinion of David. He was pleased with David’s prowess in battle. (1 Sam. 18:5) But later when Saul saw that the people had a better opinion of David than he had, he had a bad opinion of him. This is why Saul tried more and more to kill David. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) If he had succeeded in killing David, he would have shown that he was doing what Satan wanted. Why? Because the Lord had chosen David to one day be king of Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) If this was the case, Satan would have been a great enemy. Saul was angry with David and wanted to destroy him in every way. When Satan saw this, he must have been pleased.

4. Why did King Saul rise up against David? (See image below.)

5 Satan knows that if there is enmity in our midst, he will deceive and undermine Jehovah. (Ps. 133:1) As Satan seeks to gain that enmity, he wants to make us lose faith in our fellow Christians like Saul lost faith in David. Satan knows that if we lose faith in our fellow Christians, we will lose love for them. (Mark 12:30, 31) If we lose faith in our fellow Christians, will Jehovah stop us from worshipping him? James warns us of the dangers of losing faith in our fellow Christians.—Read James 3:14-16.

6 If we do this, we will never have a bad opinion of our brothers. Consider how Jonathan, the son of Saul, gave us a beautiful example of this.

5. Why should we worship the Father in the media? (James 3:14-16)

6. What can we learn from Jonathan’s example? (See also my illustration.)

AUGUST 2026 9

So, he told his young friend David that he had faith that Jehovah would fulfill all his promises. Jonathan told David, “He shall be king over Israel.” As Jonathan looked up to himself, he followed the word of Jehovah, and helped David who would one day succeed Saul as king over Israel.—1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

7 Satan also uses other ways to cause tension between us and our fellow Christians. As we all come from different backgrounds, we have different personalities and needs. Satan wants us to feel uncomfortable, because we come from different backgrounds and we may not be comfortable. He wants us to have negative feelings about our fellow Christians and to be angry with them. What can Satan do to prevent tension from arising between us? He wants us to quickly resolve any differences that arise between us. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Have great love for your fellow Christians. Have a positive attitude toward everyone. (1 Cor. 12:12) Together with our fellow Christians, we fight against Satan and the evil spirits who dwell in the world.—1 Peter 5:8, 9.

8 If you are offended by someone else’s words or actions, it’s important that you don’t blame the other person. Just as you should not blame your friends, you should not blame yourself for the unpleasant conversations that may arise between you. (No. 7:20) If you are offended, use the Bible’s advice to forgive. (Col. 3:12-14) Jehovah and Jesus love us, and so do you.—John 17:20, 21.

SEETAN DUA DWAZOTIA ZO TO YƐ SA NU

(2 Tim. 3:12) Watchfulness indicates that we will not be careful. If we are careful, we may concentrate on how to please those people, how to be helped, or how to resist temptation. If we do so, we will not have time for the most important work Jehovah has given us to do, which is to preach the Kingdom message.—Luke 12:19-21.

10 Let us take Isaac, Abraham's son, as an example. As he was thinking about it, the Philistine who was with him stole his heart, and he took a piece of wood and burned it on the fire that Abraham's servants had burned. (Gen. 26:12-18) Isaac's family and his servants were standing opposite the fire, and he went from one place to another and burned it again. But the Philistine claimed that the fire that was there belonged to him, and that this piece of wood could be burned on his head. But so that the dispute between Isaac's shepherds and the Philistines would not be great, he sought peace. And the devil departed from him, and Jehovah hated him. (Gen. 26:19-25)

7. What can we do to increase the knowledge of the Father in us? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. What should we do when a Christian is offended by something or someone?

9. What is another way that Satan’s house ensnares us?

10. When Isaac heard this, what did he do?

10 ORIGIN OF ARANE

#WE WANT CHANGE

STOP

PEOP SERVE

CHANGE

Would you do anything to remain faithful to Jehovah? (See box 13.)

If not, how can we know wisdom and seek peace?

11 Many years later, when Jesus, the promised Messiah, came to earth, many people were not happy with him. For example, some of Jesus’ disciples were angry with him. (Mark 3:21) The religious leaders were constantly trying to stop him from preaching. (Luke 11:15, 16) His best friend had left him. (Matt. 26:14-16) The religious and secular leaders were upset and predicted his death. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) However, Jesus’ resurrection did not allow him to take part in the worship of Jehovah, and he was not popular. During their visit, the Apostle Peter tried to pretend that he wasn't. Peter even tried to pretend that he wasn't one of the high priests. But Jesus knew that Peter was, and miraculously healed the man. (Luke 22:50, 51) Jesus did not respond to all these accusations with disbelief or attempting to deny them.

12 Similarly, today we find ourselves in many situations where we can be tempted. Satan tries to prevent us from doing the work of preaching. For example, he tries to make us hate or hate our parents or other loved ones. But Jesus taught us to love those who love us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) This means that we should not sin by becoming loved ones. Therefore, according to Jesus, we should do everything we can to serve all people in modesty, modesty, and generosity even if it means being resurrected or doing our work.—1 Cor. 13:4.

11. When the people knew Jesus well, what did He do?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we deal with those who will be resurrected?

AUGUST 2026 | 11

If we use the media responsibly, we can fight the war against Satan and his evil spirits.

(See box 16.)

13 If the elders make decisions that will cause us to lose our devotion to God or make life difficult in some way, we should obey them. Why? Because God’s Word says that we should. (Col. 13:1, 2) Satan does not oppose every evil decision made by the elders. But he hopes that we will rise up against such decisions or that we will be persuaded to disobey them. If people do not obey the laws or decisions made by the elders, let them be. A Christian should not be involved in such matters. (Mark 24:21, 22, etc.; Deut. 8:2, 3) If we devote ourselves entirely to the cause of peace, we will satisfy Satan.—John 15:19.

14 Some of the people who were resurrected as Jehovah’s Witnesses are active members of our congregations today. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So if you are ‘aware of your brothers and sisters’, you may be able to help them. (Matt. 5:11) Pray that Jehovah will give you the opportunity to serve him in harmony with those in authority. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Also pray for your parents, coworkers, or schoolmates who are resurrected. Ask Jehovah to help you find out what you can do to help them. One woman, whose husband had died years earlier and who later became a priest, said, "Let's find someone else to take care of us."

13. If the birds can't be raised, why should we be? (See also my illustration.)

14. What should we be concerned about regarding the resurrection of God’s people?

Genesis 12

In my opinion, we must be careful, and carefulness is necessary."

15 If we focus on trying to get rid of the troubles we face or the troubles of the world, we will waste our time and energy. (No. 1:15) Jehovah knows what is in our hearts. (Heb. 37:18) In any case, Jehovah will use his Kingdom to do away with all the destruction that Satan and his evil spirits are causing. (1 John 3:8; James 21:5) However, we must continue to be considerate and loving. We must devote our time and energy to helping as many people as possible to become Jehovah’s people.

WE HAVE A GREAT DAY!

16 The Bible gives us confidence that we can win the battle against Satan.

15. Why should we not think that we can preserve it today?

16. What will help us to stand firm in the war against Satan and his evil spirits? (See also the illustration.)

(John 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) But faith is the weapon that will enable us to overcome. (Ephesians 6:16) Therefore, put your faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. Faith will lead you to love your brothers and to live in communion with them.

17 Let us resolve that we will not fall into any of the traps Satan is trying to use to destroy our faith and lead us into destruction. Jehovah and Jesus promise that they will always be with us wherever we go. However, let us take all the means at our disposal to oppose Satan the Great Adversary. And let us defend ourselves with the resurrected ones as Jesus commanded us. (Luke 6:27, 28) So do not fall into the war with Satan. Have confidence that you will be able to fight the war with Satan and his evil spirits.

17. What should we decide to do?

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

What does Satan want to destroy with this media revolution?

How does Satan try to deceive us so that we lose our ability to communicate?

What can we do to survive in the warfare of Satan and evil spirits?

EDWARD 149 Conscience Edward

OCTOBER 19-25, 2026

EDWƐNE 106

Everybody Have a Holiday

BODANE

We will discuss how the examples of the Apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus can help us seek harmony in the church.

I'm Looking For A Way To Move On

“I beg you in love.”—EPH. 9.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) Jehovah does not give us this harmony, but it is our belief that serving him will help us attain it and live there forever. (Col. 12:18) So how can we behave in a way that will help us live in harmony in the church? What if we do something that hurts someone else? Or if someone else does something that hurts us? Considering some of the Bible’s clear statements will help us understand. The same was true of the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesiphorus.

SUBSTITUTION OF ONE SPECIES WITH ANOTHER

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. Paul said in his epistle to Philemon that he sent his friend Onesimus. And Paul called Filemon because he loved Christ and his brethren. But do you know what he meant? Filemon was in the church at Colosse, and the brethren knew that he had great faith and love for people. Onesimos was his friend, and he ran from him to Rome. And it seems that when he returned he called him and went away. (Phil. 18) While Onesimos was in Rome, he became a close friend of Paul; he became a Christian. (Col. 1:18) 4:9) However, according to the law of Rome, this fugitive had to be sent back to his father. So Paul ordered Onesimus to go to Philemon.—Phil. 12, 13.

1. What is the absolute magnitude?

2. What was the relationship between Philemon and Onesimus? (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

14

3 Perhaps Paul was concerned about what Philemon would do if Onesimus was returned? Did God command Philemon to take Onesimus away? Would he do the same? What would the members of the church do? How would he treat the other brothers and sisters in the church? Paul knew that this situation could destroy the harmony in the church. He wrote Philemon’s letter to the church at Colosse. (Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) At the same time, Paul wrote a letter to the church at Colosse. Let us consider these two men and see what we can learn from the examples of Paul, Onesimus, and Philemon.

WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

4 What can we learn from Paul’s example? Paul and his fellow believers lived in a way that contributed to harmony in the church. His example shows us how we can contribute to harmony in the church.

5 Paul treated Philemon and Paul as his friends. (Phil. 17) Paul did not feel that he could tell Philemon what to do to get him out of his way. (2 Cor. 1:24) He therefore called Philemon his friend and encouraged him to be a friend to all. Paul’s behavior showed Philemon how he should deal with Onesimus, who was actually his Christian friend. He is also a good example for all of us, titled elders of the church. Friendly pastors should be in harmony with the church. Like loving shepherds, they should have authority over the flock. (1 Peter 5:1-3) They make time for God’s flock, listen to them, and care for them.

3. What impressed Paul about the story of Onesiphorus? (See also the illustration below.)

4-5. What can church leaders do to help maintain harmony in the church?

As Paul said, elders who treat one another with kindness set good examples for the brethren and help to keep the church in harmony.

6 Paul writes to Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5, 7) We all face difficulties. Why? Because it seems that many of us feel bad when we are in trouble. Sometimes we worry about how we look, or if someone is being rude to us, or if an opportunity is being taken away from us. If we don’t feel that way, there is no hope. But sometimes bad feelings can make us moody, angry, angry, or even angry with others. But when we speak to someone, let him feel that way (Mark. 12:25) Doesn’t he feel confident that the other person is listening and is concerned? Do you want to make the other person feel less concerned? There are different ways to speak the truth. We should not only speak about the things that someone has done for us, but we should also speak about the efforts they have made for us. We can encourage them, if we know something good about them, to tell them.

7 Paul praised Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) Do you think Paul’s praise of Onesimus reflects Philemon’s attitude, appearance, and behavior? Yes, it could! It’s the same way we speak about our brothers and sisters. If we speak well of them, it helps us to be good with them. But if we speak badly of them, it hurts us.

6. Why is it necessary to speak to someone?

7. Why should we be helped by what we say about others? (Philippians 10-12)

AUGUST 2026 15

He had a positive attitude toward the media and spoke positively about them in the words of Paul.

(See Figure 8.)

But in order to speak well of others, we must have good judgment. What will help us to do so? Let us consider what Paul was talking about.

4, 5) He also did so with the good qualities of many others. (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Paul was aware of the bad qualities of his brethren, but he tried to overcome them. And it was his habit to be Jehovah’s likeness in these friends. What about you? Doesn’t it help you to speak well of others? It became apparent that if you try to avoid these unfriendly media and pray that God will make things better for you, you will not be able to communicate well with them.

9 Notwithstanding that Paul was in trouble, he wrote what we agree with in the Epistle to Philemon.

8. What can help us to have a positive attitude towards the media? (See also the illustration.)

9. Why is Paul's first letter to Philemon interesting?

Paul was also in a difficult situation when he read the epistle to Philemon. A few years before he wrote this epistle, he was harassed and beaten. He was beaten in Jerusalem and again in Cilicia. When he was finally taken to Rome, the ship was wrecked on the way. When the epistle reached Philemon, he was ‘sleeping’ in his father’s house in Rome. (Phil. 1) But did Paul deal with these problems in the way he wrote the Epistle to Philemon? No. Paul did not deal with them in the way he wrote the Epistle to Philemon. What can we learn from this? Whether we are facing a problem or not, we can deal nicely with someone who will bring peace to our relationship. And if we bring peace to our relationship, it will help us deal better with our problems.

WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

10 We all do or say things that can offend others.

10. What can we learn from the example of Onesimus?

16 ORIGINS OF ARANE

This example illustrates how we communicate with one another when there is a conflict of interest. What he did was not insignificant, but it was something of a revelation. He knew that it was a sin and made it his own to communicate with Philometor. For example, Onesiphorus knew perfectly well that the law of Rome required him to return to his father. So he abandoned his wife and traveled 1,400 kilometers (or 900 miles) to Philometor. He was eager to make another marriage and satisfy all his desires. It seems that this revelation did not last long. It is possible that Onesimus felt betrayed by Philemon. However, even if he felt so, he was free to go to his master and do whatever he could to settle the matter between him and his friend.

11 If you are offended by someone else, seek peace. (Matt. 5:23-25) Of course, this may be difficult, but it is necessary for peace to be restored. Be open. And be willing to listen to the person you are offended by and try to understand what he or she is saying.

If you do, you may not be able to keep the conversation going, or it may break down or even ruin the conversation. It takes patience to keep the conversation going, but it does help build friendships.—Wl. 14:19.

WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

12 The example of Philemon teaches us how we should judge a sinner and live in harmony with him. Did Philemon lure Onesiphorus into sin and treat him nicely? He was not in the camp. But Paul was determined to do so. (Phil. 17, 21) For he knew Philemon had a character that would make him willing to judge Onesiphorus. What choice did he make?

13 Philemon loved his brothers. (Phil. 5) Philemon’s name means “Love,” and he lived up to that title. The church knew him to be a man of great love, and he was the title fit for him.

11. If we do something that hurts someone else, what can we do to restore harmony? (See also the illustration.)

12. Why did Paul allow Onesimus, the son of Philemon, to sin?

13. Why is love the attribute of harmony? (Colossians 3:14)

Rise up and seek peace quickly as in the case of Onesiphorus (See Box 11).

This helps us to survive in the open as in the case of Phaelemon (see Figure 15).

Oneness is not sin. When Paul spoke to the church at Colosse, the church that Philemon belonged to, he said that love must “make one another whole.” (Read Colossians 3:14.) This implies that there is no other quality that makes us live in closeness and oneness with love. If we love one another well, it is not possible for us to be sinless and to live in harmony with one another. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Let us see how this happened to Philemon.

14 One of Philemon’s traits that helped demonstrate his great love was his generosity. He allowed the brethren to have separate congregations in his house. (p. 2) Paul also told Philemon where to stay for him, which shows that Paul knew Philemon was a generous man. (p. 22) And it seems that it was because he was a generous man that someone had the desire to go to his house and visit him.—p. 7.

15 If we study Philemon’s character, how does it affect our love for others? If we have his friends in our home, it helps us to know them better. If we deal with those who are not our friends, even those who are close to us, it helps us to see that every servant of Jehovah has a different character than we do in Jehovah’s organization. If we observe how they behave, how they stand in the truth, or how they deal with different moralities, it helps us to love and appreciate them more. It also helps us to understand why Jehovah cares so much for his servants. (John 6:44) Therefore, if we keep our fellowship with Him, our love for one another grows, our feelings for one another are positive, and we avoid sin.

16 Is it possible to judge someone who offends you? We love our brothers, but is it possible to judge them? What can help us? Consider what Paul wrote to the brothers in the church at Colosse, who were Philemon’s neighbors. The text is in Colossians 3:13. (Read.) Notice how Philemon felt when he read this letter to the church at his home. Does the thought of the child move his mind? Was he not angry with Onesimus? If he was angry with him, he must have seen that Onesimus was a man of faith.

14. How do we know that Philemon's wife was in the house?

15. How does our ageing affect the love we have for others? (See also the illustration.)

16. How did Philemon apply Paul's admonition in Colossians 3:13?

18 ORIGINS OF ARANE

It is necessary to return to the One-begotten and to reject sin altogether. How does Paul’s admonition help us to reject sin?

17 What did Paul mean when he said, “Go and have patience with yourselves”? He meant to encourage us to show patience even when our brothers and sisters are angry or rude. Paul also gave a beautiful example of what Jehovah is doing in this regard in the same verse. God does not expect His servants to be perfect in every way. He knows that His servants will focus their attention on virtue. (Psalm 103:13, 14; 130:3) That is why He gives them His loving warmth and comfort. (Eph. 3:22, 23) If we do everything we can to be God's friends, it will not be difficult for us to be kind to them when they try to be kind to us. It will be a pleasure. If we care about the flaws of a sheep, it will keep us safe even in times of trouble. Similarly, if we care about the virtues of our brothers, it will keep us from sin and make us look good even in times of trouble.

18 Jehovah appreciates every effort you make to contribute to peace in the congregation. Therefore, find ways to contribute to peace every day. Don’t look down on anyone and speak well of them. Be open about your feelings. If you offend someone, be kind to them. Show great love for your brothers and sisters, and it will help you to forgive your sins. If you do this, you will contribute to peace in the congregation. And you will always look up to the righteous who “will inherit the earth, and will rejoice in peace.”—Ps. 37:11.

18. What do you decide to do?

DISCUSSION AFTER THE READING: Philemon was present at the reading of Paul's letter, but Onesimus and Theudas, and a few others, were absent.

17. When Paul said, “Let us take courage,” what was he referring to?

DUZU A WƆZUKOA WƆVI...

■ From the example of Paul?

■ What are the examples?

■ From the example of Philemon?

EDWƐNE 154

Ellale Enwie

OCTOBER 26-NOVEMBER 1, 2026

EDWƐNE 62

Edwɛne Fofolɛ Ne

BODANE

This word helps us to understand the gift of life, the privilege we have in serving Jehovah, and the ministry we are given.

Don’t Follow the Way We Do, but Serve the Way God Does

“He has given us life so that we may be able to serve him forever.”—Luke 1:69, 74.

Jehovah provided a miraculous way for the priest Zechariah and his wife Elizabeth to give birth to John the Baptist. Elizabeth was a virgin. During the birth, the people present and the parents wanted to know what the child would become. They asked, “What will this child be like?” (Luke 1:57-66) Jehovah answered this question through Zechariah. He declared that He would not raise the long-awaited Messiah, and John warned the people to watch out for this person and worship Him. (Jeremiah 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) However, Zechariah did not predict only what John would do. * As we will see in this article, Zechariah’s words are a prophecy that applies to us today. His words will help us to focus on three things: (1) the gift of salvation, (2) the opportunity we have to serve God, and (3) the ministry.

ANNUAL SCHEDULE

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God promises to give His people a precious gift. That is, eternal life.

* See the Jesus Before the Gospels video clip 1 for the Zechariah prophecy in Luke 1:67.

1. What is the prophecy of Zechariah about?

2. (a) What salvation has God promised His people? (Luke 1:67-73) (b) Who is the “resurrected man” referred to in Luke 1:69?

20

(Luke 1:69) This ruling Savior was the Messiah. The Jews of Zechariah’s time expected the Messiah, and they knew that He would be a descendant of Abraham and of the house of David. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Then why did Jehovah let Zechariah speak of this ruling Savior? It was because the Messiah was very near! In the ninth chapter, a virgin named Mary conceived Jesus. The angel Gabriel predicted that He would be called the “Son of the Virgin” and that He would reign as the “King of the house of David.” (Luke 1:30-35) When Jesus was 30 years old when He was born, He became the powerful Savior. It was at that time that Jehovah sent His Holy Spirit and made Him the Messiah. (Matt. 3:16, 17) What an exciting story!

3 The Holy Spirit was to be worshipped in the days of Zechariah. But what or what kind of thing should be worshipped? Zechariah replied: “It is necessary for him to destroy the wicked and all who do evil.” (Luke 1:71) Does this mean that Jesus was resisting the authority of the Roman emperor? No. The Holy Spirit must be worshipped to destroy Satan, the chief of the devils. (Heb. 2:14, 15) Satan has given mankind, which in the Jewish tradition is the symbol of sin and death. The Holy Spirit must be worshipped in accordance with the Law of Moses. This is why the Holy Spirit gives fire and must be worshipped. (Col. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13) He fulfilled Jehovah’s promise to Zechariah—“he shall condemn iniquity and give life.”—Luke 1:77.

4 Which sins must be avoided today? We know that we are slaves to sin and death as the Jews were in Jesus’ time. (Col. 5:12) And Satan and the devil’s spirits are constantly warning us. They are trying to lure us away from the true religion. People and organizations who claim to be “the people of God” are trying to revive the religion. These sins must be avoided.

5 What will the Savior do for these sinful people? Let’s look at what Jesus did for sinful people. While on earth, Jesus taught his disciples how to serve Jehovah in the way he wanted. Then he gave his life as a ransom “so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but have eternal life.” (John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) And we do everything we can to serve Jehovah in the way he wanted as Jesus taught. However, as humans, if we disobey God's commands, we are subject to sin. And because of the ransom, God does not tolerate unholy worship. (1 John 2:1, 2) Instead, He sent His only Son, Jesus, to atone for our sins and give us the hope of eternal life.

6 What will Jesus do when he has completely destroyed sin and death, Satan and his evil spirits, and “those who do evil”?

3. To whom or what should Jews obey?

4. What criteria must be met to qualify for a grant?

5. What did Jesus do to pay for our sins?

6. What will Jesus do as the King of the “kingdom of David”? (See also the illustration.)

AUGUST 2026 21

Jehovah’s Kingdom Through Jesus Christ (See Picture 6)

Jesus has reigned on the “kingdom of David” since 1914. (Luke 1:32, 33) As King of God’s Kingdom, he and his adversaries in heaven and his holy angels will destroy God’s enemies on earth at Armageddon. Then, at the One-Year Tribulation, Jesus will be resurrected and he and the 144,000 who opposed him will rule over mankind forever. (John 5:28; John 10:16) 22:1, 2) At the end of the four-hundred-year reign, sin and death will be totally eliminated. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) Then Satan, his evil spirits, and the human race will be destroyed. (James 20:7-10) Then it will be possible to serve Jehovah in a world without sin, death, or resurrection.

THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE WE KNOW IN THE WORLD

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Jehovah’s gift of sight gives us a title. Zechariah said, “He will give us the right to serve him forever and ever.” How do we serve Jehovah? By preaching, praying, studying his Word, and attending classes and conventions, we serve Jehovah. By serving in the volunteer work, or helping to build or service Kingdom Halls and Assembly Halls, we serve Jehovah.

8 Let us serve the LORD which is our house,

7. What kinds of blessings has Jehovah given to His people? (Luke 1:74, 75)

8. What should not be done?

22 ORIGIN OF ARANE

What does it mean? Yes, it means that we will not die again. Since we have the hope of eternal life, it allows us to focus our thoughts on our walk with God, and to try to spend all of our energy and time enjoying the things we love in this short time of life. If those we love are threatened with death, let us not be discouraged. Let us walk with confidence because we know that if we die, Jesus will rise again to life. (John 6:39, 40) Second, he taught us that we should not be complacent in our attitude toward sin. Jehovah will never forgive us. We know that Jehovah loves and forgives, and we have confidence that he will comfort us and eradicate sin through the sacrifice of Christ.—1 John 4:9, 10.

9 However, it may be possible for some Christians to react in a way that makes them feel that they are disobeying Jehovah. Perhaps a bad situation in which they find themselves makes them feel displeased with Jehovah. Or perhaps they have committed a serious sin over a long period of time. They have sought forgiveness from Jehovah and have gone to the elders for help, but they are not being listened to. If you are facing one of these problems, what can you do?

¹⁰ Let's be realistic. Suppose a man has a headache and goes to the hospital for a doctor's check-up. If the doctor cuts off the headache, what can be done to help him recover from the headache? And if the man says that his headache is so bad that he won't be able to cope again? He should go to the doctor's office and be careful to do what the doctor tells him to do. Eventually, he will go home and cope again or even run away.

¹¹ In the same way, if you feel that God has forgiven you for a serious sin you have committed, you should forgive God. It is because of God’s love and consolation that He sent His Son to die for you. (John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) As God says, pray, and study the Bible. (Heb. 1:2; 1 Thess. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Wait for the time when a bad habit will go away. (Phil. 3:16) Pray to Jehovah every day for the strength He gives you to serve Him faithfully. We can all become Jehovah and Christ in this wonderful way of serving our beloved God!

SECRETARIAT SECRETARIAT SECRETARIAT

¹² Read Luke 1:76-79. Then Zechariah said to his younger daughter, “Go to the Lord and prepare his way for him.” How did John the Baptist deal with this? As an adult, he was very active in the ministry. He told the Jews to repent of their sins and to wait for the Messiah to come. When John had sent Jesus, he told everyone that Jesus was the Lord’s Messiah. He said, “Behold, the Lamb of God, which takes away the sin of the world!” Then John gave the Lamb to Mary.

9. What happens to some Christians?

10-11. What can we do if we feel that God is displeased with us because of a serious sin we have committed?

12. What did John the Baptist do to improve the ways of Jehovah? (Luke 1:76-79)

AUGUST 2026 23

Acknowledging God’s great commands and privileges will help us to carry out the ministry entrusted to us (See box 16).

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

A Student's Dilemma

The disciples accepted Jesus as the Messiah.—John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John was trying to convince many people that Jesus was the Messiah, and this was very important. Why? Zechariah said that the coming of the Messiah would be “a great tribulation.” This means that when Jesus came, He would save all people’s lives! It was necessary to preach this message to everyone, but John would never do this work. Who else would help John to preach this message of life?

14 Jesus fulfilled this prophecy. He spoke of Himself as “the one who will bring back those who are in darkness and the pit of death.” He was looking out for those who cared for Him. He spoke of “the time of the Lord” when He would comfort them. (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) He promised: “The Kingdom of God is at hand.” But he knew that many people would oppose the message. So he sent his disciples to see how they would preach the message.—Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 At the same time, we appreciate the work of preaching the good news of Jehovah’s kingdom. Indeed, the redemptive sacrifice of Jesus and our preaching of God’s kingdom are more important today than ever. Why? Because of the promise that it will come. On the contrary, mankind will experience “great joy, such as has not yet been seen since the foundation of the world.” (Matt. 24:21) At that time, many people will be preaching the good news.

13. Why can we say that the Messiah to come was a “promise” to God’s people?

14. What important deeds did Jesus and His disciples do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is the work of preaching more important today than ever before?

24 THE BIRTH OF ARANE

They will stand in the presence of the rebellious powers and angels, and they will take the rebellious people to the ends of the earth. (Matt. 25:34; James 16:16; 19:19) It shows how it is appropriate for us to preach the gospel.—Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:10.

16 The words of Zechariah in Luke 1:68-79 emphasize three things that we should be appreciative of. These are Jehovah’s amazing gift of life, the opportunity to serve our merciful God, and the exciting ministry. Do you trust in Christ’s redemptive work and commit yourself to God’s gift? Are you worthy of the opportunity you are serving? If you are, then take advantage of the “gracious time of the Lord.” Tell others about Jehovah’s “day of wrath,” when he will destroy us and his enemies and make the earth a paradise. First, he calls on all Jehovah’s people to serve “him continually in faithfulness and righteousness before his face all the days of our life.”—Luke 1:74, 75.

EXAMPLE 24: In the first example, two sisters are testifying in a village. In the second example, a male brother is testifying to a fellow worker while the girls are at school. In the ninth example, a female brother is giving testimony in a classroom where the teacher and fellow students are making fun of her.

16. What did they decide to do? (See figure.)

WITH THE EXAMPLE IN LUKE 1:68-79, THERE IS...

■ What precious gifts has Jehovah given us?

■ What rights does Jesus' ransom grant us?

■ What are their functions?

STORY 159 Worship Jehovah’s Witnesses

APPLICABLE LEGISLATION

Me Bhoola Kpole Ne Nwunle Me

STÉPHANE LANDEROIN ANLOA EDWƐKƐ

When I was a kid, I didn’t like going to school and I didn’t know anything. I liked to spend my time doing things that I liked without everyone’s attention. So I didn’t want God to ban me. Why?

I was raised in Paris, France. My parents and the people there didn't believe in the New World Order, and I didn't. It wasn't the media that created the things we know, it was my father. I was taught this at school, and I thought it was a fact that everyone saw. It made me feel like I knew it and I didn't ask any questions about it.

My parents were sceptical about religion. They said that if there was a God, then there wouldn't have been the floods and earthquakes. As I grew older and saw more and more people who believed in God, I felt disheartened that someone would deny the existence of a loving God. I was attracted to those who worshipped God simply.

But today, there is a media doctor who cares about me regardless of my appearance. I tell you how I became so nervous and how I dealt with it.

When I was 19, my parents decided that I should be sent to serve as a soldier, and they sent me to French Guiana in South America for a year. I will never forget how this beautiful place in my motherland affected me.

When I was 20 years old, I went to Paris. But yes, it was all about working hard from morning to night, going out with my friends and going to big parties. But I wasn't having fun. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I wasn't having a life. I

I was raised in a Christian family in Paris, France

26 THE BIRTH OF ARANE

I wanted to get rid of all these things but I didn't know how to do it, so I decided to go to South America.

THE COMPOSITE ASSETS ARE SPECIFIED IN THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPHS.

I landed in French Guiana, where I lived in a cottage with my guardian. I was afraid that if I went to a remote place, I would have to deal with the same problems I had in Paris. But after a short time, I learned to live with it. I worked all day and at the end of the day, he would let me go with the party.

It was at that time that someone gave me a Bible with a handwriting. I thought it would give me better advice that would help me to live a better life but I didn’t follow the handwriting.

I had friends who were also curious about the origin of humanity. They were going to live in a village called Unity. And they told me to come and live there.

When we were in the camp, we had a lot of things to do and it felt like a lot of fun. We did all kinds of funny things that nobody else did. We got up in the morning, we ate breakfast, we shared food, we had dinner, and we gave each other gifts. We destroyed the land and each gave something to the other. It was funny, because we were afraid of hurting the animals. We killed everyone. If there was a rule that we had to obey and no one would question it, we wouldn’t break it.

We liked to let the world be where we were. Nobody ruled over anyone and we respected everyone regardless of where they came from. However, I noticed that we were not alone and that everyone had their own concerns. I also noticed that we had the same problems as everyone else in the world. Some stayed for a short time, others for a week or two. But my mother – I stayed for more than two years.

While I was in the mountains, I observed how the earth is made up of all kinds of things. At one point, I thought that I was in a beautiful place. I was in the middle of a forest, and it was beautiful. And what came to my mind was,

A. Some examples of the Unity flag

B. Time in my decision-making process

A-M_BAR_French (Belgium)

B

‘How can the earth be so full of things? It’s like a master planner who arranges everything for a newcomer.’ I noticed that everything wasn’t perfect. But who arranged everything? There must have been a Creator. But I didn’t care.

I studied the Bible. But this time I wanted to do what God wanted me to do. I decided to pray and I made the sign of the cross on my wrist as a Catholic would, even though I didn't know how to do it. On the boat, we were lifting up the name of the Lord, and I wanted to pray if the name of the Lord was Lord.

IF I COME TO YOU WHERE YOU ARE NOT AT THE SAME TIME

When I look back on the time I devoted myself to prayer, I feel that the Lord saw that I wanted to learn more about Him. A friend of mine who was in the church sent Jehovah’s Witnesses a copy of the book You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth*.

* The Jehovah's Witnesses are no longer a religious group today.

I thought that I could live forever in a paradise on earth. And all I wanted was to live in a beautiful place on earth and live in peace with the people I loved. I wanted to be close to this beautiful God who once arranged this beautiful life for us.

I thought it would be hard to pass on some of my traits, but then I realized that I needed someone to help me. A missionary named Michel and a friend of mine were reading the Bible, so I asked him to give it to Michel so that he and I could study it together.

The very first day I spoke to Michel, he told me that there was going to be a congregational meeting in Matoury. If I had gone, I would have been away for about five weeks. My breathing was good and I was feeling great. I was wearing blue and white, and there were huge clouds in the sky. Despite my misery, the brothers took care of me, gave me food and prayer. The love and affection they showed me made me want to go on with my faith.

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDONIA

I met the truth in French Guiana, I was married in France and today I am with my family in New Caledonia, where I serve as a missionary.

In the guidance of the day

Speech to the Chinese Delegation, 2006

He returned to the meeting, reading from 1 Timothy 5:8. The young man said that family time was good with his family members. He said that Jehovah also applies this principle and is always with his family members. He saw that if I applied Jehovah’s will in my life, Jehovah would choose me. Later, when I studied Michel’s life, I saw that this statement was true. He focused on knowing Jehovah’s will, but he didn’t do everything that was necessary.

After I learned a lot, I made a change. I decided to quit smoking and drinking. And I gave up all my cigarettes and alcohol. I refused to go to class. One day while I was at class, I asked a brother to clean my toilet, and he cleaned it right in front of the Kingdom Hall.

Soon after, I left French Guiana and returned to France. I continued my studies and Bible studies. I had a good life, but the way I lived was very different from my family. I smoked, drank, and went to lots of parties. But as I tried to communicate my faith in a more subtle way, they were reluctant. Eventually I realized that I needed to do my best and think about how they would feel when I told them about Jehovah.

I got married in 1996. I prayed to Jehovah that I would become an evangelist for Michel. It seemed to me that this was the best way for me to become more faithful to Jehovah.

I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MY LIFE

There was a beautiful sister in my congregation. Her name was Claudine and I loved her. I noticed that she was working hard in school and the lessons she was giving showed that she loved Jehovah very much. I wanted to marry her but I wanted to make sure that I could help her if she decided to devote herself to the ministry. She was determined, so we married in April 2000.

A year later, we decided to do some volunteer work. Finally, we decided to learn Mandarin to help the Chinese group in one of the churches. I was really interested in learning the language. I had to think Chinese and find another way to preach to them. Actually, I wasn’t good at Mandarin. But I tried hard and we were not disappointed by the way we interacted with the Chinese brothers and sisters in the ministry. Jehovah praised us at that time and gave us the job we wanted.

SECURITY AND INTEGRATION IN THE REGION

Over the next few years, I had to deal with many difficulties. For example, I had to decide if I wanted to be faithful to Jehovah or not.

AUGUST 2026 29

It is the official language of New Caledonia.

My brothers and sisters were younger than me. So I spent a lot of time wondering about my assignments, because I wanted everything to be perfect. But I couldn’t let go because I didn’t like what I did. (Deuteronomy 7:16) It was important for me to know that Jehovah is a loving God who doesn’t want us to do everything perfectly. He appreciates every effort we make.

During my time in Paris, I was asked to be a model for a fashion designer. I felt like a little kid and I was nervous. But I realized that if Jehovah’s Holy Spirit helped us to do many of the things he wanted us to do, we would not be afraid.

I had another problem. Since my childhood, I had a condition that caused me to have a lot of diarrhoea, and when I did not have a lot of diarrhoea. If I was upset, I wouldn’t be able to speak in public, and the conversation would be ruined. But if I prayed to Jehovah to calm me down, he would calm me down. The conflict would disappear, but if I focused on Jehovah, he would calm me down and I would have a lot of diarrhoea.

In 2011, Jehovah’s Witnesses gave us a long-awaited opportunity to serve as missionaries in New Caledonia, one of the most remote islands in the Pacific Ocean.

This was a challenging task. He had to learn the names of all the birds, snakes, and reptiles. He had to learn that the morning was like the afternoon, and that the evening was like the evening, but he had to learn that the day was like the night. He also had to learn how the people of the village behaved. For example, he had to learn that if he asked the people of the village what they were doing in the morning, they would give him the same answer. He had to learn all these things.

And Jehovah helped us to do every other activity that was given to us. We did some missionary work and served for a few years in the branch office. Later we attended a Kingdom Ministry School and I became a branch supervisor. We can see how Jehovah helps us through His Holy Spirit in every activity. Jehovah has shown us that we are not alone in our concerns. That is why I am always praying that He will help me to do what is necessary. I didn't look at people with disgust, but through the help of Jehovah I was able to encourage my fellow ministers and help them follow Jehovah's revelation.

We had a lot of problems but Claudine helped me through them all. She was kind to me. She was determined to do whatever she was asked to do and was always willing to be a witness. She never spoke up about sexual harassment or any other problems we encountered in the camp.

During those days of prayer, I saw that Jehovah, the Holy Spirit, is always with his servants. This has been a great blessing. It has helped me to understand how to obey the elders. It has also helped me to study the Scriptures. I am thinking about the few friends I have so that I can follow Jehovah’s ways. But Jehovah has given me many friends. I am very happy. And I look forward to the time when we will live forever and Jehovah will come to do many things for us.—Mark 10:29, 30.

30th ANNIVERSARY

WHAT IS IT?

In the past, what were the strategies for dealing with large cities?

NO, the cities were not permanent settlements. Because of the large number of inhabitants, they were used for different purposes at different times. The Bible describes more than 50 cities, and describes many of their functions.

There were people. The Hebrew word for “great gate” does not refer to the gate in front of the city. It may also refer to the city’s great gate, which led into the city from different directions. In some places, if you walked into the great gate, you would find a large space where many people could go.—Neh. 8:1.

There were also tombs. Some of the great tombs in Jerusalem were called the Tombs of the Kings and the Tombs of the Saints. They may have been so named because of the objects that were buried there.—Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

There was a grove of trees and there were other things in the grove. Abraham and Boaz and another man went to pray to the Lord on the edge of the grove. (Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Deut. 4:1, 10) If the people had no one to go to the house on the edge of the grove, they went to the grove. (Deut. 19:15-21) They also went to preach on the edge of the grove at the grove.—2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

There were prophets. They spoke in front of the people so that they could understand what was being said. (Deuteronomy 21:18-20) As there were many people in the place, it helped the prophets to speak clearly.

They performed a variety of activities in the villages along the way.

(Deuteronomy 25:2) Those who were in charge of the city walls were responsible for keeping the prophets quiet and showing good behavior.—Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Psalm 29:7, 11-17.

Noah commanded the Israelites who stood on the porch of the temple to lift their heads to Jehovah. As the prophets and other people knew that people stood on the porch, it was there that the word was spoken. (1 Kings 22:10; Gen. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu spoke to the whole people every word that Jehovah had spoken against the house of Ahab. (2 Kings 10:8-10) King Hezekiah commanded the officers of the guard on the great porch of the city to lift their heads to Jehovah.—2 Kings 18:10. 32:6-8.

The Bible describes “wise men” as “men of wisdom” and as sending them “to the gates of the city.” (Mark 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, wise men gave good advice and proclaimed good news to the gates of the city. Today, Jehovah has written His wisdom in the Bible and His servants around the world are helping people to hear this true wisdom.

AUGUST 2026 31

THE WORLD IS GOD'S WORLD

August 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 8 NZEMA

ABOUT THE MAGAZINE

Word for the Day October 5-11 | 2

Defeat Satan—Put Your Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

Word for the Day October 12-18 | 8

Could Not Create Connection!

Bible Study Topics for October 19-25 | 14

I'm Looking For A Way To Move On

Bible Study Questions for October 26–November 1 | 20

Don’t Follow the Way We Do, but Serve the Way God Does

WEEKLY REPORT | 26

Me Bhoola Kpole Ne Nwunle Me

WHAT IS IT? | 31

In the past, what were the strategies for dealing with large cities?

Donate this book. It supports the worldwide Bible teaching work through heartfelt donations. If you would like to support us, please visit donate.jw.org.

In order to distinguish them, the terms of the Scriptures are given in The Complete Bible—The New World Translation.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

SUKOA DƆƆNWO

Baka Bie Mɔɔ Bɔ Ndotolo Ŋ

The German Shepherd is one of about 30 different breeds of dogs mentioned in the Bible. During the breeding season, the German Shepherd is used as a companion dog. By the end of January, the German Shepherd can be seen wearing a fleece or fleece coat. The Hebrew word for the German Shepherd means "rising dog," and it is definitely a German Shepherd. Is there a connection between this dog and the work of the Shepherd?

According to Genesis 7:25, Jehovah spoke of Himself as a resurrected man when He sent His prophets. March 1, 2011, The Watch Tower said: “Just as the wolf was ‘resurrected’, so was Jehovah ‘resurrected’ in a sign language to warn His people of the coming of anxiety. He would not let go—‘he would return to his god’—until the fulfillment of His prophecy.” —Gen. 1:11, 12.

The Bible also depicts a lamb sitting on a flesh of amber. (Num. 12:5) Or it may have been because of the beauty of the amber that, when they were making the furnishings for the tabernacle, they made the pillars of the altar of amber.—Ezek. 37:17-20.

Visit the jw.org website or one of these websites

JW.ORG

w26.08-NZ