SEPTEMBER 2026

EZINZALE ARANE

IT WAS GOD'S WILL

DATE OF VISIT: NOVEMBER 2–DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOVEMBER 2-8, 2026

EDWINE 3 In Wisdom, In Reason, In Faith

HOW WE CAN BE SURE THAT JEHOVAH WILL SOLUTION OUR PROBLEMS NOW AND IN THE FUTURE.

The Third Way Jehovah Makes the World

“You shall say: ‘The Lord is my help.’”—EDW. 91:9.

WE ARE in the last days of the end. He will destroy the things that he has destroyed in the world. Jehovah will pour “his intelligence” into the hearts of the nations. This means that he will cause the nations to “fear the fear of the kingdom,” which is the Apocalypse.* (James 17:17) Then the Apocalypse and all the worldly powers will come together and put an end to the worldwide worship of idols. (James 17:16) This will be the beginning of the great tribulation. What else does it mean?

38:14-16) What is it? The book True Religion—Believe It or Not! says: “Satan’s servants have persuaded the nations to try to remove the true worshippers—and the true religion—from the earth.” Another well-known prophecy about that nation is the war of Armageddon. Jesus commanded angels and 144,000 people to escape from this wicked world to the new world.—James 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

3 Is it necessary for us to live in this sinful world?

* See “Legislative Requirements” in the November 2025 Sustainability Policy.

1-2. What terrible things will he do?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

2

Fearful? Yes! What is it? It is because Jehovah promises that He will protect us. He says: “A wolf will come to thee in the morning, and a lion in the afternoon, but He will not come near thee.” (Ps. 91:7) Let us consider Psalm 91 and answer the following questions: How does Jehovah protect us? How does Jehovah protect us today? How will He protect us one day? But let us consider Psalm 91 for a moment.

EDWARD 91 AND THE WORLD RELIGIOUS ASSOCIATION

4 We can take advantage of the motto in Psalm 91: “Be confident that Jehovah will watch over you.” Verses 1 and 2 show that Jehovah watches over those who look to him. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) As we know that we are watched over by the Creator, the Almighty, we feel a sense of security. (Deuteronomy 2:12; Psalm 17:8) The words “watch” and “sky” refer to the ancient way of watching over a city. Those who entered the city were threatened, and those who stayed in the city had to flee at the sound of a thunderbolt. In the next five verses, the psalmist uses a different technique to give us confidence that Jehovah will protect us no matter what troubles we face.—Psalm 91:3-13.

5 More encouraging than any of the words in Proverbs 91:14-16 is the statement in Proverbs 91:14-16. Here, it was not the scribe who was speaking, but the voice of Jehovah. Jehovah made promises to his servants. (Read Proverbs 91:14-16.) In these promises, he made many indications that he would repay his people if they fixed their eyes on him, remembered his name, and called upon him in prayer. We can fully praise Jehovah because he always keeps his promises. (Deuteronomy 23:14) How wonderful!—Numbers 23:19.

6 Jehovah caused the Psalmist to write the words in Psalm 91 so that we would feel comforted and look up to him. (Ps. 15:4) However, we can take the words of the Psalmist seriously. He says: “This is my refuge and my shelter.” (Ps. 91:2) But in what ways does Jehovah’s wrath look down on us?

WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT WHERE JEHOVAH WILL BE IN THE FUTURE?

7 The letter explains that Eden 91 is the promise that Jehovah will keep us and our fellowship together. This means that we can be confident that Jehovah will take care of our problems so that nothing will ever destroy our fellowship with Him. But is it only our fellowship with Him that He will keep together? Yes. And Jehovah promises in Eden 91 that He will keep us together in life and that He will give us peace even in times of sorrow. Why can we say this?

8 Let us consider a moment when Satan tempted Jesus and diverted His mind to a passage in the 91st chapter of the New Testament.

4. How does Isaiah 91:1, 2 give us confidence that Jehovah will protect us?

5-6. (a) What does Jehovah promise in Ezekiel 91:14-16? (b) How can we fulfill this promise?

7. What are some of the things that Edward 91 says that Jehovah has forgiven us?

8–9. (a) When Satan posed a challenge to Jesus, how did He respond? (b) What can we learn from this story? (Matthew 4:5–7)

SEPTEMBER 2026

3

(Read Matthew 4:5-7.) Because Satan knew that Jehovah had promised in Ezekiel 91:11, 12 to raise him from the dead, he told Jesus that he would not abandon the temple unless an angel raised him from the dead. How did Jesus respond to him? He said, ‘Satan, you are a fool! Jehovah’s promise was not to raise him from the dead.’ So Jesus replied: “Woman, look at Jehovah your God.” What do we learn from Jesus’ words?

9 The way Jesus dealt with Satan demonstrates that Genesis 9:1 indicates that Jehovah protects people in every way. He also protects their relationship with Him in times of trouble. In the past, Jesus saw His Father commanding angels to protect His people in different times. (2 Kings 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) However, Jesus knew that if He had the mind of an angel to protect Him, He would be disobeying His Father. Also, when Satan made the promise in Genesis 9:1 that Jehovah would raise Him from the dead, it was true. However, when he said that Jesus would not exalt Himself, he wanted to discredit His Father. *

10 The commandment of Jehovah in Eden 91 helps us to keep our eyes on Him. We are confident that Jehovah will overcome all those who consider Him to be superior to them and to the angels. So He asks us to-

* The promise of Jehovah's resurrection in the spirit is described in this book at a different time than in Eden 91. When Satan claimed that this phrase indicated that Jehovah would resurrect Himself, he was deceiving the scripture. See December 1, 1974 The Watchtower, p. 722.

10. Which of the four is the lightest?

Let us not be afraid of his coming. Then let us see how Jehovah looks after us today and how he will look after us one day.

WHY IS JEHOVAH OUR FATHER?

11 Jehovah gives us spiritual support. Because he knows that we are sinners and cannot always do what he wants, he helps us to avoid anything that could destroy our relationship with him. (Col. 6:16; 7:21-23) Let’s consider some of the different ways in which he helps us in this battle.

12 He uses his Word. The Bible warns us not only to keep our eyes from evil desires, but also tells us how to resist them. Let’s take Jesus’ words in Matthew 5:28, 29 as an example. (Read.) Jesus was talking about a man who “goes to his wife and lust after her.” He said that such a man “destroys marriage in his heart.” What does this teach us?

13 Watching pornographic images will create an image of evil in our hearts. And if the image is strong and eventually leads to a behavioral defect, it will lead to immoral behavior. (John 1:14, 15) To avoid falling prey to evil imagery, we need to apply Jesus’ command immediately. He said, “If one of your members offends you, leave it alone.” (Matt. 5:29) Therefore, we should not watch every image that is drawn to our minds. (Col. 3:5) Doing so will damage our relationship with Jehovah.

11. How does Jehovah provide for our spiritual needs today?

12-13. How can we overcome evil influences? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4 INTEGRATED PROCESSES

Jehovah’s Witnesses also occasionally produce books and videos to help us build closer relationships with God (See box 15).

14 He dwells in the Holy Spirit. And Jehovah dwells in the Spirit to help us to overcome our difficulties. That is why if we go to Him and ask Him to give us the Spirit, He will do so. (Luke 11:9-13) How does the Holy Spirit dwell in us? The Apostle Paul said: “Go and give place to the Spirit, but do not follow the desires of the flesh.” (Gal. 5:16) This phrase refers to a person who does everything in his power to please Jehovah by following His commandments. If we do so, God will send His Spirit to help us think and act wisely. And when we are tempted by evil thoughts, His Spirit can help us divert our thoughts quickly. Jehovah’s Spirit does not control evil thoughts. But it can help us in our decisions to do the right thing. And it will not destroy our relationship with Jehovah.

15 He is in the organization. Jehovah's organization helps us to maintain our relationship with him. For example, because we are in a group and it can be difficult to communicate, we don't feel like no one cares or cares about us.

14. How will Jehovah’s house be filled with the Holy Spirit?

15. How does Jehovah’s Witnesses represent the organization? (See also the illustration.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 5

If we do, Satan the “Devil” will try to trick us. (Matt. 4:3; 6:13) That’s why Jehovah’s Witnesses have a variety of books and videos that give us confidence that He will forgive our sins and restore our lives. It also strengthens our confidence that He will help us overcome the challenges we face. (Heb. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Has there been a time when a video or a reading in our books spoke to your heart? Sometimes I said, 'Ma'am, you didn't write this!' It's just that Jehovah sends this spiritual food at the right time to strengthen our relationship with Him.

16 Jehovah will not allow all of his servants to be destroyed. However, from time to time he allows some of his servants to be saved or even killed in order to demonstrate that Satan is an invention. (James 2:10; 6:9) But Satan is not pleased with that small number of people who are dying. In his rage, he wants to destroy all of God’s servants. (Matt. 24:9; James 12:9-12) No longer! We can see that Jehovah is using his angels to protect all of his people so that they will serve him faithfully forever.—Heb. 1:7, 14.

17 Jehovah protects us from everything that could endanger his life. We know that if we follow his rules, he will protect us.

16. (a) What hardships did Jehovah allow some of his servants to face? (b) What do we expect Jehovah will do for his people?

17. Why shouldn’t we be confident that Jehovah will take care of everything he can do to help us overcome today’s troubles?

(Mark. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) But we should not let ourselves be fooled into believing that Jehovah will keep us from anything that could endanger our lives in the present time of trouble. If he does, he will allow Satan’s manipulation of the way Jehovah treats us and of how we serve him. (Job 1:10, 11) We know that, because Jehovah cares for his holy name, he has “a good judgment” about the wicked who rise up against his servants and do evil. (Luke 9:22) But his judgment is coming to an end. Confidence will help us to overcome any obstacle that may hinder our relationship with God.—1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Peter 5:10.

WHY IS JEHOVAH OUR ONE GOD?

18 During the Great Tribulation, Jehovah will restore our relationship with him so that it will not be destroyed. He will also restore our relationship in other ways. If the nations turn against Jehovah’s servants, Jehovah will not spare all his servants. (Isa. 38:1, 2, 10-16) He will send Jesus and his heavenly forces to drive out his people, and it will be at the battle of Armageddon that Jesus and his forces will defeat God’s enemies. (James 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) But how will Jehovah restore his people’s relationship with him at Armageddon?

19 He will not allow this wicked world to be destroyed in the war of Armageddon.

18. How will Jehovah resurrect us one day?

19-20. Why should we not be discouraged by what will happen at Armageddon? (See also the illustration.)

6 ORIGIN OF ARANE

Jesus and his heavenly army will destroy all the enemies of God in the war of Armageddon where none will survive...But the enemies will never be able to escape even God's chosen flock.

Why? Because we believe that Jehovah is our veil and our armory. And because we have complete confidence that Jesus and his heavenly army will destroy all of God’s enemies in the imminent war of Armageddon. (Gen. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) But the enemies will never be able to escape even from God’s gracious flock.—Luke 21:28; 2 Peter 2:9.

20 The prophetic prophecy is fulfilled at the battle of Armageddon. He says: “The mountains shall be like a mountain, and the hills like a hill, but thou shalt not come near. Thou shalt not be afraid, nor fear the wrath of the wicked. For thou hast said, ‘The LORD is near me,’ and the Maker is in thy place.” (Ps. 91:7-9) When Armageddon is over, we can rest assured that Jehovah will punish all the people and every living thing in us, and he will make us forget ourselves and forsake our fellowship with him. As we say, “The Lord is my refuge,” he promises that trouble ‘will not come near you.’ So we should not be discouraged by what will happen one day, because we have complete confidence that Jehovah will take care of us.

THE END OF THE WORLD: Jehovah will restore our lives and let us concentrate on the war of Armageddon.

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

■ What kinds of people do Jehovah’s Witnesses look out for?

■ How is Jehovah dealing with our situation today?

■ How will it eventually be solved?

EDWARD 8 Jehovah Is Our Savior

NOVEMBER 9-15, 2026

STORY 36 We Are in the Land of Destruction

WAYS How can we devote our hearts to Jehovah?

How Do We Know "What We Know"?

“Give thy servant a good heart.”—1 KINGS 3:9.

In the minds of many people, it is only when someone is threatening or threatening them that they will obey. Even in God's religion, many people obey because they want someone to do what the religious leaders did in Jesus' time. (Matt. 23:5) However, we obey because Jehovah's revelation helps us. (Isa. 48:17, 18) That is a good idea, but there is another more important reason why we must obey Jehovah.

2 One of the titles of Jehovah’s obedience is to love him dearly. (Matt. 22:37, 38) Our love for him causes us to be “steadfast in our hearts.” (Col. 6:17) Jehovah’s love and “steadfastness” lead us to do everything we can to obey his commandments. We are steadfast at all times, not only when someone is in need or when doing so will bring us immediate benefit. But because our hearts are weak, there may be times when we are steadfast. So, in this article, we will look at two Bible stories that can help us develop the desire to do right. First, we will look at when Jehovah led the Israelites out of Egypt. Then we will look at the wonderful example of King Jehoshaphat of Judah.

1. Why do some people despise those in authority? 2. What are some of the titles that Jehovah uses?

8

The Israelites worshipped Jehovah regardless of the wrath of the Egyptians (See Box 3).

THEY WERE TIENNA AND THEY WERE ANZOSESEBƐ

3 Before Jehovah brought the Israelites out of Egypt, He told them to slaughter a ram or he-goat and to sprinkle some of its blood on the altars in order to prevent a disaster in the future. (Ex. 12:5, 7) This is how Jehovah made the altars so that no stranger, man or beast, would enter the temple. But he seems to have been able to ignore this command. Why? Perhaps he was afraid that the Egyptians would attack because the Egyptian shepherds worshipped rams, and they considered all rams to be holy. (Ex. 12:10) 8:25-27) But the Israelites felt it necessary to be faithful at that time and to ‘do what the Lord said’ (Ex. 12:28).

4 And it came to pass at that time, that the children of Israel went out of Egypt. At the beginning the LORD commanded them to go up to the top of the tabernacle. But at the end he sent a revelation that was in the heart of man when he walked without understanding. He said that they should go up to the top of the tabernacle, and stand between the tabernacle and the people. At that time the tabernacle and the people stood apart, and the people stood between the tabernacle and the people. But the children of Israel were steadfast, and did as the LORD commanded by the hand of his servant Moses. (Ex. 14:1-4) Later, when they saw the Egyptian floods approaching, they "cried out" and said that Moses had come to save them. (Ex. 14:5-11) What did they do then? And how did Jehovah react to their behavior?

5 The Bible tells us that the Israelites’ march toward the Passover was a reflection of their admiration for Jehovah’s miraculous works in Egypt and of their “remembrance” of His loving kindness. (Read Exodus 106:7 et seq.) They saw how Jehovah saved the children of Israel from the troubles of the wilderness. But they also saw the greatness of Jehovah’s love and had confidence that He would save them again. As Jehovah saw what was in their hearts, He said, “Make your way toward the Passover.”

3. Why would it be possible for the Israelites to disobey some of Jehovah’s commandments? (See also the illustration.)

4. When the Israelites left Egypt, what revelation did the Lord give them?

5. When the Israelites came to the New Covenant, what were they supposed to do? (Ezekiel 106:7 et seq.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 9

Just as the ancestors of Moses obeyed the commandments of the Law, but refused to obey the Spirit, they went on doing evil. And the Lord magnified all those Israelites who refused to obey the Spirit. (Psalm 106:21, 24-26) What do we learn from this story?

SUKOA DEBIE IN YIZALAYEMA NEAZO NE ANU

6 The example of the Israelites teaches us that we need to examine our attitudes toward Jehovah and toward those who act righteously in his sight. We may ask ourselves, ‘Does my attitude help me to be righteous?’ Perhaps when some Israelites used the blood of a goat to sprinkle the altars of their gods. Or we may ask ourselves, ‘Does my attitude help me to be righteous?’ During the time the Israelites were in Egypt, Jehovah “gave them favor in the sight of the Egyptians.” (Ex. 12:36) But in the end, when the Egyptians came upon them, they did not turn their faces toward Jehovah, but acted boldly. (Ex. 14:10-12) But today, unlike the Israelites, we need to turn our faces toward Jehovah and his people. (Read Genesis 23:4.) If we are given a demonstration and we don’t listen or even do something that would provoke Jehovah’s anger, we should not do it. How can we not do the same thing that the Israelites did and have a steadfast heart?

7 Have great love for Jehovah. Let us have some demonstration and see how it will help us.

6. If we have a broken heart, what good will it do us? (Genesis 23:4)

7. How will our growing love for Jehovah help us to endure?

(1 John 5:3) Our love for Jehovah gives us the courage to do things that will benefit us in the long run.—Proverbs 7:8; Mark 7:7.

8 In our time, however, God’s people have shown great steadfastness even when faced with difficult decisions about how to conduct a meeting. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, they decided to conduct their meetings by video-conference. A church leader in Peru said that at first he was afraid that the meetings would not work. Despite his reluctance, he decided to hold a meeting and devote himself to God. (Mark 3:5, 6) What was the result? He said: “I saw how Jehovah looked at those who would hold a meeting. The brothers and sisters in the congregation were great, and we got closer.” Here’s another example. In 2020, the organization introduced a new program for foreign-language congregations and groups. When a sister in Japan asked to join her group, she said: “I love this new program, I don’t want to say anything bad about it. I feel like I’m doing a good job.”

9 Resurrection is important. This is particularly important in the ministry. In many parts of the world, the dead are still being raised up. Therefore, as we preach the gospel, we must make it clear that the end of this world is imminent, and that we will return to preach this message shortly after the coming of Armageddon.

8. How can two media indicate a relationship?

9. What will help us to remain steadfast in times of trouble? (See also the illustration.)

10 ORIGIN OF ARANE

(Matt. 24:14) Also, in the great tribulation, our message to people will be so good that it will determine whether they will serve Jehovah or not. Our preaching work will be a ‘great trouble’ for Jehovah’s enemies.* (James 16:21) It is not surprising that they will be angry as Satan was angry at the New Covenant. What will help us to survive the upsurge is to be steadfast today and to do the preaching work regardless of what others may do.

SUKOA IF BELEMGBUNLI GYƐHƆHYAFATE YƐLE TIEYƐ LA

10 The Bible also describes people who go to war. For example, two nations decided to send soldiers against Jehoshaphat of Bethlehem and Judah. Jehoshaphat and all his people had good heart and understanding. (2 Kings 20:1-3) However, the king was not afraid and did something about it. Let’s see how another act of Jehoshaphat will help us to make peace.

11 Make a decision to seek revelation from Jehovah and to obey it. The fear of Jehoshaphat was that he “made a decision to seek the Lord.” (2 Kings 20:3) It was the nature of Jehoshaphat to seek revelation from Jehovah. (2 Kings 19:3) However, in this situation he “made a decision” or decided to obey Jehovah and to obey whatever revelation He would give him. Then he opened up his heart and prayed for it. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) When we face problems, let’s look at his example. We can decide to follow Jehovah, praying and learning from him what to do.—Ps. 119:112.

12 Go and study. It appears that when Jehoiakim was a young man, he saw how the Lord fulfilled the promise He made to Abraham that He would give the land to the Israelites. (Gen. 12:7)

* See “Reading Age Requirements” in the August 2025 Sustainability Policy.

10. When nations came to war against Judah, what did King Jehoshaphat say?

11. What did Jehoshaphat do when he was depressed? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

12. How can we preserve our determination to obey Jehovah?

Taking action today will help us prepare for the challenges we will face one day.

(See Figure 9.)

11

Church leaders try to please Jehovah, the organization, and their fellow leaders (See Box 16).

(2 Ex. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) The things that King Jehoshaphat learned gave him greater confidence in Jehovah and made him determined to obey Him. However, in order to be steadfast in our decisions, we must consider ‘the scale of our measure,’ i.e., the need to learn more about the truth than we already know. (Matt. 13:52) Doing so will help us to obey Jehovah always, even in the most difficult situations.

13 Try to look upward. Also, the prayer of Jehoshaphat shows that he was exalted. As a king, he should have looked downward and felt that he could handle the situation. But when he was praying in front of the people, he looked upward and saw that Judah was facing Jehovah’s wrath. (2 Ex. 20:12) Just as he looked upward, he could not ignore God’s revelation. So if we look upward, it will help us to have a steadfast heart in every situation.—Phil. 2:5, 8.

13. How does melanocortin help prevent Alzheimer's disease?

14 Consider how you reproach others. Jehovah spoke through the prophet Isaiah to answer the prayer of Jehoshaphat. He saw that he was reproaching the people. He said to them: “Go your way, and stand, and see how Jehovah has restrained the life.” The Bible says that then ‘Joshaphat stood up, and bowed his face, and all the people bowed their faces and served Jehovah.’ While the people were eating, the king encouraged them to “have faith in Jehovah” and “in his prophets.”—2 Ex. 20:14-20.

15 King Jehoshaphat sent men to “call the men of war” to the opening gate. This indicates that he had great faith. (2 Ex. 20:21) When King Jehoshaphat and “the king’s mind was turned” and he made this decision, he set a fine example for his people and taught them to submit to Jehovah and to obey him. Jehovah respected his decision and sent the plague on them.—2 Ex. 20:22-24.

14. What did Jehoshaphat do about the revelation God sent to his nation?

15. How did Jehoshaphat show that he had strong faith?

12 ORIGINS OF ARANE

16 The elders of the congregation, the fathers, and the elders of the people can learn from the example of Jehoi'aphat, whose heart was filled with mercy, and who gave mercy to those who followed him. He learned from the example of King Solomon, who prayed to the LORD for a heart of mercy when Solomon was not in the service of the LORD. He did not pray for himself, but for the people. He wanted to govern the people as the LORD wanted. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) King Jehoshaphat also sent letters to Jehovah’s prophets, asking for the people’s opinions and decisions, and encouraging them to use Jehovah’s revelation. Church leaders can learn from this. They should study and seek revelation from the Bible and other books and consult with other leaders before making decisions for the church. (Mark 15:22) They should also use words and deeds to encourage God’s people to be steadfast. In the same way, parents know that their children will learn from their behavior.—Mark 1:8; 14:1.

17 If we have a steadfast heart regardless of the challenges we face, we can be confident that Jehovah will choose us and guide us. He uses His chosen people to give us revelation as He did in the past. If we do not respond well to some revelation, we should not be disappointed because Jehovah’s ways and works are more profound than ours. (Isa. 55:9) So let us have a steadfast heart.

16. What can those in authority learn from the example of Jehoshaphat? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also the illustration.)

17. Why should we always have a clear mind?

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

■ What can we learn from what the Israelites did when they left Egypt?

■ How did Jehoshaphat demonstrate that he had "the right mind"?

■ What can we learn from the example of Jehoshaphat?

EDWARD 88 He Taught Me Through My Eyes

NOVEMBER 16-22, 2026

EDUARDO 84 We Are Strong

This word describes the work of Jehovah’s Witnesses as described in Zechariah 8:23.

Bringing the Word to People in Local Languages

"Seven kings from all the tongues of the nations shall serve in the robes of Judah." —ZECH. 8:23.

Jehovah resembled the prophets who were at the Tower of Babel when they confused the languages of the people who came to the temple. This caused mankind to speak different languages, confusing them and spreading them throughout the earth. (Gen. 11:6-9) But Jehovah’s purpose is to raise a “great multitude from nations and kindreds and peoples and tongues” who will bring the great joy to the new world. (Isa. 7:9, 10, 14) But if these people can have faith in Jehovah in the great tribulation, let us preach the gospel in their mother tongues. (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) Let us rejoice in the work that will save people one day!

2 Many years before the Apostle John wrote the Book of Revelation, Jehovah told the prophet Zechariah that ‘many nations will serve the Lord, and they will be His people.’ (Zech. 2:11) Later Zechariah wrote: “This is what the Sovereign Lord says: ‘I am sending seven men from all the languages of the nations.

1. Why is it important to preach in tongues? (Romans 10:13, 14)

2. What word did Jehovah command Zechariah to speak?

14

"There shall be a multitude of nations and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and peoples and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and tongues and

WHEN WE LOOK AT EDWEPPE IN THE EARTHLY WORLD

3 The “sword” spoken of in Zechariah’s prophecy is for the elect. They are also called “the holy Israel.” (Gal. 6:16) He calls these people to “ascend into heaven.” (Heb. 3:1) The “seven kings” are for the elect who hope to live forever on earth in Paradise. They come from different nations and speak different languages.

4 When Jesus visited “the poor and the needy” in 1919, the brothers saw that part of the work was to preach the gospel in different languages. (Matt. 24:45) Although the Bible Students were showing the “Photo-Drama of Creation” in different languages, the poor and the needy saw that not only the video should be shown. For example, the 1921 book The Harp of God was translated into 36 languages. By 1935, what would become the “great herd” had been assembled. This is why the first apostles understood that the message needed to be preached to people of different nations and languages. So the apostles of that time organized the missionary work to spread the gospel throughout the earth so that Zechariah's prophecy would be fulfilled.

"WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO THE PEOPLE OF THE EARTH WHEN THE DAY COMES"

5 As God’s people preach the good news in many parts of the world, they have encountered many people who speak different languages and want to serve Jehovah. As Isaiah predicted, these people are called to come to Jehovah’s house to be taught his ways. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) To help these people learn about Jehovah and follow him, God’s servants preach to “everyone who is willing.” They also translate our books and videos into different languages and distribute them in paperback form to people all over the world. (Ps. 68:11; 110:3) Of course, the same determination has led to the creation of jw.org and JW Library® in many languages. This has helped many people around the world learn the truth of the Bible in many different languages.

6 People from all over the world who speak different languages benefit from each other’s gifts of wisdom and love. One of the most important reasons for this is that everyone’s hearts contribute to the world-wide ministry. This results in the production of books and videos in more than 1,100 languages, which reach millions of people every year.

7 The different languages of Jehovah’s Witnesses,

3. Which of you belong to the “Dwuunli” and which of you belong to the “mrenya bulu” today?

4. When Jesus returned to “the desert and the sea” in 1919, what did He announce?

5-6. How does Isaiah 2:2-4 correspond to today’s Israel? (See illustration.)

7. If we know the meaning of Isaiah 14:6, how does it relate to us?

SEPTEMBER 2026 15

The food provided by one's mother and father is beneficial to people of different ethnicities who speak different languages (See Table 5-6).

But the angels are helped to preach ‘the good news to every nation and tribe and tongue and people.’ (Read Zechariah 14:6.) Knowing that the Bible prophecies of Zechariah and Ezekiel are fulfilled today will give us confidence in the fulfillment of other prophecies. It will also make us decide to support his organization because it appears that he is using it to help people preach the good news.

JEHOVAH IS THE LIGHT WHERE THE DARK IS

8 On the day of Pentecost in 33 C.E., Jehovah performed a miraculous act. He allowed Christ’s disciples to speak in languages that were then unknown to him. (John 2:4-10) Why did he do this? He wanted people from different nations who worshiped God to “speak of the great things that God has done.” (John 2:11) What he did showed his authority to do what happened at the Fall of Babylon.

9 For it is good that the gospel be preached in tongues. Let us make a comparison. Let it be like a man traveling in a foreign country. At some time he was in doubt and went to the hospital. The doctor told him what he should do to recover. But because he did not speak the doctor's language, he needed someone to translate what the doctor had said. Just as today many people have no hope and need comfort.

8. What did Jehovah do on Pentecost 33 A.D.?

9. What can we do to help those who speak other languages to preach the gospel?

16 ORIGINS OF ARANE

When we speak to someone, we can help them share that story in their own language. We can give them a book, a video, or an audio recording in their native language.

10 Let’s see how we can use the books and JW Library to preach in other languages. Let’s consider the example of Robert from England. While he was preaching in a shipyard, he met a young man from Turkey who worked on a ship. The young man didn’t speak English at all, but he read the Bible Lives! brochure in Turkish. Since Robert knew the text of the brochure well, he showed the young man some places where he could read in his own language. The boy then asked him a lot of questions about what was going on in the world and Robert used the JW Library app to read the Bible in Turkish for him. He looked at the boy and said: “Yeah, it might be my language!” Robert said: “We were amazed. During our reading, I saw that the boy’s interest in the Bible and his understanding was growing.” It’s a great opportunity to help people learn about God in their own language!

11 When we translate a feature or a section of the JW.ORG website into a language that is not the native language of the recipient, we do so with the intention of bringing the Bible to those who do not speak that language.

10–11. (a) What can we learn from Robert’s story? (b) What can we learn from the passage entitled “The Wife Takes Care”?

Lwb Neeljov Qab Ntut Tshiab Tsaab Thyeoh

Raalɛ Bie Nyianle Anyelazo

He was staying at home with a young woman named Youa, and he decided to go to the United States. He spoke only English, the Hmong language. He could hardly read any books, not even the Bible. He said, “Friendship and joy, but some misery.” One day, a English-speaking sister gave him a tract titled Living in the Message of Peace in Hmong. Youa didn’t talk about the works of God that were on the tract. The word touched him and gave him hope that things would one day be better. He used the street for many years. He was obsessed with reading. Eventually, the Young Women came to the truth and took him to a Hmong language class. They studied the Bible with him and he was amazed and humbled by the people of hope that the beautiful street gave him.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17

WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT JEHOVAH’S WORD?

12 Translations benefit everyone. It’s the Bible that is translated, not something else.* Translators work hard to make God’s Word accessible to as many people as possible. Last but not least, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures helps Jehovah’s Witnesses spread the word. A congregation leader in Nepal commented on the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures: “This translation of the Bible in my mother’s language makes me love Jehovah even more. It helps me to draw near to Him and my faith is strengthened.” The entire Bible or a portion of it is available in more than 300 languages. Because of the way the Bible is translated, it is unlikely that it will fail to convey the truth about Jehovah. This is why Jehovah’s people around the world share the same faith and share the same message. (1 Cor. 1:10) However, this is not necessarily the case with the Bible.

13 At present, the name of God does not appear in most Bibles. However, it appears several times in the English New Testament. During the first 100 years of its existence, the name of God did not appear in many Bible translations, titles in the Hebrew Scriptures. However, the leaders of the Christian church have tried to keep people from using the name of God. Catholic church leaders have removed the name of God from their Bibles and from every book.* And many other religions have removed the name of God from their Bible translations. However, if they were to translate the Encyclopædia Britannica into any language, they would have to find the name of God everywhere as it was used in the original Scriptures. It was necessary to make the name of God known to people. Let’s see why that was so.

14 The Bible does not say how we should know God’s name and use it. The Psalmist encouraged God’s servants to “open up the name of Jehovah.” (Ps. 135:1) When Jesus taught his disciples how to pray, they might have said: “Listen to your name.” Later in prayer, Jesus said to Jehovah: “Let your name be known.” (Matt. 10:13) Those who read the Bible without God's name will not be able to follow these instructions.

15 Many Jehovah’s Witnesses offer a copy of the Encyclopædia Britannica in their native language.

* An early translation of the Bible was made around 150 B.C. It is known as the Greek Septuagint.

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI decreed that the name of God should not be used or mentioned in Catholic prayer, liturgy, or sermons. See The Watchtower October 1, 1997 p. 16-18, ed. 4-8.

12. How Does the Bible Help God’s People?

13. Why does God’s name not appear in many Bible translations?

14. According to the Bible, why should we know God’s name and use it?

15. What are the advantages of the E-Government Platform?

18 ORIGINS OF ARANE

They know the truth about God, and they know how to devote themselves to him and to make his name known. They also have a deep love for him and devote themselves to him.—Mark 18:10; Isaiah 56:6.

16 The Bible says that there will never be a great war between “the armies of the whole earth” and Jehovah. (James 16:14) At that time, it will be answered by those who know Jehovah and call upon his name. (Heb. 9:10; cf. John 17:3.) But it will be answered in other ways by those who recognize him as their God. Jehovah says: “I will be glorified and sanctified, and I will be praised in the sight of many nations; and they will know that I am Jehovah.” (Isa.

17 May we have the privilege to share in the fulfillment of the prophecy in Zechariah 8:23. May we have the privilege to preach to people of different languages with our brothers and angels. May Jehovah give us all the tools we need to preach to all nations, tribes, languages, and peoples. May we use these gifts to help as many people as we can get closer to Jehovah, the merciful, merciful, and merciful God. It’s a great privilege to be part of this work of spreading Jehovah’s name worldwide.—Luke 11:2.

16. Why is it important to know Jehovah today? (John 17:3)

17. What kind of access do we have?

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

■Who are the "destroyer" and "blue king" referred to in Zechariah 8:23?

■ How is it helping people of different languages learn about Jehovah?

■ Why should people know Jehovah’s name and use it?

STORY 57 God’s Word and the People’s Choice

NOVEMBER 23-29, 2026

STORY 107 God Is Love

How the system of priesthood enlarges our love for Jehovah.

God’s Commands Let Us Know That Jehovah Loves Us

“Every priest who is appointed among men is approved to do God’s work for men.”—HEBREWS 5:1.

Why? Since Adam and Eve’s disobedience to God, sin has come to all of us. This is why we are separated from God and cannot ever come near Him. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) It is like a great gulf between us and God that only we can pass through to God. If one is lost, we have no true joy and no hope. What is Jehovah’s command to help us?

2 Jehovah created the priesthood in order to cleanse His people from sin. He appointed priests and high priests for Israel. He later appointed Jesus as the Father of the Christian church and He is the Father today. In this article, we will learn how the priesthood system affected men and women in the past. We will also learn how the Father Jesus is serving today and how He will serve with the 144,000 in the future. We will see how this beautiful arrangement reveals Jehovah’s love.

THE APPLICATION OF INTELLIGENCE IN MEDICINE

3 The scribe Paul explained how Jehovah established the priesthood system for the Israelites. (Read Hebrews-

1. Why are people so prone to sin? 2. What will we discuss in this article? 3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how did the priesthood system help those who wanted to come closer to Jehovah? (See also the illustration.)

20

Satan served as an intermediary between us and God; the priesthood is a covenant (see box 3).

Mac 5:1.) Jehovah wanted the Israelites to draw near to Him. That is why He sent the high priest to help the people in their worship. The priests helped God’s servants draw near to Him. They became the channel through which the word of God came to man.

4 How did the priests help the Israelites to approach God and serve Him in the way He intended? In two ways. First, they taught the people about God. How did they do this? Malachi 2:7 says, “The priest teaches the people about God, and the people must ask him for the law, for he is the Lord.” So the priests’ job was to read the Law of Moses to the Israelites and teach them to obey it. For example, in the time of Nehemiah, Leviticus 13 instructed the priest Ezra to explain the Law to the people and to help those who were illiterate, so that they could obey God’s commandments and draw near to Him.—Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Secondly, they went to the people's fathers to pray and offer sacrifices. The Israelites knew that they would commit every sin and be condemned. God knew that it was necessary to punish them for their sins. (Heb. 51:9) This is why the LORD changed the priests to offer different sacrifices. See how this changed the hearts of the redeemed Israelites! The divine law shows that the LORD is loving, compassionate, and concerned about the welfare of His people, especially about their survival.

A PHYSICAL BODY WHICH HAS A BODY, WHICH HAS A BODY, AND WHICH HAS A BODY.

6 Jehovah wants his faithful servants to have a good relationship with him.

4. How did the priests help the Israelites get closer to God?

5. (a) What else did the priests do? (b) What does the priesthood system teach us about Jehovah?

6. In the past, what were the family duties in addition to the priesthood?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

For example, when Noah and his family emerged from the ark, he offered a sacrifice of atonement. (Gen. 8:20) Abraham built altars to offer sacrifices to Jehovah. (Gen. 12:7, 8) And David offered sacrifices of thanksgiving for his sons. (Dab. 1:5) Even before the Levitical priesthood was established, the Bible spoke of priests. Jehovah told the Israelites: “Let the priests [the sons of Aaron] who are always near the Lord keep their eyes on the Lord.”—Ex. 19:22.

7 Melchizedek is the only god mentioned in the Bible. (Gen. 14:18) He was a priest and a king. Jehovah later promised that the Messiah would also be a priest and a king like Melchizedek. However, the miracles of the Messiah will always help mankind.—Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 After the LORD had established the kingdom of Israel, He gave them the Law of Moses. In the Law, He gave them the functions of the priests. He appointed Moses, his brother Aaron, and the sons of Aaron to serve as priests. (Ex. 40:12-15) The Levites were to help the priests in sacrificing for the whole nation and for every one of its descendants. The LORD gave them instructions regarding the sacrifices that should be offered, how the sacrifices should be offered, and how they should be offered. This was an arrangement that was in effect for some time.

7. What is the name of Melchizedek, and why is he likely to be the Messiah?

8. Who were the priests in Israel, and what were their duties?

9 When Jesus was born, He was appointed to be the Shepherd who would help mankind to continue to serve God. (Heb. 8:1) Later, Jesus sacrificed His human life to redeem mankind from sin. His sacrifice was greater than that of the priests of Israel. Yet, Jesus is the Shepherd who helps us to serve Jehovah. (Heb. 9:24) In the Kingdom of God, the 144,000 chosen people and Jesus’ mother serve as ministers and priests. (1 Peter 1:3, 4; 2:9) Heaven will be the place where God and Jesus will work together to redeem mankind and make the earth a paradise.

10 As we know, throughout history, Jehovah has sent priests to help human beings draw near to Him. The different offerings made by the priests provided for the redemption of faithful Israel. Jehovah will continue to use priests throughout the Dispensation of the Millennium in order to make mankind a people that no longer needs priests. What else can we learn from this wonderful commandment, and how will it strengthen our love for Him? Let us see.

WHY WE SHOULD CONFIDENCE IN JEHOVAH

11 The divine law shows that Jehovah desires to have a relationship with his servants. He does not allow sin to exist between man and Jehovah, but he does not-

9-10. Who will be the priests of Jesus in the Millennial Kingdom?

11. How does the sacrificial system show that Jehovah desires a relationship with mankind?

22 ORIGIN OF ARANE

Jehovah loves us so that we can be close to Him. He wants us to be close to Him in prayer, in love, and in fellowship with Him who is life. (2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows who we are, not just who we are, but who He wants us to be. It is this concern of Jehovah for us that makes it possible for us to be close to Him in love. And it is this that makes us love Him.

12 Jesus, too, wants us to have a close relationship with Jehovah. As a divine Father, he is “the Master in the heavens.” (1 John 2:1; see Hebrews 7:25.) What will Jesus do to help you? He may help you with your mistakes, your attitude, your decisions, and your problems. He may help you with your character, your behavior, and your faithfulness in serving Jehovah. Because Jesus knows what is in your heart, he knows your constant prayer for forgiveness, and your efforts to do what is right. We can be confident that Jehovah, who is compassionate and willing to punish sin, will answer the prayer of Jesus. (Psalm 86:5) Why can we be so confident? Because Jehovah has sent Jesus to be our Savior and to pray for us.

13 The divine order shows that Jehovah loves us in our hearts and minds. (Read Hebrews 4:16.)

12. How does it comfort us to know that Jesus, the Godly Shepherd, prays for us? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also the illustration.)

13. According to Hebrews 4:16, what other salvation does the priesthood provide, and how does it help?

The Divine Father sees our good intentions, our good behavior, our prayers for forgiveness of sins, and our efforts to do what is right (See box 12).

As Jesus did as God's Shepherd, we can express our feelings to Jehovah in prayer. Jehovah appreciates when we express our feelings to Him in prayer. If we do so, He will show us how to do it and how to devote ourselves to Him. Sometimes we don't even know how to express our feelings to Jehovah. Sometimes our feelings are too small, and He doesn't know what we are praying about. (John 8:26) But Jehovah hears, He sees, and He acts. It should be easy for us to expose our worries to our loving and compassionate Heavenly Father.

33:11) The ancient sacrificial offerings satisfied God’s people’s sinful desires. (Heb. 7:19) But those sacrifices were a prefiguration of the ultimate sacrifice, the sacrifice of Jesus. Jesus’ sacrifice could atone for sin and give righteous people the hope of eternal life. How wonderful it is that Jehovah has made this provision for our salvation!—1 John 4:10.

15 The people whom Jehovah has appointed to be priests in his Kingdom are a manifestation of his will. It is necessary for those who are baptized to have faith in the resurrection of the Lord. (Phil. 2:8; James 2:10) If we know that we have entrusted ourselves to Jehovah, he will give us the assurance that in the Age of Resurrection we will be delivered from our evil and sinful nature. Jesus and those who oppose his rule will bring about all of these miracles as Jehovah’s purpose for all of heaven and earth is accomplished.—James 22:1, 2.

16 As God’s Shepherd, Jesus does not have to deal with all of our problems because He also went through some of them when He was on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) For example, do you feel weary? Jesus did. (John 4:6) Are you tired and exhausted? Jesus did not. (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28) Does your faith help you? That’s what Jesus did. (Isa. 50:6; John 15:20) Do you love a sinner? Jesus’ brother Lazarus and his mother Joseph also died. We can be confident that Jesus, the Godly Shepherd, shows compassion and knows how to comfort us because He knows every one of our situations.

17 The 144,000 listened and saw the light when Jesus came to redeem mankind. For when they were on earth, they too were in sin and sinfulness. They became deceived and deluded. They too were deceived and deluded in their thoughts.

14. How does the sacrifice of Jesus show that Jehovah loves us for eternal life?

15. How does the fact that Jehovah’s chosen people will serve as priests in His Kingdom demonstrate His love?

16. According to Hebrews 4:15, why is Jesus the eternal Shepherd?

17. Why can we expect that the elect will follow the light instead of the darkness?

24 THE BIRTH OF ARANE

They lived in very different circumstances. In each of these circumstances, it is almost certain that one of the 144,000 people was in the same situation.

18 The divine covenant shows that Jehovah is loving, compassionate, merciful, and obedient. It is Satan, not Jehovah, who constantly tempts us. (James 12:10) This statement shows that Jehovah is the covenant that allows us to stay close to him, to do what pleases him, and to be his friends forever. How? By growing in love with Jehovah. It also shows that his love is great and that he is willing to forgive us and punish our sins.

19 Sometimes we may feel guilty of our sins. But the priesthood system tells us that Jehovah is not complacent. He knows that we are guilty. (Ps. 103:14) But he does not focus on our sins, but rather on what we can do and what we will one day be able to do. When sin and sinfulness come to our minds, we should remember that “God is greater than our hearts, and he knows all things.”—1 John 3:20.

20 As we know, Jehovah established the priesthood order in order for us to serve him in the way he desires. Jehovah is a mediator between him and mankind, but he has established this wonderful arrangement between us and him so that we may draw near to him. He wanted us to do this. He wants us to do what Hebrews 4:16 tells us to do by appreciating this wonderful gift. He says: “Therefore, let us approach the King of love with confidence, so that we may be comforted with the help of love in time of need.”

18. What of Jehovah’s attributes does the priesthood system reveal, and how?

19. Why can we say that the priesthood system shows that Jehovah does not tolerate problems?

20. Why was the Priestly Order established, and what was the decision to do?

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

■ How does the priestly system help mankind serve God in a way He desires?

■ How did Jehovah use priests in the past?

■ Why does the priesthood system bring us closer to Jehovah?

EDWARD 16 God’s People, His Chosen People

NOVEMBER 30–DECEMBER 6, 2026

CHAPTER 22 The Kingdom Is Coming—Let It Come!

WAYS HOW WE CAN COMBAT THE NINE MEANS THAT SATAN USE TODAY.

Twe Ɛ Nwo Fi “Ewiade Sunsum” Ne Anwo

“There is no evil in the Lord.”—1 CORINTHIANS 2:16.

We live in a world ruled by Satan. (John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) The most powerful people in the world are the followers of Christ. (James 12:12, 13, 17) But this does not mean that Satan is present everywhere we live. Even the Bible does not say that any of the evil angels and devils have such power. However, Satan has many powerful angels who serve him. (James 12:9) Or the spiritual world in which Satan is present everywhere and has taken possession of many people who even know him. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) If those who are willing to submit to Satan are members of the world, then they are doing what Satan wants. In a sense, they are “willing to do his will.”—2 Tim. 2:26.

2 At one time, many of us were also opposed to the spirit of the world. But when we saw what the spirit of the world meant and who was its master, we applied the Bible’s advice against “evil conduct and the deceitfulness of the world.” (Thess. 2:11, 12) By following that advice, we show that we want Jehovah to help us in spite of Satan’s power and his deception of many people. (John 4:7, 8) Indeed, when Jehovah sees our efforts to oppose the spirit of the world, he is pleased!

1. How does Satan’s worldly spirit influence his people? (1 John 2:15, 16) 2-3. (a) What is the difference between Jehovah’s people and those who follow the “evil spirit”? (b) What should we be careful about?

26

One can avoid the spiritual world by avoiding the physical world (see figure 5).

3 But we need to keep our minds clear. The choices and tendencies of the world can have an imperceptible influence on us. The spirit of wickedness controls even those who struggle in the truth. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) In this article, we will discuss the things that help to prevent this from happening. But let’s first consider what the “spirit of wickedness” means.—1 Cor. 2:12.

DUZU A LE “EWIADE SUNSUM” NE?

4 The term “evil spirit” as used in the Bible refers to the attitudes and behaviors of God’s people. People who are influenced by the spirit of the world are greedy. They do not follow Jehovah’s standards of life. For example, many people feel that there is no choice in behavior. They “follow the will of the nations” rather than the will of the Creator.—1 Peter 4:3.

5 The deceitful spirit is the title given to Satan’s way of deceiving “all the children of men.” (James 12:9) The apostle Paul applied this to the “deceitful woman.” (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) That deceit is passing. Just as the deceitful woman can deceive us, so can the spirit of the world.

4. What is the “spiritual spirit,” and what qualities does it manifest in people today?

5. In what way can the spiritual world be "human"? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also image.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

But one can deny that He is accessible and that He is ubiquitous. Let us therefore consider some ways in which the spiritual world can control us unconsciously and some ways in which it can control us consciously.

LET'S GET TO THE END

6 The Bible tells us that in the last days people will be “gruesome, spiteful, and unruly.” (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Some of these traits are evident in today’s discourse. For example, it is common to hear stories of people who commit adultery and then repent. It is also common to hear stories of adulterers and adulterous children. (Eph. 5:3, 4) If one thinks in the wrong way, he is allowing the spirit of the world to guide him.

7 As Christians, we should set a good example when we communicate with others. (John 1:26, 27) Whether or not we want to communicate, we can ask ourselves: ‘Am I getting angry, or am I calling the person with whom I am communicating an enemy of Jehovah? Am I speaking against my brothers and sisters, my neighbors, or my brothers and sisters?

8 What should we do when we realize that our speech is not right? It is not only the words we use that should be corrected. For Jesus said: “Every evil thing that comes out of a man goes into his heart, and these things come out of him.” (Matt. 15:18) Jesus was referring to the voice in our hearts. This is why the Bible speaks of “fury” and anger, great wrath and vengeance. (Eph. 4:31) If you feel that you need to make changes, ask Jehovah to help you to worship “the new day.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) You can also study these books and look for helpful advice. Make a firm decision not to let the spirit of the world corrupt your character and speech.—Eph. 4:29.

WE ARE WHEN WE ARE

9 We also see today that many people do not follow Jehovah’s standards of life. Many people are angry at school, at a friend, or at a friend’s friend. And they assume that those who are not disciplined can become arrogant. (Isa. 5:20) If we are careful, we may not have the same attitude and we will not commit evil again. (2 Cor. 11:3) We may even think that the Bible’s standards are wrong and that the world is going to end. But it is not true! Jehovah’s way is always right. It is not the way of man and it is not right.—Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

6. How does the spiritual world communicate with human beings?

7. In order to decide whether or not to speak, what questions should we ask ourselves?

8. What should we do when we know that we should not speak evil? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. How do people in the world view Jehovah’s standards of living?

28th ANNIVERSARY

10 Those who desire to do what pleases Jehovah must seek what he likes. (Ps. 97:10) So we can ask ourselves: ‘Do I feel that Jehovah’s guidelines are hindering me from doing what I like? Does my lifestyle reflect my desire to do what Jehovah likes? Would I like Jehovah to give me his guidelines in a way that would be consistent with my desire to do what he likes?’

11 What if you have a desire to do what is right in Jehovah’s sight? Know that you will never fail to obey Jehovah’s guidelines. Remember that evil thoughts are present in the minds of all ungodly people. (Heb. 51:5; 103:14) However, we can be confident that if evil thoughts come into our minds, we will not succumb to them, that is, we will not “fall into the snare of evil.” (Eph. 2:3) Also, we should not be preoccupied with evil thoughts. When evil thoughts come into our minds, they will quickly divert our attention from things that are right in Jehovah’s sight. (Gen. 2:17) 39:9, 12) Then consider how that state can ruin your relationship with Jehovah and others. Decide to never again commit sin. (Eph. 5:5) Through the Holy Spirit you can now avoid sin.

HOW TO SAVE YOUR DATA ON THE INTERNET

12 The Internet has made it easier for many of us to engage in various activities and social interactions. However, much of the content available on the Internet reflects the spirit of the world. For example, pornography is so widespread that not all children and adults have access to the Internet. Many people, both young and old, send pictures, videos, and text messages about sexuality to their friends. People also share their personal stories on the Internet. Many people take part in the events of their lives through social media. These books, texts, and videos can help us to not feel compelled to devote more time to studying the Bible even if that means sacrificing time to serve Jehovah.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 We should be careful with what we do on the Internet because it can take up our time and attention. To do so, we need to ask ourselves: ‘How often do I surf the Internet?’ (Eph. 5:15, 16) ‘What kinds of things do I surf? If I see something that is not good, do I avoid it immediately?’ (Ps. 119:37) ‘Do I take everything I find on the Internet from the source or do I assume it to be true?’—Rom. 14:15.

14 In order to grow up in the spirit of the world, parents must be vigilant about the time they spend on the Internet. Parents must be cautious about the use of social media by their children. (Eph. 6:4)

10. What questions do we need to ask ourselves in order to understand our attitude towards Jehovah?

11. What can we do to show that we love Jehovah?

12. What kinds of content can we find on the Internet that reflects the spiritual world?

13. What questions should we ask ourselves about how we use the Internet?

14. What can we do to avoid the dangers of the Internet?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

Those who spend a lot of time on social media are more intelligent and sensitive than those who don't. Applying Bible principles can help prevent the Internet from becoming a problem.

YOU ARE THE BEST!

15 If you know that the world’s spirits are controlling you, consider your own situation. Let’s consider the story of Gloria*, who learned the truth as a young girl, but then became obsessed with food and money. She says, “I wanted to become a teacher. That’s why I went to school and eventually decided to become a Witness again.” Over time, Gloria realized that the world’s spirits were controlling her, and she set that goal. What did she do? She says, “I spent a lot of time studying myself and praying. I also care about my friends who serve Jehovah. I have a lot of money, but I don’t give it up because Jehovah gives me the things I need.

*Behakyi aluma bie moo.

15. What can we learn from the Gloria? (or my picture.)

What can you do to keep your mind away from the spiritual world? (See box 15.)

30th ANNIVERSARY

Many. I wish it was Jehovah who guided me today and not Satan.”

16 Consider also Robert’s story. Bad relationships and lack of happiness led him to smoking cigarettes and drinking alcohol with his friends. He thought he was doing the right thing. But eventually he realized that he was not doing the right thing, but that he was one with the world. (2 Peter 2:19) What did he do? Robert said: “I grew closer to Jehovah’s people. I made changes in my life, in my appearance, in my behavior, and in my way of thinking.” Robert still believes every day that he is walking in the way that pleases Jehovah. His life has changed completely. This gives him a great deal of confidence.

16. What can we learn from Robert's experience?

17 What are we going to discuss in this article? We know that we need to be wary of the spirit of the world. Some of these things are to keep our speech clean, to be careful in our behavior, and to be cautious when using the Internet. Don’t let the spirit of the world get in your way. You can overcome it because Jehovah has power over Satan and his world. (Read 1 John 4:4.) Indeed, Jehovah sends his holy spirit from the heavenly powers to help you overcome the world. (Luke 11:13) Let us all decide to let God’s “light shine” and turn away from the spirit of the world!—Gal. 5:16.

17. How do we know that we are able to resist the spiritual world? (1 John 4:4)

WHEN WE SAY “EWIADE SUNSUM” WE ARE SAYING:

■ What is the speech?

■ In the things that Jehovah forbids?

■ When should we use the Internet?

STORY 124 Fear the Truth

THE WORLD IS A MEMORY OF JEHOVAH

September 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 10 NZEMA

ABOUT THE MAGAZINE

Bible Study Topics for November 2-8 | 2 The Third Way Jehovah Works

November 9-15 Study Topics | 8 Ways to Keep “The Spirit We Have”

November 16-22 Study Material | 14 Bringing the Gospel to People in Their Languages

November 23-29 Study Material | 20 Spiritual Commandments That Show Jehovah’s Love for Us

Bible Study Questions for November 30–December 6 | 26 Twe Ɛ Nwo Fi “Ewiade Sunsum” Ne Anwo

THE BIBLE AND YOUR EDUCATION

"Let the Kindness of Christ Be Seen in Everything You Do"

Colossians 3:15 speaks of “heavenly peace.” What does “heavenly peace” mean? It refers to the peace that a person has in his heart because he is a follower of Christ. This peace comes from witnessing the love of Jehovah and his Son.—John 14:23, 27.

The Apostle Paul encouraged the Christians in the church at Colosse to show the peace of Christ in their hearts and minds. How? The Greek word that Paul used for "instruction" and the way he referred to a judge refer to the same thing. That is, just as the word judge refers to a judge, so too should we have "heavenly peace" in our hearts and minds.

For example, when we speak of our emotional needs, we should let “heavenly peace” guide us, rather than allow it to dictate what we should do in order to live in harmony and love. To do this, we may have to give up our favorite things or forgive others. Doing so will translate “heavenly peace” into the heart’s righteousness.—Col. 3:12-14.

Donate this book. It supports the worldwide Bible teaching work through heartfelt donations. If you would like to support us, please visit donate.jw.org.

To distinguish between different meanings, the terms in the Scripture are given in Scripture Meanings—The World English Dictionary.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website or click on this logo

JW.ORG

w26.09-NZ