AUGUST 2026

YOU ARE GETTING TO KNOW JEHOVAH’S WORDS

ADESUA NAME: OCTOBER 5–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

DWOM 55 Munnsuro Wɔn!

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

Let not Satan deceive you that you cannot turn to Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

2

Do Not Be Deceived by Satan—Keep Your Faith in Jehovah and Jesus

“Seek the Lord, and he will give you.”—JACK 4:7.

If we decide to worship Jehovah alone, Satan and his evil followers will never be able to defeat us. But Satan knows that if we stand with Jehovah, he will not be able to defeat us. So he is determined to subdue us and make us worship Jehovah. One way he does this is by making us pretend that we speak to Jehovah and his Father Jesus.—2 Cor. 11:14; James 1:6.

2 If soldiers are to be victorious in battle, they must have faith in those who command them, and obey their instructions. If they do not have faith in them, they may do what they want. On the other hand, it may cause them to lose their lives. We, too, are like soldiers standing at the front. But for our part, we are “a spiritless army” that is failing. (Eph. 6:12) Satan the devil knows that if our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ is lost, we may return to them, and refuse to obey their instructions. Therefore, he does everything in his power to dampen our faith in them. In the past, Satan tried to dampen some people’s faith in Jehovah and Jesus. He is doing the same today. In this chapter, we will consider how he does this. Then, we will look at what we can do to keep Satan away from us.

1. In what ways does Satan try to dissuade us from worshipping Jehovah?

2. Why is it important to grow in faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

These are the two ways Satan tries to get us to stop worshipping Jehovah.*

SATAN’S ATTACKS AGAINST JEHOVAH AND JESUS

3 Soon after Jehovah created Adam and Eve, Satan set his sights on them in order to separate them from Jehovah. Satan deceived Eve so that she realized that his words were against Jehovah, her Creator. Satan asked Eve, “Didn’t God say, ‘You shall not go down to any of the trees of the garden’?” (Gen. 3:1-5) Satan and Eve assumed that Jehovah would do many good things for her and her husband. Surprisingly, both Eve and Adam followed Jehovah instead of Satan. They had no children, and Jehovah loved them, but they gave him up.—Gen. 3:6.

4 Since the days of Adam and Eve, Satan has been spreading falsehoods about Jehovah. For example, Satan persuaded Job’s sorcerer enemies to spread falsehoods about Jehovah. This made Job think that he hated Jehovah, and that he was displeased with his wholehearted devotion to Jehovah. (Job 22:1-3) It was Satan’s intention that Job should see the dangers that would cause him to abandon his service to Jehovah. Although Satan hated Job, Job continued to repent of his sin and to turn away from his enemy Jehovah.—Job 27:1, 5.

* Yes, it is not Satan who sends us all the hardships we face. But it is he who is behind the “spirit of wickedness” that inspires people to rise up against Jehovah’s servants. So whether we are facing hardships or are being attacked because of our service to Jehovah, it may be that we are being attacked by Satan.—1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

3. What did Satan do to weaken Eve’s faith in Jehovah?

4. What doctrine did Satan want Job to believe?

5 When Jesus came to earth, Satan did everything in his power to get people to follow him. One way he did this was to make the pagan priests and prophets who did not believe in Jesus speak evil of him. Eventually, they condemned him as a sinner. —Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus’ death, Satan turned his attention to Jesus’ followers. At first, the devil did not want people to know that Jesus had risen from the dead. So Satan made people believe that it was Jesus’ disciples who had risen from the dead. (Matt. 28:11-15) Satan then accused them and made the church members feel ashamed. Satan’s only aim was to make the church members think that the work Jesus had entrusted to them was too difficult for them to do.—Acts 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

7 Though some early Christians would have rejected the gospel, the spirit in them was strong, and they went on preaching the gospel. The disciples saw that Satan and his demons were behind them. (Acts 4:18-20; 1 Pet 5:8) What about today? What kind of deceptions does Satan try to use to turn us away from serving Jehovah?

SATAN WANTS TO DISAPPOIN JEHOVA AND JESUS

8 Now, one of the main ways Satan uses to deceive people is by denying the truth.

5. What methods did Satan use to seduce people to follow Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. How did Satan gain control over Jesus’ disciples?

8. How did Satan use falsehood to defame Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST 2026

3

Satan's world uses many temptations to make us believe that there is no benefit in obeying God's commandments.

(See paragraph 11.)

(2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Christian priests teach that the Father and the Son are the same. Therefore, people exclude the Father and worship the Son. Both Jehovah and Jesus reject such worship. (Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) Those who are influenced by such teachings may find it difficult to accept the truth, and they may even oppose the preaching work.

9 The first thing we should do if we want to know God is to ask for his name. Jehovah wants people to know him, but Satan doesn’t want people to know his name. That’s why Satan has always tried to distort God’s name through falsehood. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) God’s name, which the Bible says is sacred, Satan has removed from many Bible translations. (Proverbs 18:10) One of the Devil’s precepts is that God rejects all religions.

9. How does Satan use deception to prevent people from seeing Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

4 OWAN-ABAN

As a result, it is difficult for many people to draw near to God and to worship him. (James 4:8) Satan also wants to undermine the faith of Jehovah’s servants today.

10 When we face difficulties, Satan wants us to think that Jehovah cares about us. What Satan wants is for us to become complacent. (Prov. 19:3) If we are complacent, we may think, ‘If my case is in Jehovah’s favor, what is the use of obeying his laws or standards?’ If we have that attitude, we are in Satan’s power.

11 Satan uses the media to make us think that obeying Jehovah’s laws will make us feel comfortable. When he uses the media, he tells us that what the Bible says is past, and that we shouldn’t let anyone tell us what to do. In fact, “the one who is against the world” is making it harder for people to distinguish between good and evil.—John 14:30; Isaiah 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1, 2.

12 Listening to such things can ruin our relationship with Jehovah. A young woman named Shannon says: “It took a while before I realized that the things I learned at school and the people I went out with were ruining my mind. Then I focused my attention on things that Jehovah hated. I went to a place where I was exposed to the media and was imprisoned, and what was going on there made me want to do the same. At the same time, my eyes turned to myself, and I turned away from Jehovah, my friends, and my fellow Christians.” Ironically, Shannon quickly rejected Satan and returned to his heavenly Father. What helped him?

13 Shannon realized that she needed to change her attitude in order to get closer to Jehovah and Jesus. She says: “I asked Jehovah to help me make good friends, and I also did research in the congregation’s magazine. The video Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends? helped me a lot.* The young man in the video was struggling with the same problem that I was struggling with. What helped him was that he asked his parents for help, and I did the same. My parents, congregation elders, and young brothers and sisters in the congregation helped me. I know that, if I am in the truth, it does not just mean that I will go to school and do what will please my parents. Instead, I must dedicate myself to Jehovah and give him what he deserves.”

HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT JEHOVAH AND JESUS ARE THE SAME GOD?

14 If we want to grow closer to Jehovah, we must have good friends. —James 4:4.

10. What can cause a Christian to be afraid of Jehovah?

11. What does Satan do to make us think that Jehovah’s laws are sufficient? (See also the chapter.)

12. Why should we not listen to Satan's lies?

* For more information that will help parents and children, go to jw.org and look under the section You Are God’s Man. There is a section called Parents and Children. Or, in the JW Library® app, look under the section Common Questions. Then, go to “Parents Ask,” and see the article titled, You Are God’s Man.

13. What do you learn from the Shannon case?

14. What can we do to Satan if our faith is not vain? (See also chapter.)

AUGUST 2026 | 5

FREE BIBLE COURSE

By focusing on the things that will help us grow closer to Jehovah, we can resist Satan’s deceptions (See paragraph 14.)

For example, sometimes we may eat or read something that is not entirely true. Other times, we may be tempted by falsehoods. If we are careful about such things, we may be able to discern falsehoods. But if we take time to study the Bible and the congregation’s publications, and if we make friends with our brothers and sisters, it is less likely that such falsehoods will deceive us. If we know what the Bible teaches, it is less likely that Satan will deceive us or weaken our faith.—Proverbs 13:20; Acts 17:11.

15 If we take time to study the Bible, we will see that Jehovah and Jesus love us, and that will strengthen our faith. (Prov. 22:19) If we meditate on the Bible’s descriptions of how Jehovah and Jesus love people, we will see that Jehovah and Jesus will keep us safe. There are many Bible accounts of Jehovah’s and Jesus’ love for us. For example, Jehovah says that his love for his people is greater than a mother’s respect for her child. (Isa.

15. How can we be sure that Jehovah and Jesus will protect us from evil?

6 OWAN-ABAN

(Mal. 3:16, 17, footnote) The Bible also shows that Jesus loved us so much that he gave his life for us.—John 15:12, 13.

16 If we think about what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us, we will be more convinced that they love us. Sometimes, we may feel guilty. If we think about how Jehovah has treated us, we will be more confident that he will never forsake us. At the same time, we can ask our brothers and sisters to tell us about how Jehovah helps them. (Prov. 22:17) If we do so, we will be more convinced that, even if things are going well, Jehovah and Jesus have not abandoned us.—Read Psalm 118:5, 6.

17 Each of us wishes to keep close to Jehovah God and Jesus Christ-

16. How will it help us to reflect on what Jehovah has done for us, or to listen to what he has done for others? (Psalm 118:5, 6)

17. What assurance does Jesus give us in John 10:29 that we will abide in Jehovah and Jesus?

(Rev. 20:1-3, 10) If we are to resist Satan and his forces, we must strengthen our relationship with Jehovah. Instead, we must focus our minds on trusting Jehovah and his Father, Jesus Christ. If we do, we will see that Jesus said he knew that “no one can snatch us from the hand of the Father.”—Read John 10:29; James 4:7.

18 There are two other ways Satan tries to keep us from worshipping Jehovah. First, he wants to cause discord between us and our brothers and sisters in Christ. Second, he tries to keep us away from them and to keep us from believing. In the next section, we will look at how we can help ourselves to overcome these two ways Satan tries to keep us from worshipping Jehovah.

18. What will we consider in the next lesson?

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ What claims does Satan make about Jehovah and Jesus?

■ What assumptions does Satan make about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ What makes you more confident that you will return to Jehovah and Jesus?

DWOM 150 Hwehwɛ Nyankopɔn na Nya Nkwa

OCTOBER 12-18, 2026

DWOM 129 Yebegyina Mu Pintinn

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

We must always keep in mind that it is the enemy we should fight, not our fellow Christians. Also, if people rise up against us, we should not let ourselves be discouraged and stop preaching.

Wubetumi Adi Nkonim!

“It is not our blood and flesh that has redeemed us, but we... our souls that are in heaven.”—EPH. 6:12.

(Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) But the Bible also tells us that if there is a enemy, it is not evil, but the devil. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) But the devil is much stronger than we are. So how can we defeat him? The best way to do it is to commit ourselves to Jehovah. After that, it is important to understand the deceptions that Satan and his devil use to destroy our faith.

2 In the first chapter, we saw what the Devil is trying to do to test our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this chapter, we will consider two of his attempts. First, he wants to destroy the peace and unity that exists between us and our brothers and sisters in Christ. Second, he hopes that people will rise up against us so that our attention will be focused on the work of preaching or that we will be discouraged from doing it.

SATAN HAS HIS OWN PLAN FOR OUR HEALTH

3 Satan seeks to separate us from our brothers and sisters in Christ. His purpose is to deceive us and make us submit to him. What is it? People in the world want to be like themselves. For many people in this world are greedy.

1. Whom should each of us oppose? (Ephesians 6:11, 12)

2. What will we discuss in this session?

3. What means does Satan seek to use to interfere with us?

8

Now Jonathan saw that his father Saul had turned away from the LORD, and his eyes were turned toward David.

(See paragraphs 4, 6.)

Satan wants us to be like him; he wants us to be hostile to our brothers and sisters and to Jehovah’s church, and to deny ourselves.—Rom. 16:17.

(1 Sam. 18:9-11) If Saul had married David, Satan would not have been happy. Why do we say that? Jehovah had sent the prophet Samuel to tell David that he would be king over Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) So if David could not become king, it would have been Satan. When it became apparent that Saul was determined to kill David, note how Satan was overcome.

5 Satan knows that because we are one, Jehovah blesses and helps us. (Dt. 133:1) Satan wants to destroy our unity, so he wants to divide us and make us hate our brothers like Saul and David did. Satan knows that if we hate our brothers, we will love them more strongly. (Mar. 12:30, 31) If we do that, can we be sure that our service will please Jehovah? But Jacob wouldn’t tolerate such divisions.—Read James 3:14-16.

6 If we love our neighbor as ourselves, we will not fall into temptation.

4. Why did King Saul turn his face away from David? (See also footnote.)

5. Why does the devil want to deceive us and give us sorrow? (James 3:14-16)

6. What can we learn from Jonathan’s example? (See also footnote.)

AUGUST 2026 9

1 Sam. 23:16, 17. 1 Sam. 23:16, 17. 1 Sam. 23:17. 1 Sam. 23:18. 1 Sam. 23:19. 1 Sam. 23:20. 1 Sam. 23:21. 1 Sam. 23:22. 1 Sam. 23:23. 1 Sam. 23:24. 1 Sam. 23:25. 1 Sam. 23:26. 1 Sam. 23:27. 1 Sam. 23:28. 1 Sam. 23:29. 1 Sam. 23:30. 1 Sam. 23:31. 1 Sam. 23:32. 1 Sam. 23:33. 1 Sam. 23:34. 1 Sam. 23:35. 1 Sam. 23:36. 1 Sam. 23:37. 1 Sam. 23:38. 1 Sam. 23:39. 1 Sam. 23:40. 1 Sam. 23:41. 1 Sam. 23:42. 1 Sam. 23:43. 1 Sam. 23:44. 1 Sam. 23:45.

7 Our brothers and sisters in the congregation are different from each other in their own way, in their own family, and in their own way of living, and Satan wants to take advantage of this unity in us. What can we do to help him accomplish his purpose? If there is a dispute between us and our brothers and sisters, we should try to resolve it as soon as possible. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Try to increase your love for your brothers and sisters, and be kind to them. Although it is different from each of us, it is important to remember that each of us is responsible for himself. (1 Cor. 12:12) We are all brothers and sisters standing together in our struggle against Satan and the devil.—1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 If a Christian brother or sister says or does something that offends you, consider that you too are guilty. It is not only because we preach, and because they are performers of works, that we are guilty. (Ecc. 7:20) If that is the case, we should follow the Bible’s advice to seek forgiveness for our brothers and sisters. And if someone does something that offends you, don’t rebuke him or her, but forgive him or her immediately. (Col. 3:12-14) Jehovah and Jesus want us to love our brothers and sisters and to be close to them.—John 17:20, 21.

SATAN DID NOT APPEAR TO HIMSELF.

9 One of Satan’s ways to defeat us is to cause people to hate us. The apostle Paul said that all true Christians will be hated. (2 Tim. 3:12) If we are hated, it is a bad thing. We may spend too much time worrying about judgment, or we may want to obey the law and the rulers. In the end, the work of preaching that Jehovah has entrusted to us will vanish.—Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Look at what Abraham’s son Isaac did. Isaac became barren, and the Philistine hated him. That’s why the well that his father Abraham had dug, the Philistine seized all of it. (Gen. 26:12-18) But Isaac needed water for his family and his cattle. So Isaac dug a well in a deserted place. There, the Philistine claimed that the well belonged to them. He and Isaac looked at each other very much, so he could have attacked him. But Isaac fought the watcher and the Philistine over the well. Instead, he did what would bring peace. He then dug a well, and Jehovah blessed him there. (Gen. 26:19-20) 26:19-25) In turn, if we follow the example of Isaac, we will be able to feed the flock and have a dwelling place.

7. What can we do to prevent Satan from destroying the bond between us? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. If a Christian brother or sister says or does something that offends us, what should we do?

9. What four ways does Satan try to deceive us?

10. When the Philistine saw Isaac, what did he do?

10 OWAN-ABAN

#WE WANT CHANGE

STOP

CHANO

SERVE THE PEOP

Try to stand up every morning, and follow the Kingdom of God

(See paragraph 13.)

11 When Jesus, the appointed Messiah, came to earth, he was respected by his people. For example, two of Jesus’ family members said that he had the right to teach. (Mark 3:21) Each day, the religious leader claimed that he had the right to teach, and even said that his authority to do so came from his Father. (Luke 11:15, 16) One of the apostles took him away. (Matt 26:14-16) The chief priests and the rulers of the people accused Jesus. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) None of these things Jesus did in the service of Jehovah. Moreover, he did nothing to disrespect his Father. During the trial of Jesus, the apostle Peter tried to kill him. Peter then struck the high priest. But Jesus did not regret what Peter had done, and struck him again. (Luke 22:50, 51) After all this suffering, Jesus did not abandon the work that Jehovah had entrusted to him. Likewise, he did not decide to kill his enemy.

12 Today, we also face serious threats. Satan wants us to stop preaching. Our family members or friends may oppose us or even hate us. But Jesus told us to love even those who hate us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) That means that if people hate us or oppose the preaching work, we should not act against them. Instead, we should put Jesus’ word into practice, honoring all people, treating them with respect, and showing them respect.—1 Cor. 13:4.

11. When people rejected Jesus, what did He do?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, what should we do when people rise up against us or reject us?

AUGUST 2026 11

By maintaining love and unity with our fellow Christians, we can defeat the forces of evil (See paragraph 16)

13 If the elders impose a law on us that we do not like, or if it is difficult for us to worship Jehovah as we would like, we should go and submit ourselves to them. Why? Because that is what the Bible says we should do. (Rom. 13:1, 2) It is not every law that the elders impose that is against us that Satan would support. However, what he would rather is for us to oppose such a law, or to oppose the elders and rebel against them. People in the world, when the elders impose a law on them that they do not like, look upon themselves as fools. But Christians should not do that! (Prov. 24:21, 22, New International Version; Ecc. 8:2, 3) If we resist tomorrow and do not put our trust in God’s Kingdom, we are in Satan’s power.—John 15:19.

14 Some of those who once rebelled against us are now Jehovah’s Witnesses. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) Therefore, if ‘the enemy hates us, and is angry with us, and has any charge against us,’ let us remember that they may soon return to worship Jehovah. (Matt. 5:11) Let us pray that the enemy will allow us to worship Jehovah peacefully. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Also, pray for your employees, co-workers, and neighbors who rebel against you. A woman who was divorced for a long time but later became a Jehovah’s Witness said: “You should drink lots of tea, because it helps.”

13. If tomorrow rises up against us, why should we go out and shoot at them? (See also the paragraph.)

14. When people rise up against Jehovah’s servants, what should we say?

12 AUGUST

15 If we think we can solve the world’s problems on our own, we may waste a lot of time and energy. (Rev. 1:15) Now Jehovah knows what we are doing, and soon his Kingdom will remove all the troubles that Satan and his demons are causing. (Deut. 37:18; 1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) But until that time comes, we must take refuge and show that we love our fellow human beings. We must devote our time and energy to helping every person we can to see Jehovah and to worship him.

YEBETUMI ADI NKONIM!

16 The Bible reminds us that we can overcome the evil spirit. (James 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) What will help us? The Bible says that we must have strong faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (Ephesians 6:16) So go ahead and strengthen your faith, and it will help you to love your brothers and sisters and to become one with them.

17 Satan will do everything in his power to separate us from our brothers and sisters or to deceive us, but we must not allow him. Jehovah and Jesus promise that if we join them, they will turn away from us. We and our brothers and sisters stand together in our struggle against the devil. As for those who rise up against us, we must do everything in our power to put Jesus’ word into practice and defeat them. (Luke 6:27, 28) So go against Satan, and be confident that you can defeat him and his demons.

15. Why should we not assume that we can solve the problems of the world?

16. What will help us to resist the evil spirit? (See also the picture.)

17. What should we strive to do?

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ In what ways does Satan seek to destroy the peace and unity that exists between us and our fellow Christians?

■ In what ways does Satan try to discourage us from preaching the gospel of the Kingdom?

■ What makes you sure you can defeat Satan and his demons?

DWOM 149

Nkonimdi Dwom

OCTOBER 19-25, 2026

DWOM 106 Momma Yennya Ɔdɔ

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

We can learn something from the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus, and it will help us to understand how to promote peace in the church.

'Mede Ɔdɔ Na Ɛresrɛ Wo'

“Let my love be with you.”—PHILM. 9.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) Although Jehovah enjoys this peace, it is in the best interests of each of us to be careful not to allow anything to destroy it. (Rom. 12:18) How should we deal with our brothers and sisters to help maintain peace in the church? If we are angry with someone, or someone is angry with us, what should we do to maintain peace between us? The apostle Paul’s advice to Philemon concerning Onesimus will help answer these questions.

PAUL ADDRESS

2 See Philemon 8, 9, 17. Paul writes to Philemon urging him to forgive his brother Onesimos. Paul tells Philemon that he knows that he loves Christ and the brethren, and that is why he sends this letter to him. Ephesians recalls this. Philemon was a brother in the church at Colosse; everyone knew that he was a man of faith, and that he loved the brethren very much. He had a brother named Onesimos, who was not a Christ. Onesimos left Philemon in Rome, perhaps to visit him. (Phil. 18) While Onesimos was in Rome, he met Paul, and later became a Christ. (Col. 1:17) 4:9) But according to the law of Rome, Onesimus must return to his master Philemon, so Paul did.—Phil. 12, 13.

3 It seems that Paul was worried that if Onesimus left, what would Philemon do? Philemon had the opportunity to

1. What abilities does each of us have?

2. The case of Philemon and Onesimus first. (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

3. When Paul dismissed Onesimus, what issues may have been of concern to Paul? (See also next chapter.)

14

What did the church do? What did the other brethren in the neighborhood do? Paul knew that this issue would destroy the peace of the church. So he wrote to Tychicus and Onesimus to bring Philemon. (Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) He also wrote to one of the brothers in Colosse to bring Philemon. In this episode, we will consider the letters Paul wrote to Philemon and the church at Colosse and see what we can learn from Paul, Onesimos, and Philemon.

NEA YEBETUMI ASUA AFI PAUL HƆ

4 What can we learn from Paul? As Paul and others believed, it helps to have peace in the church. We can also learn from Paul and help to have peace in the church.

5 Paul treated Philemon as his friend. (Phil. 17) Paul was of the opinion that Philemon should treat him as his teacher. (2 Cor. 1:24) Paul treated Philemon as his minister, and told him the relationship that existed between them. What Paul did helped Philemon understand how he should treat Onesimus as his brother in Christ. We can all imitate Paul, especially the elders in the church. When the elders treat the brothers as their friends, peace is maintained in the church. Because they love Jehovah’s word, they ‘rule’ over them. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) Instead, God has brought them back, so they take time for them, listen to them, and if some of them need help, they turn them away. If the elders imitate Paul, and allow others to feel like friends, it will be a good example for the brethren and will help to keep peace in the church.

4-5. How can church elders help to maintain peace in the church?

6 Paul replied to Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5, 7) Well, everyone loves. Why? One thing is that many of us feel like we don’t need to. We don’t care how we are in the body. Sometimes we don’t know if people like us or don’t like us. Or perhaps we feel like we have an opportunity in our hearts. It’s not surprising that we feel that way. But it can cause us to worry, or to feel uncomfortable. Or it can make us bitter, or angry with others. All of these are things that can destroy the peace that exists between us. (Prov. 12:25) It will show them that we love them and worship them. Do you want to give them advice? Then, whenever you have the opportunity, give them your advice. It is not only when someone has authority that we should give them advice, but also when we see that they are willing to do something. In short, if you have a problem with your brother, tell him.

7 Paul preached the gospel of Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) Paul’s words about Onesimos were clearly meant to make both Philemon and Onesimos happy. Similarly, the words we say about our brothers and sisters in Christ can indicate how they will be treated, or how we should behave with them. If we speak good words about our brothers and sisters, we make them happy. Similarly, if we preach the gospel of them, we make them happy. But if we can’t preach the gospel of our brothers and sisters in Christ, we can’t preach the gospel of Christ.

6. Why is friendship important?

7. Why should we be careful with what we say about ourselves? (Philemon 10-12)

AUGUST 2026 15

Take care of your brothers and sisters and preach to them as Paul did (See paragraph 8)

What will help us to do so? Let us consider what Paul did.

1:4-7; Philippians 1:3-5; Colossians 1:3, 4; 1 Thessalonians 1:2, 3) Paul knew that his brothers had good intentions, but that was not what he was concerned about. Rather, he was concerned about their good intentions, and he always trusted that Jehovah would grant him such friends. If it is difficult for you to preach about brothers, do the following: Make it your goal to preach about brothers. Then, pray in your heart for them that Jehovah will bless them. If you do this, it will be comforting for you to preach about them.

9 What Paul said was true, but the words he wrote to Philemon were encouraging. Have you ever been upset or angry with someone? If we are careful, it is not hard to put our faith in the word of God. So let us see what Paul was saying when he wrote to Philemon. A few days later, the Jews attacked him and were about to execute him, and the soldiers arrested him and asked for his statement. They put him in prison in Jerusalem and then took him to Caesarea. Then he was taken to Rome, but while they were on their way, the prison he was in was destroyed. When Paul returned the letter to Philemon, he even gave him an “affection,” because the Roman governor had given Paul his own house in Rome. (Phil. 1) When Paul wrote this, was he writing to Philemon? No. Paul wrote to Philemon, and his words were encouragement, and so it was. What does it teach us? When we are overwhelmed, or even in trouble, to do our best to obey his commands, it helps to maintain peace in the church. In turn, if we have peace with one another, it will help us to overcome the difficulties we face.

NEA YEBETUMI ASUA AFI ONESIMO HƆ

10 For we are all at times offenders, or speaking evil words: but if not, that which Onesimus did may help us.

8. What can help us to love our brothers and sisters, and to preach the gospel to them? (See also footnote.)

9. Why is Paul's encouraging letter to Philemon surprising?

10. What does Onesimus do to set things right with Philemon?

16 OWAN-ABAN

Let us settle our differences. What he did, you would say, was not hard, but it was often hard. He took notes, and made his own arrangements with Philemon. Onesimo knew that under Roman law, he must return to his master. So he traveled 1,400 kilometers (about 900 miles) to Philemon; he gave him a brief explanation. He should have been confident that, if he returned, he would become a slave again, and perhaps he would be forgiven for what he had done. It would have been hard for him to resist the decision. And what if he didn’t feel that he needed to be forgiven? But if he does not, let him go back to his master, and if he can, make peace with Philemon, because he also is a Christian.

11 When you do something to someone, forgive slowly and make up your minds. (Matt. 5:23-25) Yes, it may be difficult to forgive slowly, but if you do, you will find that it is very beneficial. First, forgive the offender in your heart. Then, listen to the offender, and let him know that you are sorry for him, and acknowledge him. Take note of your forgiveness. At the same time, do not use words that are directed at yourself or toward someone else. If you use words that are directed at yourself or toward someone else, it may indicate that your forgiveness is not in order. On the other hand, it may not make the statement sound or it may ruin it altogether. Forgiveness requires humility, but it often does not bring peace immediately.—Rom. 14:19.

NEA YEBETUMI ASUA AFI FILEMON HƆ

12 If anyone understands us, what Philemon did helps us to understand how we and Onesimus had a relationship. Look, did Philemon sin against Onesimus, and then forgive him? The Bible says so. But Paul was afraid that Philemon would do so. (Phil. 17, 21) Paul knew that Philemon had a name that would make it difficult for him to forgive Onesimus. What kind of name was that?

13 And Philemon was his brother. (Phil. 5) Philemon was his name, because his name was Philemon.

11. If we do something to someone, what can we do to make amends? (See also the chapter.)

12. Why is Paul confident that Philemon forgave Onesimus?

13. Why is love the most important quality? (Colossians 3:14)

Be patient with Onesimos; wait until you have surrendered yourself and your brother has reconciled with you (See paragraph 11)

Follow Philemon’s example; he was patient and helped to foster peace and unity in the church (See paragraph 15)

The word “love” means “forgiveness.” All members of the church knew that Philemon was a man of forgiveness; it was this kind of love that helped him forgive Onesimus. However, in his second letter to the Colossians, where Philemon belonged, Paul described love as “the goodness of the heart.” (Read Colossians 3:14.) This means that the most important quality of peace and unity is love. If we love our brethren dearly, it would be easy for us to forgive them their sins and to forgive them ourselves. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Now, let’s see why it was easy for Philemon to love his brethren.

14 Philemon was an asketic, so it was not surprising that he loved the elders. He made his house a meeting place for the church. (Phil. 2) Paul also made it clear that Philemon was an asketic, because he told him to prepare a place for him to stay. (Phil. 22) It is clear that Philemon’s asketicism made the elders happy and close to him.—Phil. 7.

15 If we imitate Philemon’s kindness, how will it help us to strengthen our love for the Lord? By showing kindness to our brothers and sisters, we show them that we value them. When we show kindness to those who are in difficulty, we show them that we value them. It helps us to remain in Jehovah’s congregation. When we see the family they came from, what they went through before they came to the truth, the difficulties they faced, and how they were treated, our love and support for them becomes greater. It also helps us to understand why Jehovah cares so much for his servants. (John 13:34, 35) 6:44) Therefore, if we acknowledge our faults, we love our brothers more, and have a good opinion of them. In turn, if they rebuke us, it helps us to forgive them.

16 Now, is it hard for you to forgive someone? Even if we love our brothers, sometimes it is not easy to forgive them. What can help us? Let’s look at Paul’s second letter to the church in Colosse, where Philemon also belonged. It is written in Colossians 3:13. (Read.) When this letter was read to the church at Philemon’s house, what did he think? When did his mind change?

14. Why can we say that only Philemon was a liar?

15. How does it help to increase our love for our brothers and sisters when we show them kindness? (See also the picture.)

16. How could Paul’s example of Philemon in Colossians 3:13 have worked?

18 AWON-ABAN

If so, then he knows what to do: He must go and forgive Onesimus. If it is difficult for us to forgive others, how can Paul’s example help us?

17 What does Paul mean when he says, “Take heed to your own hearts”? He is encouraging us to take heed to our brothers and sisters, even if they insult us. In the same passage, Paul emphasizes that because of Jehovah’s love for us, he graciously forgives our sins. Jehovah cares for us, so he does not tell us to do something we can’t do. He knows that he has mercy on us, but he doesn’t look at it, but at our goodness. (Dt. 103:13, 14; 130:3) Therefore, he will show us his love and his mercy. (Heb. 3:22, 23) If we see our brothers and sisters in the same way that Jehovah sees them, it will be encouraging for us to be kind to them, for we too, when we are kind and kind to our brothers and sisters, will be glad. For example, if we have a friend and we know that he or she is very nice, it will be encouraging for us to pour water on his or her weeds. And if our brothers and sisters are righteous, it will be encouraging for us to forgive them their sins and to pardon them if they forgive us.

18 Whatever you do to contribute to peace in the congregation is appreciated by Jehovah. Therefore, always look for opportunities to do so. Go to your neighbors and tell them the good news. It is good to forgive. If someone else is making an effort to make things right between you and them, forgive them. Also, strengthen your love for your brothers and sisters. If they do so, it will encourage you to give to them. Doing these things will help to preserve peace in the congregation. At the same time, “the righteous who will inherit the earth” will be your focus, and “your eyes will be fixed on many nations” forever.—Deuteronomy 37:11.

18. What would you like to do?

17. What does the Bible mean when it says ‘we will not be saved’?

LETTER TO PHILEMON 2: Philemon is the first letter Paul wrote to him when Onesimus and Tychicus were still there.

THE FAMILY OF MOSES...

the apostle Paul?

Onesimo ho?

Filemon ho?

DWOM 154 Truth Do

OCTOBER 26–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

‘You Have the Opportunity to Serve Jehovah,’ But You Don’t

DWOM 62 Dwom Foforo No

“Give us peace, that we may worship him in peace.”—Luke 1:69, 74.

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

It helps us to understand that the glory that Jehovah will give us should not be taken lightly, and that it is an opportunity, not a burden.

(Luke 1:57-66) Jehovah took Zechariah’s question seriously. Zechariah told him that the Messiah they had been waiting for would soon come. Therefore, Zechariah helped the people to change their minds, so that if they saw the Messiah, they would follow him. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) However, Zechariah did not speak only of what John would do.* This revelation will make it clear to us that Zechariah’s words were a prophecy, and that they apply to us today as well. His words will show us three things to which we should pay special attention. First, the blessings that Jehovah will give us. Second, the opportunity we have to serve Jehovah, and third, the ability we have to preach the gospel.

WHAT DOES JEHOVAH DO FOR YOU?

2. Read Luke 1:67-73. God has given His people the promise of life. But, who is He?

* See the Zechariah prophecy in the video entitled “My Name Is John.” It is in the first part of the The Word—What It Means in Jesus’ Life video. The best passage that addresses the prophecy is Luke 1:67.

1. What did Zechariah’s words refer to? 2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what gifts did Jehovah promise to give to his people? (b) Who was the “ruler with authority” referred to in Luke 1:69?

20

(Luke 1:69) The Messiah was to be “a mighty ruler.” The Jews of Zechariah’s day were looking forward to the Messiah’s coming. They also knew that he would be a descendant of Abraham and of King David’s family. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) So, why did Jehovah and Zechariah know about the coming “mighty ruler”? Because the Messiah was coming soon. He had already revealed to a virgin named Mary that Jesus would be the Messiah. (Luke 1:30-35) When Jesus was 30 years old when he was baptized, Jehovah filled him with the holy spirit as the appointed Messiah. It was at that time that Jehovah appointed him as his sovereign ruler. (Matt. 3:16, 17) It was amazing!

3 Why did the Jews need salvation? Zechariah said that they needed to be delivered ‘from the hand of their enemies and from the hand of all who oppressed them.’ (Luke 1:71) Does this mean that Jesus would deliver the Jews from the power of the Romans? Yes. Instead, they needed to be delivered from the power of Satan. For the pressure they were facing was Satan’s. (Heb. 2:14, 15) It was Satan who caused the Jews and all mankind to fall into sin and death. On the other hand, because the Jews could not obey the Law of Moses, they were cursed and therefore needed salvation. (Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13)

3. Why did the Jews celebrate Easter?

However, through Zechariah, Jehovah promised to “forgive their sins and restore them to life.”—Luke 1:77.

4 Why do we also need peace? Because sin and death have made us like the Jews. (Rom. 5:12) Moreover, the pressures we face, Satan and his demons, will increase. They want to persuade us to disobey Jehovah’s laws, and to separate ourselves from Jehovah. Not only that; they also threaten “those around us” to rise up against us. For all these reasons, we also need peace.

3:16; Matt. 20:28) The way Jesus taught his followers to worship Jehovah is the same way we try to worship him. But sin is in us, so if we worship Jehovah, he will forgive us. Because of the redemption, Jehovah forgives our sins and takes away our punishment. (1 John 3:16; 1 John 2:21; 1 John 2:22) The way Jesus taught his followers to worship Jehovah is the same way we try to worship him. But sin is in us, so if we worship Jehovah, he will forgive us. Because of the redemption, Jehovah forgives our sins and takes away our punishment. (1 John 3:16; Matt. 2:1, 2) This is how Jesus delivers us from sin, and gives us the hope of eternal life.

6 As death nears, Satan and his demons, and “those who surround us,” will be defeated by Jesus. How? From 1914, Jesus preached that

4. Why do we need him?

5. How did Jesus save us from sin?

6. What will King Jesus soon do for us? (See also the slide.)

AUGUST 2026 21

Peace that Jehovah will provide through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

(Luke 1:32, 33) Soon, he and his 144,000 followers, along with the archangels in heaven, will rule over the earth at Armageddon. Then, in the Seventh Resurrection, Jesus will raise the dead, and he and the 144,000 will help people to return to life. (John 5:28; Acts 22:1, 2) Only at the end of the Seventh Resurrection will we be freed from sin and death. (1 Cor. (Rev. 15:26, 55-57) Then, Satan, his devil, and anyone who follows Satan into the impending tribulation, Jesus and the 144,000, will be destroyed. (Rev. 20:7-10) Eventually, those who remain faithful to Jehovah will be able to worship him free from sin and death, and no one will rise against them. One of God’s “unlimited gifts” to us is the redemption of Christ through Jehovah. That gift is so precious to us that we will be thankful to Jehovah forever.—2 Cor.

THE LAWS OF GOD’S REPRESENTATION

7 See Luke 1:74, 75. Jehovah’s grace gives us the opportunity to serve him. Zechariah said it gives us ‘the opportunity to serve Jehovah without fear.’ What are some of the things we do to show that we serve Jehovah? Some of them include preaching the good news, praying, studying his Word, and attending class, national, and local meetings.

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what privilege did Jehovah grant to his people?

22 AWON-ABAN

8 What does the Bible mean when it says that we worship Jehovah “with fear”? First, we should not be afraid of death. Because we have the hope of eternal life, we should abstain from blood and worldly things. But, what we need more than anything else is to give ourselves up to please Jehovah. If those who have rejected us die soon—and we too—we should be afraid. We should continue to be faithful to Jehovah, knowing that, even if we die, Jesus will raise us to life again. (John 6:39, 40) Second, we should not be afraid that we are unworthy because Jehovah will support us. We know that Jehovah loves us and cares for us, and we are confident that because of Jesus’ sacrifice he will forgive our sins.—1 John 4:9, 10.

9 Some elders may find it difficult to acknowledge that Jehovah does not approve of the service they give him. Sometimes they feel that Jehovah cannot forgive them because of some hardship or trouble they have been through. Or, they may have done something wrong in the past that they seek Jehovah’s forgiveness for, and the elders help them, but they continue to think that Jehovah should have done it. If that’s how you feel, what can you do?

10 Let us consider an example. If a person thinks that the doctor is sick, perhaps the doctor will tell him what to do so that he will be able to work again. But if the person is afraid that he will not be able to work again, what should he do? He should take the doctor’s advice and do what the doctor tells him. The sick person can work again, even if he is a child.

11 Therefore, if you commit a sin that causes you to grieve, commit yourself to Jehovah. Because Jehovah loves you, he gives his Son to die for you, and because of his mercy and compassion, he forgives you. (John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Jehovah will tell you what you must do so that you may recover. That is, you will pray, learn, and go to school. (Deuteronomy 1:2; 1 Thessalonians 5:17; Hebrews 10:25) If someone is hurt, he will not recover immediately; it will take time. Similarly, if you do something wrong that makes you think that Jehovah is angry with you, it will take time for you to realize that Jehovah loves you. (Phil. 3:16) Also, as Jehovah strengthens you every time you serve Him in truth, so do you. We can all serve Christ, and we can serve Jehovah, if we only have the opportunity to serve Him in fear!

WHAT TO DO IF WE BREAK THE CONVENTION

12. Luke 1:76-79. As Zechariah was speaking, he said to his son, “Stand in the presence of the Lord and pray for him.” How did John the Baptist respond to this statement? He did so, preaching the gospel with courage. He told the Jews not to be afraid, not to be baptized, and not to believe in the Messiah who was to come.

8. What should we not fear?

9. Why is it important for brothers and sisters to worship?

10-11. What can we do if we feel that something we have done is causing us grief? Explain by using an illustration.

12. What did John the Baptist do to prepare the way for Jehovah? (Luke 1:76-79)

AUGUST 2026 23

If we respond positively to Jehovah’s commands and opportunities to worship, it will help us spread the good news (See paragraph 16.)

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

When John baptized Jesus, he told everyone that Jesus was Jehovah’s Messiah. He said: “Behold, the Son of God, he who takes away the sin of the world!” Then John told his followers to follow Jesus as the Messiah.—John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John assured him that Jesus was the Messiah, but that many others also had to believe. Why? Zechariah said to him that the Messiah would be “a short time.” That is, the birth of Jesus would change people’s minds and make them lose hope in salvation. However, the word had to be spoken to everyone, so John alone could not believe it. Then who else would believe the good news?

14 Jesus spoke of himself as the preacher of the good news. He and Zechariah spoke of him as “the one who would bring back to life those who were spiritually dead.” Jesus had great compassion for people who were being treated with contempt. He spoke to them of the comfort and hope of “Jehovah’s goodness.” (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) He also said: “The kingdom of heaven is at hand.” But he knew that the good news needed to be preached to many people. So he asked his disciples to preach the good news as well.—Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 For we also have a great opportunity to preach the gospel. Indeed, the redemptive sacrifice of Jesus, and the kingdom of God, must be grasped now more than ever. Why? Let us see what is coming. Soon, “the great tribulation from the beginning of the world” will begin.

13. In what way did the Messiah's children become "the bread of life" for God's people?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is it so important to preach the gospel today?

24 AWON-ABAN

(Matt. 24:21) At that time, many people will probably turn away from the gospel and worship Jehovah because they may refuse to hear it. Then, Jesus and the 144,000, and the heavenly assembly, will fight against all those who rebel against God, and take God’s worshippers to the fourth heaven. (Matt. 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) So it’s important that we dedicate ourselves to the gospel!—Matt. 24:14; Mar. 13:10.

16 Zechariah’s words in Luke 1:68-79 tell us the following five things. First, the glory that Jehovah will give us. Second, the opportunity we have to serve Jehovah. Fifth, the ability we have to preach the gospel. Do you accept Christ’s atoning sacrifice, and will you dedicate yourself to Jehovah?

16. What Do You Decide to Do? (See also footnote.)

Do you enjoy the opportunity to serve Jehovah? If so, let your heart and soul tell others about “the day of Jehovah’s wrath,” that is, the day when God’s Kingdom will destroy all our enemies and restore the earth to its former paradise. Therefore, anyone who loves God should call upon him and dedicate himself to ‘serving Jehovah in truth and righteousness with all his heart and soul.’—Luke 1:74, 75.

SECTION 24: On the first day, two sisters were preaching in the field. On the second day, a brother was witnessing at their house. On the sixth day, a sister was serving in a school, and witnessing the orderly arrangement of things in the school, she said that someone was doing the work.

LOOK AT LUKE 1:68-79, WHERE JESUS SAYS,...

What is it that Jehovah wants for us?

What right do we have because of Jesus’ redemption?

What are we?

DWOM 159 Make Jehovah Happy

ASETENAM NSƐM

Pumpuni No Adwene Baa Me So

STÉPHANE LANDEROIN ANOM ASƐM

I loved school, and I didn’t care about school, and I didn’t do anything. What I wanted was to put myself in a place where no one’s attention would be on me. I didn’t expect God’s attention to be on me. Why was I doing this?

I grew up in Paris, France. At that time, most people didn’t believe in God, so I didn’t believe in God either. But what I knew was that the world and everything in it was just the way it was. I learned this at school, and as many people did, I knew it was true. I had no doubt about it, so I didn’t do any research.

My parents disliked religion. They said that if God existed, there would not be so much suffering and sorrow in the world. I, on the other hand, because I saw that religion was evil, thought that it was wise not to believe in God. Even those who did not believe in God, I disliked.

But now I know that there is a Creator, and that He takes care of me even when I am distracted. What made me distracted, and what helped me to avoid my distractions, let me give it to you.

At the age of 19, I was assigned to a medical training camp. After that, I was sent to French Guiana in South America for a year. It was a beautiful place, but I was too young. I knew that in the future, this place would make my dreams come true.

When I was 20 years old, I went to Paris. Every night I worked from Monday to Friday, and from Friday to Sunday, I had to do a lot of work. But I had no joy, because any joy I had was in vain. My life was empty. I knew that poverty and injustice were the worst things in the world. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not alone. I knew that I was not

I grew up in Paris, France. In my family, there was no God.

26 OCTOBER

The wolves were destroying the farm near us, so I decided to go to South America.

METHODS THAT ARE USEFULL IN OUR LIFESTYLE

I went to French Guiana, where I lived for a while. It seemed to me that if I stayed in a place like that, I would be better off in the country. But I decided to return to my homeland. So I worked from Dwaada to Fiada; from Memen-da to Kwasiada, and from Makodidi to Dwaada.

At that time, someone gave me a Bible. I kept it closely; it seemed to me that a good picture would help me to speak better. But what I was celebrating, I kept it closely.

I had friends who also wanted to see what we were going to do in the world. They were gathered in a place called Nkabom. So they told me to stay with them.

When we were in the house, we were free; we could do whatever we wanted because there was no law to restrain us. We slept until the dawn before we got up, and when the dawn came, we went. We sang our hymns, and we danced. We looked carefully at the horses that were standing in front of us; everyone was there, and everyone had his own thing. We ate because we didn't want to kill the animals that were there. We followed the law that was there; if we looked to see if the law would help us or hurt us, we would do so.

The way we lived in the village, that’s how we wanted the world to be. Everyone was in charge of everyone else in our village, and everyone knew where his neighbors lived. But, you know that each of us was a mathematician and we tried to solve problems. So the problems that people faced in the world, some of them were in our village. Some lived in the village for a few days, some for a few weeks or a few months. But as for me, I lived there for two years.

When I was there, I saw that the earth gives us everything we need in abundance. At that time, I was like a sheep in a field. I was overwhelmed by the abundance. I asked myself, ‘Why does the earth give us so many things we need?’ When you look at the earth, it looks like a field.

A. There is a bridge in our village, and we call the village Nkabom

B. Bere a na mete kwae no mu no

A-M_BAR_French (Belgium)

B

I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong. I am not sure if I am right or wrong

I went to read the Bible. But at that time, I wanted to know what God wanted me to be. I prayed, and I interpreted the signs that I knew what they meant. Also, I wanted to know if the name of the Creator was Yah or not, since the song we were singing to him, and that name was used in the Bible.

MIBEHUU M’AGYA A NE YAM YE NO

When I look back on my life, as I prayed, it seemed to me that God saw that I wanted to meet Him. A friend of mine who was speaking to me about our relationship in the church, met Jehovah’s Witnesses, and took a copy of the book You Can Live Forever in a Paradise on Earth*. When I opened it, what I saw surprised me. When I saw that the earth would be a paradise and I could live there forever, my eyes were filled with joy. What I was looking for was to live where it is beautiful, and to live in peace with my family where there is no death.

* The Jehovah's Witnesses did not, but now they do.

"But my father wants me to be his slave, and I want to be his servant."

I knew that I had to be honest in my decision, but I needed help. So I told my friend who was there that I wanted to kill Michel. Michel was an idealist, and he liked my friend.

The day I met Michel, he asked me to go to a meeting in Matoury, near the capital of the country, Cayenne. It was 240 kilometers or 155 miles from Cayenne. It was a cold night, and I was in a small tent. I was wearing a multi-coloured t-shirt and shorts that were too short for me. But the brothers didn’t care about my condition, they helped me to go to the meeting, gave me a suitcase and a place to stay. He loved the joy that the Witnesses gave me and made me know that I knew the truth.

During that meeting, a brother taught 1 Timothy 5:8 in a native language. This second lesson also shows that a good father will provide for his children. I know that Jehovah works this principle, so he will provide for his children. He said to me that, if

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDONIA

I learned the truth in French Guiana, I was baptized in France, and now my wife and I serve in New Caledonia.

Our days are numbered

Merema speaks to a crowd of Chinese students, 2006

If I do what Jehovah wants in my life, I don’t have to worry because he is watching me. When I looked at how Michel lived, I knew for myself that this was true. What was most important to him was to do Jehovah’s will, but whatever happened, he was happy.

When I was reading the Bible, I realized that I had to be a sinner. I decided to stop drinking and smoking. Once I made that decision, I threw everything I was drinking and smoking away, and drank again in the morning. Then I went back to church. One day when I went to church, I told the man that he would meet me in the evening, and he met me at the Kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, I left my family in French Guiana and went back to France. I found a Kingdom Hall and went there, and I had someone take me to my Bible study. Although my prayers were answered, the way I was answering them was amazing. At that time, my parents were sick and tired, and we would go to church together again. But the way I was testifying to them and telling them my words, they didn’t care. Later, I realized that if I wanted to testify to them, I had to get out of my comfort zone and talk to them on the phone.

I was baptized in 1996. I prayed to Jehovah that I would become a missionary like Michel. I knew that was the best way to show my appreciation for what Jehovah had done for me.

MINYAA NHYIRA PII FII ME SORO AGYA NO HƆ

I was studying with a sister named Claudine. I noticed her dedication to the ministry and her attendance at the meetings, and her answers made it clear to me that she loved Jehovah. I decided to marry her, but I wanted to see first if Claudine was interested in the ministry. She was very interested, so we married in April 2000.

The next year, we both began the ministry. Later, we were asked to learn Mandarin to help a Chinese-speaking brother in our congregation. The language was too difficult for me. First, I had to try to speak like a Chinese. Second, I had to find a way to communicate the message to the Chinese so that they would enjoy it. The truth is, I knew Mandarin very well. I did everything I could. The way we and the Chinese-speaking brothers and sisters did the ministry for us made us happy. Jehovah has blessed us greatly. However long it takes, it is something that will help us in our future service to Jehovah.

AHAW AHOROƆ BI A MIHYIAE

Things didn’t always go the way I wanted. For example, my efforts to do my best for Jehovah and my brothers and sisters didn’t seem to be rewarding enough, so if I had to go to an event, I would take more time to prepare.

AUGUST 2026 | 29

We are currently in New Caledonia.

But most of the time, I let him do his thing, because that’s not how I thought it was going to be. (Rev. 7:16) It’s important to know that Jehovah is a loving Father who doesn’t expect us to do anything. Instead, he wants us to do everything we can.

When I was in Paris, I was appointed to serve as an international missionary. I didn’t know what to expect, and I didn’t have the resources to help people do this work. But you know, what we think we can’t do, Jehovah’s Holy Spirit can help us do better.

My worst worry is that since I was a child, I have had an illness that makes me very tired. My fingers are very tired. If I have to speak at a national or international conference and I am just a little tired, it ruins me. But when I pray to Jehovah for peace, it makes it go away. The pain is gone, but when I put my mind on Jehovah, it makes me stop completely and feel more tired.

In 2011, after ten years of praying, Jehovah answered one of our prayers. We became missionaries in New Caledonia. It is a remote island in the southwest Pacific. It is only 16,000 kilometres or 10,000 miles from Paris. The four-month assignment was very challenging. You had to carry four kinds of salt; sea salt, broth, and seaweed. Also, the way the people talked was very strange; if you asked someone a question, if they turned away from your answer, sometimes they would turn their backs on you and give you an answer.

Every time we get a new assignment, Jehovah helps us to do it. We serve as missionaries, and spend a few years working at Bethel. We attend the Kingdom Preaching School, and now we are in the country service. Each week that is given to us, we know that Jehovah has his holy spirit helping us. Jehovah tells us that, if we have a weakness, it doesn’t mean that he is giving us a job that will not work. So it is my prayer from my heart to him that he will help me and help me as much as I can. Even though I am standing in front of my own power, Jehovah helps me to be able to give encouragement and guidance to the people we teach.

Claudine followed me through all the troubles in our home. She is very proud of me. She is very passionate about the work we do, and she is determined to take every opportunity to testify to the people. She is not afraid of the dangers and the hardships that she encounters in the government work.

When I attended my first Sunday service, I saw that the Lord the Pump cares about his servants all the time. When I began my ministry in my hometown, I received many great blessings. Jehovah taught me that I must obey the elders and follow their instructions. I also had to surrender myself. Those with whom I lived in the same house were my friends, so that I could obey Jehovah’s instructions. Jehovah’s goodness toward the elders, however, exceeded what I had lost. Jehovah loved me and gave me a good marriage, and I look forward to a future where we will live in eternity, and where Jehovah will provide us with many good things.—Mar. 10:29, 30.

30 OCTOBER

SO WUNIM?

If not, how do you get to the top of the hill?

But the well was not just a place where people put gold into a well. It was a place where there was no custom, because there were always many people there. The well is mentioned several times in the Bible, and the Bible tells us about the things that happened there.

People gathered at the edge of a bridge. The Hebrew word translated “bridge” does not refer to a bridge over a river. It also refers to the edge of a bridge, but to a place where people could stand and pray. If there was a bridge, it was the edge of the bridge, and it was a place where crowds could gather.—Neh. 8:1.

People gathered things on the hill. The hill in Jerusalem was called the Great Hill and the Little Hill. The things that people gathered there may have led to the name being given to the hill.—Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

(Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Moreover, if the scribes violated the law and entered a cave where no one else was, they could leave the cave at the edge of the cave. (Acts 19:15-21) At the same time, people would go to the cave to gather information.—2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

When a matter came before them, they presented it in the presence of all the people, so that everyone might hear the testimony of the one who heard it. (Deuteronomy 21:18-20) Because they presented the matter so early, the judges were able to judge justly. If the judges missed a point, there were elders who watched over the execution of the decision immediately. (Deuteronomy 25:2) The judges who presented the matter at the top of the tower, and the judges who heard it at the bottom of the tower, were called “the elders.” (Deuteronomy 25:3)

The top of the hill was the place where the rituals were performed.

They watched to see that justice was done. They also watched to see that they themselves obeyed God, and they encouraged the people to do the same.—Deut. 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

(1 Kings 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu stood at the bridge and told the people that Jehovah had fulfilled his word against the house of Ahab. (2 Kings 10:8-10) King Hezekiah also stood at the bridge and encouraged his people to turn to Jehovah.—2 Kings 32:6-8.

The Bible says that “truth” sprouts and sets its roots “on the borders of the city.” (Prov. 1:20, 21) In the days of Israel, on the borders of the city, righteous men ruled the people and watched for justice. Today, we see Jehovah’s wisdom in the Bible, and his servants around the world encourage people to seek that wisdom in the Bible.

AUGUST 2026 31

Jehovah’s Witnesses August 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 8 TWI

WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS ARTICLE?

Study Topic October 5-11 | 2 Avoid Satan’s Deception—Focus on Jehovah and Jesus

Study Material October 12-18 | 8 Things You Can Do!

Study Topics October 19-25 | 14 “Love Me and I Will Love You”

Study Topic October 26–November 1 | 20 “Take the Opportunity to Serve Jehovah,” But Don’t Let It Take You Away

ASETENAM NSƐM | 26 Ɔbɔadeɛ Pumpuni No Adwene Baa Me So

SO WUNIM? | 31 {\displaystyle \scriptstyle {\frac {31}{}}} How do you get to the top of the tower?

BIBLE MU NOKWASƐM BI

Dua a Enyane Anɔpatutuutu

For about 30 days in the Bible, the people of Israel looked at the moon as if it were an apple tree. The moon grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew and grew.

In Jeremiah 7:25, Jehovah is described as “rising up in the morning.” The Watchtower of March 15, 2011, says: “Just as the ‘rising up’ of the ‘sun’, so it seemed that Jehovah would ‘rise up in the morning’... to warn his people of the consequences of their rebellion... Jehovah would not delay, but would ‘keep his eye on’ until his prophecy was fulfilled.”—Yer. 1:11, 12.

(Rev. 12:5) In addition, on the table that stood in the tabernacle of the covenant, the grains and the grains were placed in. Because the grains looked like the grains, it may have been this that led Jehovah to tell Bezalel to make the grains as the grains looked like the grains.—Ex. 37:17-20.

Don’t forget to donate. Jehovah’s Witnesses support the Bible teaching work around the world. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical references in this book are taken from the New World Translation, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website in Twi, or scan the QR code below.

JW.ORG

w26.08-TW