OCTOBER 2026

A WOMAN WHO WAS GOD’S CHOICE TO BE HIS WIFE

DATE AND TIME: DECEMBER 7, 2026-JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

LEADERSHIP

The January 1, 1926, issue of The Watchtower said, "God will vindicate his name, and he will raise some in prison as his witnesses."

In 1926, Jehovah sent Jesus Christ, the head of the church, to help Christians realize the importance of the work of preaching. “The true servant” therefore wrote a letter to God’s people, making changes in the way they held their meetings, and providing standards for all Christians. (Matt. 24:45) Jesus encouraged them to use their time and energy in the work of preaching.

WOMI EHE WITH TSAKEMIHI AND A PEE AS ASAFO KPE A HE

In April of that year, The Golden Age (now called Awake!) commissioned the production of a special issue entitled Deliverance. This issue would be part of the Studies in the Scriptures series, and the special issue would be the title for the film. In order to make it accessible to all, the brothers at Bethel produced a special issue of Deliverance, which could be printed in 22 copies in a single week. The Bible Students distributed the special issue to anyone who wanted it.

For many years, Bible Students studied Studies in the Scriptures at their meetings. But by the end of May, they were studying articles from the Watchtower. What was the reason for this change?

A member of the congregation wrote a letter to Brother Rutherford, stating, "Sir, we read the Bulletin as the congregation has appointed it to be read. We are glad that it is of interest to all of us, and we appreciate the changes it is making."

The “joyful work,” or change of heart, encouraged the Bible Students to make the work of preaching a priority in their lives. For example, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures suggests that the only way for a Christian to make a change of heart is not by showing joy and enthusiasm in teaching others, but by preaching. The New World Translation goes on to say, “Jehovah commands Christians to be his witnesses. Therefore, since all Christians love Jehovah, it is appropriate for them to make preaching a priority.”

“Sacrifice and Service,” one of the bulletin’s topics, illustrates how true Christians love to teach Jehovah by serving him truly. The bulletin’s topic encourages Bible Students to do everything in their power to dedicate themselves to spreading the good news.—Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

A few months later, the July 15, 1926, issue of The Watch Tower commented on a letter written by a man. He said: “The articles of the Watch Tower, which have been published in the last few days, have been very helpful to me.”

2 HYƐƆMI MƆ

We are very encouraged by this opportunity. Now, we don’t just read the Newsletters, but we also study the Scriptures.” He also said, “Everyone wants to answer questions at the congregation meetings, and that makes our congregation very lively.”

A PEE IS A WORLD THAT HAS TO BE SAVED FROM DISAPPEARANCE

At the end of May, the Bible Students held a meeting in London, England. At that time, all the printing works in Britain were on strike. As a result, the brothers at the Brooklyn Bethel brought over 117,000 letters and printed copies of The Standard for the People. They distributed it to all who attended the meeting.

On May 29, the brothers took the letter and began their work. The mandate for that week’s meeting read: “All the Bible Students who are coming to the meeting are to preach the good news of Jesus and the Kingdom. Therefore, take your time, and go to the Alexandra Palace, and the brothers there will tell you what you should do.”

More than 100,000 copies were received. The July 15, 1926, issue of The Watchtower said: “They all rejoiced greatly, for they felt that they were fulfilling Jehovah’s command to spread the good news.”

On the following day, Brother Rutherford delivered a grand address at the Royal Albert Hall, announcing what would happen to the missionaries of the day. Within a few hours, 13,000 people attended the meeting, and the address was broadcast throughout the building from multiple speakers.

In his statement, Brother Rutherford explained that these spirits were being strengthened because they were serving Jehovah and His Kingdom. Brother Rutherford went on to speak of the “Second Coming,” and pointed out that it was not going to be a disaster as had been claimed.

HE LEFT THE FAMILY TO GO TO INDIA

During the meeting in London, Brother Rutherford met Brother Edwin Skinner, who was a colporteur (now known as a missionary) in Sheffield, England. Brother Rutherford immediately sent a letter to Brother Edwin inviting him to visit him in London.

Brother Skinner said: “I knew for certain that he would send me to India. So I went to London with him, determined to accept whatever job he might offer me.” Indeed, that was what happened. Brother Rutherford asked him: “Would you like to go to India?” Brother Edwin replied: “Why would you?”

A. The Deliverance Book

B. Photograph of the Alexandra Palace in London

D. Photo of the Royal Albert Hall in London

DELIVERANCE!

A-M_BAR_English (United States)

B

D 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000

E. George Wright (later) and Edwin Skinner worked in India.

A. George Draper

E

A

Three months later, in July, Brother Edwin and his partner George Wright set off for India. Brother Edwin served as a church headquarters minister, overseeing missionary work in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India, and Persia (Iran). Brother Edwin had been in India for 64 years when he retired from his missionary service in 1990.

THE BOY WHO WAS SLAA KUUHI THE BOY WHO WAS IN THE MOVIE THAT WAS TSUMI

In the summer of 1894, the congregation appointed men to visit groups of Bible Students. In July 1926, the duties of these men, called pilgrims, were changed: now they visited the brothers for one day, but that year they visited them for two days, with the expectation of earning £100 a day.

Brother George Draper, one of the officers, wrote a letter to the congregation stating that it was in the best interests of all the brothers, and of the officers themselves, to do their utmost to warn others, but that if they could not do so, they should study the Watch Tower more closely. Brother Draper resigned his ministerial service in 1938.

NEW YORK CITY

An annual convention was held from October 14 to 18, 1926, in New York City. It produced the Motion Picture Production Code.

They agreed to publish a copy of Brother Rutherford's article, "Earth's Greatest Conflict Near," in their magazines. But as the meeting drew near, the film studios refused to publish it.

The brothers were determined to let people know what the filmmakers were going to do. On Sunday, October 15, R. J. Martin published an article entitled, Against the People. This article described the possible actions of the filmmakers. It also called for a statement from Brother Rutherford. Brother Martin said: “We filmed our letters with our own video cameras, and our brothers who work at Bethel would go out and distribute more than 1,250,000 copies, and then we would tell the brothers who come to the meeting to go and distribute the letters to those who are in need.” When the meeting was over, the brothers distributed the letters, and by the end of the day, they had distributed more than 300,000 copies.

When Hogg died, he insisted that the Deliverance be published as a single issue! Instead, the brothers received 3,783 copies of the Deliverance and donated 35,140 copies.

On October 17, 1914, at the 1914 World’s Fair held in New York City, Brother Rutherford delivered a speech in which he explained the purpose of the World’s Fair. At the end of his speech, he said, “The world will be filled with the glory of God, and with the glory of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, who is to be called the King of Kings.”

4 | HYƐƆMI MƆ

Judge Rutherford says S Judge Rutherford's Lecture Earth's Greatest Conflict Near Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 3 o'clock SEATS FREE NO COLLECTION International Bible Students Association

F

G

F. Adafi’s article on Brother Rutherford’s article “Earth’s Greatest Conflict Near”

G. Concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City in October 1926

and he was taller than any man who had ever stood on a rock at that time.

IT'S NOT LIKE ADAMS STREET

As a result of the widespread appreciation of our publications, the brothers who served at the Brooklyn Bethel found it necessary to find a more comfortable place where they could publish our publications. At first, they found a building on Concord Street, but that building was too small for them. So the brothers built a house on Adams Street, which they used as a temporary building. Instead, they planted a small vineyard there. This gave them a more comfortable place to publish their publications.

The building on Adams Street was to be demolished in 1927. As the congregation grew, this building would prove to be a great help. Soon after the beginning of 1927, the Bible Students were receiving so much support, and Jehovah’s Witnesses continued to take care of the congregation, that by the end of 1931, they were free to use the name Jehovah’s Witnesses.

The Sea House on Adams Street, Brooklyn, New York

OCTOBER 2026 5

DECEMBER 7-13, 2026

LESSON 46 Wa Naa Mo Si Yehowah

HOW TO BE FRIENDLY We need to find out how to be more open-minded and how to be more considerate of what others do to us.

Take Care of Those Who Are With Us

“Be gentle with those who are weak.”—COLOSENSES 3:15.

By the time John* was 95 years old, he was sick in a psychiatric ward and was watched over. Every day, if someone approached him or did anything to hurt him, John would say, “Do it.” Then he would write the person’s name on a notepad. Then, when he was ready to go to bed, he would ask the person who was watching him to help him and forgive him. When he forgives him, he prays for all those who helped him that day and looks to Jehovah for forgiveness. One of those who watched John said, “John may be weary, but he is still very joyful.” John’s experience reminds us that if we live our lives to the fullest, but show ourselves willing to tell others about what has been done to us, we will be very joyful.

2 It is a sad fact that nowadays, people are self-centered in their actions. The Bible warns that in the days of judgment, people will be self-centered. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) There are people who are self-centered in their actions. But there are others who think that it is wrong to be self-centered or self-centered. They think that people should do good to them. This means that they are self-centered.

3 Jehovah’s servants should be concerned about those in the world who have less understanding. The Apostle Paul encouraged us: “Behave yourselves as those who have less understanding.” (Col. 3:15) Therefore, when people do good to us, we ought to acknowledge them or do something to show our appreciation for what they have done to us.

* Name changed.

1. What did you learn from John’s story? (See also the pictures.)

2. How do people act today?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

6

When we exercise patience, our happiness increases (See Paragraph 1.)

Let’s consider these three questions: (1) Why should we live? (2) What can help us to rejoice in what we have? (3) What can we do to show that we know?

WHY IS IT NEEDED?

The Bible says: “All the days of a man are days of sorrow.” (Proverbs 15:15) Sometimes, we all face difficulties and we are overwhelmed. We may not be aware of all the difficulties that will come to us in this life, but we can help ourselves to cope with them. If we only think of the difficulties we face in this world, we will rejoice in all of them. If we do so, it is important that we do not lose sight of the good things that our Father loves in this life.

5 If we exercise confidence, we are more than victorious; and he that exercises confidence rejoices.

4. Why is it that if someone is wrong, it should please him?

5. Why are we encouraged when we exercise judgment?

Proverbs 15:15 says, “A merry-hearted man leads a merry-go-round.” A merry-hearted man makes good decisions in his life, and that makes him feel happy about his actions. When he does so, he brings his decisions to bear on the circumstances of his life, and that makes him very merry, and it seems to him that he is “leading a merry-go-round.”

6. See Philippians 4:6, 7. When we pray to Jehovah in our hearts, and when we look to him for what he does for us, we will be “happy.” Why can’t we say so? When we show hope, it makes us look forward to the future, and we base our decisions on what Jehovah will do for us. When we put away our doubts about how Jehovah will help us in the future, it will help us know that we have confidence that he will do the same for us in the future. This will make us happier. (Mat. 6:25-34) Therefore, when we pray to Jehovah in our hearts, and when we look to him for what he does for us, we will be “happy.” Why can’t we say so? When we show hope, it makes us look forward to the future, and we base our decisions on what Jehovah will do for us. When we put away our doubts about how Jehovah will help us in the future, it will help us know that we have confidence that he will do the same for us in the future. This will make us happier. (Mat. 6:25-34)

6. Why should we be disappointed if we show appreciation for what Jehovah has given us? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

OCTOBER 2026 | 7

Isaiah 33:6 "He is the stability of your times" ♡

Spend the day thinking about the things you learned during the day (Pages 9-10)

When we pray to Jehovah, he gives us “the peace of God.” This peace clears our hearts and minds, and makes us willing.

7 As we exercise our will, we are led to love Jehovah. All the good things that we have go to Jehovah. (Read James 1:17.) The good things that Jehovah has given us are the promise of our future. Why does Jehovah give us these good things? Not because we deserve them, but because of the love that Jehovah has for us and the good things that he does for us, we love him as our Father, and we devote ourselves to him.

WHAT SHOULD MAKE US APPRECIATE THE FRIENDSHIP JEHOVAH HAS WITH US?

8 Think about how Jehovah has helped you. For example, think about a difficult situation that you have faced. Perhaps a loved one has died, or you have lost a child, or you have been rejected because you wanted to serve Jehovah. But what has helped you? Perhaps it wasn’t you who had to deal with the difficult situation, but rather Jehovah. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) Thinking about how Jehovah has helped us will help us not to lose heart.—Psalm 103:2.

9 Think about how Jehovah is helping you now. The Bible encourages us to “think of all things.” (1 Thess. 5:18) Therefore, every day, think about the good things that make you happy. You can do this immediately, because it will help you to be happy during the day, or you can do it slowly while you are sleeping, because it will make your heart calm and you will not feel anxious. Or you can do it during your rest time during the day. (Acts 92:1, 2) Like John, who was described as a dreamer, you too cannot predict the things that happen in the day. How can you know the things that you cannot predict?

7. In what way does the exercise of our judgment strengthen our love for Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. Why is it important to consider how Jehovah has helped us in the past? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What good things does Jehovah give you every day that make you happy? (See also the picture.)

8 HNOOMI MAA

10 Instead, think about the good things Jehovah has done for you during the day in which you can see him. (Ps. 40:5) You can see him because he listens to your prayers. Or you can see him in a Bible reading that inspires you, or in a video you watch, or in a message you read on jw.org that touches your heart. (Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Also, think about the challenges Jehovah has given us, and let us rejoice in life. You can identify with him in the way that the rain is falling, in a rewarding activity that makes you happy, or in the kind of person that cares for you. All of us are grateful to Jehovah for these good things because he has given us “life and strength.” (Ex. 17:25) What other gifts has Jehovah given you today that you should want to keep?—Eph. 5:20.

11 Consider the blessings that come from caring for brothers and sisters who are united in love. (Psalm 133:1; Proverbs 18:24) Has a brother or sister ever shown you kindness or told you something that made you happy? (Proverbs 12:25; 16:24) If a brother or sister shows kindness or tells us something that makes us happy, we should appreciate it. For example, a brother whose son has died says that when he or she attends a congregation meeting, he or she feels very sorry for him or her. The brother whose son died said: “One day, a brother saw me walking astray while we were at dinner, so he came to me with a knife and attacked me, and he killed me with all the knives he had. This made the love I have for the brothers greater.”

11-12. What are some of the reasons why we should care for our brothers and sisters in need?

This makes us feel that we can take pride in everything that our brothers do for us.

12 Reflecting on the good things Jehovah has done for us and the good things he is doing for us now will help us to be grateful to him. But, as the example above shows, when people do good to us, we should either be grateful to them or reject it as an expression of our envy that they should do the same to us. So, what can we do to show that we envy all that Jehovah and others do for us?

WHAT SHOULD WE DO IF WE WANT TO STAY SAFE?

13 What should we do to show that we are humble? Consider the mother who used this opportunity. Today, the apostle Paul encourages us to be humble to those who are humble, saying: “Whatever you do, whether in word or in deed, do it in the name of the Lord Jesus, praying to God the Father.” (Col. 3:15, 17) We cannot use our words and our deeds to show that we are humble. In this verse, Paul is saying that it is important that we be humble to Jehovah. But Jehovah is also pleased when we show that we are humble in what we do. Therefore, let us consider how we can use our language and our actions to show that we do not know.

14 Use your mouth to show that you know what you are saying. If someone is rude to you, find out what is wrong with it. For example, if someone is rude to you or says that you shouldn’t be encouraged, accept it. Sometimes, you can do this by writing a letter to the person who is rude to you.

13. In what way should we show that we are right?

14. In what ways can we use our voice to express our grief? (See also the photos.)

OCTOBER 2026

9

How can I free myself from this burden?

(Figure 14)

(1 Thess. 5:12, 13) Sometimes, you may feel sorry for elders’ wives, because when their husbands do not listen to them, their husbands use their time to encourage and encourage the congregation. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) Sometimes, you may feel sorry for elders’ wives, because when their husbands do not listen to them, their husbands use their time to encourage and encourage the congregation. (1 Thess.

(Eph. 6:18) Every time we pray, we ask Jehovah to do something for us, or we ask him to help us. Perhaps we ask Jehovah to help us in our prayer, or to give us wisdom to overcome difficulties, or to bring our words to our ears. However, we should expect that Jehovah will do all the good things for us that he wants us to see him do. (Ps 95:2) Therefore, we should be careful not to make our prayers look like such things, but rather to see Jehovah’s way in what he does for us.

16 Show kindness. If someone does something to you of his own free will, show him that you are glad for what he has done to you. If you show kindness with your words, show that you are angry for what someone has done to you, and you will be glad too. (Proverbs 20:35) It also makes others happy, because they know that you care for them and love them. This is how there will be harmony among you.

17 There is one important thing we can do to show that we love all that Jehovah has done for us. What is that love? It is to “offer our bodies as sacrifices that please him.” (Read Romans 12:1.) This means that we will continue to use everything we have—our minds, our energy, and our lives—to do things that please Jehovah.

18 Because we desire all things that Jehovah will do

15. Why should we tell Jehovah when we are in trouble?

16. Why should we allow others to see our imperfections? 17. Why should we allow others to see our imperfections?

17-18. What can we do to show our appreciation for all that Jehovah has done for us? (Romans 12:1)

10 BUSINESS

For example, if we read the Bible and repent of our sins, if we preach the good news of the Kingdom of God to others, if we attend church meetings and answer questions from time to time, and if we use our preconceived ideas to help Jehovah’s church in its preaching work, Jehovah will be delighted. (Ps. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) When we serve Jehovah with all our being, we submit to everything he does for us.—Col. 3:23, 24.

19 It is true that nowadays all people do not think so, but we are in all kinds of troubles, and it is necessary for us to be cheerful. We know that when we are cheerful, we have great joy, and it gives us courage, and when we are sad, it makes us love Jehovah. When we think about what Jehovah has done for us, and what he is doing for us now, it will make us more cheerful. Therefore, let us pray that we will use our cheerfulness and our words so that others will see that we rejoice in what he does for us. Likewise, we want to be grateful to Jehovah for what he does for us. If we do so, we will be rewarded with the same gratitude now and in the future.—Ps. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19.Why did you decide not to take the test?

CHAPTER 7: John’s reflection on suffering. CHAPTER 8: When a brother is upset, he thinks of the good things that happened during the day. For example, he thinks of a mother who is angry and wants to be comforted.

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

■ Why do we need to die?

■ What will help us to be grateful for what we have?

■ What should we do to show that we are better?

LC 139 Make Him Like You in Your Heart

DECEMBER 14-20, 2026

LA 143 The One Who Was, The One Who Will Be, And The One Who Has Been

WHY DO WE NEED TO RELEAS? It will help us to rejoice in the opportunity we have to rely on Jehovah to help us overcome three major challenges facing us today.

O Jehovah Who Is So Good Today And So Good Tomorrow

“Then all men shall know that you are my disciples.”—JOHN 13:35.

Imagine that you were watching the Israelites at the Passover, and you saw Jehovah giving you two portions of the Passover and leaving you in the wilderness, and the taboo of Egypt was on you. How would you feel? You might be overjoyed. And imagine how you would be overjoyed if you were watching Jesus slay the serpents and burn the wilderness! These are just two of the many miracles that are described in the Bible. It might be that if a good-hearted person looked at these miracles today, he would see that Jehovah allowed them to happen. (Matt. 15:31) But these miracles happened in the past. Are there strange things going on in our time? Yes! Why can we say so?

2 Something extraordinary is something that no man can do or dream of doing in his life. It is something that only Jehovah can use his life to do. In this lesson, we will consider three extraordinary things that Jehovah is doing in his church today. They are truly extraordinary, because it is only Jehovah who makes them happen today. In each case, we will try to ‘work for Jehovah’ while he is making them happen.—Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

WHAT IF I DIE?

3 About 2,500 years later, the prophet Isaiah predicted that God’s people would be greatly esteemed in our day. (Read Isaiah 60:22.) Did that prediction come true? Consider this: In 1914, Jehovah’s present-day servants

1-2. (a) What are some of the paradoxical events described in the Bible? (b) What is paradoxical, and what will we consider in this lesson? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. In what ways can we say that Jehovah’s people will be “a thousand people”? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also the video.)

12

By the end of 1914, Jehovah’s servants were increasingly persecuted (Section 3)

June 2026 9,000,000

Jeha 1914 Maa pee 5,000

Today, Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 240 countries and territories. While some professions are more numerous than Jehovah’s Witnesses, the prophecy of Isaiah 60:22 regarding Jehovah’s people is likely to be fulfilled under our leadership. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. Jehovah’s Witnesses serve in more than 130 countries and territories. In fact, "no nyafii ɔ" translates to "no life."

4 There are also men that baptize babies, but they have no knowledge, because they baptize babies; but we baptize babies. Therefore we think it lawful for them that think themselves to keep the law of God, to keep the law of God among us, that we may keep ourselves pure, or that we may teach them that it is necessary to keep the law of God.

(1 Cor. 6:9-11) Once we have made these changes, we are ready for the spirit of conversion, and now we are spreading the good news among others so that they will also convert to serve Jehovah. Later, we committed ourselves to Jehovah, pledging to do his will in every aspect of our lives, and were baptized.—Matt. 28:19, 20. 28:19, 20.

5 Our way of following is difficult because Jehovah has called him to follow. Jesus said that if anyone wants to follow him, he will bless him. He said: “If anyone wants to follow me, let him deny himself, and put on his cross, and follow me.” (Matt. 16:24) This means that it is necessary for Jesus to be a disciple.

4. Why is it important for Jehovah’s servants to be obedient?

5. What did Jesus tell the disciples to look for?

OCTOBER 2026 13

He Mi Yami Ngɛ Yi Mi Wami Tsuo Se

During the Second World War, Jehovah’s Witnesses were not only persecuted, they were also encouraged to do so. One of the Nazi posters read: “If you support Jehovah’s Witnesses, you will be persecuted.”

Consider what happened in the Netherlands during the Holocaust. The 1986 Yearbook reported: “Although Jehovah’s Witnesses were arrested, imprisoned, sent to concentration camps, and some killed, within two years the number of prisoners doubled. In 1943, the number of prisoners in the Netherlands had risen to 1,379, the highest number ever recorded in the Holocaust.... Jehovah must have protected his chosen people during the worst of suffering.”

Jesus warned His followers to be careful not to lose their faith in Him. For example, He warned His followers to be careful not to betray their husbands and wives. (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also warned His followers to be careful not to betray their families. (John 16:2) Jesus also warned His followers not to allow infidelity to arise in their families.—Matt. 10:34-36.

6 And as Jesus had said, the multitude watched the disciples, to see if they would put him to death. And when he was come again to the sea, the magistrates sought to kill the disciples, that they might put him to death. And when they saw him, they brought him to the council, accusing him of the Jews. And the magistrates sought to put the disciples to death. But one of the Pharisees, named Gamaliel, said unto them, Do nothing unto these men, but take them away. For if this office or service be of men, it shall pass away: but if it be of God, ye shall endure it. If ye endure it, ye shall know that ye are in the presence of God.” (Acts 5:33, 34, 38, 39) The words of Gamaliel proved true. When it came to the preachers, the magistrates went on to punish them. But they did not endure the preachers, but many accepted the truth and became Christians. (Acts 6:7) Why did they endure them? Jehovah, however, would not forget his people, and he would preserve his sovereignty over them forever and ever.—Ex. 1:8.

7 Today, thousands of joyful Bible learners serve Jehovah in a spirit of devotion and faithfulness to their husbands, employees, and neighbors. Why did these earlier disciples ask to “put on [the] sackcloth”? (Matt. 16:24) They loved Jehovah and trusted that he would look after them. Therefore, Jehovah also gave them “the power beyond man’s power” to help them live. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) As their husbands and wives grow older, they see that the word of the psalmist is being fulfilled in their lives. He said: “If I call myself among you, Jehovah will call me.” (Acts 27:10) Indeed, it is a shocking statement.

6. Why did the disciples in the time of Jesus have a different attitude to life and death?

7. In what ways can Christians today learn from the example of the Christians who lived in the time of Jesus? (See also the section entitled “Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ.”)

14 BUSINESS

that many people are following Jesus today in the same way that they did in the past.

8 Whenever we obey Jehovah’s command to teach someone, we become one with Jehovah and Jesus so that something amazing happens. That is, Jehovah’s children who are in control. Jehovah and Jesus command us. Jesus promised us: “I am with you all these days and nights until the end of the age.” (Matt. 28:20) So, while we are praying, the angels command us and comfort us.—Rev. 14:6, 7.

ABOUT PEEMI AND NGƐ NYAKPƐ

9 The prophet Micah foretold one of the great challenges facing the people of God in our day. He foretold that there would be discord among the people of God. Jehovah used his holy spirit to inspire Micah and he predicted that Jehovah would teach men and women to distinguish between right and wrong, and that he would not allow there to be discord between them. (Read Micah 2:12.) This is a challenge facing the people of God today, although the people of God are in conflict, and although they are divided into different factions, they are united. He said: “How pleasant it is for brothers to live together in harmony!”—Psalm 133:1.

10 Now there is fellowship among us in many ways. For instance, we may be divided, but we learn the same thing in church meetings, in village meetings, and in district meetings. The brethren who are divided and speak different languages are united in the service of the church, and they are united in the service of Bethel. Indeed, let there be fellowship among us. Let there be no covenant, or money, or trusts, as it is in the world today. Consider this: Wherever we go in the world, our male brothers and sisters come to us in hopes of helping us, or encouraging us, to continue serving Jehovah. Throughout the world, Jehovah’s Witnesses hope that they will not let their thoughts differ from Jehovah’s thoughts, or that they will do things that will please Jehovah.

11 The conflicts that exist among us today are worse than the ones that exist in the world. The conflicts that exist among people in the world today. Every day, we hear stories of wars, riots, and violence. This shows how the conflicts that exist among people should be resolved. As the Bible says, people should be ‘true, serviceable, gentle, meek, humble, good-tempered, instructors, meek, and gentle.’ (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Though ‘the devil and his demons are in control of the whole world’, Jehovah’s people will be united in serving Jehovah. (1 John 5:19; Rev 12:9) Indeed, this is an amazing thing!

12 What can we do to foster friendship among Jehovah’s children? We should listen to Jehovah’s guidance and follow it. What we learn from the Bible encourages us to be gentle, to listen to our brothers, to console one another, and to rebuke one another. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) Whenever we are angry with a brother or sister, or whenever we think that we are sad, or whenever we think that we have something to say to a brother or sister, or whenever we think that we have something to say to a brother or sister, we should not be angry with our brother or sister.

8. What do we do to help ourselves in times of distress?

9-10. Is Micah 2:12 applicable today?

11. Why can we say that our mutual affection is a wonderful thing?

12. In what way can we help to strengthen the unity of Jehovah’s people?

OCTOBER 2026 15

God Shows His Loving Kindness to His Children (Chapter 14)

In other words, it means that we are united with Jehovah in dealing with the conflicts that are occurring among his people today.

SUMMARY AND CONCLUSION

13 Jesus taught His followers to love one another. (Read John 13:35.) Christians living in the time of the apostles showed this love in various ways. For example, they used their gifts to help those in need. (Acts 2:44, 45) They helped those in need. (Acts 12:5) They also helped the poor and needy. (James 1:27) Christians who lived in poverty contributed money to help others. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) A writer named Tertullian, who lived after the death of the apostles, cites a passage in a letter he wrote to them that some people used to criticize the Christians. The verse he quoted reads: ‘As he loved them, so he made himself ready to die for them.’

14 As the Christians in the days of the disciples did, so also the children of God ought to do.

13. In what ways did Christians living in the days of the apostles show love for their brethren? (John 13:35)

14. In what ways do God’s servants demonstrate love for one another today? (See also the pictures.)

1 Corinthians 10:13-14 says, “Therefore, brothers and sisters, we pray for you, that you may have the grace of God, and that you may receive the gift of the Holy Spirit, and that you may be filled with the knowledge of the truth. 1 Corinthians 10:14-15 says, “We pray for you, that you may have the grace of God, and that you may receive the gift of the Holy Spirit, and that you may be filled with the knowledge of the truth. 1 Corinthians 10:15-16 says, “We pray for you, that you may have the grace of God, and that you may receive the gift of the Holy Spirit, and that you may be filled with the knowledge of the truth. 1 Corinthians 10:16-17 says, “We pray for you, that you may receive the gift of the Holy Spirit, and that you may be filled with the knowledge of the truth. 1 Corinthians 10:17-18 says, “We pray for you, that you may have the grace of God, and that you may receive the gift of the Holy Spirit, and that you may be filled with the knowledge of the truth. 1 Corinthians 10:19-20 says, “We pray for you, that you may be filled with the Holy Spirit, and that you may be filled with the knowledge of the truth. 1 Corinthians 10:19-20 says, “We pray for you, that you may be filled with the Holy Spirit, and that you may be filled with the knowledge of the truth. 1 Corinthians 10:19-20 says, “We pray for you, that you may be filled with the Holy Spirit, and that you may be filled with the knowledge of the truth. 1 Corinthians 10:19-20 says, “We pray for you, that you may be filled with the Holy Spirit, and that you may be filled He says: “Rebuke the things that are evil, encourage the things that are good, and be compassionate toward all people.” (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah wants us to take care of our brothers and sisters who are living together as a family. These brothers and sisters are showing genuine love for one another and for children.

15 The love that exists among Jehovah’s children is wonderful, because they show this love in a world that is filled with hatred.

* To see this, watch the video “The One Who Walks Is Happy” on jw.org.

15. Why can we say that the love that exists between us is perfect?

16 BUSINESS

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus predicted that people in our day would be “selfish, money-loving, and lovers of worldly pleasures.” They would love God and “love their own children.” (Matt. 24:10, 12) Jesus also predicted that people would be self-disciplined and self-controlled. He also said, “The love of the Father is greater than the love of the son.” (Matt. 24:10, 12) If you look at the world, don’t you think that these things are still happening? But it is Jehovah’s power that makes his people show love to one another. Indeed, this is what is happening today!

16 We show love when we carefully listen to the good examples of others, and when we hope to show compassion to our brothers and sisters. (Mark. 9:50) When we continue to show compassion in our words and deeds, we show that we are God’s children. When we show compassion, we show that we are united with Jehovah in the struggle that is taking place among his children today.

TAKE CARE OF WHAT YOU EAT

17 The manner in which we show our love for one another in the church is a sign that Jehovah is doing great things in our time. It is true that some people are interfering in our ministry, but at the present time we are showing our love for one another. It is true that there is love in the world, but there must be love among us. It is also true that we live in a world in which people show their love for us, but the love we have for God and for our brothers and sisters proves that we are true Christians. (John 13:35) 13:34) We are not merely witnessing these shocking events, but we are “working for God.”—1 Cor. 3:9.

18 It is surprising that in a world of such adversity, Jehovah’s people continue to live in daily strife, rivalry, and love for one another. These are the adversities of our time. These adversities give us confidence that all that Jehovah has promised to do in the future will come to pass. (2 Pet. 3:13) Therefore, rejoice in the opportunity you have had to rely on Jehovah to help these adversities come to pass.

16. In what ways can we show our love for our brothers and sisters?

17. What certainty do you have that Jehovah is doing amazing things today?

18. What should we ask ourselves to do in the face of the shocking things that Jehovah is doing today?

YOU SHOULD NOT EXPECT THAT ANYONE WILL TAKE CARE OF YOU IF SOMETHING GOES WRONG, BUT...

■ our ability to take responsibility for our actions?

■ the relationships that exist between us?

■ the love that exists between us?

LA 154 Suɔmi Nɛ Ngɛ Daa

DECEMBER 21-27, 2026

STORY 135 Jehovah Says: “You Be, and I Will Be”

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

Good parents should encourage their children to serve Jehovah with devotion.

This Passion Makes Us Happy and Helps Us to Remain Loyal to Jehovah

“No man can stand on one foot, but when two stand on one foot, they cannot stand together.”—PHILIPPENSES 4:12.

Because we are Jehovah’s Witnesses, we all want to serve Jehovah faithfully. But sometimes it is difficult to do so, because the people in the world have no hope that we will serve Jehovah. Therefore, we need to be hopeful and not let the world influence us. One of the things that can be difficult for young people to understand is how the world works. For example, some young people think that the most important thing is not how many people they serve, but how they live. They think that the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and the stars and Some parents think that it is a bad thing to have a sick child, because they cannot take care of their children. But what about Jehovah and Jesus?

2 Jehovah wants us to have good friends to help us serve him faithfully. Jesus also loved those who loved Jehovah. When he was about to die, he told his followers who believed in him, “You are my friends.” This means that his followers are his friends. (Luke 22: 28; John 15:15) A good friend is one who helps one in both good and “bad” times. (Proverbs 17:17) Proverbs 4: 9-12* indicates that good friends will give us strength to do good and will cheer us up when we are sad. (Read.)

* It is true that we have to work with the mother when we are talking about the child, but in this case it is the mother who is giving birth to the child.

1. Are all human beings the same?

2. (a) Who was Jesus? (b) How do we benefit from the gift of wisdom described in Proverbs 4:9-12?

18

This will encourage us to serve Jehovah faithfully if it is necessary for us to do so. Therefore, if we choose to serve Jehovah with good intentions, we will rejoice in this life, and our descendants will live forever.

3 If you are young or old, how can good counselors help you to serve Jehovah faithfully? In what ways can your parents and those who love Jehovah help you to be good counselors? Let us consider the example of the prophet Daniel, and see what encouraged him to continue to do the right thing, and to turn his heart to Jehovah when he faced a difficult time. Let us also see how Daniel remained faithful to the counsel of Jehovah when he did as he was told.

HOW HOUSEHOLD CAN HELP YOU STAY WITH JEHOVAH

4 During Daniel’s time, God’s people were suffering a great tribulation. The Israelites in Judah turned away from serving the Lord, and the Lord turned away from them. Therefore, in the year 620 B.C., the Lord allowed King Nebuchadnezzar to attack the Jews. (Dan. 1:2) During this time, Daniel was a wise man. A few hundred years later, the Jews were taken away to Babylon, and Daniel’s family was also taken away. Then, Daniel was taken to the king’s house to be educated. (Dan. 1:3-6) This caused Daniel to turn away from serving the Lord, and he also became angry with his family.

5 What encouraged Daniel to remain faithful to Jehovah in Babylon? The Bible tells us that Daniel “did not lose heart” in observing God’s laws. (Dan. 1:8) How did Daniel learn these laws? What encouraged him before he made the decision to serve Jehovah as a young man? It seems that his parents helped him. It is very interesting that Daniel’s name is “God is my Savior.” This indicates that Daniel’s parents were confident that when Daniel was alive, he would serve Jehovah and follow his guidance.—Deuteronomy 6:6, 7.

1:2, 17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) It may be that the family of Daniel was related to the family of the scribes. It is not certain that Jeremiah and Daniel were related, but it seems that Daniel knew that Jeremiah was speaking the word of God. When Daniel was sick, he began to study the word that Jeremiah had foretold. (Yer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 12:1; 13:1; 14:1; 15:1; 16:1; 17:1; 18:1; 19:1; 20:1; 21:1; 22:1; 23:1; 24:1; 25:1; 26:1; 27:1; 28:1; 29:1; 30:1; 31:1; 32:1; 33:1; 34:1; 35:1; 36:1; 37:1; 38:1; 39:1; 40:1; 41:1; 42:1; 43:1; 44:1; 45:1; 46:1; 47:1; 48:1; 49:1; 50:1; 51:1; 52:1; 53:1; 54:1; 55:1; 56:1; 57:1; 58:1; 59:1; 60:1; 61:1; 62:1; 63:1; 64:1; 9:1, 2) Daniel learned from Jeremiah’s good example. Daniel saw that Jeremiah remained faithful to Jehovah, despite the fact that those who had given birth to him had been faithful to Jehovah.

7 We can safely say that Daniel’s parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah set a good example for Daniel. They encouraged him to be faithful to Jehovah.

8 Parents today can help their children to love Jehovah. In what ways? If a parent asks you: ‘Am I helping my children to love Jehovah?’ For example, if a parent says to his or her child, ‘Don’t do this,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,’ or ‘Don’t do that,

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. When Daniel was old, what did he encounter?

5-6. Who influenced Daniel to make the decision to serve Jehovah?

7-8. How can parents and elders in the congregation encourage young men and women to remain faithful to Jehovah?

OCTOBER 2026 19

How can I help my children to be true in their faith? How can I help my children to grow in their love for and trust in Jehovah? How can I help my children to grow in their love for and trust in Jehovah? At all times, encourage them to participate in Jehovah’s work, to help solve problems at church meetings, and to go to concerts. Just as Jeremiah was a good example for Daniel, so all of us who love Jehovah can be good examples for young men and women.

OUR HOME IS WHERE WE ARE AND WHERE WE WANT TO BE.

9 And when Daniel and the children of the Hebrews were carried away to Babylon, they prepared all the things that should be done unto them. And it came to pass, when they were come to Babylon, that the Babylonians sought to make them to do their work as the Babylonians did. And they trained these children to serve in the house of the king. But this training made them true to the LORD.

10 It seemed as if the only thing they were doing was a joke, but that was not the case. The king commanded Daniel and the other young men to do the king’s service, which was a service that the Law of Moses declared to be righteous. (Dan. 1:5, 8) Perhaps these young men thought that there was something wrong with doing the service, because they were in prison, and they could do it to their own pleasure. Also, they might have thought that if they did the service, the king would not be displeased.

9. What did Daniel and the other Hebrews decide to do?

10. What were the special tasks of the Hebrew women?

and that will make them righteous. What will these women do?

11 All the young men of Judah were trained in Babylon, but only eight of them are mentioned in the Bible as remaining faithful to Jehovah. They were Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. These eight men encouraged each other to remain faithful to Jehovah. They united to serve the king, and they remained faithful to Jehovah. Jehovah was very pleased with them.—Dan. 1:6-12, 17.

12 Men and women, do you sometimes feel that your fellow believers are trying to keep you from doing the right thing? If so, what can help you? Daniel and his fellow believers encouraged them to do the right thing. Therefore, pray with those who have been taught to do the right thing to keep the truth of Jehovah, and to make sure that the light of truth shines. (1 John 2:15-17) Good fellow believers can help you to do the right thing even “in the darkness,” and that will make Jehovah bless you and take care of you. (Luke 16:10) Being faithful in a “difficult time” will help you to be faithful in the face of adversity.

THE HOUSE PACKAGES ARE NECESSARY FOR YOU TO GET THE BEST OUT OF YOUR LIFE

13 The wise men may help the wicked, that they may escape the troubles that are in them. Consider the troubles of Daniel and his wise men, when the king Nebuchadnezzar was astonished at the dream that fell upon him. He desired to know the interpretation of the dream. Therefore the king commanded that they should be brought before him.

11. How did Daniel and his companions deal with their enemies? (See the audio on the end of the letter.)

12. What can be taught to young men and women today so that they can make it better?

13. What happened to Daniel and his companions?

20 HYƐƆMI MƆ

When they came, he told them to tell him the evil that he was doing, so that they might then show him the evil. But this was something that no man could do! (Dan. 2:3, 9-11) If they did so, they would be put to death. But they could show the evil of the king. Therefore, it grieved him that he ordered all the eunuchs in Babylon to be destroyed, including Daniel and his companions. But throughout the tribulation that followed, Daniel and his companions remained united.

14 Daniel went to the king and begged him to let him go to tell him his dream. Then Daniel returned to his men. The mother told us what to do. She said: “[Daniel] said to them that they should pray to the God of heaven that he would hear them concerning this matter, so that Daniel and his men would not be destroyed.” (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah answered their heartfelt prayer, and revealed Daniel’s dream and the reason for it. Daniel revealed the king’s dream and the reason for it. Therefore, they did not send anyone else, but Daniel and his men were sent to Babylon.—Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

14. How did Daniel and his companions deal with their enemies? (See pictures.)

15 We can learn some important lessons from this case. In particular, it is important that we keep our prayers to ourselves. Don’t let a letter be sent to us and don’t let our hearts be tempted. In other words, don’t tell others to pray for you about a problem you are having in prayer. (2 Cor. 1:11) Be inspired by the power of earnest prayer. Jehovah, the “Prayer’s Helper,” will help us to do what we think we can do. (Ps. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) As we serve Jehovah in this way, we can rely on him to strengthen us and help us overcome the challenges of life.—Read Galatians 6:2.

HOW TO BRING A LITTLE GIRL BACK TO SCHOOL

16 The LORD is my God, and he can help me in all my troubles, even if I am alone. Consider the example of Daniel. When he was 90 years old, he had a vision.

15. What can we learn from this? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What did Daniel face when he was old?

How did these men react to Daniel in the aftermath of their meeting? (paragraph 14)

Jehovah does not allow his people to die forever.

(Picture 18)

At that time, the Medes and Persians had conquered Babylon, and King Darius was in power. Some of the king's officials complained about Daniel, because he was a servant of the king. Therefore, they sought to kill him. The king issued a decree that no one should pray to any god except the king. But Daniel obeyed the decree, so he was taken and thrown into the dungeon. While Daniel was in the dungeon, it seemed that no one was crying out to him. But is it true that he is the only one there?—Dan. 6:4-16.

17 Daniel 6:19-23 describes the difficult way that Jehovah took to save Daniel. (Read.) Jehovah God, who is the God that no man should take a difficult way to save Daniel from the king’s hand. When the king went to the king’s face, Daniel spoke to him and said to him: “His God sent his angel and he came to the king’s hand,... because I have made myself a man before him.” (Dan. 6:22) When Daniel’s life was at the end, he continued to put his trust in his Lord, Jehovah, and this made him mourn.

17. As Daniel 6:19-23 indicates, how did the conflict between Daniel and Jehovah affect him?

18 Do you think that he cares only for you because of your hard work and your deeds? Maybe because of the work of the ministry, it will make you feel weary, or you yourself are hungry for something good, or maybe because of the fact that you will have a life or a job in Jehovah whom you are serving. In situations like these, you may think that there is no one to help you or help you. But do not think that you have a House that is everlasting, it is close to you. He is Jehovah. He knows everything that is in you, and he can not hide your hard work and he will help you wherever you are. 19 Do you think that you are alone because of your hard work and your deeds? Maybe because of the work of the ministry, it will make you feel weary, or you yourself are hungry for something good, or maybe because of the fact that you will have a life or a job in Jehovah whom you are serving. In situations like these, you may think that there is no one to help you or help you. But do not think that you have a House that is everlasting, it is close to you. He is Jehovah. He knows everything that is in you, and he cannot hide your hard work and he will help you wherever you are. (Ps 139:7-10) Therefore, be confident that Jehovah will see you and help you.

HOME TO NENEENE

19 It is important for us to have a good mind now. Why? Because it will help us to have a good mind while we wait for “the day of Jehovah.” Good mind gives us the strength to endure. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11.) Because we are waiting for “the end of all things,” we will not be afraid.

18. Why is it important for you to rely on Jehovah, and how can you do it? (See also the posters and the song, “Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God Is Our Home.”)

19. Why is it so important to have good husbands now? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 HYƐƆMI MƆ

For example, the apostle Peter said: “Love your neighbors exceedingly.”—1 Peter 4:7, 8.

20 Good friends are a blessing from Jehovah, and we need them now more than ever. Therefore, as Daniel did, you too should be friends with others. Look for people who are like Jeremiah, who can help you and who will strengthen you in your community, and associate with them. Choose those who will help you to continue to see the glory of Jehovah. Live in peace and tell others to pray for you when it is necessary. The best thing is to know that Jehovah is your friend and he will help you forever. (Heb. 13:5) If we all make Jehovah our husband, we can encourage ourselves to be faithful to him, and our husband’s offspring will live forever.

20. Who will you seek to entice, and what will happen if you entice with virtue?

WARNING: Daniel and his companions are counseling each other so that they will be able to overcome the difficulties they face, and continue to be faithful.

Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Home

Is it important to you to see Jehovah as a Father or a Father on whom you can rely? If so, make sure you do the following every day to help you rely on Jehovah.

• Pray: Pray to Jehovah in silence, because he wants to help you.

• Learn about Jehovah: Ask Jehovah to guide your Bible reading and study. Learn about Jehovah in depth so that you know who He is, what He does, and how He works.

• Let Yourself Go: Recognize that it’s not always possible to have complete confidence in someone, and to have a relationship with them. You can’t be sure that Jehovah wants you to have a relationship with him.

To learn more, see the article entitled “What Should I Give That Will Please God?” on jw.org.

THE BLOOD OF THE HOUSE OF KPAKPAHI WE MUST BRING...

■ What should be done to solve the problem?

■ so that we can live with the fears that are in our hearts?

■Why is it that we eat the same food every day?

LA 161 O Suɔmi Nya Ní Lɛ Ma Pee

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

LA 162

Ma Kase Mawu He Ní Daa

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

This opportunity will help us to look at Mother’s Day at all times, and the way in which we should do so.

Mo Susu Ngmami ɔ He Daa Ligbi

“They burned all their thoughts on the word, and all day long they worshiped the Mother.”—NIV. 17:11.

In 1905, Jehovah’s Witnesses produced a periodical entitled The Daily Heavenly Manna for the Household of Faith, which included the day-to-day Manna and a message from the Manna in Zion’s Watch Tower. This encouraged the brothers to pray to the Manna every day and to wear their garments throughout the year. Jehovah’s Witnesses continued to use this periodical until 1927. In the following year, they published a Year Book with an article about Mother in the Daily Watch and the Newsletter.* This Year Book is published every year, and the articles about Mother in the Daily Watch and the Newsletter are included in it, so that the brothers and sisters can learn about Mother and reflect on her every day.

2 In 1986, Jehovah’s Witnesses published a book entitled My Father’s Bible Study. The book is now available in more than 300 languages. You can also access the Bible Study in the JW Library app, the Watch Tower ONLINE LIBRARY (wol.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

3 Since we are going to be sick, it may be helpful for us to think of our mother day and night. So, in this lesson, we will consider three questions. (1) What Bible examples can help us think of our mother day and night? (2) Why should we think of our mother day and night? and (3) How can we think of our mother day and night so that we will have more success?

* There are days when the Year Book is copied, but every day, the day's reading and its instruction is sent to the Daily Bulletin so that the brothers can read it.

1-2. (a) What publications did Jehovah’s people produce in the past, and why? (b) How can we see the light of the day today?

3. Why is it important for us to observe the daylight observance at all times, and what will we consider in this lesson?

24

THE BIBLE’S VIEWPOINT ON THE PROBLEM

4 The mothers who used this method of teaching show that the Beroeans and the apostle Paul wanted to teach them the truth of the Bible. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Beroeans were urging Paul to be quiet, but they were “burning to the word” and wanted to learn more. Therefore, the Bible describes them as “thoughtful and discerning.” Because they applied what Paul was teaching them to what they had learned from the mother, they knew that what Paul was teaching them was true. We can also be sure that what we are taught at church, district, and national meetings is true, because we refer to our Bible and follow the speaker as he or she speaks.

5 The Beroeans “thought that the Gentiles were wise.” (Acts 17:12) But it surprised them that some of the Jews who had been with Paul in Thessalonica came to Beroea and told the Jews about Paul. Therefore, the Gentiles who were with them encouraged the Christians. (Acts 17:13) But these Christians were encouraged. Because they were studying the Word of God daily, they had confidence that they would know the truth. Therefore, they should be firm in the truth. If we also study the Word of God daily, it will strengthen us to overcome the difficulties that we encounter daily in this life.

WHY DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT GOD?

6 Therefore let the prayer that we pray daily comfort us, that we may make good judgments,

4. What did the Beroeans do when Paul instructed them? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did the Beroeans learn about the Mother of God?

6. Why should we think of our mother every day? (See the section entitled “Bible-Based Reasons to Love God Every Day.”)

What the Bible Says About God’s Will for Life

• The Law of Moses required daily sacrifices.—Exodus 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah commanded Joshua to pray to the Lord “three times a day.”—Josh. 1:8.

• Jehovah commanded the women of Israel to recite the words of the Law every day.—Deuteronomy 17:18-20.

• The Apostle encourages us to take pleasure in the reading of God’s Word and to put off our desires for “good and pleasant things.”—Acts 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed three times a day.—Dan. 6:10.

• The book of Revelation describes a church whose members serve God in a righteous way “with joy and joyousness.”—Rev. 7:15.

Jehovah and his service. Because Jehovah is our God, he wants us to serve him day and night. He loves us, and he wants us to have eternal life. (John 3:16) Examples from the Bible show us that when we serve Jehovah day and night, he is pleased. The brothers all say that when they think of their mother day and night, that is why they spend time praying, reading the Bible, and reflecting on what they have learned.

7 If we think of Mother all day long, we will be actively working with her. (Read Ephesians 5:15, 16.) Our minds will be strengthened when we take time every day to think about how our loving heavenly Father, Jehovah, thinks.

7-8. What are some of the reasons why we should think of our mother daily? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

OCTOBER 2026

25

This is the way that we can go on so that every day, we will be working hard.

8 Our daily thoughts on Mother will strengthen us to deal with the worries we face every day. Jesus said, “Every day has its worries.” (Matt. 6:34) As Jesus said, we face our worries every day. But in contrast to our mother, Jesus gives us the assurance that Jehovah knows all our worries and needs. (Matt. 6:25-32) Our daily thoughts on Mother will help us to make decisions based on our own judgment, and not on the strength of Jehovah’s help. (Ps. 68:19; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7) For example, a 19-year-old brother was being criticized for a crime he had committed. He was unsure whether Jehovah would take his word or kill him. He prayed and asked Jehovah to speak to him and to give him confidence that he would take his word. Then he listened to the day’s guide. That day’s guide was Psalm 86:5, which reads: “O Jehovah, thou art good, and long-suffering; thy loving-kindness is everlasting toward them that call upon thee.” The young man said: “Now I have found comfort, and my heart is meek. I am so glad that Jehovah has given me the strength to take up the challenge. This encourages me to think of my mother every day.”

9 Every month, the Watch Tower reminds us to “put our trust in Jehovah” in times of trouble. (Proverbs 3:5, 6) For example, during the Russian-Ukrainian war, the Watch Tower quoted Isaiah 30:15. It says: “Unless you put your trust in me, you will not be saved.”

For example, a brother named Eduard says: “Today my mother is like a cheerful, comforting bed. My wife and I listened to her advice, and then we prayed. This mother encouraged us to look forward to our future.” A brother named Svitlana says: “Isaiah 30:15 has been a great mother for us. We have learned to think of this mother more often, especially in times of war.”

10 The reason why we should meditate on the Law every day is that it will help us to be faithful to the Lord. It will help us to be faithful to those with whom we live and to those with whom we work, and it will help us to teach the truth to others, and it will help us to be faithful to the Law. When the Lord asked Joshua to lead the Israelites out of Egypt, the Lord told him three times that he should meditate on the Law. In order for Joshua to meditate on the Law, the Lord again commanded him to read the Law every day. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) That means that if we also dedicate ourselves to daily prayer and Bible study, it will help us to remain faithful to Jehovah.

11 It is God’s will that we should think of the day-to-day to help us to be living Christians. For example, Paul encouraged Timothy, who was a young man, to follow him in word, in gentleness, in love, in meekness, and in self-control. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) Thinking of the day-to-day helps us to see what we can do to be living Christians.

9. How will Mother’s Day help our brothers and sisters in Ukraine?

10. Why are we afraid, and what can we do to increase our fear? (Joshua 1:6-9) (See also the pictures.)

11. If we think of our mother every day, how will she respond to us?

26 BUSINESS

Prayer to Mother every day will help us to cope with stress (Paragraph 10)

A Christian who lives a spiritual life is one who thinks as Jehovah thinks, and who has a strong hope of pleasing Jehovah. Therefore, he has a strong hope of living a righteous life in accordance with Jehovah’s laws.—Rom. 8:5, 6.

12 When we think of our mother every day, we will rejoice in all the work that the church may put on us in the future. There are great tasks in the church of Jehovah today. Therefore, the church of Jehovah is looking for men and women who are willing to take on these tasks. We are looking for men and women who will serve as guides, as evangelists, who will serve in Bethel or in the teaching of the Bible in Bethel, and who will help the church in its work. However, we also need qualified men to serve as ministers, elders, and overseers. Jehovah wants men who are able to discern, who know how to apply Bible principles, and who are able to lead in his congregation. (Deuteronomy 1:13-15) If we think of our mothers every day, we will be encouraged to have a good relationship with Jehovah. This will give us the confidence we need to be prepared for all the responsibilities that will be placed on us in the future.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT CHRIST?

13 How do you plan a breastfeeding day? If the Bethel family who is breastfeeding has to work during the day, they are concerned about the breastfeeding day. But if they do, they pray earnestly. You too can pray earnestly and ask Jehovah to help you to have a breastfeeding day and to succeed in the breastfeeding day. (James 1:5) When you pray, listen to the breastfeeding day and to my instruction. Then, you can ask yourself these questions: ‘How can the breastfeeding day help me to improve my breastfeeding? What can I learn about Jehovah that will help me to rely on him? How can my mom help me to cope with the challenges of the day?’

12. What kinds of duties should male brethren perform in the church, and what can we do to prepare ourselves for these duties?

13. What are some books that may help you in your day-to-day parenting?

OCTOBER 2026 27

What can help you to keep your judgment steadfast during your day-to-day ministry? (Paragraph 18)

(Rom. 1:12) Some brothers and sisters have decided to devote one or two hours of the day to prayer, so that they may not be distracted, or so that they may be able to meditate throughout the day.

14 The following guidelines will help you to learn more about the Day of Judgment. (1) Remember the most important things in the Newsletter teaching, and apply your mind to them. (2) Listen to the passages that are mentioned in my teaching. (3) Listen to the entire Day of Judgment where it is being taught, and take it to heart. (4) Use Jehovah’s Witnesses’ Day of Judgment Search Tool to search for information about the Day of Judgment. (5) Download the Daily Bible Study Bible and read some of its passages. If you are viewing the Bible Study Bible on your phone or tablet, you can click on the Bible Study Bible link at the bottom of the Bible Study Bible. *

* A diary refers to the days and months in which the diary is made. It also refers to the days, months, and years in which the diary is made.

14-15. What else can we do, and what will help us to keep what we learn as we study the Bible daily?

15 A 19-year-old brother named Mackenzie describes what he learns from reading the Daily Bible. “Even if I spend only a few minutes watching the Daily Bible,” he says, “it helps me to put my mind at rest and read the Daily Bible and think about it. It helps me to remember what I’ve learned.”

16 Why should you watch Mother’s Day? Consider what’s best for you and your family. For example, some people watch Mother’s Day when they’re at work or when they’re driving, or when they’re taking their children to school. In order to discourage people from watching Mother’s Day, the Mother’s Day banner is displayed as long as it’s legal. But if you’re watching Mother’s Day on a busy day, you may want to watch Mother’s Day on a quieter time during the day.

17 Why is it important to set aside time to meditate on the Lord’s Day? If we do, we will be less likely to become ill. A brother named John, who is 16 years old, says: “If you observe the Lord’s Day and don’t think about it as something that’s going to happen in the future, you’ll find that it’s a good thing to do.

16. What would you do if you could see the sun in the middle of the day?

17-18. Why do we need to set aside time to study the Bible every day, and what will help us to do so? (See also the pictures.)

28 HYƐƆMI MƆ

A brother named Sierra, who is 25, said: “I was hoping that I would be able to think of my day-to-day mother when I was on the sea, so that I wouldn’t have to worry about things.” And a brother named Rogelio, who is 21, said: “So that I wouldn’t have to worry about my day-to-day mother, I set the alarm on my phone so that it would wake me up every day.”

18 If you’re thinking about your day-to-day mother, make sure that you don’t let the things you’ve been told to do influence your decision. A sister named Isabelle, who is 19, says: “You’re hoping that you’ll do something good or wear something good in your life so that you can think about your day-to-day mother. If you think you’re seeing positive changes in your life while you’re nursing, take the My Nursing Day Book and print it out.” A sister named Olivia, who is 19, says: “One of the things that makes me feel good is to be able to talk to my husband or wife about nursing. If there’s someone who doesn’t care about you or your nursing day, it makes me feel good.”

PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLE

19 Parents, if you give your children the opportunity to think about their mother day and night, she will encourage them to do the same. It may be that your children are too young to remember everything. If that is the case, consider this task. A young child may grow up to be a stubborn child if he has to think about his mother day and night. In the same way, if you and your children give your children the opportunity to think about your mother and her teachings day and night, they will develop a strong bond with Jehovah as they grow up.—Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: “Bread alone does not enter into a man’s life, but every word that comes from the mouth of Jehovah.” (Matt. 4:4) Just as we hope to devote ourselves to our daily tasks, we should devote even one hour of our day to speaking about the Lord or to studying the Bible, because our life depends on it!

19. Why is it important for children to learn how to look after their mothers day and night? (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20. How will the Word of God, which we study daily, help us?

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

■ What are some of the reasons why we should think of the mother every day?

■ In what way should we approach the mother’s milk every day so that we have more success?

■ What are some of the tools in this course that will help you when you are thinking about daycare?

LESSON 94 Be Faithful to God’s Word

Mo Ha Nɛ O Hemi Kɛ Yemi ɔ Mi Nɛ Wa

WHEN Jehovah’s Witnesses study the Bible with you, why can you be confident that you are “eating and drinking” with them in the way that Jehovah wants them to? (Eph. 4:4-6) Do you revere Jehovah’s people because of the love that exists between them? Or do you rejoice in them because of their kindness? Indeed, many people want to belong to Jehovah’s congregation because we make them feel safe, and because we show them pure love, and that is what it should be. Therefore, the love we show and the goodness of our conduct are what distinguishes us as true Christians.—John 13:35; 1 Pet. 2:12.

But suppose that a brother offends you, or that he uses his love to correct you in some way. Or that a brother commits a sin that provokes anger, as the apostle Paul described in the church at Corinth? (1 Cor. 5:1) If your communion is broken because of the manner in which others conduct themselves and because of your own feelings, then your communion is broken. So, what can help you to keep your communion in good order?

WHAT SHOULD I DO IF IT HAPPEN?

As you continue to ponder the Bible teachings that you have learned, and as you grow in confidence that they are true, your marriage will be strengthened. The following is an example of this.

Eventually, all of Jesus’ followers rejected his expulsion. Jesus’ words that they should not hear him and eat his flesh made them angry, and he said: “This is the word that they are eating and drinking.” What Jesus said struck them hard, so he rejected his expulsion.—John 6:56-60, 66.

Then Jesus asks the two disciples: “Do you also want to eat?” Simon Peter answers him: “Lord, with whom shall we eat? You are the bread of life. We have tasted it, and we know that you are the Son of God.”—John 6:67-69.

Why were Peter and the other angels concerned about those whose hearts had fallen? Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Peter and the other angels were concerned about those whose hearts had fallen. Therefore, because they were hungry and thirsty, they asked Jesus to cast them out, but some of them were angry and asked Jesus not to cast them out.

What can we learn from this story? What we learn and what we know is more important than what we think. Why? Because what the Bible teaches about God’s name, His attributes, and the vision we learn in the Bible will never change. But our minds will never change. For example, people’s actions or words can make us cheerful, or they can make us sad, or they can make us angry, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us cry, or they can make us smile, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us cry, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us laugh, or they can make us la

30 HYƐƆMI MƆ

But these little things will not change what the Bible teaches. Therefore, if we believe that the Bible teachers are true, and we are confident that what Jehovah's church teaches us is also true, then we should not let the little things of other people offend our hearts, and we should not disregard Jehovah's service.

Indeed, our love for one another and for our brothers and sisters gives us great joy, and Jehovah wants us to rejoice. But even when our joy is dampened, we can preserve our joy by remaining firm in our belief in the truth of the Bible. If we do so, it will help us to remain firm in our belief that we love those who serve Jehovah in the way he approves, whether they have sinned against us or against ourselves.

As we study the Bible continually, we will be assured of the truths we are learning. It will also help us to be confident that we are serving Jehovah in the right way, and it will help us to be patient. If we are, we will be more careful in our conversations, and we will be less likely to be offended by the words or actions of others.—Psalm 16:8; see the section entitled, “Go and Speak and Speak.”

If you eat and drink in the way that others eat and drink, and you feel the way that others feel, it means that you are eating and drinking in an unhealthy way.

Yaa Nɔ Nɛ O Nyɛɛ Blɔ Nɛ Da a Nɔ

Imagine that you are going on a cruise to a very beautiful place. It is true that the journey is long, but it is also true that while you are on the cruise, you will be delighted.

It may be that while you are on the road, some people will do things that will upset you. It may be that they will cry loudly while you are on the road, or it may be that they will quarrel with someone. It is not that these things will happen while you are on the road, but it does mean that the road you are on is good for you. The only thing you need to do is to walk away when the road is going where you are going.

The same is true of our journey. We all have a long way to go in Jehovah’s holy land, and we rejoice in the fact that we belong to Jehovah’s one church. Sometimes, however, our brothers and sisters may do something that upsets us, or perhaps a brother or sister we value may commit a sin that makes us feel guilty. But whatever happens, we should remember that we all belong to Jehovah’s one church, and that it is like walking in his holy land with us. If we are confident that the truths we are learning in the Bible are true, and if we have the confidence that Jehovah’s church will continue to teach us those truths, we will continue to walk the right path, and our faith will grow.

A WOMAN WHO WAS GOD’S CHOICE TO BE HIS WIFE

October 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 11 DANGME

MUNYUHI AND NGƐ MI

1926—Seeing the Future | 2

Week in Review: December 7-13 | 6 Reasons Why You Should Care About Those in Need

Bible Study Topics for December 14-20 | 12 Jehovah’s Reasonableness Today and His Reasonableness Tomorrow

Week in Review: December 21-27 | 18 Reasons Why We Should Be Happy and Devote Ourselves to Jehovah

Places to Study December 28–January 3 | 24 Mo Susu Ngmami ɔ Hedaa Ligbi

Mo Ha Nɛ O Hemi Kɛ Yemi ɔ Mi Nɛ Wa | 30

NÍHI A SI KPAMI

Jehovah Loves Us for Who We Are and What We Do

Emma worked three days a week in a hotel, and she and her brother worked one day a week. One day, she asked her supervisor to let her work one day a week so she could attend the regional meeting. Emma’s supervisor agreed to her request, but told Emma that if she left the day off, she would only work one day a week. He explained that if Emma did so, she would enjoy the job. But Emma turned her heart to Jehovah, and she wanted to enjoy the job, so she went to the regional meeting.

When Emma realized that she was looking for a job, she went to the hotel manager there. When she told the manager what was going on, the manager promised her that she would not take the job for her. But two weeks later, he told Emma that he had fired her from the job. However, Emma met the hotel manager again, and when he told him what had happened, he was very upset that the manager had taken his advice and fired Emma from the job. Therefore, he took the job for her, and gave Emma a better job. At this time, she would only work one day a week, but she was eager to work every day. This was a great challenge for Emma, because she would have to combine her volunteer work with other tasks in the service of Jehovah. Jehovah did more for her than she had expected.

These donations are voluntary. They are made to support the work of Bible education, and they are made on a voluntary basis. If you would like to make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

The terms listed below are taken from The Clear Mother—The True Motherhood. If we use a different motherhood in a context, we will indicate it.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit jw.org, or scan this QR code

JW.ORG

w26.10-DG