JUNE 2026

THE WORLD IS GOD'S WORLD

WEBSITE VIEWED: AUGUST 10–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

EDWARD 122 Go, Go, Go!

This phrase will help us understand that we can remain faithful to Jehovah regardless of the challenges of faith we may face.

How We Remember the Truth When We're Sober

“God, where are we going? This is the word of eternal life.”—EPHESIANS 6:68.

WHEN Jesus taught his disciples in Capernaum, he said: “Except you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life.” He also said, “Everyone who eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day.” (John 6:53, 54) When he said this, some of the disciples said, “This is the end; when will this happen?”—John 6:60.

2 The people who were angry at Jesus’ words knew Him again. Would they know Him again because of their lack of faith? No! Before they heard this, some of these people and Jesus’ disciples were amazed at what Jesus said and said, “Truly, this is the Savior who is coming into the world.” (John 6:14) And it seems that these disciples had little faith in Jesus. But when they confessed their faith, they were not truthful.

3 But the apostles did not. When Jesus asked them if they also wished to go, Peter answered him, “Lord, to whom shall we go? This is the word of eternal life. And we have seen and know that you are the Christ—

1-2. When Jesus was teaching in Capernaum, what did He see? 3. What did the apostles do about what Jesus said, and why? (See also the illustration.)

2

Many of the magistrates knew Jesus again, but Peter and the other apostles continued to hide Him.

(See Figure 3)

(John 6:67-69) Remember that Peter and the other apostles fully believed Jesus when He said they must eat His flesh and drink His blood. They did not, however, decide to return and be faithful to Jesus. Why did they make that decision? Because they fully believed that Jesus was “the Christ of God.”—Luke 9:20, 35.

4 Many things can weaken our loyalty to Jehovah. Some of these things include: When there is a change in the way we attend a Bible study or in the way we conduct our ministry. Or, when we do not understand why Jehovah allowed us to go into a vision. Or, when we are affected by the behavior of a friend or a person we value.

4. What kinds of people can we reach?

5 What do we need to do to keep our faith strong? Consider the following example. Our faith might be like a house that stands on a rocky ground. It needs to be well-protected so that the rocks won’t break it. Similarly, our faith needs to be well-protected so that we can cope with the challenges of faith discussed in this discussion. If we keep our faith strong, it will help us to cope well, and to remain faithful to Jehovah when we face challenges.—1 Cor. 15:58; see Colossians 1:23.

6 What prompted the apostles to go and profess their faith in Jesus when many other people knew him? The rulers were convinced that they had to serve Jehovah because he was their God.

5. Why should our faith be guided by good works? Let us give an example. (Colossians 1:23)

6. What did the apostles say to the people who came to believe in Jesus?

JUNE 2026 3

And Jehovah helps Jesus in everything he does. In order to help us focus on the various problems we may face, let’s consider three truths that will help our faith to endure whatever challenges we face: (1) Jehovah created all things. (2) Jehovah caused the Bible to be written. (3) Jehovah is helping his people today. If we apply these three truths to our faith, it will help us to remain faithful.

JEHOVAH SPEAKS NOW A

7 Read Revelation 4:11. It is an important statement that Jehovah created all things. This truth makes it seem necessary for us to worship him. And when we consider his sovereignty, it gives us confidence that he can overcome all problems. However, Satan has created a world that shows that God does not exist. Even some creationists argue that God did not create things that have life. If we are fully convinced that Jehovah created things as he intended them to be, it may make the notion that he does not exist seem impossible and unhelpful in our dealings with our fellow believers.—Heb. 11:6.

8 If you think that Jehovah is not the Creator, take action quickly. Explore our books and you will find many proofs that Jehovah created everything. You can find many proofs of God’s creation in the Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking brochures that will strengthen your faith. You can also find many proofs of God’s creation in the popular article, “Why Did Man Create the World?” on jw.org. A young woman named Jessica from the United States says:

7. What does Revelation 4:11 tell us, but what does it tell us if we do not acknowledge our faith?

8-9. If you think that Jehovah is not the Creator, what should you do? (See also the illustration.)

You may have finished reading the Was Life Created? brochure, but you can view it again (See box 8).

Nebula: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; moon: Mercedes-Benz USA; halo: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

“When I first read the Origin of Life booklet, I was convinced that a wise Creator had created the world. I didn’t believe it, but when I read the testimony in the booklet, I was completely convinced.” And the widely read book Is There a Creator Who Cares About You? helps. Maybe you haven’t read it yet, but you can read it again.

9 In the next lesson, you will learn about the evidence for God’s existence. The research you do will strengthen your belief in Jehovah’s existence and help you learn about his character. (Col. 1:20) Or, you can use what you learn to help those who are sceptical about God’s existence. The Bible says: Jehovah has given us many proofs that he is our Creator.

GOD’S NAME IN THE BIBLE

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. Jehovah’s word to mankind is the Bible. It answers important questions about life and tells us what God wants us to do. We believe that Jehovah is the guardian of the Bible, and that it is the most important book in our lives. We want to listen to his word and do everything we can to live according to it.

11 Why can we be confident that God intended the Bible to be written? There are many reasons to be confident. For example, everything the Bible says about the past is true. (Luke 3:1, 2) Everything it says about creation is true. (Deuteronomy 26:7) Every attempt by Satan to distort the Bible is unsuccessful. 7:12) The abundance of prophecies in the Bible makes it easy to follow. (Deuteronomy 23:14) But God did not cause the Bible to be written!

12 What should we do if we are unsure whether God intended the Bible to be written? We need to pray and investigate. A senior brother named Jordan, who serves in the church, says: “I don’t believe everything they say to me. I don’t think it’s true and I don’t believe it. Indeed, I sometimes doubt it. If so, I try to search through the books so that I can find answers to my questions and not be confused again.” Our faith will be strengthened if we continue to rely on our confidence that Jehovah intended the Bible to be written.—1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

JEHOVAH IS OUR LORD

13 If we take the view that Jehovah’s Witnesses are not people who

10. Why is the Bible important? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. Why should we believe that God directed the writing of the Bible?

12. If we are convinced that God did not direct the writing of the Bible, what should we do?

13. What should we do if we decide that Jehovah’s Witnesses are not God’s people today?

JUNE 2026

5

The love and affection we have for one another today is extraordinary (See picture 16).

If God is helping today, we need to act quickly. With this in mind, we can ask ourselves the following questions: ‘Who is trying to live according to the Bible? Who considers the Bible authoritative in every situation?’ (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) ‘Who is doing Jehovah’s will today?’—Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 If we want to know who is doing God’s will today, we can ask ourselves, ‘Who is doing the preaching work that Jesus predicted would be done in the last days?’ (Matt. 24:14) It seems that Jehovah’s Witnesses are doing this preaching work. Today, we are preaching God’s Kingdom message in 240 countries. Jesus showed us the way to do this work for 100 years. Indeed, the preaching and teaching work is a work that is always necessary.—Matt.

14. How does the attitude of Jehovah’s Witnesses toward the Bible fulfill Matthew 24:14?

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:10. God’s name, Jehovah, is widely known, and we like to be called Jehovah’s Witnesses. At present, many people in the world do not know that God’s name is Jehovah. Nevertheless, we endeavor to spread the Bible and to bring God’s name to the places where it is most needed. By reading our Bible translation, Jehovah’s Witnesses—The New International Version, you will find that God’s name appears more than 7,000 times.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. Today, in a world of suffering and suffering, Jehovah’s Witnesses have unity and openness. This is amazing because we come from different parts of the world, with different cultures and ways of life, but we share in unity and love.

15. What do Jehovah’s Witnesses today think of God’s name? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Why can we say that Jehovah’s Witnesses follow the principles in John 13:34, 35? (See also the illustration.)

6 ORIGIN OF ARANE

Do I go to other houses and attend meetings in the local church? If so, it means that we lack the love and affection that exists between our brothers and sisters. It does not seem that Jehovah is using his Witnesses to do his will today. If we keep this in mind, it will help us to remain faithful to Jehovah in the face of every religious challenge.

Jehovah's Witnesses

17 In the final days, when things will be difficult, we will all face difficult situations. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) However, we may also face other difficult situations. For example, Jehovah’s organization may make a decision that is not in our best interests. Or, someone may speak against our beliefs or do something that upsets us.

18 These questions may be intimidating, but if we fully acknowledge that God created things, that He wrote the Bible, and that Jehovah’s Witnesses are His people, we will remain faithful to Him forever. And like Peter to Jesus, we can confidently say to Jehovah: “Lord, from whom are we? That is an eternal question.”

17-18. What disputes can we avoid, but what certainty can we have?

EXAMPLE 6: A man and his wife were walking along the road when they saw a group of Jehovah’s Witnesses doing the ministry, and they fired at them.

IF WE SAY, WHAT IS THE REASON FOR THIS?

■ Jehovah Creates Things

■ God Directed the Writing of the Bible

■ Jehovah is the God of the people today

EDWARD 123 No Time for Teocracy

AUGUST 17-23, 2026

Things We Do That Are Incomprehensible to Our Fellow Human Beings

EDWƐNE 90

Let's Make It Happen

BODANE

We will learn how to avoid these problems and manage our relationships with the media in this article.

“Put away self-indulgence, greed, lust, kindness, and modesty.”—COLOSENSES 3:12.

ONE of the greatest blessings in this end time is good friendship. But if we have good friendship, it will not last forever. Jehovah knows this, and He allows us to have good friendship with His people. (Ps. 119:63) And He wants us to share in the happiness of Jehovah's servants.

2 Not because we want to be known as friends, but because we want to have fellowship with each other. We are a family that loves Jehovah and Jesus, and that love will not leave us. (John 13:35) But this is not easy. It requires hard work. And just as it is difficult for people who love each other to have fellowship, so it is not easy for us to have fellowship with each other.

3 The truth is, not everybody we can be friends with. Why is that so? Because we may be close to some people because of their personality or behavior. But sometimes we know that we will never be close to someone. Sometimes we feel that we are close to someone because of our personality and behavior. Sometimes it is because of a disability or illness that we are not close to someone. Therefore, in this article, we will discuss how the example of Jesus can help us to have a good relationship with the media.

1. How can we have a better relationship?

2. What kind of relationship do you want with the media?

3. Why is it so important to maintain a positive relationship with the media?

8

But let’s see how learning about Jehovah’s character can help us to keep our relationships with our relatives healthy.

THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SCENES ARE IN AVINLI AT THE PRESENT TIME.

4 In order for us to live in fellowship, we must recognize the characteristics of our fellows. And in order for us to live in these characteristics, we must know how to deal with them. This is why the Apostle Paul was anxious to visit his fellow believers. He wrote to the Thessalonians, “We have made every effort to see you again.” (1 Thess. 2:17) Many fellow believers also know that the most common cause of infidelity in fellowship is dispute and hostility. This is because when we attend a class, seminar, or conference, we have the opportunity to socialize with others. However, it is also clear that if we keep ourselves away from the media, we do not necessarily avoid conflicts that could damage our relationships.

5 If we feel isolated from a loved one, we need to develop positive qualities that will help maintain our relationship. (Read Colossians 3:12.) Some of these qualities are kindness, compassion, compassion, and patience. Let’s look at some examples. Just as oil keeps an engine running smoothly, positive qualities will help prevent problems from damaging our relationship. Let’s consider five ways that negative qualities can damage our relationship with our loved ones.

If we do, we will see how learning about Jesus' character, his wisdom, his art, and his understanding will enable us to become more and more like him.

WHAT ARE THE PROBLEMS?

6 Why is it a problem? If two people have different opinions about a conversation, it may seem that each feels that his opinion is right. For example, two brothers may disagree about the way the team should play in the field, because they each feel that their opinion is right. Couldn't a small dispute escalate and ruin the relationship? If they each feel that they are better off, it may be. If they escalate the dispute, each may get angry at the other. With the passage of time, tensions can arise and relationships can break down because of these small differences.

7 Look at the parable of Jesus. He taught His disciples to look upward and to be kind to others. The disciples were proud of their high status among them. In order to help them cultivate this quality, Jesus taught them to look upward. (Matt. 20:25-28) Indeed, He was teaching them what they should do to look upward. On the day of the Last Supper, Jesus Himself took the parable of the servant and made it an example for them.

4. What can we do to preserve our relationships?

5. What can we do when we feel isolated from our loved ones? Let us set an example. (Colossians 3:12)

6. If one has an opinion, how can one maintain the relationship?

7. What did Jesus do to help his disciples when they were in trouble?

JUNE 2026

9

Statistics can also help to detect and correct errors (see Figure 8).

He did this in order to demonstrate that there are certain things that can prevent friendship from falling apart. If one feels superior to the other, it is not possible to respond to all criticisms. This will lead to friendship regardless of one's opinions on certain issues.

8 What can you do? Letters can help you to resist the temptation to speak harshly and to let someone else’s resentment sink into your heart. (Read Colossians 3:13.) If you do, you won’t be angry when you have feelings for someone else, and you won’t let anger ruin your relationship. (Heb. 4:4) If it seems like each one of you is speaking ill of the other, it’s best if you both say the same thing and then forgive each other. (Nol. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself, ‘Is my conversation more important to me than our friendship?’ Then you can take your partner’s words to heart. If you don’t talk about the wrong thing again, it will help to maintain harmony between you.

9 If you do everything you can to keep yourself calm, it can help to keep a journal. Don’t let your anger dominate. (Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Try not to let anything ruin the relationship. What works for most relationships is to go to the person with the anger and talk to him or her. (Heb. 34:14) When you go to the person, you can say: ‘Let’s be friends for a while, and let’s look at the anger.’ If you feel the anger in your heart, be responsive, allow the person to feel the anger, and then open up. If you offend one of these little ones, forgive him, and he will forgive you. (Luke 17:3, 4)

8. When there is disagreement about a subject, how can literature help? (Colossians 3:13) (See also the illustration.)

9. If everything is done by the mind, how can science help? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 ORIGIN OF ARANE

The aim is not to divide people into pro- and anti-Christians, but to build a relationship between all people.—Mark 18:24.

WHEN WE CHOOSE LE NGAKYILE A

10 Why is it a problem? It may be because we associate with people who have very different personalities. Some of us are angry. Some of us are uncomfortable because we are not comfortable with someone at a certain time. Some of us are emotional and some of us are not emotional. Some of us are friendly and some of us are rude.

11 Consider the wisdom of Jesus. Jesus showed kindness to those who had a different nature than He had. For example, the apostles James and John told Jesus that they would have titles in His Kingdom. (Mark 10:35-37) However, Jesus left the darkness and the authority He had in heaven and went to earth. (Phil. 2:5-8) The spiritual nature of the apostles was different from that of Jesus. However, Jesus had wisdom toward others.

12 Jesus was concerned about the character of his disciples. He knew that many of them had the same attitude as James and John. (Mark 9:34) He did not criticize them because he saw where they lived, and there was a great deal of harmony and harmony. However, Jesus was cautious because he was concerned that their pride and selfishness would quickly disappear.—Mark 10:42-45.

13 What Can You Do? If some of your brothers and sisters are showing signs of unrighteousness, we should be cautious. (Mark 14:29) We all have certain traits that are not sinful, but we should be cautious. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) Thus, if some of our brothers and sisters are showing signs of unrighteousness, we should be cautious. For example, consider how it can be helpful for a person who is speaking in a public place to refrain from insulting others. Also, try to find someone who is communicative and able to interact with people. It is not that we can't have good relationships with everyone, but it is necessary to be aware that a Christian's temperament can affect how well he or she performs.

14 If we have patience, it will help us to focus on the characteristics of our fellow believers. If we do so, we will not feel that we are different from our fellow believers and that we will not always be able to be friends with them. For example, James and John were disciples and prayed that Jesus would bring more light into the Kingdom. However, what they did showed that the Kingdom was urgent. Jesus saw this and was amazed at their faith.

10. What choices do we have to make in order to make friends?

11. How did Jesus show tolerance for people of different temperaments?

12. What did Jesus say that made him respectful of his friends?

13. How does it help if we exercise moderation in our relationships? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. If we have discretion, how will it help us to keep our minds clear?

JUNE 2026 11

Good relationships provide peace of mind and comfort (See picture 19).

If we focus on improving the character of our fellow believers, we will show respect for Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 Most importantly, if we have a certain personality trait, we can ask Jehovah to help us avoid a broken relationship with those people. Try to think about the situations that could lead to a broken relationship and pray that you will be able to deal with them. Because Jehovah, our Creator, knows about every personality trait in us, when you pray, be confident that he knows what to do to help you overcome it. When you feel that you might have a negative opinion of someone, ask Jehovah to send his holy spirit to help you change your mind.—Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.

A MEDIUM AGE MANAGEMENT PERSPECTIVE

16 Why is it a problem? When we face problems with our family members, we may be showing signs of uncertainty. For example, they may not approach us, say things that make us angry, or do things that make us feel uncomfortable. Sometimes they will say or do something that makes us feel uncomfortable. (Proverbs 6:2, 3) Just as we may not be aware of the problems our family members are facing, we may be afraid that they will do everything right when they shouldn’t.

15. If we have a negative attitude towards someone else's traits, how can this help us to avoid damaging our relationships?

16. If a journalist has a complaint, what can he/she do?

17 Look at the miracles and miraculous healing of Jesus. Jesus showed miracles and miraculous healing to those who saw Him, even to those who did not see Him. Let us take the example of what He did with a devil-servant named John the Baptist. When he saw Jesus, he threw himself into the sea to kill Him. Some of the people who were with Jesus told him that he was a fool. But as he wanted Jesus to be healed, he threw himself into the sea even more. He might have thought that he was provoking the anger of some of those who believed in Jesus. However, "glory came upon Jesus." This phrase indicates that the crowd was greatly amazed.

17. What can we learn from Jesus and baptism?

12 ORIGINS OF ARANE

(Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) He spoke kindly to the Pharisee and thanked him for his faith.

18 What can you do? Try to avoid feelings of sadness and sorrow, because these qualities will help you to comfort your grieving brothers and sisters. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) A good companion is willing to help at all times, especially in “times of joy.” (Mark 17:17) A good companion does not disregard those who are grieving, but speaks comforting words and does everything in his power to help them recover.

19 What can you do to help your child cope with anxiety and fear? It’s impossible to prevent a child from feeling anxious, but you can try to empathize with his or her situation. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Peter 3:8) When he or she tells you about his or her problems, listen carefully. If he or she does, try to comfort him or her. (Mark. 12:25) Be careful not to think that you know everything about him or her when he or she doesn’t. (Mark. 18:13) Try to be considerate and don’t expect him or her to do everything you tell him or her.—Eph. 4:32.

20 We all appreciate the good relationships we have in Jehovah’s organization. However, as we are all human, and many of us have experienced unpleasant circumstances, it is easy for us to exhibit unpleasant traits. Therefore, it is helpful for us to have relationships that are uplifting, considerate, and free from prejudice and bigotry. Let us strive to have relationships that exhibit some of these traits.

20. What are the characteristics of friendship?

18. What sort of suffering must be endured by those who are afflicted with grief? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. What is the relationship between the luminosity of the sky and its diffraction? (See also my illustration.)

Example 10: An elder and a younger brother have a disagreement about how to organize the church grounds, but this doesn't hurt their relationship and the younger brother is more interested in attending school.

WHAT IF WE DON’T HAVE MEDIUM AVINS?

■ We all have our own opinions

■ It is a distinctive characteristic.

■ Why the media is silent

STORY 124 Fear the Truth

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

EDWARD 65 A New Day Has Come!

We learn about how the organization of the learning community works.

How to Improve the Mobility Calculation Approach

“With all my heart I have opened Jehovah’s eyes on the wicked.”—EDW. 111:1.

DID YOU remember the day you were given permission to go there? That day was a bright one because a large group of Jehovah’s servants opened the name of Jehovah. (Heb. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) But on the same day, it was a dark one because a small group of Jehovah’s servants opened the name of Jehovah. (Heb. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) But on the same day, it was a bright one because a small group of Jehovah’s servants opened the name of Jehovah. (Heb. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) But on the same day, it was a dark one because a small group of Jehovah’s servants opened the name of Jehovah. (Heb. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) But on the same day, it was a bright one because a small group of Jehovah’s servants opened the name of Jehovah. (Heb. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) But on the same day, it was a dark one because a small group of Jehovah’s servants opened the name of Jehovah. (Heb. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) But on the same day, it was a dark one because a small group of Jehovah’s servants opened the name

2 How has the group study program been? A sister named Wendy* said: “This program has really helped me in my way of witnessing. I’ve learned a new way of witnessing and teaching from other sisters. It has helped me move towards my spiritual and sexual goals and made me a better person.” A sister named Rich said: “It’s a great opportunity to be a group leader. Some volunteers help a person decide to marry, but a group leader has the power to help that person achieve spiritual happiness over the years.” Sister Dinah said: “I wanted to be in a study group. I looked up to my group mates as my parents.”

3 In this article, we will discuss the roles of a group leader and a team leader, and discuss how they can help their colleagues in the group.

*Behakyi aluma bie moo.

1-2. How does the mass media affect the educational program?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

14

Secondly, we will discuss how we can help the team to cope. Thirdly, we will see how we can help the team to cope.

EXAMPLES OF NEUVOS AND BOAVOS

4 An overseer is a member of the church who is appointed by the elders to assist a ministry group in their spiritual growth. How does he do this? First, he takes care of each member of the ministry group. (Mark 27:23) As he is present and cares for the brethren, he takes care of them. He helps them to be strengthened, comforted, and provided with the necessary advice. (Mark 12:25; Isaiah 32:2; John 2:15-17) Second, he helps the ministry group to return to the ministry. He devotes himself to the ministry work, the titles of Apostle and Teacher. If he cannot attend the training, he should arrange for the pastor or other minister to do it for him. Finally, he should help married brothers to become more active in the church. (1 Tim. 3:1) He should also encourage married brothers to become members of the church—priests and elders.

* If necessary, they may also appoint a member of the congregation to serve as a parish priest. A parish priest is called a parish servant, because he is not a parish priest. He assists the parishioners in the ministry of the parish, and provides them with representation.

4. (a) What is the job title of a Surveyor? (b) How does the Surveyor assist the members of the Survey? (See box, “Definition of Surveyor.”)

An Overview of the Model Supervisor

• During the lessons, the mother should take the child to the classroom so that the child can concentrate on the lessons.

• If practicable, include many members of your group in the training, even those whose circumstances make it impossible for them to attend the training regularly. You may want to take these members with you to a different time or location.

• Establish a leader for each member of the group and support them. This can be done in the village, church, or other place of worship. You can also use fundraising or group selection to do this.

• Encourage male brothers to do all they can to contribute to the various functions of the community.

• If the whole congregation wishes to attend the meeting, the group leader should attend the meeting with the members of the group.

It is critical, however, that managers recognize that they will need managers who can perform this function effectively.

5 A congregation leader faces a problem. Let’s take the example of Jörg, a division leader in Germany. He has many servants in the congregation as well as other congregation leaders.

5. What are the disadvantages of a divisional supervisor?

JUNE 2026 15

Abel, a 70-year-old congregational leader in Uganda, said: “We don’t have many elders and ministers in our congregation, and the people in the ministry group are very helpful. That’s how I like to lead each member of my group, and I like to do it.” Or Obed from Suriname said: “I like to be a leader. But it takes time and effort, and it doesn’t always pay off. And as God says, “Don’t be mean to anyone.” How can church leaders help those facing this and other challenges?

A church leader may delegate responsibilities to a parishioner in his or her ward; for example, he or she may assist the parishioner in attending church services (see Figure 7).

6 If it is possible, it is necessary that the number of the members of the division be small so that the division overseer can see everything clearly and help them to be at ease spiritually. But what if the elders in the church are ignorant? It is not advisable for them to oversee the members of the division that the division overseer does not see as his entire work. Why can not the elders of the church choose a servant from one of the divisions so that they will have a division overseer? If they are ignorant, it will allow the division overseers to help all the brothers to come closer to Jehovah, which is the most important part of their work.

7 If you are a District Leader in a

6. Why do some members of the group need to assist the group leader?

7. If the elders are not obedient, how can the overseers help the members of the church? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also the illustration.)

If the elders do not, try to convince the leader to help guide God’s flock. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Assign tasks to the leader. For example, let him sit in the classroom. Also, consider how you can help each participant enjoy the class and get closer to Jehovah. Let your leader meet with the host brothers and sisters to encourage them. Before he leaves, talk to him about the time he is going to be there, and when he returns, tell him what he has done and what he needs to do. (2 Tim. 2:2) You can also ask other members of your group to assist you in managing the needs of your group. For example, volunteers and dedicated volunteers can go to training with new volunteers. And dedicated volunteers can help current brothers and sisters learn how to participate in training, how to communicate effectively, and how to help others.

16 ORIGINS OF ARANE

Let’s discuss five things we can do to help our Bible study group run smoothly.

TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS

8 Participate in the training session. Participating in a training session with someone else encourages us. (Read Romans 1:12.) Participating in a training session with a group gives us the experience and confidence to testify to many people. If you are uncomfortable with your job and your group is not participating in the training session, you may want to ask your supervisor if he can make adjustments to your schedule. It may be helpful for you to attend the training session at a later time in your job. (Neh. 2:4-6) If you are uncertain or you are an elder who is unable to attend regularly, discuss this with your group leader. He or she can arrange for you to use a videoconference to attend part of the session and witness a member of the group with you at a meeting or group selection. Does your decision to attend regularly hinder you? If so, make arrangements with a member of your group to attend each session. (Col. 4:5) If you do, it will help you to help others in your group. So pray that Jehovah will “give you the will and the strength to do it.”—Phil. 2:13.

8. What do we do to keep the group going? (Romans 1:12)

(Read Romans 12:13.) For example, we can arrange for our group to attend a home-based group meeting. In some congregations, make arrangements so that when someone from another congregation gives a talk, one group serves as the speaker. If one group is called to serve as the speaker, the group provides food and encouragement, even if the speaker turns away. Sarah, a caregiver, said: “When I see someone in need, my heart breaks. It helps me to concentrate. I think more about how I can help that person than about the amount of food I’m eating.” As we work to cultivate love in our group and as a family, we get closer to Jehovah and to each other.—Neh. 8:10; Ac. 20:35.

10 Do not be afraid to ask questions. If we understand the purpose of the ministry and teaching, we will be more inclined to attend training with our group. Is there a leader in the ministry who wants to help you? You may want to discuss it with a brother or sister or a facilitator who is willing to help you. (Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) This is what a sister named Heather, who is speaking today, said: “I asked a brother or sister to help me learn how to be a better minister.

9. What can we do to ensure that there is joy and love in our congregation? (Romans 12:13)

10. What should we do if we want to be successful in some aspect of our education? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also the illustration.)

JUNE 2026 17

Because we know the members of the study group, it makes us feel better about ourselves and motivates us to study.

(See Figure 10.)

He likes people and he is a nice guy when he goes to church with me. He even told me that he was going to have a Bible study with me and the people we met. He wanted to help me by giving me the opportunity to go to church.” You can also bring your concerns to your group leader, and he may be able to help you with it. In addition, we can use many different ways to help the group run.

WHY WE NEED A DISTRIBUTION PLAN

11 Let us draw near to Jehovah. The service committee system can help each of us draw closer to Jehovah. For example, the group overseer selects those who are of Jehovah’s heart and encourages them in time of need. Some of these people are prophets, evangelists, and ministers. (1 Thess. 2:8; John 1:27) It also provides guidance on how to best serve the various branches of the ministry of preaching and teaching the Remembrance. It also helps married brothers who are good examples to take on more responsibilities in the congregation.—1 Tim. 3:10.

11-12. How can a study group program help you get closer to Jehovah? Let’s take an example.

12 Here’s how the Bible study group helped Wendy, one of our readers. She said: “Because my father was not a believer, my mother didn’t always go with the group to Sunday School. But she always let me go. An older sister who was a Presbyterian took me as her son and gave me a gift that helped me in school and in the church. I also remember that my group leader gave me Bible counsel many times, and that’s where I am today.”

13 Have friendships that are lasting. As we get to know members of the group, we develop close friendships with them. (Phil. 1:27) And because we do not know the members of the group, it is not possible for those who are sad or sad-hearted to have friendships. (2 Cor. 6:13) We can rely on these friendships to help us in times of difficulty, e.g., when we are in a decision, are discouraged, or are in love with someone. (1 Thess. 5:14) And we will one day have even closer friendships than these. (Matt. 24:21) It may be that the troubles will not disappear, but

13. How does the learning group maintain a cohesive atmosphere? (Also show the illustration.)

18 ORIGINS OF ARANE

Knowing that we can rely on loving and trusting friends can help us to cope with our desires.—Mark 17:17.

14 It is helpful in times of calamity or emergency. In the event of death, disaster, or other unforeseen circumstances, when we face emotional and financial difficulties, we help the community in times of need. For example, in each parish, the Church Committee and the parishioners make a pledge to help those in need. The parishioners send out a search for each family in the community to ensure that the necessary items such as shelter, food, water, bedding and clothing can be delivered promptly to them. Look at the way the learning group helps each other and how much they enjoy it!

14. How does the learning community help in the event of a disaster or crisis?

15 As we know, the commandment of Jehovah is very great. There are many armies of devils or demons in the heavenly cave. Or, there are many demons in the earthly cave, and there is no fear in their eyes. (Zech. 8:23; Jer. 5:11) Jehovah’s servants in heaven and on earth strive to spread the good news of God’s Kingdom. (Jer. 14:6, 7) And we do everything we can to benefit from the witness group system, which helps us to devote our whole hearts to Jehovah.—Ps. 111:1.

15. What does it mean for all those who are in the commandment of Jehovah?

EXAMPLE: Two sisters in the same school group were going to school.

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

■ How does the group leader and supervisor assist the media in the training group?

■ What can we do to help the learning community function?

■ How does the learning community system work?

EDWƐNE 61

Witnesses, Get Out!

AUGUST 31–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

EDWƐNE 89

Tie, Di Zo, Na Nyia Nyilalɛ

BODANE

We will learn how to attend classes and conferences and listen to others effectively and how to do so.

Observe How a Word Is Used

“Take heed how you speak.”—Luke 8:18.

YES, Jehovah provides abundant spiritual food. So let’s think of David, who said, “The Lord is my Master. I will not be hungry.” —Read Isaiah 23:1, 2, 5.

2 Jehovah’s house provides spiritual nourishment today through congregational meetings. When we attend meetings, we are encouraged to take part in the things we are learning. Even if we ‘have no grasp of the truth,’ we still face these challenges. (2 Peter 1:12) But if what we are learning is a multifaceted subject, isn’t it helpful to keep our minds focused? This example will help you. It will show you why it’s important to attend meetings and listen carefully to what is being said. Of course, we will discuss what needs to be taught in the church so that the audience will not be distracted. And we will discuss some principles that will help us to speak well. But let's look at the audience of our lesson.

THE TRUTH THAT JEHOVAH IS THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD

3 Jehovah’s Word is the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this. When He taught the people, He always focused on the Word of God at the right time, and He Himself said,

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah’s temple provide spiritual nourishment today? (Edw. 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we discuss in this article?

3. What vision does Jehovah’s house represent, and how does it help His servants to put His Word into practice?

20

(John 7:15) When Jehovah’s Witnesses learned that Jesus taught from God’s Word, they were amazed. The same was true of Christians. For example, the Apostles Paul and Apostle Paul used the Bible to guide their discussions with others. (John 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) We Jehovah’s Witnesses also know that our publications, JW broadcasting, lectures, and videos are all derived from the Bible. (Luke 24:32) That is why, as more people attend the classes, they will be impressed by the way Jehovah’s Witnesses apply the Bible.

4 In many cases, when the words “obey” and “be obedient” are used in the Bible, they mean to obey someone. So if Jehovah is speaking to us through his Word and we obey his commands, we will be obedient to him. If we obey Jehovah and do what he says, he will be pleased with us.—Mark 27:11.

WHY SHOULD WE HAVE A SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP WITH OUR FAMILY?

5 It shows that we love Jehovah. (Matt. 22:37) As we learn more about Jehovah, the love we have for him grows.

A Guide to Helping You Remember Words

When asked by Jehovah’s Witnesses, “How does it help them listen better in class,” some of the responses were:

• Sweeney, who married in 1986, said, "It takes a lot of hard work to divert your mind from the viewer and the different kinds of videos that come out."

• David, who married in 1983, said, “I prayed many times to Jehovah to help me focus my mind on the subject. I focused on myself, my studies, the topic I was focusing on, and the time I would devote to my religion.”

• Nicolas, who married in 1982, says, "Let's aim to make each person who will be in the process. Then give them some example, phrase or phrase that you find interesting in the process."

• Augustine, who married in 1988, said, "I always wonder if one of us decided that we needed to learn something we had already learned, it was because we needed it at that time."

God’s love for us is great. If that love makes us want to obey him, we will do what he says and serve him in ways that please him.—Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 He teaches us to love people. (Matt. 22:39) As we study, Jehovah teaches us

4. What do the words “sheep” and “sheepdog” mean?

5. If we love Jehovah, what will he do for us? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What will you learn from the course?

JUNE 2026 21

How can we help our peers and other members of the community? For example, the To People—Let’s Be Leaders booklet helps us learn how to be leaders at school. Would it be possible for you to be a leader with someone who is discriminating? If so, consider how you could exemplify this in your own classroom.

7 Love life. Love will enable us to live as Jehovah’s faithful servants did in the past. (Deut. 32:44-47) By attending and listening to Bible study, we will be strengthened to face the new world that is coming. (Col. 8:25) It is necessary for us to obey Jehovah today because we are in the end times and need to be spiritually alert.—Matt. 24:42-44; James 1:3.

HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

8 Let the brethren that are instructed in the Scriptures, and have the title of exhorters, be careful in their instruction; for the exhortation that is properly instructed in the Scriptures is able to draw people into the truth, and to help the brethren to abide in the truth. That is to say, let not those who are employed in the exhortation be careless about the usefulness of the exhortation. Therefore, when you have an exhortation, consider how you will apply the things which we shall discuss in this chapter. Share these things with the exhorters.

7. Why do we need to go and listen to Jehovah?

8. Why should the media be educated in the values of tolerance?

We may not have the gift of speaking, but if we have it, we can use it.—2 Tim. 4:2; Phil. 1:9.

9 Keep your speech structured. If your speech is fragmented, your listeners may not be able to follow your arguments. If your speech is cluttered, your listeners may be distracted. How can you keep your speech structured? Here are some tips: (1) Start with the topic you want to discuss. (2) Write down the topics you want to discuss. If you miss any of the topics, take a moment to write down the next topic you want to discuss. (3) If you miss any of the topics, use them as a guide to your speech.

10 Think about the message. When you think about a message, you will have a stronger desire to share it with others. (Mark 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) And when you think about your service and its contents, it will inspire you. A brother in the United States who is more than 70 years old recalled a sermon he gave as a young man: “I remember how the minister encouraged us to meditate on God’s Word. He spoke with confidence and explained how to do it. That talk changed my life and described how I learned about the Bible and my relationship with Jehovah.”

11 Consider what it will do for viewers

9. How should a speech be structured?

10. What should I do about this information?

11. Why is it good for you to give yourselves over to the manipulation of your superiors? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 ORIGIN OF ARANE

Describe how they will use it. Instead of just telling them, let the Bible empower your pastors by giving them detailed descriptions of what they can use it for. For example, the Apostle Paul gave Timothy detailed descriptions of things that would help him get closer to God when he was ministering in Ephesus. (See 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) Think of things that will help your pastors know how to use what you have taught them.

12 When you are speaking, it is important to keep your mouth shut so that you do not offend your listeners. Don’t say anything you don’t want to say. Therefore, it is important to keep your heart open so that your listeners can understand what you are saying. The Let It Be My Will and Teaching brochure says: “Keep your heart open so that your listeners can see how you feel about yourself and your words.” If you keep your heart open, your listeners will be restrained from speaking, and they will learn to practice it.

13 Let a diligent listener assist you. For example, before speaking, you may want to send a draft of the words you intend to use in your speech to a diligent listener so that he or she can give you his or her thoughts and comments on the speech. Also, you may want to give your speech to a diligent listener so that he or she can give you corrections. (Mark 1:5) However, the Bible teaches us where we should be careful, and a brother or sister can help us to get to the heart of the matter. We aim to be instrumental as preachers and teachers so that our listeners will benefit from the wisdom of God's Word.*

* To learn more about the role of the student and the teacher, see the Is There Any Place for Respect and Teaching? brochure and the Theological Schools Handbook.

12. Why is it good to speak with a heart when speaking in public?

13. Why should those who are taught in the church help hard-working ministers? (See also the illustration.)

Let an enthusiastic mentor help you feel confident.

(See box 13.)

23

Obey God's commands, don't let electronic things get in your mind

(See box 17.)

WHAT WE DID WHEN WE WENT TO TIEVOLE FOR THE FIRST TIME

(2 Tim. 3:1) If we go to class and try to repeat what we are learning, it will help us to have the same attitude toward God’s commandments that Edward 119 had. —Read Edward 119:24, 111, 167.

15 We must eat the spiritual food that is given to us. The Israelites also had to eat the bread that Jehovah sent them when they were out of the wilderness. (Ex. 16:15, 31) At first, the Israelites looked up to the bread, because when Jehovah sent them, he was pleased and saved them to live. But as time went by, he chose some of them. (Num. 21:5) What does this teach us? We should not eat or drink the spiritual food that is given to us today. Therefore, we must go and get spiritual food from Jehovah. We must be careful that each reader has carefully considered the word and chosen it for our study. We must also be careful that the wisdom in the word used by them can bring life.—Mark 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

16 Looking at the examples of others can help us. Consider what helps some Jehovah’s Witnesses to listen better in class. Ashley, who has served Jehovah for 30 years, says: “If I remember what we’re going to learn in class before I go, I listen better. But if I don’t, it makes me laugh and relax.” József, who has served Jehovah for 52 years, says: “I focus on speaking what I know.

14. Why should we have the character of the warrior of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

15. What helps us to stay focused on what we learn in class?

16. What helps some Jehovah’s Witnesses to listen well in class? (See also the example, “How to Help Your Children Learn the Bible.”)

24 THE BIRTH OF ARANE

I don’t want to be part of it anymore because I know that the person who teaches has a different point of view and will put the message in a different light.” He added: “If the listener makes an effort, I focus on what the Bible says and not how he looks.”

17 Using one or more of the following strategies will help you communicate better. (1) Have a good meal before you go to class so you can eat. (2) Find a quiet place to sit and listen. (3) Put your phone in a place where it won’t disturb you or distract you while you are in class. (4) Focus on what the listener is going to talk about. (5) Look at the listener. (6) Think about the titles. (7) Try to figure out the titles that will be used and how each item relates to the topic. (8) Ask yourself, ‘How can I use this topic to speak to someone in the church or community?’ (9) Before you go to a meeting, review the theme of the day, the different speeches that will be given, and the titles that will accompany each speech. (10) Watch and listen to the audio and video recordings of the activity.

HOW TO FOLLOW JEHOVAH

18 We need to listen carefully to what we learn, because if we do, Jehovah will lead us “in the way of wisdom.” (Heb. 23:3; 31:3) We need guidance to keep us on the right path. That is, “be careful how you listen” and use the insights you gain from studying. (Luke 8:18) Those who obey Jehovah today will have eternal life one day.—Heb. 119:2, 14.

17. What can you do to help you speak better in class? (See also the illustration.)

18. Why should we study the Bible?

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

■ Why do we need to talk in class?

■ How can male colleagues who have learned from the course help a person communicate?

■ What will help you to communicate better?

STORY 87 Be Brave! You Will Have Courage

APPLICABLE LEGISLATION

I Served Jehovah in Cuba for 70 Years

GUSTAVO JOSEPH ANLOA EDWƐKƐ

I was born in 1947 on the beautiful Caribbean island of Cuba, between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean, and I have two younger sisters. We lived as a family of four, my parents, I, and my two younger sisters, on a boat called Esmeralda.

I remember that we had a beer on the boat. We would stay near my father's friends and his parents. We would ask for food and we would have a good time.

When I was six years old, Brother Walton Jones decided to study the Bible with my parents. He is a hard-working missionary, and he would like to spend at least seven weeks a year in the desert. Every time he was ill, many members of my family visited my grandfather and I came home and spent many weeks studying the Bible. My parents and my father's brothers, Pedro and Ela, saw the light of the gospel when they were young, and we were married as Jehovah's Witnesses. Ela is now 100 years old, but he still serves as a missionary in Cuba.

At that time, Jehovah’s Witnesses were able to attend seminars and courses in Cuba, a country that was rarely visited. It was a pleasure to carry Bibles in our backpacks. We had a lot of fun! I remember how we served Jehovah in my youth in those “good days.” But the “evil days” were still ahead of us.—2 Tim. 4:2.

WHAT DO YOU WANT TO SAY?

One year later, my father and his younger brother went on a family vacation to a new house. The shocking thing was that, during the trip, they contracted typhoid fever. As I was telling them, my father's younger brother had all his teeth gone, but he was recovering. But my father, he died. He was 32 years old at the time.

After my father died, my mother sent us to live with her younger brother in a village called Lombillo. We left behind my father's parents, my sister and me, and our beloved. But we chose to serve Jehovah.

On August 26, 1957, I was married in a small village near Lombillo. I was seven years old. But I knew that it would only be two years before the life of Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba would be totally changed. In 1959, the first church was demolished and a new one was built.

26 THE BIRTH OF ARANE

One of the issues facing Jehovah's Witnesses in this new era is bloodshed. This has affected Jehovah's Witnesses severely because around the world, we live in an age of oppression and bloodshed. Soon enough, we no longer have the freedom to serve Jehovah as we did in our youth. Eventually, the war took its toll on our work and led to the slaughter of thousands of our brothers and sisters. Some of them were murdered and their bodies were scattered. Sometimes even the blood of the sacrificed animals was sprinkled on the food, which the Bible does not refer to as blood.

Despite all these difficulties, we chose to serve Jehovah. (Heb. 10:25) Brethren from all over the country attended the meetings, from thousands of miles away and even from different locations. One time, a brother invited us to attend a meeting at his shepherd’s pasture. We couldn’t get to the shepherd’s pasture or the sheep were out of sight. So he attended the meeting with the whole flock.—Mark 2:12.

We appreciate the efforts made by some of the media to entertain us during our time there. For example, if we were holding a conference, the entire conference would be recorded on tape and sent to all the media throughout Cuba. Only two of the media would record the entire conference. But as the media was listening to the conference, he made his speech sound like a joke or some other joke that we were telling him. Of course, if we were at a meeting in a place where there was no television, the brothers who gave the short reports would stay away, and as soon as someone gave the reports, the reports would stop. They could take over the work for us. Indeed, it was a good time and we had the same magazines as the brothers in other countries, but there was little space in the spirit. And we felt that we were serving Jehovah.—Neh. 8:10.

ADEKPAKYELɛMA NEE AWOVOLɛ

At the age of 18, I applied for a full-time missionary position in Florida. A year later, I was sent to serve as a missionary in Camagüey. There I met Emilia, from Santiago de Cuba, and we loved each other. We decided to marry within a year.

I worked in a nurse’s clinic, and Emilia and I were volunteers. But we wanted to do more in Jehovah’s service. So I worked five days a week and watched seven television shows. It was hard to get up in the evening, but it helped.

A. Visiting the Church Leadership School in Camagüey, Cuba, 1966

B. On the Orientation Day, 1967

A-M_BAR_French (Belgium)

B

District Assembly TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

D 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 00

e

D. Yeleeya Maangebakyi Zo Neeliin Service, 1990

A. Improvements in the Recovery and Reintegration Process, 1994

I was able to go to school regularly and Emilia and I attended all classes.

In 1969, we met our friend Gustavo. We met his son, and they told me that I was going to be a babysitter. At that time, many babysitters in Cuba had children. We were good friends, but we were not yet married. Emilia and I felt that we had a great opportunity to serve as brothers. After my babysitting career, we met Obed. Later we met Abner, and a few years later, we met Mahely.

In the years I spent as a nanny, it made me happy to see how Jehovah treated his people in Cuba. It also made me happy to see the efforts Emilia and I made to inculcate love for him in the hearts of our children. I remember how it was for Emilia and me when I was a nanny.

HOW TO GET TO THE NEAVOLO ISLANDS

Through the 1960s and 1970s, however, as more and more people became interested in the profession, the number of graduates increased rapidly.

Things went so well that the Imperial Palace was occupied, missionaries from all over the country were invited, media representatives were invited to the building, and the Havana Camp was opened.

Depending on our circumstances, we could be the Pastor or the Mother. For example, if we were the Pastor of a church, it was another Pastor who would be there. We would learn a lot of things and we would use them because it would get people’s attention. If we were in a church, we would not do it. We would try to go back and be the pastor of the house. If we did that, it wouldn’t work. In fact, we had become a family and it was necessary to be careful and to be confident about why we were there. (Mark 10:29, 30) In all, however, we had to keep quiet because the police would look for us and question us. Eventually, the brothers we visited would also be questioned.—Luke 16:4.

During this time, we have developed media that are still relatively underdeveloped but show greater sensitivity. For example, if you go to a place, you notice that the internet isn't as good as it used to be.

28 INTEGRATED SERVICES

E

G

F

E. Emilia at an excavation site in Cuba in 2000.

F. Yelayila Nyianu Asalo bie azo, 2012

G. Christian Aid Bible School, 2013

Some of them were willing to let us stay at home despite the fact that there wasn't much food left in the house. In fact, at times, we even gave some of our food to our fellow travelers.

When we were pastors, we had to take all the children out. We agreed and left what they gave to my mother and my youngest daughter at home. In fact, if we took some of the children out, he would be very angry with us. I remember one day, a policeman came in. We would put a paper in the bag where the girl's clothes were placed, and the policeman would look at it.

Emilia loved the kids and helped me a lot with the full-time ministry and it made me feel very comfortable. For my part, I was able to do my part-time work and be a missionary at the same time. How did I do it? Sometimes, in one or two sessions, I spent too much time working on my part-time work to finish it at the end of the session. But eventually, I got bored. Because I was dependent on the members of my group, I had to work the entire session. I was happy with the arrangement. But I realized that if I let my supervisors do a lot of the last minute work, then I wouldn’t let anyone know that I was going back to oversee the congregation. I didn’t even let my supervisors know that I was going to do the last minute work!

THEY HAD ME FINANCIALLY BUT THEY HAD NO INTEREST IN ME

On a day in 1994, the Cuban press gave a special interview to our elderly leader in Havana; he was 80. We were very excited to see him again many years later. We talked about our future in the organization in the interview. He was dressed in a very formal attire. The men said they had decided to speak out against the former leadership. Why?

It is described that the meeting with the community leaders was a kind of prayer meeting, but the purpose was to maintain friendship between the community and Jehovah's Witnesses, although the leaders refused to allow the meeting to take place.

JUNE 2026

29

Cuba, October 2013

And all the elders of the people were alike, and we were all in agreement that we should go to the light, but it was a good time with the elders of the people.

He authorized us to continue our classes and seminars and to carry out our religious work despite the fact that the church was banned from participating in the religious life of the country. After our departure, he told the superiors that some of the parishioners were angry and wanted us to return to the church.

In September 1994, funding was granted for the renovation of the Bethel, the first major renovation of a Bethel building in 20 years.

In 1996, Emilia and I were invited to volunteer. It was a difficult decision. I later told my family that I had two children, and that volunteering was an important decision. The family discussed the situation, but they wanted us to volunteer, so we left and all of us returned to Havana.

In fact, at first I wasn’t interested in volunteering, because I had been a nurse for many years and it wasn’t my passion. I thought it would be nice to stay at home and work. But the other volunteers and the help of Emilia made me feel better about it. Eventually I changed my mind and I really enjoyed volunteering.

Emilia and I were firstborn. But when we think of the brothers and sisters with whom we have had the privilege of serving Jehovah together for so many blessed years, we are filled with joy. What gives us the greatest joy is to see our children and grandchildren serving Jehovah. We feel like the elderly apostle John when he said: “I have no joy in this: that my children may grow up in the truth.”—3 John 4.

Emilia and I have been volunteers for about 30 years. Despite our laziness and lack of determination, we tried to do what we were asked to do. We had trouble serving Jehovah, but we are grateful to have spent the next 70 years serving the “God of hope” in the desert of Cuba.—1 Tim. 1:11; Deut. 97:1.

We brought the woman and her husband to the court.

GENESIS 30

RETURN TO VOLUME SETTINGS

What two situations did the apostle Paul refer to in Galatians 4:24?

◼ When the Apostle Paul discussed the relationship between Abraham, Selah, and Hagar, he went on to say: “Take these things to heart; for these women are two generations.” (Gal. 4:22-24) Now, we assume that the two generations are the one of Melchizedek and the other of Hagar. However, this passage again makes it clear that we need to make some changes. It seems that Paul was referring to the Abrahamic generation, not the second generation. This is one of the reasons why he said so.*

Paul referred to Hegeas as the one who was responsible for the Sea of Sinai. (Gal. 4:25) Hegeas was one of the scribes of the Sea of Sinai covenant in 1513 B.C. (Ex. 19:5, 6). Hegeas knew that no salvation without the Law would ever be in accordance with the Law, and he made the Jews prisoners of sin. He knew that this covenant would help the Israelites to receive the Messiah, the only salvation that would be in accordance with the Law. By sacrificing his human life, the Messiah made it possible for mortal mankind to be saved from sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) After Jesus fulfilled God’s purpose, he again lived under the Law.—Luke 10:4.

Paul said that Hegai was different from Shelah, the “prostitute woman” who was “born according to the promise.” (Gal. 4:23) Hegai was thus the descendant of Abraham. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) This is proclaimed in Genesis 22:18. Jehovah said: “By your wife [the son of Abimelech] all the nations of the earth shall be blessed, because you are mine.”

* This is a reinterpretation of a statement in The Watchtower, March 15, 2006, pp. 10-12.

(Gen. 3:15) It is apparent from the phrase that the “son” referred to is the son of Abraham. Paul explains that this “son” is a title for Jesus Christ. However, the 144,000 baptized who “belong to Christ,” and who oppose Jesus’ authority in His Kingdom, also rely on this “son” in a symbolic way. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Jer. 14:1-3) According to God's promise to Abraham, those who follow and obey Jesus would receive many blessings.

But why did Paul use this phrase? He was saying that if the Jews of his day were to obey the Law of Moses, they would become slaves to Haggai. But if they were to obey the title of Abraham's children, which is in Jesus Christ, they would become slaves to Selah. Everyone would be freed from the power of sin and death. (John 8:32-34) If Jesus was to return, he meant that the Law would open the way to Christ.

Many of the Galatians to whom Paul addressed these words were not Jews, and therefore were not under the Law. However, some Jews insisted that those who became Jews should obey the Law and go to their husbands. Paul explained that it was inconceivable for these people not to obey the Law that would make them “slaves,” because Christ had given them “freedom.”—Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

JUNE 2026 31

THE WORLD IS GOD'S WORLD

June 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 6 NZEMA

ABOUT THE MAGAZINE

Bible Study Topics for August 10-16 | 2

How We Remember the Truth When We're Sober

Bible Study Topics for August 17-23 | 8

Things We Do That Are Incomprehensible to Our Fellow Human Beings

Bible Study Topics for August 24-30 | 14

How to Improve the Mobility Calculation Approach

Bible Study Questions for August 31–September 6 | 20

Observe How a Word Is Used

26

I Served Jehovah in Cuba for 70 Years

SEE VOLUME VI | 31

Donate this book. It supports the worldwide Bible teaching work through heartfelt donations. If you would like to support us, please visit donate.jw.org.

For a more detailed discussion of the different meanings of the word, see The Holy Bible—An Interlinear Commentary.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

ACETATE PAPERS

The Wind That Would Have Blown Away the Trees

It is likely that the Bible writers mentioned that some of Jesus' disciples were shepherds. (Mark 1:16-20) They were shepherding sheep in the Galilee Desert.

If they are small, they will produce small cows, and if they are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are small, they will produce small cows, and if they are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are small, they will produce small cows, and if the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are small, they will produce small cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are small, they will produce small cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are small, they will produce small cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are small, they will produce small cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are small, they will produce small cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are small, they will produce small cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cows are small, they will produce small cows. If the cows are large, they will produce large cows. If the cow

When there was a lot of hay in the field, or when many sheep were slaughtered, the herds would be kept. (Luke 5:6) The Bible describes James and John as “keepers of the herds.” It seems that they were keeping the herds and cattle. (Matt. 4:21) Perhaps they would keep the herds every time there were sheep. Luke, however, describes a herdsman who kept the herds in order. (Luke 5:2) If the herds were lost, they would keep them separate. Perhaps this was done so that the herds would not be destroyed.—Isa. 47:10.

Jesus called the fishermen and said to them, "I will let you set the people ashore."

Visit the jw.org website or one of these websites

JW.ORG

w26.06-NZ