JANUARY 2026

HYƐƆMI MƆ

LOOKING FOR GOD’S HELP IN HIS WORLD

JEHA 2026 JEHA NGMAMI:

“Those who know that they need God’s guidance rejoice.”—MATTH. 5:3.

DATE AND TIME: MARCH 2–APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

CHAPTER 97 God’s Word Brings Salvation

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

We will find out what we need to do so that Jehovah will continue to guide us and we will not be overjoyed.

Who Is “God’s Chosen One”?

Proverbs 20:26: “Those who know that they need God’s guidance rejoice.”—MATTHEW 5:3.

Jehovah knows the desires of mankind. For example, if we are to live, we must have a mind, a heart, and a will. If we do not have these qualities, we will die. In spite of these desires, Jehovah allows us to seek his guidance. (Read Matthew 5:3.) If we want to be truly happy, we need to know that we are seeking God’s guidance, not our own.

2 What does it mean when someone says, “I know that I have the guidance of God”? The Greek word translated as “I know that I have” may refer to a person who has the guidance of God, and this makes him have a good life. Imagine a person who has the guidance of God, and he has a tadeshi se mu on him, and hwɔ on him. The wind blows on him, and if it rains, it also rains on him. Because of the trouble in which he is, no one thinks that they can eat him. Put his heart to rest so that he will have a good life. This person knows that he has the guidance of God, so that he will have a good life and will not die. Similarly, a person who knows that he needs God’s guidance hopes to ask God for help, and when God gives him guidance, he rejects it. At the same time, he seems inclined to accept the guidance that Jehovah gives to those who love him.

3 In this case, in particular, we will consider the story of the Phoenician woman who asked Jesus to speak to her. Her story will help us to see three reasons why those who know that they deserve the guidance of God should listen to him.

1. What are some things that Jehovah knows we love? (Matthew 5:3)

2. What does it mean to say that a person ‘knows that he needs God’s guidance’?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

2

In order for the Phoenician woman to obtain what she wanted, she had to give herself up, or else she would die, and she would not be able to eat (Figure 5).

Then we will consider the examples of the Apostle Peter, the Apostle Paul, and King David, who were men of prayer.

WHAT YOU SEE, WHAT YOU KNOW, AND WHAT YOU DON’T KNOW

4 One day, a Phoenician woman came to Jesus. ‘Her son was severely troubled by a demon.’ (Matt. 15:21-28) The woman complained to Jesus and begged Him to help her. When the Phoenician woman came to Jesus, she expressed some very grim things. Let us consider these things now.

5 And the Phoenician woman was exceedingly troubled. Why do we say this? We say this because when Jesus took the Phoenician woman away with the children, she was troubled. Perhaps the Jews were in their fear. If Jesus had taken her away with the children, what would you have done? Would you have thought that Jesus was angry with you, and therefore you would have eaten her? The Phoenician woman did this. The worst thing about this woman is that she is dying. We cannot say this because she went and asked Jesus to help her. What gave her the authority to do this? The woman’s faith in Jesus strengthened him. Indeed, the woman’s faith in Jesus touched Jesus deeply and comforted him. Although Jesus said that He was sent “only to the wise men of Israel,” it still made the demon in the Phoenician woman’s son angry.

6 If we are not able to be guided by God, we ought not to follow the example of the Phoenician woman who was cast into the sea. We ought not to be afraid, lest we perish; and we ought not to be afraid of evil. He who is afraid of evil, if he is afraid of God, is afraid of evil.

4. What does the Phoenician woman ask Jesus to do for her?

5. What did the Phoenician woman reveal, and what did Jesus do to help her? (See also the picture.)

6. What do we learn from the story of the Phoenician woman?

JANUARY 2026 3

(Matt. 24:45-47) When we show these qualities, Jehovah and his Son are pleased, and they promise to help us. (See James 1:5-7.) Now, let’s look at what Jehovah does to guide us, and the way in which he gives us our physical things. The examples of the Apostle Peter, the Apostle Paul, and King David will help us to see what we should do to keep our physical things in order.

DO WHAT THE LORD SAYS

7 Consider the example of the apostle Peter. He was a purely Jewish man who claimed that Jesus was the Messiah. Peter knew that Jehovah had sent Jesus to speak “the words of my mouth.” (John 6:66-68) Just before his departure, Jesus gave Peter a task. He told Peter: “Let my wise men work.” (John 21:17) Peter faithfully performed the task entrusted to him. Jehovah prompted him to make two decisions based on the Bible. But it would be difficult for Peter to make a decision based on God’s word. For example, he made a decision based on the words God had given to the apostle Paul. (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) However, Peter was not despondent. He was hoping that Jehovah would help him understand and put into practice what he was learning. These were the “things of life” that Paul described in his letters. —Read Hebrews 5:14–6:1.

7. What task was entrusted to Peter, and what was he supposed to do? Tell us. (Hebrews 5:14–6:1)

8 When Peter first sought guidance from Jehovah, he was humbled because he had faith in Jehovah. For example, while he was in the city of Joppa, God showed him a vision. In the vision, he was told to remove the idols that were contrary to the Law of Moses. In the case of Peter, who was a Jew, it seemed that this guidance would be the right thing to do. Therefore, he said, “Debbie, Lord, I have seen something that he wants to see.” Then he said to him, “Consider the things that God has made pleasing as things that are pleasing.” (Ex. 10:9-15) Peter listened to the instruction and changed his mind. How do we know? Just after Peter had seen the vision, Cornelius, who was called Maccabeus, sent three men to him. They would tell Peter that Cornelius wanted to speak to him. Peter would not listen to Maccabeus, because the Jews considered them to be wicked. (Acts 10:28, 29) But Peter continued to accept the instruction that Jehovah had given him. (Proverbs 4:18) He went to Cornelius and his whole household. And when Cornelius and his household accepted the truth, and their hearts were set on righteousness, and they were baptized, Peter rejoiced greatly.—Acts 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, it is necessary for us to hear the word of God with earnestness. But not only that, but also that we should be filled with the truths which are firm and practical. It is necessary for us to hope that we will hear the word of God with earnestness. If we do this, we will not be deceived.

8. How did Peter react when he realized that he had no direction from God?

9. When we learn the truths in the Bible, how can we be successful?

4 BUSINESS

11:33; Rev. 4:11) We learn another lesson in Peter’s case. That is, if there is a change in our understanding of God’s Word, we must accept it and change our minds and actions. Let us do so as Jehovah continues to guide us, and to work with us.

DO WHAT YOU WANT

10 If we want to please Jehovah, we must show our desire to do what is right in his sight. How can we do that? The Apostle Paul said: “Put off the old way” and put on “the new way.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) It would be a blessing to continue to put on the new way. Consider Paul’s life. As a young man, he had great hopes of doing things that would please God. (Gal. 1:14; Phil. Because he trusts the teachers of Christ and gives them his trust, he becomes “a servant,” which allows him to do things that are right in God’s sight.—1 Tim. 1:13.

11 Before Paul became a Christian, he was a man of bitterness. The book of Acts tells us that Paul’s bitterness toward Jesus’ followers was so great that he “worried that he might kill them.” (Acts 9:1) After Paul became a Christian, it is understandable that he was very anxious to get rid of them. (Eph. 4:22, 31) In spite of all this, when he disagreed with Barnabas over something, it “caused them great sorrow.” (Acts 15:37-39) This may have made Paul’s heart melt, but he did not die. He went on to ‘behave himself in the way of his own flesh.’ That is, he took his wives away so that he could please Jehovah.—1 Cor. 9:27.

12 As a result of putting his trust in Jehovah, Paul was able to put off his heavy burdens and put on his light clothing. (Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul put his trust in “the spirit that God gives.” (1 Pet. 4:11) However, sometimes Paul made mistakes that made his heart ache. When he did so, he remembered the good things his heavenly Father had done for him, and that gave him the strength to go out and help his brothers and sisters.—Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Whether we are serving Jehovah with this people or with this one, we should make every effort to feel comfortable in ourselves, and to submit ourselves to Jehovah’s guidance. If we do so, we will be following Paul’s example. But despite all our efforts, we may make some mistakes. For example, we may not be able to forgive ourselves, or we may complain to a brother about a wrongdoing. If that happens, it is best that we be gentle. However, we should make every effort to feel comfortable in ourselves, and to submit ourselves to Jehovah’s guidance. If we do so, we will be following Paul’s example. But despite all our efforts, we may make some mistakes. For example, we may not be able to forgive ourselves, or we may complain to a brother about a wrongdoing. If that happens, it is best that we be gentle. However, we should make every effort to feel comfortable in ourselves, and to submit ourselves to Jehovah’s guidance.

10. What should a person do to please God? (Colossians 3:8-10)

11. What changes did Paul have to make?

12. What helped Paul to get rid of the shame that lay on him?

13. What can we do to show that we are learning from Paul?

JANUARY 2026 5

We need to continue to learn God’s word, to give up our sins, and to let Jehovah protect us.

(Picture 18)

(Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) But there is one more important thing that we must endure. That is, if we are to continue to have good qualities, we must continue to observe the things that Jehovah expects of us. It is not that we must make the necessary changes in order to be able to do God’s will.

DO WHAT YOU WANT JEHOVAH TO DO FOR YOU

14 When we rejoice, we also rejoice in Jehovah. But what does Jehovah do to rejoice in us? And what must we do so that Jehovah will continue to rejoice in us?

15 King David was confident that Jehovah would preserve his soul in times of trouble. (Read Sl 27:5.) In what ways does Jehovah preserve his servants’ souls today? Jehovah preserves his servants’ souls from evil, or from anything that could not preserve his souls. It is likely that there is a judgment that would compel his servants to do so. (Sl 34:7; Isa 54:17) Although Satan and his descendants are still alive, they will not be able to entertain us forever. If they were destroyed, Jehovah would not be pleased with us. (1 Cor 15:55-57; Rev 21:10-12) 21:3, 4) Also, when we are in great trouble, Jehovah comforts us so that we can continue to serve him. (Prov. 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) He also gives us brothers and sisters to encourage us, and elders to help us in our daily lives. (Isa. 32:1, 2) And by attending congregational meetings, we learn better ways to show our love for Jehovah.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

14-15. In what ways does Jehovah guide His people today? (Acts 27:5) (See also the audio at the end of the book.)

6 BUSINESS

(2 Sam. 12:9, 10) At times, however, David felt that he had committed a sin. At such times, David prayed to Jehovah and told him how he felt, and Jehovah gave him the assurance that he loved him and would help him. This gave David courage.—Ps. 23:1-6.

17 When we pray to Jehovah and ask him to help us to walk in good judgment, we are learning from David. We should remember that if we obey Jehovah and walk in good judgment, he will forgive us for our sins. (Gal. 6:7, 8) But sometimes, we are faced with difficulties that make us think that we have committed a sin. When that happens, we can pray to Jehovah and tell him how we feel and ask him to reconcile our hearts and minds.—Phil. 4:6, 7.

16. In what ways did Jehovah help David?

17. In what way can we learn from David?

WHAT WILL YOU DO WHEN YOU GET RID OF YOUR BLOOD

18 In the year 2026 the proverb says: “Those who know that they have God’s guidance rejoice.” This is true in our time more than ever. Why? Because those who created us rejoice, yet they insist that they have God’s guidance. Instead, they hope to seek guidance from men, and in times of trouble. It is necessary that we let their thinking take hold of us. So, what should we do? We should study the Bible thoroughly, and we should put on the right clothes. And, it is necessary that we obey Jehovah so that he will continue to protect us.

18. How do our ancestors respond to God’s guidance, and what do we need to do so that Jehovah will continue to guide us? (See also the pictures.)

HIS TELEPHONE Call for Help: A brother who is seeking God's guidance goes to a church meeting to ask for help.

Chapter 6: The brother who seeks Jehovah’s guidance in his study of the New World Translation, his devotion to good works, and the nourishment and encouragement he seeks from the elders of the congregation.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO DO IF WE WANT TO APPLY JEHOVAH’S RULES TO...

■ By which Bible should we study?

■ what kind of clothing should we wear?

■ Should we let Jehovah control our lives?

LA 162

Ma Kase Mawu He Ní Daa

MARCH 9-15, 2026

LA 45 Ye Tsui Mi Susumi

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

We shouldn't think that we're bad or that we're crazy.

Let Jehovah Be Your God

“I am a man in need!”—ROM. 7:24.

WHAT do you think of the Apostle Paul? Some people think of him as a powerful evangelist, a powerful teacher, or a master of the Scriptures. If you think of him that way, then he is true. But sometimes he is also sad, angry, and depressed, just like us.

2. Read Romans 7:21-24. In his letter to the Romans, Paul makes it clear how he feels. And many of us feel the same way. It is true that Paul was a faithful Christian, but because of his sinfulness, he had no choice but to abandon the love of God. However, when Paul realized what he had done before he became a Christian, he felt sorry. And the pain he was suffering in his life made him feel bad.

3 Throughout this period of Paul’s life, the way he felt was a source of encouragement. In this lesson, we will consider the following questions: Why did Paul feel that he was “in trouble”? What did he do to avoid getting upset? And what can we do when we are upset?

* SURGERY: This case is about people who sometimes feel sad or happy. Parents of those who are sad should say that it is up to them to decide, not the doctors who prescribe the medication.

1-2. As it is with all of us, did Paul also suffer for a time? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What will we focus on in this lesson? (See also “The Meaning of the Word.”)

8

WHAT HAPPENED TO HAA AND PAULO HAA

4 What he would do. Before Paul became a Christian, he committed sin. For example, he pleaded for the righteous Stephen not to be put to death. (Acts 7:58; 8:1) In addition, he persecuted and harassed the Christians. —Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

5 When Paul became a Christian, at times he felt guilty of the sins he had committed. He was a man who greatly offended the Christians. Therefore, when he was in prison, when he remembered what he had done, it grieved him greatly. For example, when he wrote his private letter to the Corinthians in 55 B.C., he said: “I desire to be called an angel, because I am God’s servant in the church.” (1 Cor. 15:9) Later, in his letter to the Ephesians, he said that he was “the sickest man among the holy ones.” (Eph. 3:8) In his letter to Timothy, he also states that he was “a man of war and a man of words.” (1 Tim. 1:13) So, how would Paul have felt when he went to the churches and visited those who were sick or ill?

6 Someone is grieving. Paul refers to something that is grieving him. (2 Cor. 12:7) Paul indicates what exactly is causing the grief. But the word he uses indicates that it is a grief or an affliction that is causing him to be grieving.*

7. His shame. Because of his shame, Paul had a miserable life. (Read Romans 7:18, 19.) It is true that he wanted to do the right thing, but his shame forced him to do it. He says that whenever he wanted to do the right thing, his shame made it impossible for him. Yet he urges him to do the right thing. (1 Cor. 9:27) See how he could not be disappointed if he returned to doing something he had hoped to do!

WHEN PAULO PEE SAID HIS WORDS

8 We see in Paul’s letter that the Spirit of God is able to help him and his fellow Christians to watch over their wives, and to think of good things. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul describes the fruitfulness and good works that he wants Christians to do in order to please God. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) Thus, we see that Paul is watching over his wives, he seeks guidance from the Mother, and he sees what he should do with his wives. Therefore, we cannot say that he himself used the gift that he gave to others.

* Paul’s grief indicates that he was looking forward to something good. This made it difficult for him to send letters to the churches, and it made it difficult for him to have time to minister. (Gal. 4:15; 6:11) It is possible that Paul was grieving because of the criticism of the scribes. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) We do not know what these events caused Paul to grieve, but we do know that the criticism caused him to depress for some time.

4. What is it that grieves Paul?

5. How did Paul feel when he considered the things he was about to do?

6. What else was it that made Paul so sad? (e.g., death)

7. How did Paul feel about his sin? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What did Paul do to his disciples?

JANUARY 2026 9

7:6, 7) He was also encouraged by the friendship he had with his brethren. (2 Tim. 1:4) And he knew that Jehovah approved him. Indeed, Paul rejoiced because he knew that he was serving God with “heart and soul.” (2 Tim. 1:3) When he was imprisoned in Rome, Paul encouraged his brethren as “children in the Lord.” (Phil. 4:4) If you think about the words of his apostles, you would think that he was struggling. However, when difficulties came to his judgment, he hoped that he would continue to think of good things so that he would have joy again.

10 Another thing that encouraged Paul and helped him to remain calm was that he saw the vision as a gift. (Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) Therefore, he was confident that Jehovah had put his sins on Jesus Christ. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Although Paul was troubled by his sins, he continued to “serve God in the right way” with joy.—Heb. 9:12-14.

11 Like Paul, perhaps we feel that we should always speak our minds in the presence of God. Perhaps we too feel that we are failing! A sister named Eliza, who is 20 years older than Paul, said: “It gives me strength to think about Paul’s struggles. Knowing that it is only me that I am struggling makes me feel stronger. This reminds me that Jehovah knows all the struggles of his servants.” Like Paul, what can we do to keep our spirits uplifted and our hearts cheerful?

WHAT WE MAY TELL YOU ABOUT YOU

12 For we know what is good in the company of God. When we do what is good in the sight of God, we have a good judgment. This is the reason why we are able to do what is good in the sight of God, so that we may live a good life in the sight of God. When we do what is good, we live a good life; and when we do what is evil, we die a bad life. Likewise, when we hear the word of God, when we attend the church, when we go to the church, and when we give ourselves to the ministry, we rejoice. These things will encourage us so that we will not suffer in this life.—Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 For example, consider John, who was 39 years old when he was diagnosed with cancer. At the end of his life, he was devastated and asked himself, ‘What will happen to me when I die?’

* Names changed.

9-10. What were some of the things that encouraged Paul and helped him to remain steadfast? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also audio.)

11. Why is Paul’s example encouraging to us?

12. What do we need to do in order to be joyful?

13-14. How do some brothers and sisters respond to God’s commands?

10 BUSINESS

Although Paul wanted to make his life miserable, the vision comforted him in his thoughts.

(Pictures 9-10)

What helped John cope with the loss? He said, “After all of this loss, I am hopeful that I and my family will do things that will strengthen our relationship with Jehovah. We go to church, we go to the movies, and we do our family worship every day. We do these things if it makes sense for us to do so.” Then John said, “In the days of our suffering, maybe later, we will be very sad, but I will find that when it comes to me, we will see that Jehovah loves us and is helping us cope. Jehovah can give me the strength that he gave me.”

14 An elderly woman named Eliza says: “Every time I go to a congregation meeting to serve my children, I am reassured by my mother’s assurance that Jehovah cares for me and loves me. That gives me joy.”

His experience as a field worker in Africa inspired him and his wife, Diane, to say: “Even though we are in a difficult situation, we are thankful for what we do in the name of God. Jehovah helps us and we are always joyful. We know that Jehovah will help us, but we don’t know how he will do it.”

15 There are also certain things which we may do, when we are afflicted, or when we are in a troubled condition. This is not without virtue. You may say that I am afflicted; and because you desire that I should be afflicted, you do not see me at all times. But if you would know what I am afflicted with, or what I am in a troubled condition, it will not be necessary for you to do these things.

15. What can we do when we are in trouble? Let me give you an example.

JANUARY 2026 11

Moo kase lintho nɛ ma wo mo he wami

(Figure 17)

In the same way, if we want to know what to do to cure the pain we are experiencing in our lives, we may look in the Bible and the church records, or we may seek the advice of a Christian who has suffered. Let us also look at some alternatives that may help us.

16 Pray to Jehovah to help you know what exactly is hurting you. King David knew that Jehovah knew him well. Therefore, he asked Jehovah to help him know his “painful thoughts.” (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You, too, can ask Jehovah to help you know what is hurting you, and what you can do to ease it. You can ask yourself questions such as, ‘What is it in life that is causing me to grieve? Is there something that I eat that makes me grieve so much? Am I a person who tends to think about things that are hurting me rather than make a wise decision?

17 Study the things that concern your future in your daily life. Sometimes it may be necessary for you to learn more about Jehovah’s principles. If you do so, you will have great success. For example, when the apostle Paul described his vision of how Jehovah would punish sin, he had great success. You too should do the same.

16. What will help you to know what troubles you? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

17. What are some encouraging messages that you can learn from? (See also the picture.)

12 BUSINESS

Do so. You may want to look in the Research Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses, the Watch Tower Publications Index, or the congregation’s publications in your language. If you find something that will help you, write it down. You may want to take a moment to think about what it would be tough for you to read, so that when you feel down, you can repent and be strengthened. Try to put your repentance into practice.—Phil. 4:8.

18 The elderly woman named Eliza looked at the example of Job. She said: “His life was like Job’s. He faced hardships. Although Job knew what brought the hardships on him, he called on Jehovah even in the most difficult times.” (Job 42:1-6) The elderly woman named Diane said: “My husband and I learned about Jehovah’s values from the congregation’s books. We are glad that Jehovah is helping us to do our work like him. When we make mistakes and our circumstances are difficult, we know that Jehovah is helping us to have good values. That is why we long for him.”—Isa. 64:8.

THIS IS WHAT I WANT YOU TO DO

19 If we follow all the advice given in this chapter, there will be times when we may be disappointed and disheartened. But if we do so, we can rest assured that Jehovah is with us. Because we have a good relationship with Jehovah, and because he is pleased with what we do for him, we can rest assured that we will do well and be pleased.

20 Let us pray that we will not let our troubles, our works, or our sorrows take away our joy. When we are sad, Jehovah will give us joy. (Psalm 143:10) We look forward to the day when we will be able to think of such good things. Then we will also be sad, but we will rejoice in serving Jehovah, our loving God.

18. How did the experiences of some brothers affect them?

19. Why do we think that certain things are possible, and what are the reasons for this?

20. What do you want me to do?

WHAT TO DO?

■ Why did the apostle Paul sometimes feel that he was in trouble?

■ What encouraged Paul to continue to serve Jehovah with joy in the midst of his troubles?

■ When we are ill, what can we do?

LA 34

Ma Pee Nɔ́ Nɛ Da

MARCH 16-22, 2026

LA 20

O Ngɔ O Bi Nɛ O Fiɛ We E He ɔ Kɛ Ha

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

In this way, Jehovah will forgive us our iniquities, we will be cleansed, and there will be good relations between us and Jehovah.

14

How We See the World

“Who will deliver me from the hand of the man with whom I am in this world?”—ROM. 7:24.

It seems to him that a tree fell on a man. The man died, but he could not put the tree down. Now what can he do? The only thing he can do is to cry and be taken down.

2 And so we all have fallen into sin. In what sense? Because Adam sinned, he became a child of sin. And because we are his children, we also have fallen into sin. Therefore, all men have fallen into sin, and we need a redeemer. The Apostle Paul explains how we all have fallen into sin in his letter to the Romans. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) Paul asked for salvation “from the sin of this world.” Paul’s hope for salvation from Adam was that the sinful nature would die. (Rom. 6:23) We, too, are in this sinful world, and we need someone to save us.

3 When Paul was speaking about the suffering and death he had experienced, he asked, “Who will save me from the wrath of this world?” And he answered, “Grace be to God through Jesus Christ our Lord!” (Rom. 7:25) Paul was speaking about the redemptive sacrifice of Jesus.

* The Purpose of Atonement: Atonement is the act of giving up one's life for the sake of someone else, or for the sake of taking someone else's life. The purpose of the sacrifice of Jesus was to atone for the sins of mankind.

1-2. What is our condition, and why do we need a savior? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also the audio.)

3. How do we know that we do not see?

Just as a man who commits evil needs food and shelter, so do we need someone to save us from the effects of sin (see paragraphs 1-2).

(1) Jehovah will forgive us our sins, (2) we will be forgiven in the future, and (3) we will have a good relationship with Jehovah. Considering these things will help us to grow in our love for Jehovah, ‘the God who gives life.’ (Rom. 15:13) Thus, our trust in Jesus will increase. For “it is for this reason that we have given up ourselves to the vision.”—Col. 1:14.

WHY DO WE NEED JEHOVAH’S HELP?

(Read Proverbs 7:20.) But there are some sins that are more grievous than others. For example, the Law of Moses says that if a man kills another or commits adultery, he must be put to death. (Leviticus 20:10; Numbers 35:30, 31) But there are some sins that are more grievous than others, and they are even sins. For example, David said: “Look at my soul, lest I speak against it.” (Psalm 39:1) This means that even our words cannot be a plea against us.—James 3:2.

5 My dear brother, when you tell someone to do something, do you think that what you say is right? Do you think that what you do is right? It would be good if we all answered these questions, i.e. The Bible says: “If we say, ‘Peace be to us,’ we lie to ourselves, and the truth is not in us.”—1 John 1:8

6 According to this vision, Jehovah takes our iniquities upon us. (Eph. 1:7) Although Jehovah does not take our iniquities upon us, this does show that when we commit a sin, He is sorry for it. Indeed, He knows that we will sin. (Isa. 59:2) But because Jehovah is merciful, He has provided a way for Himself to take our iniquities upon us.

7 The Law of Moses commanded the Israelites to offer sacrifices to the Lord.

4-5. Why are we all destitute of sight? (Proverbs 7:20)

6-7. What will Jehovah do to take away our sins? (See also the video.)

JANUARY 2026 15

(Leviticus 4:27-31; 17:11) The sacrifices of the Israelites represented the atoning sacrifice of Jesus, without which we would not have everlasting blessings. Jehovah would rely on the death of Jesus to take away our sins. Paul referred to the heavenly sacrifice of Jesus in his first letter to the Corinthians. When he spoke of the short time it would take for them to become Christians, he said to them: “I beseech you, be of good heart; I entreat you; I trust in you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and in the glory of our God.”—1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 Before you go to see this man, remember how Jehovah forgives sins, and be confident that you will not be guilty. For example, if you have committed a sin that is reproachful to you, because of the vision, you should give yourself the opportunity to be reproved. Does it matter to you that you do not feel that your sins have been forgiven?

8. If you are going to Kaimi this year, what should you think about?

Maybe you say to yourself, ‘I know that Jehovah forgives sin, but this sin, I myself think he will forgive.’ If you think so, remember that it was not Jehovah who gave his Son the authority to save mankind. Jehovah gave neither himself nor anyone else the authority to decide whether it is right for Jehovah to forgive or not to forgive. The Bible says: “If we walk in the law as he [Jehovah] himself is in the law,... the blood of his Son Jesus cleanses us from all sin.” (1 John 1:6, 7) If this is true of us, then it is also true of our Bible teachers. Jehovah’s example shows that he is willing to forgive us for our sins, for his Word says that he “forgives without reproach.”—Dt 86:5.

WHAT DO YOU DO IF YOU DON’T HAVE A BUSINESS?

9 In the Bible, the word “will” means to do something.

9. In the Bible, what does the sinful seed mean? (see Psalm 51:5)

The sacrifice of the calf for sin makes the atoning sacrifice of Jesus for the sins of the world perfect (chapters 6-7).

16 BUSINESS

(Read Psalm 51:5 and 6.) This resurrection does not only cause us to sin, but it also causes us to die. This is why we all die. This is also why both good and evil people die. Because of Adam’s sin, we all die.

10 Notice how Adam and Eve must have felt when they sinned. The sin they committed was very powerful on their minds. After Adam and Eve sinned, their minds were immediately corrupted. For they obeyed the law in their “hearts.” (Rom. 2:15) They felt that something was wrong in them. Therefore, they felt it necessary to take it to their natural man, and to rebel against their Creator as if a man would rebel against him. (Gen. 3:7, 8) Now it is clear that Adam and Eve’s minds were corrupted, they sinned, and the devil killed them. This ritual allowed them to live until the day they died.—Genesis 3:16-19.

11 Because of our sinful nature, there are times when we are overwhelmed, angry, and upset. The trials and tribulations that we face are also sinful. If we are hopeful, we will be able to deal with them. Why? Because, as the Bible says, evil things are “put in the hearts of men.” (Rom. 8:20) This is true for all people. For example, today, many people have the hope to rejoice, to overcome difficulties, and to help others to have the things that are necessary in life, and not to lose hope. But all their hopes were dashed. In what way can we be saved from these troubles?

12 The vision gives us the assurance that ‘the wicked will be made slaves of their own judgment.’ (Rom. 8:21) This means that if we are in paradise, we will also be in hell. Therefore, we will be guilty and we will be humble. The way we have chosen to avoid hell and live in joy will be made possible because of Jesus Christ, the one who saved us and who will “come and go.”—Isa. 9:6, 7.

13 See to it that you do this when you are dark. During the day, you will have a good life with someone else, you will be afraid that you will lose your loved ones, that you will sleep, or that you will die. At the same time, you can be encouraged by ‘burning with the fire of the faith that is in you, like a fire that burns in a furnace.’ (Heb. 6:18, 19) Just as you burn with fire, your faith as a Christian will make your fire burn, and it will help you to overcome all the trials that you face. Indeed, you can rest assured that Jehovah “makes the hearts of those who long for him to rejoice.” —Heb. 11:6.

10. What were the consequences when Adam and Eve sinned?

11. How does the light we see affect our feelings?

12. What kind of feeling does seeing it give us?

13. If you are delighted with this year’s Kaimi, what else can you think of?

JANUARY 2026 17

Jesus’ death alone could restore peace between Jehovah and mankind (Paragraph 16)

for if you are not afraid of the present, you will not be afraid of the future.

WHAT DOES IT IMPLY THAT A PERFECT RELATIONSHIP WILL HAVE WITH JEHOVAH?

14 When Adam and Eve sinned, mankind sinned against God. The Bible teaches that mankind sinned against their Creator. (Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because Jehovah hates sin. The Bible says of Jehovah: “For thou art righteous, and hast seen iniquity, and hast seen that iniquity continues.” (Hab. 1:13) Therefore, we believe that no one can see God unless he puts something as a bridge between us and our God, and we follow him. And it is only the vision that can carry out this function.

15 The Bible says that Jesus was “the atoning sacrifice for our sins.” (1 John 2:2) In what way did Jehovah use the atonement to pay for our sins? Indeed, it was God’s will that his Son should die. But in order for his Son to die, Jehovah revealed his mercy. His death made it possible for Jehovah to find a way to make atonement between him and mankind. (Rom. 3:23-26) He even treated those who had served him faithfully before Jesus’ death as redeemed. (Genesis 15:1, 6) In what way? Jehovah used the atonement and the promise of the future to redeem them. He is confident that His Son, Jesus, will give Himself as a perfect sacrifice. (Isa. 46:10) This sacrifice provides the means for a good relationship between man and God.

16 See how, according to the vision, there is a good relationship between us and our God. For example, you may call Jehovah “Father,” as Jesus taught us. (Matt. 6:9) And sometimes, you may even call Jehovah “Father.” Whether we call Jehovah “Father” or “Father,” it is important to remember that Jehovah is the “Father.”

14. How does sin separate us from our Father, and why?

15. In what way does the vision separate us from God, and what does it mean?

16. What else can we consider before this year’s Quasimodo? (See also the picture.)

18 HYƐƆMI MƆ

Why? Because we are sinful, we can’t be righteous toward Jehovah. If we are, we can’t be righteous toward Jehovah. Jehovah has “put [Jesus] in the midst of all things, in the midst of the crucifixion, that he might bring forth righteousness.” (Col. 1:19, 20) That’s why, even now that we are sick, we can still have a good relationship with Jehovah.

HOW WE CAN SEE JEHOVAH AS OUR FATHER

17 This example shows that Jehovah’s “mercy is infinite.” And “even if we die in our sins, we will live.” (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) And “all who have good things that lead to life” cried out to eat and drink, because they saw that sinfulness was a sinful way of life, and that there was no one who could eat it. (Acts 13:48) Jehovah answered his prayer by teaching them the good news of the Kingdom. This would lead them to know him as God, and Jesus as his Son. (John 17:3) When Satan thought that Adam and Eve’s sin would undermine God’s purpose, he was deceived.

18 When we consider the sins we have committed, it should be very important to our judgment that Jehovah has not committed them only because of the sins we will commit. We should know that he has committed them in response to the temptation of his son Satan in the Garden of Eden. (Genesis 3:1-5, 15) Jehovah has committed them to uphold his name. Therefore, he continues to save us from sin and death to show that he is a loving God. It is true that we have committed sin, but because Jehovah is merciful, he also gives us a way to show that Satan is a liar. (Proverbs 27:11) So, what can you do to show your appreciation? We will find the answer to this question in the next chapter.

17. In what way does our sight indicate that Jehovah sees us? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

18. In view of what we are seeing, what should we believe?

WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THE WORLD...

■ Why are we guilty?

■ wa maa ye mluku ekohu?

■ How can we have a good relationship with Jehovah’s Witnesses?

LA 19

The Lady of the Lake

MARCH 23-29, 2026

LA 18

On Our Future Prospects

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

What we should all do to show that we rejoice in what we see.

Who Wants to Be Your Successor?

“The love of Christ dwells in us.”—2 CORINTHIANS 5:14.

Imagine that a false tree is planted on your property, and someone tries to take you down. How would you react? If someone else is trying to take you down for his or her own sake, it is unlikely that you would want to take him down to show him that you appreciate what he has done for you.

2 We have seen in the work of salvation that we have a Savior from sin and death. We have seen that through the atoning sacrifice of Jesus, (1) our sins can be forgiven, (2) we have the assurance that we will not be condemned, and (3) we can have a good relationship with our God. Therefore, we have the assurance that we will live forever in the paradise that Jehovah has prepared for us. Indeed, we have seen that Jesus loved mankind, and that He loved mankind even when He was on the cross. (Proverbs 8:30, 31) The Apostle Paul said that “the love of Christ is in us.” (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) That is, we should let the love Jesus showed for us inspire us to show our appreciation for his precious sacrifice.

3 What do you do to show that you love Him? It is up to each person to answer this question. For example, suppose that there are three people who are on the same road, but they are all connected. Because they are connected, each one has a place to go to pray. Similarly, because there is a bond between each one of us and Jehovah, it is up to each one of us to show that he loves Him. Therefore, this lesson will teach us that: (1) our Bible readers, (2) baptized Christians,

1-2. What should Jesus’ miraculous sacrifice empower us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also the audio.)

3. Why is it so important for each of us to do what we think is right?

20

If you have committed a sin or are in a relationship with someone who has committed a sin, you should repent. In the same way, we should repent to Jehovah and Jesus for saving us from sin and death (Paragraphs 1-2).

and (3) those who attend church meetings should demonstrate a desire to do so.

BIBELLO KASELI

4 As you study the Bible with them, keep in mind: “How you act in the good news will depend on your attitude toward those whom Jehovah loves and wants to be friends with.” (John 6:44; Leviticus 13:48) “Jehovah is one who sees.” That is, he sees your efforts to learn about him, and he is pleased to see that you are making changes in order to please him. (Proverbs 17:3; 27:11) If you do so, you can have a good relationship with Jehovah. (Rom. 5:10, 11) Don’t allow this to happen.

5 As you study the Bible, what can you do to show that you rejoice in what you see? One thing you can do is to apply the advice of the apostle Paul to the Philippians. He said: “Wherever we go, let us continue to walk in the same way.” (Phil. 3:16) Another Bible interpreter put it this way: “Let us continue to walk in the way we are going.” So, don’t let anything hurt you on your way.—Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 What should you do if you are unsure about a Bible truth that you are about to learn? Study it, and pray to Jehovah to help you ponder it carefully. (Ps. 86:11) But if you are still unsure, do not stop reading the Bible. At any rate, ponder it. And what if you are unsure about something that will not please Jehovah? Know that Jehovah allows humans to do what they can never do. Therefore, you cannot defy his will. (Read Deu. 30:11-14.) Jehovah promises to help you. (Isa. 41:10, 13; 1 Cor. 10:13) Therefore, don’t be disappointed.

4. What does Jehovah expect from Bible students?

5. How can Philippians 3:16 be applied to the Bible?

6. What can Bible students do if they are concerned about making changes or rejecting the truth? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also video.)

JANUARY 2026 21

Jehovah wants us to do what he wants us to do. He will help us to do what he wants us to do.

(Figure 6)

Don’t decide what to do at the meetings, but decide what to do to show your appreciation for all that Jehovah has done for you. Your attitude also depends on these things. As your love for Jehovah grows, you will find that “he loves those who love him.”—1 John 5:3.*

7 What about those of you who study the Bible with your parents? I am sure that you too are Bible students, and that you love your parents very much. The Bible says: “Be obedient to God, and he will be obedient to you.” (James 4:8; 1 Chronicles 28:9) If you are stubborn in your obedience to Jehovah, he will be obedient to you too. Not because your parents serve Jehovah, but because Jehovah loves you. He loves all people.

* To help you stay on track with your Bible study, use the “Things You Should Never Forget” chart in the Enjoy Life Forever! booklet for each day of the week.

7. What should parents consider when studying the Bible with their children?

(Rom. 5:1, 2) Therefore, as you prepare to go to the feast this year, think carefully about what Jehovah and Jesus have done for you, and let it strengthen you to stand firm in the task of serving God, showing that you rejoice in seeing the gift that Jehovah has given you through his Son.*

CHRISTOFORE AT HIS BAPTISM

8 By being baptized, you are showing that you rejoice in what Jehovah and Jesus have done for you. For example, you have made changes in your life that will help you to live out Jehovah’s love for you. You have accepted Jesus as your Savior, and you are willing to help others. You have given your life to Jehovah and have been baptized. Perhaps you have also been baptized because of the faith you have professed. (2 Tim. 3:12) Being baptized shows that you love Jehovah and rejoice in seeing what he has done for you through his Son.—Heb. 12:2, 3.

9 But if we have been baptized, let us be sure that we have been baptized in him, that if we are in him, we may perhaps also be in him. In what sense? Consider the Christians who are at Ephesus.

* For more tips on how to stand firm in the service of God, see the article, “Wives and Husbands—‘Be Mindful of Your Husbands’,” in The Watchtower December 2017.

8. What do baptized Christians do to show that they rejoice in seeing it?

9. What should those who are baptized be careful about?

22 HYƐƆMI MƆ

(Acts 2:3, 4) As Jesus said, a Christian’s love for God’s church can never fade. A Christian prays, attends church meetings, and attends concerts. But perhaps he does these things out of love. Instead, he sees them as a matter of doing and doing. What can you do if you find that your love for Jehovah is fading?

10 The Apostle Paul instructed Timothy to ‘put his mind on’ the things of God’s Kingdom and to ‘think about them.’ (Read 1 Timothy 4:13, 15.) You, too, may want to think about what you can do to ‘be aglow with the spirit.’ (Rom. 12:11; see the study note entitled “Be aglow with the spirit.”) For example, you may want to cheer yourself up when you go to a congregation meeting so that you will be more motivated to attend. Just as food is given to a bird to keep it healthy, if you do these things, your love for what Jehovah has done for you and your desire to see it will grow stronger. So, if it is a few years before you become a Christian, you may feel guilty about the blessings you have as a Jehovah’s Witness. It is likely that this will make your love for what he has done for you and your desire to see it grow stronger, and that will make you more loyal to Jehovah.

10. How do you apply Paul’s letter to Timothy? (1 Timothy 4:13, 15)

Try to do things that will please Jehovah, even if he doesn’t want you to do them (See paragraphs 11-12).

11 If you say that you are a sailor, and that you have lost your courage in the service of God, do not be dismayed, and do not think that God has given you his courage. Do you remember the words of the apostle Paul to the Corinthians? He said to them: “But if I do not work out of love, I still have a ministry entrusted to me by the Father.” (1 Cor. 9:17) What is Paul referring to?

12 At times, he ordered Paul to pray. However, as he thought about all things, he asked him to continue praying. You too can do so. Ask God to help you to have “the courage and the strength... to do it.” (Phil. 2:13) Try to do things that please Jehovah. By doing these things, you will be confident that your love for Jehovah will grow.

11-12. Doesn’t it mean that God has His Spirit in you if you do not obey God’s commands? Tell us. (See also the video.)

JANUARY 2026 23

Ask yourself, ‘What do I need to do now to “renew” my relationship with Jehovah?’—Paragraph 16.

JW.ORG

13 As 2 Corinthians 13:5 suggests, we should be willing to correct others. It says: “Continue to correct yourselves, and do not behave as if you were in a mess; continue to correct yourselves, so that you may show the grace that is in you.” At times, we may ask ourselves: ‘Am I struggling for the Kingdom in my life?’ (Matt. 6:33) ‘Does my behavior indicate that I am guilty?’ (Ps. 97:10) ‘Am I looking for praise and praise in the church?’ (Eph. 4:2, 3) Our journey will encourage us to bear witness to what Jehovah has given us. It will also encourage us to examine ourselves to see if we are doing things that will please Christ rather than things that will please us.*

WHY YOU SHOULD HAVE A BETTER SOLUTION

14 Some of our faithful brothers and sisters sometimes hold congregation meetings with those who have served Jehovah faithfully for a long time. Why is that? Some of them have been influenced by the “evil spirits of this world.” (Luke 21:34) Others have been offended by the words or actions of their fellow Christians. (James 3:2) But others have committed a sin of envy in order to avoid eating and drinking. If you are influenced by these evil spirits and this is preventing you from attending congregation meetings, what can you do? What should you be encouraged to do by seeing that Jehovah loves you?

15 Consider how Jehovah looks at those who have broken his covenant. He does not reject them, but seeks a way to help them return to him. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Couldn’t Jehovah look for a way for you? Yes! This Word you are studying shows that you want to make it right. Jehovah sees something good in your heart, and he will help you return to the truth.

* For tips on how to continue to serve God, see the article “What Motivates You to Serve God?” in the June 15, 1995, issue of The Watchtower.

13. What should we do to show that we are watching over ourselves and that we are “eating and drinking”?

14. What may cause some brothers to lose the spirit of the church?

15. What does Jehovah do to show that he cares for those who break the covenant? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

24 HYƐƆMI MƆ

16 An encouraging verse is found in Jehovah’s Witness. The witness says: “Be confident that Jehovah will help you if you return to him. He will help you to forget your doubts, to forgive others, to have a good heart, and to rejoice. This will give you the strength to love and serve Jehovah’s servants.” Also, remember that the congregation’s elders promised to help you. It is like ‘seeing the rivers, and not going to the rivers of the rivers.’ (Isa. 32:2) To show that you are delighted with your vision, ask yourself, ‘What should I do now to “renew” my relationship with Jehovah?’ (Isa. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) For example, you might schedule a congregation meeting at the Kingdom Hall. You might tell one of the elders that you would like them to help you “renew” your relationship with Jehovah. Perhaps they will arrange a time for you to study the Bible with them again. If you pray and hope that you will not be discouraged by your vision, you can be confident that Jehovah will help you.

WHAT DO YOU NEED?

17 Jesus said that he gave the vision “so that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have life.” (John 3:16) By this vision Jesus will save us from sin and death. We should see the vision as something that will save us. (Rom. 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) While it is hard enough for us to be like Cain, we can use the time we have to reflect on the love that Jehovah and Jesus have shown us, so that it will give us strength to show courage.

18 What can you do to show your appreciation? It’s hard for anyone to answer this question. But if you take the time to visit Jehovah’s thousands of faithful servants who “live not for themselves, but for him for whom he died,” you can rest assured that Jehovah will be grateful to you.—2 Cor. 5:15.

16. How can we help those who have lost faith in the congregation to return to Jehovah? (See also the video.)

17-18. What should we do if we have to go to the temple?

WHAT YOU SHOULD SAY AND DO DEPENDENT ON THE PROBLEM

■ If they study the Bible with me?

■ Are you a Christian and have been baptized?

■ Is there a church in your area?

LA 14

Mo Je Zugba a Nɔ Mɛ Ehe ɔ Yi

MARCH 30–APRIL 5, 2026

LA 76

Do You Know Where It's At?

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

We must find a way to present the truth of the Bible in a way that convinces people.

A Guide to Understanding the Truth of the Bible

‘Jehovah, the True God.’—AC 31:5.

When we meet our fellow Christians in private, we ask ourselves, “How did you come to know the truth?” Some say, “I was educated in the truth.” Others say, “This is the only way I will ever know the truth.” We answer these questions because the truth we learn from the Bible gives us strength to live it. We also know that if we rejoice in the truth of the Bible, and apply it in our lives, we will continue to nourish Jehovah’s family. And the only way we can do so is to be truthful in our words and deeds.—Psalm 15:1-3

2 When Jesus came to earth, He spoke the truth in all things. Although His disciples were displeased with some of the things He said, they themselves affirmed that Jesus spoke the truth. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus told His followers to be faithful to His teachings. He said, “My will is that there may be no division among men, but that the son may have his father, and the son may have his mother, and the son may have his grandfather.” (Matt. 10:35) Although Jesus wanted people to have their own judgment about what He and His disciples were discussing, He nevertheless stayed true to Himself. (Matt. 23:37) Jesus knew that the seed he was

1. What do we need to do to become Jehovah’s servants?

2. (a) How did people follow Jesus? (b) How did the truths Jesus taught influence people?

26

Some will accept the truth, and some will not.—2 Thess. 2:9-11.

3 Just as Jesus did, we also hope to speak the truth, so that people will love us. We know that some people may not like us, but we do try to speak the truth of the Bible. Does that mean that we should be concerned about how we speak the truth of the Bible? No, it is not! In this chapter, we will look at the question: How can we know the truth? Next, we will see why we should speak the truth of the Bible, how we should speak the truth of the Bible, and why we should speak the truth of the Bible. The answers to these questions will help us to speak the truth of the Bible with confidence.

WHY SHOULD WE READ THE CHAPTER?

4 Jehovah is truth. All that he says is truth. For example, God’s promises concerning the past and the future are true. (Sm 19:9; 119:142, 151) And all that he promises about the future will come true. (Isa 55:10, 11) He keeps his promises. (Numbers 23:19) Jehovah can never be deceived! (Heb 6:18) Therefore, it is right for Jehovah to be called “the true God.”—Sm 31:5.

(Rom. 1:20) When the apostle Paul was speaking to the Greek writers in Athens, he made it clear that God wanted us to “see him,” and that “he takes care of every one of us.” (Acts 17:27) It seems that Jehovah wants those who sincerely seek him to come to him.—John 6:44.

1:20, 21) Therefore, all the words of the Bible are true, and we should believe them. For example, we cannot believe that the Bible tells us how the world was made, and how we should live. (Gen. 1:1, 26) Nor can we believe that the Bible tells us how we all fell into sin, and how we will die. (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) Therefore, we can be confident that, as the Bible says, through Jesus, Jehovah will bring about all that Satan, “the devil who calls himself God,” has promised. (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) And we can be confident that the Bible’s promises that Jesus will destroy sin, bring about the end of hell, and bring about the end of evil will be fulfilled. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) Jehovah teaches us the truth about himself, and he has given us the opportunity to teach others as well. This is the opportunity that Jehovah has given us!—Matt. 28:19, 20.

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

4. Why can we say that Jehovah gave him the truth?

5. Why is it necessary to seek the “true God” other than Himself? (Proverbs 17:27)

6. What are some of the truths in the Bible, and why do you rejoice in knowing them?

JANUARY 2026 27

When You Teach Others the Truth, Are You Changing Their Judgment? (paragraphs 7-8)

WHY WE USE THE BIBLE CHAPTERS

7 As we said earlier, if we want to serve Jehovah’s family, we must be truthful. But if we want to serve Jehovah, he requires more than just truthfulness. Why is truthfulness so important to Jehovah? Consider what happened when Jesus was doing his ministry in the desert. (Read Mark 3:11, 12.) While Jesus was fishing near the Sea of Galilee, many people wanted to kill him. Those possessed by demons also wanted to kill him. They came to Jesus and cried out, “You are the Son of God.” Why did the demons testify the truth about Jesus? Perhaps they feared that if they did so, the people in the place would not believe them.

What the demons said about Jesus was true, but they did not believe it. Jesus was pleased with what they said, because he knew what they were thinking. In fact, Jesus sent the demons to speak against him with authority.

8 What can we learn from this story? Jehovah loves us because we apply the Bible’s truth. We should teach people the truth about Jehovah because we love him. And if people want to be our followers, we should leave it entirely to Jehovah.—Matt. 5:16; see Proverbs 14:12-15.

9 And if at any time it should be necessary for us to be offended, let him, as a brother who has authority in the church, tell us the truth. Then we also will tell him.

7-8. Why is it important to use the Bible’s truth? He gave an example. (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also the slides.)

9. What should we do, and why?

28 HYƐƆMI MƆ

Proverbs 11:13 says, “But if we speak the truth, we do not speak the truth for ourselves; but if we speak the truth for others, we do not speak the truth for ourselves; but if we speak the truth for others, we do not speak the truth for ourselves; but if we speak the truth for others, we do not speak the truth for ourselves; but if we speak the truth for others, we do not speak the truth for ourselves.”

WHY WE SHOULD EXPLAIN THE BIBLE’S MESSAGE

10 Read Colossians 4:6. The apostle Paul instructed the Christians in Colosse to “speak every time.” What does this mean? The Greek word for “speak” means “to speak,” and we should speak with gentleness, whether it is to cheer our elders or to upset them.

10. What does it mean when it says, “bring your wives”? (Colossians 4:6)

11 When we teach the truth to others, we should use Paul’s style of speaking. According to the Bible, the truths of God’s word are like clothing that penetrates the skin, and can penetrate the heart and mind. In one sense, the Bible can stimulate our intellect and our reasoning. (Heb. 4:12) But if we use the Bible carefully, we can impart the truth to others, and we can impart justice. In what way?

12 For example, suppose you are in a movie and you meet a man who prays to the angels, and he and his family celebrate Christmas and Easter. Perhaps you can use the Bible to instruct him in his decision to pray to the angels, and celebrate Christmas and Easter as well.

11-12. Why should we be careful when teaching the truth? Give an example. (See also the pictures.)

How can we teach the truth to others? (Paragraphs 11-12)

Learn from Jesus’ example how to teach the truth and what to teach (Paragraph 15)

(Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) If we do so in the day of our coming, it is not that we deny the truth, but that we serve the Word of God earnestly.

13 Paul also says that we should speak as if we had been taught. Paul is talking about following the truth, or as if we had been taught. In other words, he is saying that we should speak as if we had been taught, so that in some way, if the elders were ‘to be deceived’, he might teach them. (Job 12:11) But doing so would be unfortunate. In the course of one’s own learning, it may seem to us that if we have been taught a lesson, it will be taught to others as well. Likewise, we may think that everything depends on how we speak. But that is not the case. For example, there are some who, because of their feelings, speak out loudly even when they are speaking to their superiors. But there are others who, because of their beliefs, if someone speaks out loudly, they consider him to be speaking out loud. Paul says that we need to know how to ‘respond to everyone.’ Therefore, we should not be afraid to speak out loudly or to be disciplined in our speech, but rather our speech should be such that it pleases our superiors.

THEY WANT YOU TO BE THE SECOND

14 At all times Jesus talked with his disciples in the desert, and taught them all things in spirit. (Mark. 6:34) His disciples had all things to learn, but Jesus promised to teach them all that He knew. Because He knew their brother, He felt that He should teach them some truths. Jesus knew that they would be able to accept their truths. (John. 16:12) What does this tell us?

13. What should we do to ensure that our words are heard and taken seriously?

14. When Jesus was in prison, did He tell His disciples everything He knew? Yes.

30 HYƐƆMI MƆ

15 The example of Jesus shows us that if a person knows the truth, he must teach others what he knows. What way should we go to follow Jesus? Let us consider the life of these men. Consider the example of the man who celebrated Easter with his family. We know that the disciples came to our church, and God was pleased with it. But it requires that you study the Bible with this man for a year or two before they celebrate Easter. If you tell them what the Bible says about their roles in society, and you hope that they will follow your example, will that mean that you are bringing joy into their lives? While some Bible students continue to apply what they learn, others may feel that it is too early to make changes. Telling our Bible students what they know is right may help them to make changes.—Read Proverbs 25:11.

15. Should we teach our Bible students everything we know at once? Teach wisely. (Proverbs 25:11) (See also audio.)

16 We rejoice in all things when we speak to someone who has a good opinion of Jehovah. But if we want our listeners to ‘go on walking in the truth,’ we must do the following: Be a good example to them. (3 John 3, 4) Show clearly how you live according to the commandments of God, so that you may speak the truth with good judgment. Therefore, when you teach the truth to people, you must do so with humility. Use all words with care, and give all your grief to Jehovah. By doing so, you show that you serve Jehovah, the true God.

16. In what way will you help your Bible students to ‘go forward in the truth’?

TELEPHONE CALL 29: In the first phone call, a man sees a woman in a man’s house, and sends a message to the man in a church journal that she is a prostitute. In the second phone call, the man sends a message to the woman that she is a prostitute. Which of the two messages will make the woman feel more comfortable?

WHAT DOES HE SAY ABOUT HIS MEMBERS?

■ Ní Tsumi 17:27

Colossians 4:6

■ Proverbs 25:11

LA 160 “Sane Kpakpa”!

HYƐƆMI MƆ

LOOKING FOR GOD’S HELP IN HIS WORLD

January 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 1 DANGME

MUNYUHI AND NGƐ MI

Cities to be visited from 2 to 8 March 2

Who Is “God’s Chosen One”?

The cities to be visited from 9 to 15 March 8

Let Jehovah Be Your Guide

The towns to be visited from March 16-22 14

Why We Do What We Do

Municipalities to be surveyed from March 23-29, 2020

Who Wants to Be Your Successor?

Towns to be visited from March 30–April 5 26

A Guide to Understanding the Truth of the Bible

This donation is voluntary. It is made to support the work of Bible education, and it is made on a voluntary basis. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

The terms listed below are taken from The Clear Mother—The True Motherhood. If we use a different motherhood in a context, we will indicate it.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

WHEN NOT TO USE

Take the Bible as a Guide in Your Decisions

The Bible is full of examples of how to do things. When we use the Bible to guide our thinking, it helps us to understand what we are reading more deeply, and less easily. Here are a few ways to help you do this.

• Read and discuss. Doing so will help you to understand what is being said more deeply. As you read the Bible as a family, you will be able to relate to the people you are discussing. This will make the discussion feel like an ongoing process.

• Try to put yourself in the person’s shoes. Try to think as the person you are dealing with thinks. For example, ask yourself: ‘Why is this person speaking or acting in this way? If I was in the person’s shoes, how would I feel?’

• I don’t know how things are going to happen. When you read the Bible, it will help you to know exactly how things are going to happen, and you won’t be afraid to say what you think, even if it’s wrong.

Visit jw.org, or scan this QR code

JW.ORG

w26.01-DG