AUGUST 2026

A BOOK FOR THE FAMILY OF JEHOVAH’S WITNESS

OCTOBER 5–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

Don’t Believe Satan’s Lies—About Jehovah and Jesus

HADZIDZI 55 Beware!

In this article, we will look at some of Satan’s ways of trying to deceive us so that we will turn away from Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

“Resist Satan, and he will be removed from you.”—JACK 4:7.

ONCE we have committed ourselves to serving Jehovah, Satan and his evil spirits constantly tempt us. They want us to stop serving Jehovah. But Satan knows that as much as Jehovah is helping us, his efforts will not succeed. So he does everything in his power to keep us away from Jehovah so that he will not be able to help us. One way he does this is by trying to make us think that Jehovah and his Son Jesus have no pity on us.—2 Cor. 11:14; James 1:6.

² When we are in temptation, we must rely on our guardians. If we do not, we will continue to act on our own initiative and this may lead us to fall into temptation. We may even lose our lives. We too are in temptation with ‘evil spirits.’ (Eph. 6:12) Our guardians are Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. Satan knows that if we do not rely on them fully, we will refuse to obey them. Therefore, he uses various methods to deceive us so that we will not rely on them. In this article, we will see how he used this method in the past and how he continues to use it today. In the next section, we will look at two other ways that Satan uses to mislead us and keep us from participating in the spiritual war* we are engaged in.

* Satan is not directly responsible for all our suffering. But he is behind the “spirit of the world,” which seeks to destroy God’s people. So when we are in difficult situations or are pursued, we should assume that Satan is at work against us.—1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

1. How does Satan try to stop us from serving Jehovah?

2. Why is it important to rely on Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

2

SATAN’S BROTHER DOES NOT LIKE JEHOVAH BUT LIKE JESUS

3 Since the Garden of Eden, Satan has tried to make Adam and Eve disobey Jehovah. Satan tried to discredit Eve’s belief that their Creator liked them. Satan asked Eve, “Did God really say, ‘You shall not eat of every tree of the garden’?” (Genesis 3:1-5) Satan wanted Eve to think that Jehovah was taking away something important from them. This was not the case. Sadly, Eve accepted Satan’s deception and Adam joined her. They ate what was from Jehovah, but he lived with everything he ate.—Genesis 3:6.

4 After Satan had caused Adam and Eve to disobey Jehovah, he continued to utter falsehoods about Jehovah. For example, through Job’s three friends, Satan said things that made Job think that Jehovah did not love him and did not care about his integrity. (Job 22:1-3) Satan caused Job great suffering. He thought that Job would cry out to Jehovah about his afflictions and that he would repent of him. Despite Satan’s intense hostility toward Job, Job continued to be faithful to Jehovah.—Job 27:1, 5.

5 Hundreds of years after Jesus came to earth in Job’s days, Satan tried to dissuade people from following Jesus. One way he did this was to induce the religious leaders and other persecutors of Jesus to speak falsehoods about him.

11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus’ death, Satan tried to discourage Jesus’ followers from preaching about Jesus. First, he tried to make people believe that God had not raised Jesus from the dead. Then, he tried to make people believe that Jesus’ disciples had come to him. (Matt. 28:11-15) Satan then tried to make Jesus’ disciples fear so much that they would stop doing something Jesus had commanded them to do.—Acts 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

7 Although this discouraged some Christians, the majority were encouraged and continued to preach. They recognized that Satan and his evil spirits were opposed to them. (Acts 4:18-20; 1 Pet 5:8) What about today? In what ways does Satan try to discourage us from serving Jehovah?

SATAN IS THE GREATEST AFFECTOR BETWEEN GOD AND JESUS

(John 8:44) For example, he makes it difficult for people to know who Jehovah and Jesus are. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some religious leaders teach people that the Father is not the Son. As a result, people worship the Son instead of the Father because they do not even call the Father by name. But both Jehovah and Jesus do not allow this.

3. What did Satan do to prevent Eve from disobeying Jehovah?

4. What character traits did Satan try to instill in Job?

5. What did Satan do to keep people from following Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. What did Satan do to discourage Jesus’ followers from preaching?

8. How does Satan use idolatry to spread falsehoods about Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST 2026 3

The Satanic world wants us to think that God’s commandments are infallible (See Appendix 11).

(Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) When such falsehoods gain prominence, it can be difficult to discern the truth, and some may even oppose our work.

9 If we want to be friends with someone, it is important that we know God’s name. It is also important if we want to be friends with God. The Bible says that if we know God’s name and believe in it, he will take care of us. (Prov. 18:10) But Satan does not want people to think that Jehovah is our friend. That is why, since ancient times, he has influenced idolaters to prevent people from writing God’s name or even allowing others to pronounce it. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) For example, this temptation has caused many Bible translations to remove God’s name. Another temptation Satan uses is to convince people that Jehovah is the cause of our sufferings. This makes it difficult for many to believe that Jehovah wants us to be his friends. (James 4:8) Satan also tries to discourage Jehovah’s servants from serving him.

10 When we are in tribulation,

9. What did Satan do to deceive God? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

10. What could cause a Christian to become angry with Jehovah?

4 CONTACTS

Satan wants us to believe that Jehovah will not leave us alone. He wants us to rely on Jehovah when things go wrong. (Prov. 19:3) And when that happens, we may think: ‘If Jehovah does not help me, why should I continue to obey his commandments and rules? There is no point in doing so!’ Such an attitude can lead us to fear Jehovah, and that is exactly what Satan wants.

11 Satan uses the Internet to make us think that obeying Jehovah’s commandments is useless. For example, people on the Internet claim that what the Bible says about living a good life is not applicable to us today, and that each person can do what he or she sees fit. It appears that the “ruler of the world” is using the Internet to make many people blind to the distinction between good and evil.—John 14:30; Isaiah 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1, 2.

12 If we follow the way people in Satan’s world think about good and evil, we may be tempted to think that what Jehovah wants us to do is wrong. “It took me some time,” says Shannon*, a young sister, “before I realized that the life lessons I was being taught every day, and the behavior of the people I was interacting with—were changing my mind. I spent a lot of time on the Internet looking at what people were saying and it tempted me to do the same.

* Míetrɔ ŋkɔa.

11. What methods does Satan use to persuade people to disobey Jehovah? (See also picture.)

12. Why should I avoid Satan’s idols?

But Shannon later made changes to avoid Satan’s temptations, which helped her to have a good relationship with Jehovah. What helped her?

13 Shannon realized that she needed to make changes to improve her relationship with Jehovah and Jesus. “I prayed to Jehovah to help me make good friends,” she says. “I also read the Bible. A video on jw.org (Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends? or Les jeunes s’interrogent... Comment se faire de vrais amis) helped me a lot. The words of a young sister in the video resonated with me. I needed help from my parents, so I learned her example and asked my parents for help. My parents, elder brothers, and elder sisters in the congregation helped me to stop my bad habits. I understood that it wasn’t just about attending services or obeying my parents. I also needed to have a close relationship with Jehovah and focus on his Word.”

HOW TO MAKE YOUR HUSBAND LIKE JEHOVAH AND NOT JESUS

14 If we want to have a good relationship with Jehovah, we need to make friends.

* For more resources that can help young people get closer to Jehovah, visit the Kids and Young People section of jw.org, and then the Young in the Spirit section. In the JW Library® app, go to the Topics section, open the section “For Young People,” and then find the section Young in the Spirit.

13. What did you learn from Shannon’s story?

14. What can we do to resist Satan’s temptations to weaken our faith? (See also picture.)

AUGUST 2026 5

As we strive to maintain a good relationship with Jehovah, we will be able to resist Satan’s temptations.

(See Figure 14.)

(James 4:4) We should also be careful not to believe everything that the world says on the Internet or through the media. For example, we may be led to believe information that is inaccurate or false. But if we study the Bible and our publications and communicate with our fellow Christians who are growing in faith, we will not be easily influenced. If we understand the truth we have learned from the Bible, we will recognize Satan’s tactics and will not allow them to weaken our faith.—Prov. 13:20; Ac. 17:11.

15 As we study the Bible and get to know Jehovah and Jesus better, we will be more confident that they are truly our friends. (Prov. 22:19) As we reflect on the ways in which Jehovah and Jesus treated the faithful men and women whose stories are recorded in the Bible, we will be more affected by them. The Bible provides abundant evidence that Jehovah and Jesus love us deeply. For example, Jehovah says that he loves his servants as a mother loves her children. (Isa. 49:15) He also describes those who love him as his “great trust.” —Mal. 3:16, 17.

15. What can we do to increase our confidence that Jehovah and Jesus are with us?

6 CONTACTS

(1 John 4:8) The Bible tells us how much Jesus loves us. Jesus himself said that he loved us so much that he gave his life for us.—John 15:12, 13.

16 Remembering how Jehovah and Jesus have helped us to come to this point will help us to feel that they love us. Maybe Jehovah has answered your prayer or strengthened you in a difficult situation. Confidence in such things will strengthen your faith that Jehovah will continue to pray for you. You may ask your brothers and sisters to tell you how Jehovah prayed for them. (Prov. 22:17) This will help you to feel confident that whatever happens, Jehovah and Jesus will never abandon you. —Read Psalm 118:5, 6.

17 We all want to be close friends of Jehovah and Jesus.

(Rev. 20:1-3, 10) To be able to withstand Satan’s temptations, you need to develop a close relationship with Jehovah and to be confident that he and his Son love and value you. Then, as Jesus said, “no one can take you out of the Father’s power.” —Read John 10:29; James 4:7.

18 In the next section, we will examine two other ways Satan uses to deceive us—his attempts to divide the church and his attempts to entice people to follow him. How can we resist these deceptions? Let’s see.

16. Why is it good to remember how Jehovah has helped you and others? (Psalm 118:5, 6)

17. According to John 10:29, what reassurance does Jesus give to those who love Him and His Father?

18. What will we discuss in the next section?

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ How did Satan deceive Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ How is Satan deceiving Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ What makes you know that Jehovah and Jesus are with you?

HADZIDZI 150 Pray for Help

OCTOBER 12-18, 2026

HADZIDZI 129 Míayi Edzi Ado Dzi

This fact helps us to see that we need to remember that we are fighting against Satan and his demons, not our fellow Christians.

You Can Conquer Satan and the Evil Spirits!

“I do not fight with blood and flesh, but with... evil spirits in the depths.”—EPH. 6:12.

(Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) However, the Bible tells us that we must fight against Satan and the evil spirits. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) How can we overcome these difficulties? The most important thing is to rely on Jehovah for help. In addition, we must recognize the ways Satan and the evil spirits use to harm us and our fellow Christians.

2 In the previous chapter, we saw how Satan tries to keep us from serving Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this chapter, we will discuss two other ways Satan uses to keep us from serving Jehovah. First, he tries to destroy the unity that exists between us and our brothers. Second, he tries to make people follow us so that we will be afraid to do a task that Jehovah has given us.

SATANA DZEA AGBAGBA BE YEADE MAMA MY ME

3 Satan tries to deceive me and my brother

1. What are the forces against which we must wage war? (Ephesians 6:11, 12) 2. What will we consider in this lesson? 3. How does Satan try to influence us?

8

Saul disliked David and did not trust Jehovah, but Jonathan trusted Jehovah and supported David (See pictures 4, 6)

In Satan’s world, most people don’t like each other and don’t agree with each other. Satan wants us to imitate their attitudes so that we become bitter or even oppressive towards our brothers and sisters, and so that we seek fault in Jehovah’s humility.—Rom. 16:17.

4 Consider King Saul. At first, he liked David, and David’s way of fighting made him feel much better. (1 Sam. 18:5) But after a while, Saul began to hate David as he saw that many people agreed with him. This made David angry and he wanted to kill him. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) Satan was delighted to kill David. Why? Because Jehovah had sworn to David that he would be king of Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) Satan did not want this to happen. So he was delighted when Saul decided to kill David, a man whom Jehovah loved.

5 Satan knows that our unity helps Jehovah to love us. (Ps. 133:1) Satan’s goal is to disrupt our unity. So he wants us to hate our brothers and sisters and to be able to hate them, just as Saul hated David. He knows that if we hate them, it will be difficult for us to show love for them. (Mark 12:30, 31) But will our worship of Jehovah be honored if we hate our brothers and sisters? The disciple James strongly warned us of the dangers of hatred. —Read James 3:14-16.

6 If we love our brothers in Christ, we will not give to them, but we will receive from them.

4. Why was King Saul afraid of David? (See also image.)

5. Why does Satan want us to hate our fellow Christians? (James 3:14-16)

6. What do you learn from Jonathan’s example? (See also the illustration.)

AUGUST 2026

9

Consider Saul’s son Jonathan. He did not like David as his father Saul did. He became a friend of David, and he was confident that Jehovah’s promise would come true. He said to David: “You shall be king over Israel.” Jonathan humbled himself and convinced David that Jehovah wanted him to be king, and he supported him.—1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

7 Satan uses another way to disrupt our unity. Because we come from different nations, we wear different clothes, and we have different personalities and attitudes, Satan uses them to divide us. What can you do to prevent this from happening? Resolve problems and disagreements. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Show more love for your fellow Christians, and take good care of them. Although we are different, we are all as important as each other. (1 Cor. 12:12) We and our fellow Christians are united in our fight against the same enemy, Satan and his evil spirits.—1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 If a brother says something or does something that upsets you, remember that as you are imperfect, so is he. Two sheep are not on the same water, so when we are working together, disagreements will always arise. (Acts 7:20) If this happens, we must be patient with one another as Jehovah has instructed us. And if someone does something that upsets you, be willing to forgive. (Col. 3:12-14)

So let us love our fellow Christians and be in unity with them, because that is what Jehovah and Jesus want.—John 17:20, 21.

SATAN USES HIS STRENGTH TO TAKE OVER OUR LIFES

(2 Tim. 3:12) In fact, impersonation is an evil act. When people try to imitate us, it is easy to become overwhelmed with our own efforts to be judged righteously and to lose focus on the most important task Jehovah has given us—preaching the Kingdom.—Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Consider the story of Abraham’s son Isaac. Isaac was very upset; this caused the Philistines to be angry with him and to take away the flocks of Abraham’s servants. (Genesis 26:12-18) Isaac and his family and his flocks were in dire need of water. So he decided to go far away and take some more flocks. However, the Philistines said that the flocks were also theirs. This disaster could have affected Isaac. But Isaac wanted peace. He did not want to continue to live among the flocks and the Philistines. So he went to another place, and the Lord saved him. (Genesis 26:19-25) If we are wronged, can we repent as Isaac did?

7. What can we do to prevent Satan from destroying our unity? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. If a brother says something or does something that upsets you, how should you react?

9. What other methods does Satan use to discourage us?

10. When evil was done to Isaac, what did he do?

10 CONTACTS

STOP

#WE WANT CHANGE

THE PEOPLE SERVE

WE WANT CHANGE

Will You Continue to Be Loyal to Jehovah and His Kingdom? (See Appendix 13.)

11 When Jesus, the Messiah, came to earth, many people did not treat him well. For example, some of his family believed that he was insane. (Mark 3:21) Religious leaders repeatedly threatened him to stop preaching. (Luke 11:15, 16) He had a close friend. (Matt. 26:14-16) The chief priests and the rulers united to kill him. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) Despite all this, Jesus continued to devote himself to Jehovah. (Luke 22:50, 51) In all of this, Jesus did not blame evil, but rather spoke about the task that Jehovah had given him.

12 Like Jesus, we face difficult situations that can be discouraging. Satan tries to stop us from preaching the good news. Our family or other people may oppose us or even turn away from us. Yet Jesus tells us to love even those who follow us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) So, we should not coerce our followers or make friends with them. Instead, we should follow Jesus’ command to be kind to all people, even if they are our followers.—1 Cor. 13:4.

13 We should obey government authorities even if they impose restrictions on our worship or otherwise make life difficult for us. Why? Because Jehovah wants us to do so. (Rom. 13:1)

11. When people did not speak well of Jesus, how did He respond?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we treat those who follow us?

13. Why Should We Respect Governments Even If They Do Not Respect Us? (See also photo.)

AUGUST 2026 11

By loving our brothers and being united, we can overcome Satan and the evil spirits (See picture 16)

1, 2) It is clear that not all government decisions that affect us come directly from Satan. But Satan’s command is that we should be angry with the government or resign ourselves to it in order to save ourselves. People also do things in the world when they do not agree with the government’s decisions. But it is not right for a Christian to do that! (Ex. 24:21, 22, note; Heb. 8:2, 3) If we participate in world governments, we are doing what Satan wants us to do, and we are not fully on the side of the Sovereign God.—John 15:19.

14 Some of our former enemies have become faithful servants of Jehovah. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So, ‘when people speak evil of you, do not be afraid.’ (Matt. 5:11) Pray that government officials will allow us to continue serving Jehovah with confidence. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Pray for your enemies, co-workers, and colleagues. Ask Jehovah to help you know how to act on them if they change their minds. A woman who had been married to a Jew for many years before accepting the truth said: “A lot of good could come out of despair, and we continued to despair a lot.”

15 It is impossible for us to reject all the evils that we see in the world today and that are being done to us. (Rev. 1:15) But Jehovah can.

14. What should we keep in mind when dealing with those who are unfaithful to us?

15. Why is it difficult to correct the evils of this world?

12 TAB

(Ps. 37:18) In short, he will use his Kingdom to destroy the destruction caused by Satan and his henchmen. (1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) But until that time comes, we must continue to show compassion and love for all people. We must use our time and energy to help more people become Jehovah’s friends.

MÍATE ŊU ADU SATANA KPLE GBƆGBƆ VÕWO DZI!

16 The Bible assures us that we can overcome Satan and the evil spirits. (James 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) But to do so, we must place our full faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (Eph. 6:16) Therefore, continue to build your faith.

16. What will help us overcome Satan and the evil spirits? (See also the pictures.)

17 No matter what means Satan uses to divide us from our brothers and sisters or to influence us, we should never allow him to do so. Jehovah and Jesus promised to help us overcome Satan if we rely on them. We and our brothers and sisters are all in conflict with our greatest enemy, Satan. If some people turn against us, we should follow Jesus’ advice and deal with them carefully. (Luke 6:27, 28) So, continue to fight Satan and evil spirits and be confident that you will be able to overcome them.

17. What should you decide to do?

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ What does Satan do to divide us from our fellow Christians?

■ How does Satan try to stop us from preaching the Kingdom?

■ What makes you confident that you can overcome Satan and his demons?

HADZIDZI 149

Avadzidudu Fe Ha

OCTOBER 19-25, 2026

HADZIDZI 106 We Will Share That Love

In this article, we will look at what we can learn from the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus that will help us to promote peace in the church.

Na Lɔlɔ̃ Naʋã Wò Le Nu Sia Nu Me

“Because of love, I pray for you.”—PHILEM. 9.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) This peace comes from Jehovah, but he requires each of us to maintain it. (Rom. 12:18) How can we promote peace in the congregation? How can we do this if we have offended a brother? And how can we maintain peace when someone takes advantage of us? A Bible story will help us answer these questions.

“MEDI BE MAƉE KUKU NA WÒ”

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. In the letter that Paul wrote to Philemon, he encouraged him to willingly take back his slave Onesimus. Paul said that Philemon’s love for Christ and his fellow Christians would make him do this. Remember this story. Philemon belonged to the church at Colosse. All the brethren knew that he was a loving man and had a firm faith. His slave Onesimo, who was not a Christian, had gone to Rome with him, and it is likely that he was sending money to his parents. (Phil. 18.) While Onesimo was in Rome, he became a Christian and his relationship with Paul became close. (Col. 4.) 4:9) According to Roman law, a slave should return to his master, so Paul and Onesimus returned to Philemon.—Phil. 12, 13.

3 What will Philemon do to Onesimus? According to the law, he may be very angry with Onesimus. But what will he do? What will the members of the church do? Will this matter arise between brothers and sisters who are both relatives and strangers? Paul considered these things and saw that the incident could

1. What should each of us do?

2. Write a brief history of Philemon and Onesimus. (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

3. What was Paul concerned about when he sent Onesimus back to his master? (See also the illustration in the box.)

14

(Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9.) At the same time, Paul wrote a letter to the church at Colosse. In this article, we will examine what we can learn from Paul, Philemon, and Onesimos from what Paul said in these two letters.

NU SIWO MÍATE ŊU ASRƆ̃ TSO PAULO GBƆ

4 What can we learn from Paul? The way Paul dealt with his brethren helped to maintain peace in the church, and it is an example of how we should deal with others in order to maintain peace.

5 Paul treated Philemon with love. (Phil. 1:17) Paul did not think he could treat Philemon as if he were the shepherd himself. (2 Cor. 1:24) Instead, Paul treated Philemon as his fellow worker and reminded him of the friendship that existed between them. A good example is Paul’s advice to Philemon on how to deal with Onesimus, who became his Christian brother! This is a good example for all of us, especially fellow shepherds. Fellow shepherds who treat their brethren with love play an important part in ensuring peace among the brethren. These kind shepherds do not ‘pasture’ God’s sheep. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) Instead, they are valued, distinguished, and obeyed, and they are helped in times of need. Church leaders who study Paul and speak to their brethren with love set good examples for them, and this leads to peace in the church.

6 Paulo kafu Filemon. (Philem. 4, 5, 7) Me

We all need encouragement. Why? Many of our brothers and sisters feel that they are not appreciated. They feel that they are not united or cohesive, and that people do not like them. Some brothers and sisters feel that they have lost an opportunity in the ministry that they value. It is important to feel this way. But these feelings can make you angry or depressed. Also, you may feel that people are looking down on you and you may try to prove that you are better than others. These situations can disrupt the peace that exists between us and our brothers and sisters. (Prov. 12:25) Can we be confident that we are loved and valued? Do you want to make people feel that way? Take every opportunity to praise people from the bottom of your heart. Praise them, not just for what they have done, but for what they are trying to do. In short, if you notice something good about someone, tell them.

7 Paul says good things about Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) Did the good things Paul said about Onesimo change the way Philemon perceived Onesimo? Would it influence the way he spoke to him? And would it make him treat him with love? Paul’s words probably had an impact on Philemon! Similarly, what we say about our brothers can influence the way people speak or act towards them. If we say good things about our brothers, people will act well towards them. But if we say bad things about them, people will act badly towards them.

4-5. What can community leaders do to help maintain peace in the community?

6. Why is it important for us to be kind to one another?

7. Why should we be cautious when speaking about our brothers? (Philemon 10-12)

AUGUST 2026 15

Like Paul, think positively of your fellow Christians and speak well of them (See picture 8)

In order to be able to make good judgments about people, we need to have a good opinion of them. What will help us? We can learn something from something Paul did often.

1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Although Paul was aware of the brothers’ weaknesses, he tried to recognize their positive qualities. And he determined to thank Jehovah constantly for them. If you are struggling to speak well of your brothers, remember this important lesson: If you decide to have good feelings for your brothers and to pray for them from the heart that Jehovah is leading them, it will be easier for you to speak well of them.

9 In spite of Paul’s difficult circumstances, he treated Philemon kindly. Have you ever felt that he was overwhelmed or discouraged from dealing with someone properly? Often when we are in difficult circumstances, it is easy to get angry with others. Consider Paul’s situation at the time he wrote Philemon. A few years earlier, Paul had been attacked by a group of people and he was severely beaten and imprisoned. He spent some time in prison in Jerusalem and Caesarea. When he was taken to Rome, the prison was broken up. And now that Paul is writing to Philemon, he’s still one of the most respected men in Rome. (Phil. 1) But did Paul allow his circumstances to dictate what he said in his letter to Philemon? Yes. Paul considered things carefully and took Philemon’s words to heart and acted on them. What does this mean for us? If we continue to deal well with others even when we’re upset, angry, or in a difficult situation, we depend heavily on him for peace in the church. This peace will help us to grow.

8. What will help us to think and speak well of our brothers and sisters? (See also the pictures.)

9. What is remarkable about Paul’s letter to Philemon, and why?

NU SIWO MÍATE ŊU ASRƆ̃ TSO ONESIMO GBƆ

10 We all sometimes do or say things that offend our brethren.

10. What did Onesimus do to bring peace between him and Philemon, and why is this remarkable?

16 TAB

Philemon is a good example of how to make peace when this happens. He does something that seems easy, but is not always easy. Onesimo agrees to make amends with Philemon and he agrees to return and make peace with him. Onesimo knows that the Roman law requires him to return to his master. So he travels 1,400 kilometers (about six days’ journey) back to Philemon’s master. It is not certain that the journey will take much money and that he will be able to afford it. He must also be willing to become a slave, and if he is given the opportunity to do so, he must be willing to accept it. This decision is not easy for him. Or can he think in his heart that he is unworthy to obey his master? If he thinks so, let it not be a cause for him to repent, but let him do what is right in the sight of his master, so that he may be at peace with him.

11 If you are angry with someone, make peace with him. (Matt. 5:23-25) This may not be easy, but it will be very beneficial, because it will help to restore peace in your relationship. First, be sincere. Be patient with the other person when he or she is expressing his or her feelings, and explain them to him or her. Love your own self-esteem. Don’t blame yourself or criticize him or her. This may seem like you are acting instinctively, and it may hurt the relationship or make it worse. Since sincerity requires humility, be humble, because sincerity is the best way to make peace.—Rom. 14:19.

NU SIWO MÍATE ŊU ASRÕ TSO FILEMON GBƆ

12 The example of Philemon helps us to see how we can maintain peace when someone offends us. Did Philemon allow Onesimus to freely accept him? It is not said in this short story. But Paul is confident that Philemon will do so. (Phil. 17, 21) Paul knew that Philemon had good qualities that would make it easier for him to forgive Onesimus. What were those qualities?

13 Philemon loved his fellow Christians very much. (Phil. 5) The word Philemon means “loving.” He lived a life worthy of his name. The brothers knew that he loved people very much.

11. If we are angry with someone, what can we do to maintain peace? (See also the pictures.)

12. Why did Paul insist that Philemon send Onesimus back?

13. Why is love so important in our relationships? (Colossians 3:14)

Like Onesimus, Do Your Best to Have Peace with the Brethren (See Appendix 11)

Like Philemon, encourage intimacy—it will help build unity in the church (See Figure 15)

In his letter to the church at Colosse, Paul described love as “the softness of unity.” (Read Colossians 3:14.) In fact, no other quality can create peace and unity better than love. The more we love people, the easier it is to forgive them and to deal well with them. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Let us consider another quality that helped Philemon to love the brethren.

14 Another important trait that made it easier for Philemon to love people was his openness. He allowed the church to meet in his house. (Phil. 2) Paul clearly knew that Philemon liked openness, so he asked him to prepare a meal for him. (Phil. 22) It is not surprising that Philemon’s openness made it easier for the brothers to come to him.—Phil. 7.

15 When we follow Philemon’s example and act like strangers to our brothers and sisters, it will be easier for us to love them. Why? Because acting like strangers helps us to love our brothers and sisters better. When we interact with brothers and sisters who are not our close friends, or whose personality is different from ours, we will realize that each of Jehovah’s servants is unique and dear to Jehovah’s humility. When we learn about our brothers and sisters’ families or communities, how they have stood firm to the truth, and how they have endured difficult circumstances, we will love them more and have greater respect for them. (John 6:44) Therefore, if we treat our brothers and sisters with kindness, we will love them even more, have good feelings for them, and forgive them if they take advantage of us.

16 Is it difficult for you now to forgive someone who is dear to you? No matter how much we love our brothers and sisters, it can sometimes be difficult for us to forgive them. What helps us? Consider Paul’s words to the church in Colosses, where Philemon was, in Colossians 3:13. (Read.) Considering that Philemon was at the service in his own house,

14. How do we know that Philemon loved fellowship?

15. How can interpersonal relationships help us grow in love with one another? (See also photos.)

16. How did Philemon respond to Paul’s advice in Colossians 3:13?

18 FOLDER

If so, this letter gives a clear indication of what he should do: He should continue to live with Onesimus and be willing to forgive. How will the advice Paul gives in this letter help us if we are forced to forgive?

17 What does Paul’s phrase “continue to be kind to one another” mean? It encourages us to be kind to our fellow Christians even when they are rude to us. In the same passage, Paul emphasizes Jehovah’s love and mercy as an example for us. Jehovah understands His servants and does not take anything away from them. He is sensitive to our weaknesses, but focuses on our strengths. (Ps. 103:13, 14; 130:3) This is why He gives us mercy and shows us His unfailing love. (Prov. 3:22, 23) When we see our brothers and sisters as Jehovah sees them, it will be easier for us to sympathize with them and to forgive them. We are encouraged when people admit our faults to us. Let’s follow his example: If you remember how you treated a member of your family, you will continue to treat him or her well even in times of adversity. Similarly, if we remember the good qualities of our brothers and sisters, it will help us to continue to treat them well and to forgive them, even when they have wronged us.

18 Jehovah appreciates everything you do to promote peace in your congregation. Take every opportunity to work every day to promote peace. Let your words be clear and continue to speak good things about others. Be generous in your prayers. If your relationship with someone is not working, rebuild it. Love your fellow Christians deeply from the heart; this will make it easier to forgive them. If you do these things, you will promote peace in your congregation. The Bible says that “the mighty are in the earth, and many will rejoice in the peace of God” forever! You too will be among them.—Ps. 37:11.

18. What are you determined to do?

LETTER TO THE PHILEMONIANS: Philemon reads the letter that Paul wrote to him, and Onesimus and Tychicus and other members of his household listen to it.

17. What does it mean that ‘we shall continue to live together’?

WHAT CAN WE DO ABOUT IT?

■ The apostle Paul

■ Onesimus

■ Philemon

HADZIDZI 154 Love And Nothing Else

OCTOBER 26–NOVEMBER 1, 2026

HADZIDZI 62

Ha Yeye La

TADJIKISTAN

This lesson will help us to appreciate Jehovah’s provision for our salvation and the opportunity we have to serve him in a holy way.

Seize the Opportunity to Serve Jehovah

“This is the gift of God, that we may serve him with reverence.”—Luke 1:69, 74.

“WHAT WILL THIS CHILD DO?” (Luke 1:57-66) This was the question that the Africans and their relatives were asking themselves as the young priest Zechariah and his young wife Elizabeth were expecting John. Jehovah answered this question through Zechariah. He said that John would help people to repent and joyfully follow the soon-to-be Messiah. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But Zechariah was not only predicting what John would do.* As we will see in this story, Zechariah’s words were a prophecy and apply to us today. Zechariah's account highlights three things that need to be appreciated: (1) God's gift of salvation, (2) our opportunity to serve God in a holy way, and (3) our mission to preach.

GOD'S NOW AND FOREVER

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God promised His people a deliverance. But who would do it? Zechariah said: ‘The Lord will give us a good deliverance in the house of David.’

* See the Gospel Drama, Chapter 1, section on the prophecy of Zechariah linked to Luke 1:67.

1. What is the prophecy of Zechariah about?

2. (a) What promise did God make to his people in Luke 1:67-73? (b) Who is the “good herder” described in Luke 1:69?

20

(Luke 1:69, footnote) The “coming one” was the Messiah. The Jews of Zechariah’s day were already waiting for the promised Messiah, and they knew that He would be Abraham’s offspring from David’s line. (Genesis 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Why did Jehovah forbid Zechariah to speak of the coming of this “coming one”? The Messiah had come! Eight years later, a virgin named Mary conceived Jesus, who, according to the angel Gabriel, would be called “the Son of God,” and would sit on “the throne of David his father.” (Luke 1:30-35) Jesus was baptized at the age of 30. Then Jehovah sent his holy spirit to make him the Messiah, the “good herald.” (Matt. 3:16, 17) What an amazing event!

3 The Jews of the first century needed deliverance. But from what were they to be delivered? Zechariah replied: ‘From our enemies and from all who oppress us.’ (Luke 1:71) Does this mean that Jesus was delivering the Jews from the power of the Romans? Yes. Instead, He was delivering them from the great tempter, Satan. (Heb. 2:14, 15) Satan is the one who has enslaved all mankind to sin and death, including the ancient Jews. In addition, the Jews were unable to obey the Mosaic Law. This brought upon them the sin from which they needed to be delivered. (Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13) Therefore, the Jews needed what Jehovah had promised through Zechariah, namely, “salvation in the forgiveness of their sins.”—Luke 1:77.

3. What was it necessary to remove from the first-century Jews?

⁴ From what kinds of oppressions do we need to be delivered today? Like the Jews in Jesus’ time, we are slaves to sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) Yet, Satan and evil spirits are in control of us. They try to tempt us away from serving Jehovah. They influence ‘our oppressors,’ individuals and humble people, to turn away from our service. We need to be delivered from all these oppressions.

3:16; Matt. 20:28) We try to serve Jehovah in the best way that Jesus taught us. But we are not perfect, so we ask Jehovah to forgive us when we sin. Jehovah depends on atonement to accept our worship and to be pleasing to him. (1 John 3:16; 1 John 2:21; 1 John 2:24) We are not perfect, but we are willing to serve Jehovah in the best way that Jesus taught us. (John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) 2:1, 2) This is how Jesus frees us from sin.

6 But how does Jesus completely deliver us from sin and death, from Satan and his evil spirits, and from ‘those who persecute us’? Since 1914, Jesus has reigned on “the throne of his father David.” (Luke 1:32, 33) He, the King and Savior of God’s Kingdom, is “the Son of God.”

4. What kinds of procedures are needed today?

5. How does Jesus save us from sin?

6. What will Jesus as King do? (See also picture.)

AUGUST 2026 | 21

Jehovah’s Gift of Salvation Through Jesus Christ (See Appendix 6)

22:1, 2) At the end of the millennium, sin and death will be removed from our midst. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) Then, in the last tribulation, Satan, his evil spirits, and the humans who serve them will be completely destroyed. (Rev. 16:14-16; 19:19-21; 20:1-3; 21:1-4) 20:7-10) Finally, faithful people can serve Jehovah completely, without sin, death, or rebellion! Then we will praise our God forever and give thanks for “his gift that is beyond words.” Part of this gift is how he will deliver us through Christ Jesus.—2 Cor. 9:15.

MƆNUKPƆKPƆ SI SU MÍA SI BE MÍAWƆ SUBƆSUBƆDƆ KƆKƆE NA MAWU

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Zechariah says that Jehovah’s gift of atonement ‘enables us to perform holy service to God in reverence.’ Our “holy service” refers to all aspects of pure worship. We perform holy service to Jehovah by preaching, praying, studying his Word, and attending his services, as well as small and large meetings. Holy service refers to other services we do to Jehovah; these include serving at Bethel, Kingdom Halls, and Temples, and maintaining them.

8 What does it mean to worship Jehovah “with fear”?

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what privilege did Jehovah give to his people?

8. What should we be afraid of?

22 CONTACTS

First, we do not need to fear death. Knowing that we will live forever, we put serving Jehovah first rather than worrying about what we will have in this short life. Even when the rebels threaten to kill us, let us not be overcome by fear. Instead, let us continue to serve Jehovah because we know that even if we die, Jesus will raise us up. (John 6:39, 40) Second, we should not fear that Jehovah lives because we are sinners. Let us continue to love him, to forgive him, and to rely on the sacrifice for the forgiveness of our sins.—1 John 4:9, 10.

9 It may be difficult for some brothers and sisters to accept that Jehovah appreciates their service. It may be that they feel that they haven’t done enough for Jehovah, perhaps because of a traumatic event in their past. Or it may be that they feel guilty about sins they committed long ago, and are reluctant to seek Jehovah’s forgiveness and the help of elders. If you feel this way, what can you do?

¹⁰ Consider this example. A man has a sore foot, and a doctor examines his foot. The doctor then prescribes medications that will strengthen his foot so that he can finally walk. But what if the man thinks that his foot is so damaged that he will not be able to fix it? He needs to obey the doctor and follow his instructions. Vivivia, his foot will be fixed, and he will be able to walk or even run.

11 Some people still blame themselves for past sins. But just as a person with a broken foot should go to the doctor, you should be confident that Jehovah loves you deeply and trusts in Jesus’ sacrifice for you. (John 1:16, 17; Romans 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Do what you need to do; this may include prayer, study, and other spiritual activities. (Ps. 1:2; 1 Thessalonians 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Just as it takes time for a broken foot to heal, it may take time for you to fully believe that Jehovah loves you and has forgiven you. So don’t give up. Keep doing what you can to serve Jehovah. (Phil. 3:16) And thank Him every day for the strength He gives you to serve Him faithfully. We thank God and Christ for the opportunity we have to do holy service in fear!

DƆ VEVI SI WODE MÍA SI BE MÍAÐE GBEFÃ

¹² Read Luke 1:76-79. Then Zechariah said to the child, “I will go before the Lord and prepare his way.” How did these words come true? After John’s death, he became a preacher of the gospel. He encouraged the Jews to repent, to be baptized, and to believe in the Messiah who was to come. After John had baptized Jesus, he preached to the people that Jesus was from God, saying, “Behold, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world!” After this, John encouraged his disciples that they should follow him.

9. How do some brothers see themselves, and why?

10-11. If the sins you have committed continue to afflict you, what should you do? Give an example.

12. How did John respond to the ways of Jehovah? (Luke 1:76-79)

AUGUST 2026 23

As we accept God’s gift and value the opportunity given to us, we will faithfully carry out the important task entrusted to us.

(See Figure 16.)

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

Jesus, the Messiah of the age.—John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John preached the good news of redemption to as many people as possible, so that they might believe that Jesus was the Messiah, the one whom Jehovah had sent to bring salvation to the poor. This good news was the message that all people should hear. Why? Because Zechariah foretold that the coming Messiah would be an “opening,” meaning that his advent would be a dramatic event that would bring about great changes in the whole world! It was clear that the good news needed to be preached to the whole world; John alone could not do this. But who would deliver this important message of redemption?

14 Jesus preached the good news soon. Zechariah predicted that he would “heal those who were sitting on the brink of life and death.” Indeed, Jesus’ love for the poor who had come to him was profound. He touched the hearts of people when he preached the “good news of the kingdom of God.” (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) He preached the good news enthusiastically: “The kingdom of life is near.” However, he knew that many people would need to preach the good news. So he instructed his disciples to do so. —Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

15 Yes, as followers of Christ, we value the opportunity to contribute to Jehovah’s kingdom. In fact, contributing to Jesus’ sacrifice and to God’s Kingdom is more important now than ever. Why? Because of what is about to happen. The Bible says that “great tribulation, such as has not been seen since the foundation of the world until now” will soon befall mankind. (Matt. 24:21) At that time,

13. What does Zechariah’s reference to the Messiah’s coming as a “beginning” mean?

14. What important role did Jesus and His disciples play? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is preaching important today?

24 TABLET

(Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:10) In the end, God’s kingdom will be established on earth. (Matt. 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) It is therefore important that we continue to preach the good news now.—Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:10.

16 Zechariah’s words in Luke 1:68-79 remind us of three things we value: God’s gift of salvation, the opportunity to serve him in reverence, and the important task of preaching the good news. Do you accept Jehovah’s gift of salvation and dedicate yourself to him? Do you value the opportunity to serve him? If so, continue to preach “the salvation of Jehovah.” Preach Jehovah’s “warning” that comes when the Sovereign God will remove all wicked people and make the earth a paradise. Invite all who love God to unite with us in ‘serving God in fear, in obedience, and in righteousness all the days of our life.’—Luke 1:74, 75.

16. What are you determined to do? (See also the pictures.)

Photo 24: In the first photo, two sisters are preaching from house to house. In the second photo, a brother is preaching to his colleagues in the field. In the third photo, a sister is sharing the evidence of a Creator with her family and friends, and they are following her.

THE BLOG THAT IS BASED ON LUKE 1:68-79...

■ What Value Does Jehovah Give Us?

■ What opportunities does Jesus’ crucifixion open up for us?

■ What is the most important thing given to us?

CHAPTER 159 Recognize Jehovah’s Goodness

AGBEMEŊUTINYA

Wɔnyela Gã La Tsɔ Ðe Le Eme Nam

ABE ALE SI STÉPHANE LANDEROIN GBLƆE ENE

As a child, I didn’t enjoy breastfeeding, and I didn’t try hard at breastfeeding. Medina said that I was alone for some time and didn’t want to breastfeed. I never thought that God would give me breastfeeding. Why?

I grew up in Paris, France. My parents and the people I grew up with were atheists, so I wasn’t. We were taught at school that there was no Creator, but that small particles evolved into all the different kinds of living things. I accepted the doctrine because I thought everything we were taught at school was true. It seemed like the doctrine, so I didn’t have to decide whether it was true or not.

I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don’t believe in God. I don

But now, I believe that there is a Creator, and that He is with me despite my difficulties. Let me tell you why my mind changed and why I am happy now.

At the age of 19, the government asked me to serve in an expeditionary force, and I was sent to French Guiana in the United States, where I spent a year, not knowing that a foreign place would be such a significant part of my life later on.

When I was 20, I returned to Paris. From Friday to Sunday, I worked hard. But at the end of the week, I and my friends drank a lot of beer. That was all I had week after week. But I realized that I wasn’t really having fun, and that I wasn’t really enjoying my life.

I was born in Paris, France, and our family is Christian.

26 GΒΕΤΑΚΡΟΧΟ

I didn’t like it. I saw that there was a lot of racism and people were not treating foreigners well. People were very violent and some people were doing things that were damaging to the planet. All of these things were very much on my mind and I wanted things to change. That’s how it happened that I remembered America.

FRENCH GUYANA IS A DEPENDENCE OF FRANCE

I went back to French Guiana, where I was stationed in a small village. I thought that if I was on a nice avenue and I was out in the sun, I would be happy. But after a while, I couldn’t do the things I used to do. I did hard work during the week and I was giving prayers at the end of the week.

At that time, someone handed me a Bible. I read it carefully, hoping to find good advice that would help me improve my life. But I didn’t understand what I was reading.

Some of my friends who lived in the village and named the place after themselves wanted to know the purpose of my life, so they invited me to live in the village with them.

We live in peace and freedom. We do what we want and no one tells us what to do. We gather when the sun rises and lie down when it sets. We eat our own food, we talk, and we drink our own water. We choose the places and things that appeal to us and we share what we have with each other. We only eat our own food, we do not eat animals because we do not want to kill them. We do not obey the government’s laws; we can obey the law if we see that it will benefit us and not harm anyone.

We thought that the way we lived in the village was the same as in the rest of the world. Nobody spoke to each other, and we treated each other with kindness. But I noticed that we all cared for ourselves, each one of us, and suddenly, the same problems that afflicted people in other parts of the world also afflicted us. Some people only stayed in the village for a few months. Others stayed for a few weeks or a few months. I was there for more than two years.

While I was there, I noticed that the earth works so well that we get everything we need. One day, I tried to read the newspaper and it was so large that I couldn't.

A. An abbot in a village called Sekasheni.

B. Esime menɔ avea me

A-M_BAR_French (Belgium)

B

I didn’t read them all. I asked myself: ‘Why is the earth doing so much? Maybe it’s like a world that’s been prepared for people to live in.’ I realized that it’s impossible for these things to happen on their own. And who did all these things? There must always be a creator. But I didn’t know anything about him.

I started reading the Bible again. But now I know what God wants me to do. I was praying and I was doing the signs of the times even though I didn’t know what people were thinking. I asked myself, ‘Is the name of the Creator Yah?’ It was the name of the village, we used that name in our prayers.

SHE WAS MY LITTLE DAUGHTER IN THE DOMAIN

As I look back on the time I spent praying, I see that the Creator noticed that I was miserable. One of the villagers gave a Jehovah’s Witness a book entitled You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth.* I read the book and what I learned made a huge impact on me! I really wanted to live forever in the redeemed paradise. I really wanted that; I wanted me and my family to live in peace on earth forever. I wanted to love this gracious Creator who has such a good purpose for us.

I realized that I needed to make changes in my life, but I felt that I couldn’t do it on my own. So I told my other sister to make an arrangement with a Witness missionary named Michel who was studying the Bible with her.

The day I met Michel, I was going to attend a conference in Matoury, near the capital, Cayenne. It was 150 miles away. I was always in his company and I was very nervous. I was wearing a small hat and a scarf that grew on my head. Despite my appearance, the brothers were kind and provided me with food and lodging during the conference. The love and kindness the Witnesses showed me helped me to come to the truth.

In one of the sessions of the meeting, 1 Timothy 5:8 was discussed. The passage states that a good husband will provide for the needs of his family. It was emphasized in the speech that Jehovah Himself does this; he always cares for those in his household.

* Jehovah's Witnesses do, but not yet.

I learned the truth in French Guiana, was baptized in France, and now my wife and I are serving in New Caledonia.

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDONIA

The day we got married

I was speaking to a Chinese group in 2006.

If religion is the most important thing in my life, it doesn’t have to be expensive; Jehovah will do it for me. I was reminded of this when I saw how Jehovah was doing it for Michel. Doing Jehovah’s will was the most important thing for him, but he didn’t need anything, and he was happy.

As Bible study helped me understand things, I made changes in my life. For example, I decided to stop smoking and drinking. I immediately threw the cigarettes and beer I had on me in the fire, and since then, I have never forgotten it. I continued to attend church services. One day after the service, I asked a brother to take the cigarette off for me, and he took it off for me in the Kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, I left the village in French Guiana and returned to France. I joined a Kingdom Hall and began attending Bible studies with the Witnesses. My parents noticed a change in my life. I wasn’t afraid or shy, and I didn’t go to the church. This surprised them. But what didn’t surprise them was how much I spoke to them when I shared my beliefs with them. I later realized that I had to speak to them with respect.

I was baptized in 1996. I prayed to Jehovah to help me become a missionary like Michel. I thought that would be the best thing I could do to show Jehovah that I appreciated what he had done for me.

MÍA FOFO SI LE DZIFO LA YRAM LE MƆ BUBUWO NU

There was a young woman named Claudine in our congregation. I noticed that she was passionate about the ministry, and her responses at the meetings showed me that she loved Jehovah very much. I wanted to see if we were a good match. But first, I thought it would be great if Claudine would agree to do missionary work. She did! So we married in April 2000.

In the following year, the two of us began missionary work. After some time, we decided to learn Mandarin so that we could help a small group of Chinese brothers and sisters who lived with us. It wasn’t easy for me to learn Mandarin. I had to try to speak like a Chinese and learn how to teach them the Bible. In fact, I couldn’t speak Mandarin at all, but I did my best. We and the Chinese brothers and sisters enjoyed preaching and we remember those times to this day. Jehovah blessed us a great deal during those years, and the work we did prepared us for the tasks that would follow.

NƆNƆME SESƐ SIWO ME MÍETO

Things weren’t always easy for me. For example, it seemed that all my efforts to serve Jehovah and my brothers and sisters were going to be in vain. So I tried to make my speeches stand out, which meant that I spent a lot of time preparing them.

AUGUST 2026 29

My wife and I are currently serving as district directors in New Caledonia.

I still feel that I am not able to meet the high standards I set for myself. (Ex. 7:16) It is important to understand that Jehovah, our loving Father, is pleased when we do what we can, and does not demand completeness from us.

In Paris, I was appointed a small-district telephone manager. I knew that I wasn’t qualified or empowered to do that job. But I realized that Jehovah’s Spirit can help us do things we couldn’t do on our own.

I also have another fear. Since I was a child, I have had a medical condition that makes my hands tingle. My hands are now tingled. The situation gets worse when something happens to them, for example, when I am speaking to people at small or large meetings. But it doesn’t matter when I pray to Jehovah to help me not to get discouraged. The fear still exists, but when I rely fully on Jehovah, I don’t get discouraged and I’m not depressed at all.

In 2011, Jehovah fulfilled a dream of ours. We became ambassadors, and were sent to New Caledonia. It’s an island in the northeastern Pacific, 16,000 kilometers from Paris. We faced some challenges there. We needed to learn how to eat foods we had never eaten before, such as rice, bananas, and tea. The weather was cold, and the leaves were dry and brittle; this was hard on our hearts. It took time for us to adjust. Another thing we needed to adjust to in the area was that if you see someone looking for an answer, use your eyes.

Jehovah also helped us adapt to new assignments. In addition to the missionary work, we served at Bethel for a few years. We attended the Kingdom Preachers’ School, and I am now a ward leader. In all of these assignments, we saw how Jehovah helped us through his holy spirit. Jehovah made me realize that despite our shortcomings, he can use us. So I prayed fervently to him to help me do whatever work he assigned to me. Even though I am often discouraged in public, God has helped me that as we visit the churches, I continue to encourage them with the encouragement they need.

My wife Claudine also helped me in all our circumstances. She sympathized with me. She took on every task we had with joy, and she was always happy to preach. Despite the cold in the neighborhood and the difficulties we faced in our small congregation, she never gave up.

At the first convention I attended, I learned that Jehovah, the Creator, always takes care of his servants. Years later, serving him became a priority in my life. Jehovah helped me learn how to humble myself to governments and leaders of his people. I stopped dealing with my friends who did not love Jehovah so that I could do his will, and Jehovah gave me many true friends. Jehovah gave me a good wife. And we look forward to the time when we will live forever and enjoy Jehovah’s great gifts forever.—Mark 10:29, 30.

30 BOOKMARKS

ÈNYAA?

What happened to the villages in ancient Israel?

In the Bible, cities are described more than 50 times, and they are described in many different ways.

People gathered in town halls. The Hebrew word for a town hall means more than just a town hall. It can also refer to a place in a city where people placed their wagons or carts at the town hall. In some places, it was the place where people gathered at the town hall.—Neh. 8:1.

In the case of some of the gates of Jerusalem, it appears that the names of the gates were derived from the names of the objects that were guarded in those gates; for example, the Gate of Olives and the Gate of Sheep.—Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

(Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Some pilgrims took the bread from the storehouses knowing that no one would take it. (Rev. 19:15-21) Others went to the storehouses to learn about the new things that were happening.—2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

(Deuteronomy 21:18-20) Because the judgment was public, we know that the judges were impartial, and that they ruled justly. When the judges finished speaking, the people immediately followed suit. (Deuteronomy 25:2) Jehovah and the nation expected the judges in the towns to act justly, to live righteously, and to encourage others to do the same.—Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

A lot of things are going on in the schools.

(1 Kings 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu proclaimed in the presence of all the people in the city that Jehovah’s word that he would punish the house of Ahab had come true. (2 Kings 10:8-10) King Hezekiah proclaimed in the presence of all the people in the city that Jehovah’s word that he would punish the house of Ahab had come true. (2 Chronicles 32:6-8)

The Bible says that “true wisdom” is crying out and its voice is heard “in the gates of the city.” (Lod. 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, many were the places where wise men gave sound advice. Yes, we are encouraged that Jehovah’s wisdom is recorded in the Bible and that his servants around the world are helping people study the Bible so that they can acquire true wisdom.

AUGUST 2026 31

LETTER TO THE OFFICIALS OF JEHOVAH'S WITNESS

August 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 8 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena October 5-11 | 2

Don’t Believe Satan’s Lies—Only Jehovah and Jesus

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena October 12-18 | 8

You Can Conquer Satan and the Evil Spirits!

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena October 19-25 | 14

Na Lɔlɔ̃ Naʋã Wò Le Nu Sia Nu Me

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena October 26–November 1 | 20

Seize the Opportunity to Serve Jehovah

AGBEMEŊUTINYA | 26

Wɔnyela Gã La Tsɔ Ɖe Le Eme Nam

ÈNYAA? | 31

What happened to the villages in ancient Israel?

WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS ABOUT YOU

Ati Si Nyɔna Kaba

One of the five seasons described in the Bible is the yevushite. It is one of the first seasons of the year. Yevushite begins at the end of January. Its ancestors lived in extremely cold winters. It is interesting that in Hebrew, the name yevushite means “spring.” What is special about this season and about Eve?

In Jeremiah 7:25, Jehovah says that he has raised up a new generation of prophets to warn his people. The March 15, 2011 edition of The Watchtower says: “Like a newly ripened olive, Jehovah has raised up a new generation of prophets to warn his people about the things of the future. And he will not cease—he will continue to “be slow”—until his prophecy is fully fulfilled.”—Yer. 1:11, 12.

The Bible also identifies the fathers of the Jebusites with the elders. (Ex. 12:5) It is suggested that the temple idols were made in the image of the fathers of the Jebusites, as seen by the fathers.—Ex. 37:17-20.

It is part of a worldwide Bible study program supported by voluntary donations. If you would like to contribute, please visit donate.jw.org.

The passages quoted in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website, or scan this badge

JW.ORG

w26.08-EW