JULY 2026

THE WORLD IS GOD'S KINGDOM

WELCOME TO: SEPTEMBER 7–OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

EDWARD 88 He Taught Me Through My Eyes

We will discuss what we can learn from what happened at Gibeon and how Jehovah dealt with the people.

Lessons from Gebenoma

“The peace of God is peace for all.”—DEUTERONOMIUM 10:1.

During the 40 years that the Israelites lived in the land of Egypt, the Israelites occupied the fortress cities of Gezer and Ezion Gezer. However, soon after, a group of rebels came to the city, claiming that they wanted peace with God's people.

2 These people were the Gibeonites. This is the time when the name Gibeon was given in the Bible, but it is not the same as the Amorites. Different Bible accounts occurred many years later, but the Gibeonites and the Israelites were not. We can learn a lot from this story and it will help us learn more about Jehovah God.

THIS IS THE TIME FOR THEM.

3 When the Israelites arrived in the land of Canaan, there were nine nations in the land of Canaan that they had to fight against. They were nations that were “more desolate and better off” than the Israelites. (Deuteronomy 7:1) These nations were the Hittites and the Gibeonites were neighbors of the Hittites. The Gibeonites lived in a town called Gibeon, which had six towns and many villages. (Deuteronomy 10:2) The Hittites were allied with the Israelites. But the Gibeonites were not because they knew that-

1-2. Why should we consider the Bible account of the Gibeonites?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why were they so important to the Israelites?

2

The Gibeonites broke the peace with the Dwemes (see Figure 4).

They saw that the LORD was with his people and that he was keeping his promise to remove the Canaanites from the land. (Ex. 34:11; Dt. 9:24) And when the Israelites fought against Gibeon and Ezion-geber, the Gibeonites sent messengers to tell the LORD in Gilgal to pray for them.

⁴ Read Deuteronomy 9:8-13. The Gibeonites turned their backs on the LORD. They said that they knew that the LORD had sent the Israelites to fight against Shashon, the king of Egypt, and Og, the king of the Amorites. However, they kept quiet, and did not mention what had happened at Gezer and Ezion-geber because it had not happened and was not something they could talk about in the place of their “LORD.” The leaders of Israel listened and made peace with them in accordance with the word of the LORD. (Deut. 9:14, 15) Even though the Israelites saw that the Gibeonites were deceiving them, they did not repent of what they had done because they were ‘preaching the name of the Lord.’ (Dt. 9:16-19) They were appointed to serve ‘to provide fire and fire for the people and for the altar of the Lord.’ This was a service that they were destined to do for all their lives.—Dt. 9:27.

* It appears that some of the people who migrated to Gibeon were members of the other nine cities of Judah: Cephalah, Beth-lehem, and Chelath-Gilead.—Deuteronomy 9:17.

5 And when the captains of the Amorites heard that the Gibeonites had made peace with the Israelites, they offered peace offerings to the Gibeonites.

4. (a) As described in Deuteronomy 9:8-13, what did the Gibeonites do to the Israelites? (See also the illustration.) (b) When the Israelites saw the sheep, what did they do?

5. What did the Gibeonites do to demonstrate their faith in Jehovah?

JULY 2026 3

The Gibeonites called upon Doeg to help them. (Dt. 10:3-7) Doeg and the Israelites fought, but the LORD's people fought back. The LORD sent heavy rain from heaven on the Amorites and caused the flood to pass over them and kill all their cattle. (Dt. 10:9-14) The friendship between the Gibeonites and the Israelites and Doeg's request for help demonstrate that they had faith that the LORD would obey his word and forgive them.

6 What does this tell us about Jehovah? Jehovah is exalted and comfortable. Jehovah told the Israelites that he would “slay all the people on the hill,” including the Gibeonites. (Num. 33:51, 52) However, because of the peace he had made with the Israelites, Jehovah was comfortable and comforted them. Jehovah did this despite the Israelites’ objections. He brought the Israelites back to the hill and used miraculous means to defeat the Gibeonites.—Deut. 9:26; 11:19.

7 How can we learn from the Gibeonites? We need to have strong faith in Jehovah. We know so much about Jehovah that we can learn from the Gibeonites, and we need to dedicate ourselves to him. (Heb. 40:4, 5) Also, we can learn from the Gibeonites by doing upwardly moving work in Jehovah’s service. (Deut. 9:23, 27) An elder brother named Luke was inspired when he saw an elder brother at the Bethel doing upwardly moving work. The elder brother had a lot of work to do in the field, but at the local Kingdom Hall, he and his brothers and sisters shared the joy of the feast. Luke said: “I noticed that if we say we are growing up, we are lying. The things we do will make it appear that we are growing up.” When we face difficulties, let us always turn to Jehovah for help and use the Bible to do whatever he wants us to do in his service and show that we are growing in faith.

HOW JEHOVAH WAS A GREAT FATHER

8 The Bible tells us what happened to the Gibeonites in the days of King Saul. He was angry with the Gibeonites who were part of Israel and tried to subdue them “for the sake of the Israelites and the Judahites.”* Thus, many of them were killed. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) Be careful, Saul and his men!

9 And the LORD did not forgive the Gibeonites, except when David sent them unto Saul his father, and the LORD forgived him. And he was in the wilderness six years in the land of Israel. And David inquired of the LORD concerning the wilderness, and the LORD opened the wilderness, and said, There is blood in the midst of Saul and in the midst of his house, because he hath slain the Gibeonites.

* The Bible does not specifically state when Saul committed the sin. Some scholars suggest that Saul's attitude towards the Gentiles motivated him to do so.

6. What can we learn from Jehovah’s dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. What can we learn from the history of the Gebelians? (see illustration)

8. What did the Gibeonite mean to Saul?

9. When did the Lord deal with the Gibeonites?

4

ORIGIN

Determination to accomplish future tasks leads to the Gethsemane (See Figure 7).

Eventually, the Gibeonites were killed.—2 Sam. 21:1.

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. David asked the Gibeonites what ransom they needed to pay. Would they give David a large sum of money in exchange for their life? No. They said it was “a ransom of an ox or a sheep” because the Law said that no ransom should be given for the life of a dead man. (Num. 35:30, 31) The Gibeonites also knew that if the king did not let them go, there would be no one left in Israel. So David gave them permission to send nine men from the house of Saul to help Saul kill the Gibeonites. Eventually, the family grew and had plenty of food. This was a testimony that Jehovah also saw what the people were doing, and that he had mercy on the Gibeonites who had abandoned them.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

11 What does this tell us about Jehovah? We know that Jehovah is a God of peace. (Heb. 37:28) Many people, including foreigners and strangers, do not live in peace. But Jehovah loves to be in peace with everyone. In the right time, Jehovah will remove any obstacle that His servants face. It also shows that Jehovah loves to keep His promises, as He did when He promised peace to the Israelites at Gibeon.—See Amos 1:9.

12 How can we learn from the Gibeonites? If we have a good relationship with the media, we can be confident that we are serving Jehovah. This is how he has shown us that we can serve in unholy ways at the right time. For example, Sister Laura French volunteered for the Canadian Missionary Service in 1926. Seven years later, a scandal broke out. She was dismissed from a group of volunteers and sent back to the Missionary Service. What did she do about it? She did a minor job, but did not speak to the media or the organization. Instead, she continued with the volunteer service.

10. How did the Gibeonites demonstrate their willingness to obey God’s commandments? (2 Samuel 21:3-6)

11. What can we learn from Jehovah in this story?

12. If yes, what can we learn from the example of Gethsemane?

JULY 2026 | 5

Four years. In 1940, he was called to serve as a missionary, but he refused. He served for 50 years before his death. Like Sister French, if we are young, we must do the right thing and trust Jehovah to work things out in time.—Isa. 26:3, 4.

GYINLA NDHALƐ ƐZONLENLƐ NZI KPUNDII

13 After the death of King David, about 500 years later, the Bible will speak of the Gibeonites. The Jews who went into exile in Babylon for 70 years returned to their homeland of Aleppo. A numbered group of Jews returned to Jerusalem under the leadership of the man of God Zebulun. (Ezekiel 2:1, 2, 58) 70 years later, another group returned under the leadership of the warrior Ezekiel. (Ezekiel 7:1-7) The "Nethinim" family includes some of the two large groups that returned. (See Ezekiel 2:58 and 7:7 the Levites.) But who were the Nethinim? These were the "house servants, or servants of the Israelites," many of whom appear to have been descendants of the Gibeonites.—See "Nethinim" in the Bible Dictionary.

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 et seq. The “ministers of the temple” refers to those who had returned from the captivity to Israel. This indicates that they had great faith, for not all the Jews who had been in Babylon had returned. Indeed, many Jews had settled in Babylon, including

13. Who are the “Nethinim,” and what did the Nethinim do after the Babylonian Exile?

14. How did the Gibeonites demonstrate their loyalty to Jehovah? (1 Chronicles 9:2 et seq.)

They did not want to leave these things behind and go back to help rebuild their country. However, the kings of Judah and the Gibeonites were determined that they would be able to worship in the temple in Jerusalem. So they made every effort to go there. There was no land in Israel for the Jews. But they went there to interfere with the service of the temple and even to help rebuild the city of Jerusalem.—Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this tell us about Jehovah? It tells us that God loves His chosen people and will always be with them. Since Jehovah called the Gibeonites back at the end of the Babylonian Flood, it has been 1,000 years. But Jehovah came to the town of Gibeon. He was sending his people to the wilderness of Judah and Jerusalem in 607 B.C.E. After the flood was over, he sent them to serve in the true service; the Levites served in the temple. It seems that some of them even came close to the temple. (Ezekiel 2:70; Neh. 11:21) And since the fire was to be used in the temple, it was not allowed to burn at all.—Ezekiel 7:24.

16 How can we learn from the Gibeonites? We love to do everything we can to serve Jehovah. That’s why we willingly sacrifice things to serve him because we love him and want to do what pleases him.

15. What does the story of the Gibeonites tell us about Jehovah?

16. What can we do to deal with the false worship of the Gethsemane?

6 ORIGIN OF ARANE

Alwin in the Philippines is a good example. He was working in a church that had a full-time missionary program, but he wanted to be more active in his ministry. He said that if there was a full-time missionary in every parish, he would ask permission to quit his job so that he could attend the program and devote himself to it. Alwin wanted to be a full-time missionary, so he prayed many times and eventually quit his job and looked for a job that would allow him to devote time to the program. He knew that this decision wouldn’t bring much money to his family, but he persevered. Eventually, he became a full-time missionary, and the two of them helped 21 people to come to the truth. Let’s hope that Jehovah will appreciate the efforts Alwin and she made. And let’s be confident that Jehovah will appreciate every sacrifice we make in his service, and that’s why he will always reward us.—Matt. 6:33.

17 The story of Gideon in the Bible teaches us many things about Jehovah’s incomparable character. He is upright, compassionate, gentle, and truthful. He always gives His servants strength. We can also learn many things about ourselves from Gideon. For example, we want to have strong faith in Gideon so that we can rely on Jehovah in times of great fear. Instead, we can choose to trust Jehovah and have confidence that He will use all of His power. Or we can try to follow the true way of worship. If we do, we are sure to learn a lot from the Gibeonite.

17. What can we learn from the biblical account of the Gethsemane?

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

■ How can we apply the knowledge of meteorology to the Geography?

■ If one does not understand it properly, how can one learn the Gebethnerim?

■ What can we do to deal with the genuine worship of the Gethsemane?

STORY 148 Jehovah Is Our Guardian

SEPTEMBER 14-20, 2026

EDWƐNE 41

Please Take Care of My Anxiety

BODANE

A meditation on the book of Isaiah can comfort us in times of anxiety and despondency.

Isaiah Cloud and Bahola Building a Star

“This is what the Lord says:... ‘As a mother comforts her son, so I will comfort them.’”—ISA. 66:12, 13.

Imagine a child crying in his sleep. Maybe they are going to a different place and he will never see his friends again. Or maybe he has made a decision that makes him sad. If he sees his loving mother, what will he do? He will look at her face, hug her and let her know that he loves her.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah compares himself to a loving mother who comforts her children. He said: “As a mother comforts her son, so I will comfort them.” (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah’s love for us is greater than that of any parent. (Isa. 49:15) When we are troubled or depressed, Jehovah uses his Word, the Bible, to give us the comfort and encouragement we need.—Luke 15:4.

3 A comforting word from Jehovah is found in the book of Isaiah. (Isa. 40:1) It was the loving God who sent Isaiah to comfort his troubled people in Judah. Just as we find comfort in “the days of our troubles,” so do we. (2 Tim. 3:1) So let’s consider five words from the book of Isaiah that will help us in (1) times of deep sorrow, (2) when our minds are overwhelmed with grief, and (3) when we are saddened by the loss of a loved one.

1-2. How does Jehovah help when a situation is unsettling?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

8

ANNUAL REPORT OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL TO THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE UNITED NATIONS

9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) It can be a crime, a financial crisis, a civil war, or the interruption of a service in Jehovah’s service. If it’s bad, it can be depressing or discouraging. And if we ask ourselves, ‘Why am I doing this?’ it can burn us. A brother named Joseph served in the Bethel for about 17 years. After he said he was volunteering, he said: “I don’t know what I’m doing, because I don’t live in the Bethel. I didn’t even know how to live my life.” If the situation is temporary, what is Jehovah’s response to the book of Isaiah?

4. In the event of a critical situation, how does one deal with it?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. Jehovah promises that he will not let those who follow the signposts go astray in the wilderness. The words “wilderness,” “astray,” “wilderness,” and “wilderness of the earth” may refer to the way we feel about our situations when they suddenly turn astray. It feels like we’re going through a great tribulation and don’t know the way. But Jehovah promises that no matter what situation we find ourselves in, He will provide us with the revelation we need, and He will not let us down. He will guide us through the storms of life, and He will make the roads clear. How does He do this? By reading the Bible and praying.

5. What does Jehovah promise to do for us? (Isaiah 42:16) (See also the illustration.)

If you find yourself in a difficult situation, Jehovah will not forgive you (See box 5).

'I'll take you in a path you haven't walked before'

(Heb. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) And Jehovah will help us to find help from our brothers and sisters and from others. When we struggle, we can be confident that because Jehovah knows our situation, he will help us.—Isa. 41:10; 1 Peter 5:6, 7.

6 The aforementioned Joseph recalled how Jehovah helped him and his family during their time in Bethel. He said: “When we returned, we saw how Jehovah helped us with the brothers. He provided us with everything we needed and comforted us in the right time, and then again he strengthened us.” If you are in a difficult situation, you can also be confident that Jehovah will strengthen you and give you the guidance you need regardless of the circumstances. (Isa. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph continued: “In the other verse it says, ‘I can deal with many troubles, those who take me are good, and I am a man of understanding.’* Of course, things don’t always go the way we want, but we know that Jehovah helps us.”

A DAY IN THE LIFE OF AN ADVOCATE

7 If we commit a serious sin and tell the elders, they will only help us out of love. Instead, we make every effort to refrain from that sin again. (Mark 28:13; John 18:36)

* References in other editions to the title "Jehovah and Me."

6. How can we be confident that Jehovah will help us in times of distress?

7. What problems can be caused by some people who have done the U.S.?

5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) However, despite the fact that Jehovah allows it to happen, our thoughts may lead us to question. We may ask, ‘Can Jehovah take away the sin that I have committed?’ (2 Cor. 2:7) If so, it is not surprising that he will resent the sin committed against his family and will punish it in the near future. King David exclaimed: “I am not alone, I am in peace. My head is sore, and I am weary.” (Ps. 38:3, 8) If you feel this way about the sin committed against your family, the book of Isaiah may encourage you.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah revealed a secret in his heart about how he would forgive sin. He said that if sin were even “a garment of glory,” he would make it “a garment of shame.” His warnings about forgiveness are not without meaning. However, Jehovah assures us that if he forgives sin, he will not forgive it again.

9 Let’s consider the case of King David. He corrupted his marriage and killed his wife, but Jehovah saved him and the angel said that David was a man of integrity. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Kings 9:4, 5) If Jehovah grants David, he does so because of his faithfulness and not because of his deceit. Similarly, if we are guilty of wrongdoing, Jehovah will forgive us out of love and help us to live in harmony with him. What other verses from the book of Isaiah can help us to deal with negative thoughts?

10 Read Isaiah 38:17 and the following.

8-9. How does Isaiah 1:18 speak of Jehovah’s atonement?

10. What is the meaning of Isaiah 38:17?

10 ORIGIN OF ARANE

"You have forgiven all my sins."

Jehovah’s mind is not set on our sins (See picture 11).

“Forgive me all my iniquities.” Another says, “Forgive me all my sins.” Jehovah is spoken of as if he were going to forgive the unrepentant sinner for his iniquities. He will forgive him in a place where he will no longer see it or even think of it. As one prophet said, we can also read this verse: “You have forgiven my iniquities.” So if Jehovah forgives our iniquities, it is as if he would forgive us even if we did not sin. When Jehovah forgives our iniquities, he will not forgive us one day or cease to forgive us. It is written, “You shall not sin any more.” (Isa. 43:25) This is a great encouragement to us! So if Jehovah, the God of salvation, does not sin, why should we be discouraged?

The wicked mother who betrayed her son is in for a happy ending

11 When our minds are troubled, it is necessary to think of the punishment of Jehovah. For if he forgives sin, then he will forgive it altogether. He is not concerned with the sins we have committed in his house, nor is he concerned with men who are wrathless. (Isa. 57:16) It is not our behavior in his house that pleases Jehovah, but our present behavior and the character we strive to have. (Isa. 55:7) Let us worship a God who is merciful and forgives sin! That is, we should not allow past sins to detract from our present happiness or to deprive us of future blessings.

11. What did Jehovah cause to happen? (Or see my illustration.)

JULY 2026 11

"The dead shall live again"

The expectation of a future professional life depends on the job (see box 14).

IN THE SECOND QUARTER OF THE YEAR

12 If we have lost a loved one, it can be a great source of sorrow and sadness. We don’t know why Jehovah let the loved one die. One brother, Michael, whose brother was killed by a snake, said: “I was so angry with Jehovah that I let him kill them. I don’t know if he killed them, but he must have.” You may feel the same way. If you find yourself in a situation of sorrow, how will Jehovah comfort you?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah has promised that “death will no longer be.” This is the only time when death will no longer exist! You will never be reunited with a deceased loved one again. (Isa. 35:10) You will never see your dying loved ones again. Therefore, you will live with them forever and they will never be seen again. And this promise was not made by a human being, but by God’s Holy Spirit, who has the authority to do so.—James 21:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Not only will Jehovah take away death from him, but he will also raise the dead to life again. He simply said of them, “My dead shall rise again.” This word indicates that the Lord’s kingdom will be all-embracing. No one will be left behind.

12. If we lose a friend, how will we feel?

13. What does Jehovah promise in Isaiah 25:8?

14. When you consider the hope of resurrection, what does it say to you? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also the illustration.)

12 ORIGINS OF ARANE

However, just as the soul will rise again, so will the living Jehovah bring our dead friends back to life again. See how we will rejoice when we are born again.—See Mark 5:42.

15 God’s promise of resurrection is not the only source of comfort for us, but it is a comforting reminder that Jehovah does not disregard his dying supporters. This reassurance encouraged Michael, who we interviewed. He said, “Isaiah 26:19 has helped me to know that Jehovah loves my parents, and that he will look after them and raise them up in due time. This gives me courage and strength.” Let us also focus on his promise of a supporter. If we do so, we will overcome our sorrow.

15. How does the promise of resurrection help us to survive desolation?

16 Let’s look at some of the words in the book of Isaiah that can comfort us in times of sorrow, when our sin has left us despondent, and when a loved one has died. Wouldn’t we like to be comforted by the Lord’s Word? (Ps. 94:19) Do you find a scripture that comforts you in times of sorrow? If you can’t, read a book or listen to a podcast. Let the words of the Lord, the loving God of heaven, comfort you.

16. When you find yourself in a difficult situation, what is the best way to feel reassured?

Example 9: A young man returning from the Field Service welcomes the new congregation. Example 11: A young man turns away from his sinful wife and attends the Ministerial School.

WHAT IF YOU GET ATTACKED BY AN ELEPHANT?

Isaiah 42:16

Isaiah 1:18; 38:17

Isaiah 25:8; 26:19

EDWAWN 3

In Courage, In Determination, In Courage

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

EVANGELIUM 12 Jehovah God Is Our Guardian

We will learn about how Jehovah reveals himself to us, why we need to love him to know him better, and what we can do to help us know him better.

Can You Know Jehovah?

‘Worship your father’s God and give him the heart of man.’—1 CHR. 28:9.

Have you ever wondered about Jehovah’s wise mind, his great love, or the wonderful things he does? When we think about all of these things, it makes us wonder about our Creator. Maybe you will feel like the apostle Paul, who wrote: “Oh, how wise and understanding is God! How beautiful are the words of his mouth, and how perfect are his ways!”—John 11:33, 34.

2 We may not know everything about Jehovah, but we can guess a little about how he is. Why can we say that? King David told his wife Solomon: ‘Seek the God of your father, and give him the heart of man. If you seek him, he will give you.’ (1 Ex. 28:9) Many years later, the apostle John warned his fellow Christians that Jesus had “given us light for the knowledge of the truth.” (1 John 5:20) However, Jesus did not say that “everyone who looks at the Son as he looks at [Jehovah]” would have an attitude toward Jehovah.—Matt. 11:27.

(John 17:3) We can always learn more about things that please Jehovah and how we can increase our appreciation for him. So let’s consider three questions that all of us should consider regardless of how long we spend serving Jehovah: (1) What does it mean to know Jehovah? (2) Why do we need to learn more about him? and (3) How can we learn more about him?

1. When we contemplate Jehovah’s mind, wisdom, and actions, how does He express Himself? 2. What does it mean that we can know Jehovah? 3. What will we discuss in this article?

14

(3) What can we do to make ourselves better?

WHO IS GOD AND WHAT IS HIS PURPOSE?

4 Considering the promise that Jehovah made to the Jews who returned from the Babylonian captivity will help us to understand what Jehovah as we know Him said. He said: “I will give them knowledge that will make them know that I am Jehovah.” (Gen. 24:7) Indeed, those who returned from Babylon knew many things about Jehovah. But if they were to understand Jehovah properly, they would have to draw near to him with all their hearts. We can use this to distinguish between someone who has a desire and someone who loves someone else.” If we know that Jehovah is the name and that he is God, then we know. We want to know Jehovah’s qualities.

5 Knowing Jehovah means knowing what he wants and wants. King Solomon is an example of this. The Bible says: “In the eighth year of his reign, while he was still a child, he set out to seek the seed of David.” (2 Kings 34:3) Solomon learned about Jehovah and put what he learned into practice. This is why Jehovah said to the prophet Jonah that Solomon would “be wise and prudent” and would preach to the wise men and visionaries. Then Jehovah added: “Is not this what a man has done to know me?”—Gen. 22:15, 16.

6 Read Ephesians 9:10. If we know Jehovah well, he will help us to fully understand him. That’s what the apostle Paul did. When he was on his last flight and was about to be taken away, he wrote: “It is not I today. For I know the angel who serves me.” (2 Tim. 1:12) The things Paul learned and the lessons he learned in his life made him devote himself completely to God. Paul had confidence that Jehovah would not deter him and would restore the truth he had professed, and that he would be raised to life.

WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW ABOUT GOD?

7 As we strive to learn more about Jehovah, we try to know him better, but eventually that is no longer the case. Why? Because if we miss a Bible study or a community service, we tend to focus on how we should behave or how we should help others. The Bible does not tell us to do that. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) But it also tells us about the angels who wrote the Bible. (Heb. 25:8-10) So we should not let the way we teach or help others distract us. So we need to carefully ask ourselves, ‘How can this be true about Jehovah God?’*

* See the illustration in the top of the Encyclopædia Britannica, entitled “The Word of God,” verse 20.

4. What does the Jehovah we know show?

5. Regarding what we know about Jehovah, what can we learn from King Solomon?

6. How does it help us to know God, as stated in Eden 9:10?

7. What does Jehovah know about us, even if we have served him for many years?

JULY 2026 15

8 When we have a good relationship with Jehovah, we are getting closer to him. For example, if we read the Bible every day, listen to every station broadcasting, or go to a service, how does it feel? The many ways we can get closer to our Heavenly Father bring us closer to him. Why? We need to learn more about him than we do about ourselves. And this allows us to open up to him and to do as he says. We feel like the reader Esau, who reflected on how Jehovah treats him and said, “The Lord is the center of my heart and my soul forever.” (Read Proverbs 73:24-28.) Every step we take to get to know Jehovah better will strengthen the trust we have in our relationship with him.

9 If we “know” Jehovah, that is, if we consider what we have learned about him and how we should behave, he will help us to make sound decisions. (Mark 3:5, 6) Let’s be sincere. Many brothers and sisters keep a picture of him or put it in a place where they can see him constantly. This helps them to think about him and to consider how they like him. It also helps them to make decisions that are in accordance with his will rather than decisions that would upset him. Similarly, if we keep our thoughts on Jehovah, he will help us to make decisions that are in accordance with his will.—Proverbs 19:13, 14.

10 Because Jehovah has created us in his image, he allows us to learn about his character. (Gen. 1:26) And as we learn more about Jehovah’s character, we will better understand how we will learn about him. The scribes and Pharisees were concerned with even the smallest things of the Law, but Jesus “was concerned with the most important things of the Law, namely, justice, and consolation, and truth.” (Matt. Instead of trying to imitate these religious leaders, let us try to understand how Jehovah’s laws and standards relate to their behavior. Doing so will help us to imitate such behavior.—1 John 4:8, 11.

HOW CAN WE FOLLOW JEHOVAH’S WAY?

11 Who has taught you about Jehovah? It may have been your parents. They may have told you a Bible story that reveals God’s inherent qualities, and they may have shown you how the things we do reflect God’s character. Or it may have been a Bible study with Jehovah’s Witnesses. The person who taught you the Bible might have shown you the Good News! book or another book that answered a Bible quiz, and he or she might have shown you how the creatures you see reflect God’s character.* (Neh. 8:8; Ac. 14:17) Then let’s consider how we can go and learn about Jehovah.

12 Finally, we can use the Bible to learn about Jehovah.

8. Knowing Jehovah better, how will it help our relationship with Him? (Psalm 73:24-28)

9. If we “know” Jehovah, how will he guide our decisions?

10. When we learn about Jehovah, what will he enable us to do?

* Nea Nyia Anyelielɛ Dahuu! Book Study 07 Chapter 5-7.

11. How did Elijah see Jehovah?

12-13. What will reading the Bible help us learn about Jehovah? Let’s look at some examples. (Proverbs 39:15-18) (See also the illustration.)

16 ORIGINS OF ARANE

Meditate on Jehovah’s purposes to help you understand him better (See picture 15)

Sometimes the Bible speaks directly about the nature of God. (Ex. 34:6, 7) But most of the time it speaks about humans and the evils they have done.

13 Consider the following example. When reading Genesis 38:6-13, you will find the Ethiopian warrior who is referred to as the prophet Revelation. At the same time, you will find how you can learn from the warrior’s patience, courage, and love for his fellow man. But does this description reveal any of Jehovah’s character? (Read Genesis 39:15-18.) For example, what does the warrior’s appearance indicate that Jehovah is humble, merciful, or kind? What other traits of Jehovah’s character are recognized in this warrior? Each time you discuss an item in the Book, think about how you can illustrate Jehovah’s character in the verse and identify yourself with that character.

14 Second, we will learn a great deal from contemplating the works of Jehovah. (Heb. 145:9, 10) Indeed, it is not only necessary to contemplate creation. For some people spend all their time contemplating creation without being able to comprehend God’s character or existence. The Apostle Paul wrote that to know God “the invisible things that have been with him since he was in the world, by the knowledge of the things that he has done.” 1:20) One Bible commentator points out in this context that "the right mind cannot comprehend the nature of the Spirit." So we must comprehend what we know in order to comprehend the nature of the Father.

15 Most of them are rural villages with few trees and no vegetation.

14. What can we do to benefit from Jehovah’s promises?

15. What did Patrick do to show his love for Jehovah, and how can we learn from him? (See note.)

JULY 2026 17

If you go to a remote place, will you learn something from the weather? Let’s take Patrick from Brazzaville, a city in the Republic of the Congo, as an example. He says: “I try to walk around my neighborhood to learn about the weather. I can’t help but think of the monkeys or the wolves that come to my neighborhood looking for food or shelter. One day I noticed that there was a wolf in the neighborhood. They just used some of the stuff they had there, so they could go to the hospital and take the kids in.” But that wasn’t what Patrick saw. He got to see the Doctor better. He said: “I saw that Jehovah cares for his creation, even in the most unpleasant of circumstances. It gave me confidence that he would save me and give me what I needed.”

16 One of the other ways we will learn to love Jehovah better is to reflect on what Jehovah has done for us. This is what Mary, the mother of Jesus, did. She knew God well, and she was ‘pleasing in the sight of the Lord.’ (Luke 1:30) But she was given a greater mission, that of bearing the Son of God. Jehovah sent the angel Gabriel and his attendant Elizabeth to help Mary. The virgin was thinking about how she could love Jehovah better. She saw that Jehovah was powerful, and she prayed:

16. What helped Mary, the mother of Jesus, to see Jehovah better, and how can we learn from her? (See also the illustration.)

Reflect on what Jehovah has done for you to help you understand him better

(See box 16.)

18 ORIGINS OF ARANE

(Luke 1:46-55) As Melchisedec described how God helped him, we should also appreciate the gifts that Jehovah gives us in “good times.” (Heb. 4:16) If you are experiencing difficult times, ask yourself: ‘Why should I feel this way about Jehovah? What are some of Jehovah’s qualities that I should feel about in my life?’

WE WANT TO KNOW JEHOVAH BEFORE EVERYTHING

17 This is a reflection of the many things we will learn about Jehovah in the new world. We will have a new book that will help us know what Jehovah wants us to do. (James 20:12) We will study the many things he has created so that we can learn more about him. (Isa.

17-18. Why can we say that we will never stop learning about Jehovah?

However, it is only the resurrection of the dead and the resurrection of the undead that will make us see the Celestial Sun properly.

18 Because Jehovah lives forever and “is beyond understanding,” we should always seek to know him better. (Heb. 90:2; 147:5) The Bible says that we do not know “the works of the true God from the beginning to the end.” (Nom. 3:11) So no matter how long we live in the truth, let us use every opportunity we have to learn more about our loving Father.

EXAMPLE 18: A self-conscious young man is reflecting on how Jehovah has helped him to perform his ministry in the classroom.

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

■ What Does the Jehovah We Know Reveal?

■ Why do we need to get to know Jehovah better?

■ How Can We Know Jehovah Better?

STORY 28 Jehovah’s Friend

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

Let Only Good People Know Jehovah

EDWARD 79 Learn to Live in Harmony

HOW YOU WILL HELP YOUR BIBLE STUDENTS LEARN ABOUT GOD, HIS CHARACTER, AND HOW TO COMPORT YOURSELF WITH HIM AND AGAINST HIM.

“This is eternal life, to know you, the only true God.”—JOHN 17:3.

How would you feel if a Bible student took the time to study, pray, and share his faith with someone, and then decided to turn his heart to Jehovah God? It’s amazing, isn’t it? Indeed, Jehovah wants us to be grateful to him for the spiritual blessings that the Bible student will receive. And when we see how he is helping someone spiritually, he reveals it to us.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John 3, 4.

2 God wants “all kinds of people to have a true knowledge of the truth.” (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know him and to understand his purposes. (Gen. 9:24) This means that they must have a true knowledge. One author said that the word “knowledge” does not mean that a person does not believe in something, but rather that he applies it to his life. If a Bible student rejects Jehovah, that knowledge will affect how he behaves. It will give him the hope of “eternal life.”—John 17:3.

3 Jehovah has given us the privilege of helping others to know him. In this article, we will consider the following questions: (1) Why do Bible students need to know Jehovah better? (2) How can it teach them to know Jehovah’s character? (3) What can we do to help them apply what they learn about Jehovah to their lives?

1. If you know that a Bible student is not a Christian, how do you respond?

2. What does Jehovah’s Witnesses teach? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we discuss in this article?

20

HOW THE BIBLE HELPS YOU KNOW GOD’S PURPOSE

4 Jesus said that the greatest of the commandments is to love Jehovah with all our heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) A Bible student must know Jehovah in order to love him. And he must seek to focus his attention on Jehovah rather than on a religion, doctrine, or organization. And when we study the Bible, the main purpose is to help us love and glorify Jehovah.

5 If you ask, you will receive. And if you know the Father and love him, he will give you. Jesus said: “The world loves me because I love the Father, and because the Father has shown me that I am in him.” (John 14:31) Indeed, if a Bible student loves the Father, he will receive and love him forever.—1 John 5:3.

6 If a Bible student knows Jehovah well, he will make better decisions. Let us be honest. If a person does not have a Bible study book or an appropriate Bible study course, it is not that he will not be able to answer the question. He must be taught and recite it many times so that he understands it well. And in time, he will know how to answer the question in different situations. Similarly, the young man who will be taught a Bible study will not know Jehovah well, but he must use what he has learned to make decisions and know how it will help him.

By having a clear understanding of Jehovah and the way his heavenly Father helps him, he will be able to make the right decision in every situation.

7 Because Joseph knew Jehovah, he saved him when he was in trouble with his father. When Joseph was young, he remembered when Jehovah gave Adam his second wife, Eve. He also remembered when another man took Abel-ham to Shelah. (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) And these words revealed how Jehovah viewed marriage and adultery. Joseph knew God so well that he spoke to him and said, “Why am I doing this great evil and sinning against God?” (Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6). 39:7-9) Joseph knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong in the eyes of God. He knew what was right and what was wrong

WHY JEHOVAH SUBANE WITH YOU

8 How can you teach a Bible student about Jehovah’s characteristics? Jehovah asked David 50 questions that taught him a lot about himself. (David 38:1–41:34) We, too, can ask our students the answers. The different questions in Awake! are intended to help a student learn more about Jehovah’s characteristics. (See the article, “A Question That Will Benefit You.”)

4. According to Mark 12:30, what should be the purpose of our Bible study?

5. If your Bible student believes in Jehovah, what will it enable him to do?

6. How did what your Bible school learned about Jehovah help you make that decision? Let’s see.

7. How did Joseph’s perception of Jehovah’s help help him make a better decision?

8. How did the New Life Hope! book inspire you to become a Bible scholar?

JULY 2026 21

Learn What's Best for You

Many of the lessons that Bible students learned to help them know Jehovah better are contained in the book, Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania. Let’s look at some of them:

"Why Does Jehovah Punish Those Who Spread the Good News?" (Lesson 21)

“How can what we learn about Jehovah and Jesus help us understand what the coming [of Armageddon] will be like?” (Lesson 33)

“If you knew that you belonged to Jehovah, how would he feel? Why?” (Lesson 34)

“If we go to a person who hates Jehovah, how will he feel about us?” (Lesson 42)

"How Great Is Jehovah's Atonement?" (Lesson 56)

"How does the way Jehovah deals with sinners show that he is merciful, compassionate, and loving?" (Lesson 57)

We learned.”) He said that these answers would help the reader understand Him.

9 When we encourage people to study the Bible, we encourage them to read the Bible every day.* How can we help them benefit from their Bible reading? We can encourage them to think about the purpose of Jehovah’s Word and the character of Jehovah that it reveals every time they read a passage from the Bible. This is what James learned from the story of David. James didn’t just talk about the behavior of Job, but also about Jehovah’s compassion and consolation. —Read James 5:11.

10 We want our young lady to be able to see what Jehovah wants or prefers in every Bible question that comes up. For example, let’s say our young lady looks at the section entitled “How to Read the Bible” in the Good News! book. Then she tells us that she wants to read about Daniel being thrown into the dungeon. Can we encourage her as she reads as she ponders these questions: ‘Why did Jehovah forgive Daniel? How does this relate to what pleases Jehovah?’ (Dan. 6:10, 22) He may also ask himself: ‘What happened to the people who were given Daniel’s prophecy?

* The objective of Study Guide 05 says: “Continue reading the Bible in the ‘How to Read the Bible’ section.”

9-10. (a) What will help Bible students benefit from their Bible study? (James 5:11) (b) How can a Bible verse help us know whether Jehovah is good or evil? Let’s see.

22

ORIGIN

Teach your child that if he or she can become a Bible warrior, it is because of what he or she knows about Jehovah (See picture 12-13).

(Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) Then he can think about other aspects of Jehovah’s character that the story reveals.—Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 If we focus on the student’s benefit from our Bible study, we will also be encouraged. However, the student may not be satisfied with what he has learned and may not be satisfied with the way we have taught him. There is no excuse for a bad teacher, but we must help the student to recognize that the one who is teaching him is Jehovah, the Ancient Teacher. (Isa. 30:20, 21) And it is he who answers the question and the teacher.

BOA'S MOTHER KNOW WHAT IS GOING ON IN THE FAMILY

12 If your child has a good understanding of the truth, he or she may apply what he or she learns. How can you help him or her to apply what he or she learns? For example, if he or she is reading a story from the Bible, help him or her to reflect on what he or she knows about Jehovah. For example, if he or she is reading about some of Jehovah’s promises, perhaps he or she will wonder why Jehovah has saved some people’s lives but not others. How can you help your child to think clearly about these promises?

13 You can encourage your family member to reflect on what he or she has learned about Jehovah. For example, he or she may ask, “How does Jehovah value life?” (2 Peter 3:9) Despite our sinfulness, what kind of sacrifice did Jehovah make for us? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Does Jehovah disregard those who should not be cursed? Or does he indulge those who should be cursed? (Ex. 34:6, 7) Sometimes the Bible contains many details about a certain event that help us understand why Jehovah made a decision.

11. How can we help our children see that Jehovah is teaching them?

12-13. How does a young person’s knowledge of Jehovah help him or her understand a Bible passage? (See also the illustration.)

JULY 2026 23

But the truth is, we don't believe such things. We know God, and we know that he is always good.

14 In this way, you can help your son or daughter put into practice what he or she has learned about Jehovah. For example, if your son or daughter is studying, but he or she is at odds with a brother or sister. Perhaps the brother or sister is a little shy. Encourage your son or daughter to think about how Jehovah views brothers and sisters. May he or she ask himself or herself, “What does Jehovah do for those whom he has declared to love?” (John 3:16) “Is the love we have for one another worthwhile?” (Psalm 133:1) “If we do not have that love for one another, what does Jehovah say?” (2 Cor. 13:11) It will help the spouse to know that it pleases Jehovah when he focuses on a person’s good qualities rather than his desires.

14. If a brother or sister does not get along well, how can you help them?

Help your Bible student learn how to make decisions that please Jehovah (See picture 15-16)

15 Finally, you can help your son or daughter use what he or she has learned about Jehovah to make a better decision. You may want to turn his or her attention to Study 35 of the Good News! book. It’s title is, “How Can We Be Confident?” And if your son or daughter is studying this topic, is he or she wondering what to do? Perhaps the problem is that he or she knows many Bible principles but doesn’t know which ones will help him or her best. You may want to encourage him or her to think about Jesus’ example. What helped Jesus make his or her decision? He said: ‘I always do what pleases my Father.’ (Read John 8:29.) The parent might ask, ‘What do I do to oppose Jehovah, considering the various investigations I am doing and what I have learned about him?’ It helps the parent to know that if he makes every decision that pleases Jehovah, he is making the right decision.

16 A young woman in Chile who was studying the Bible had to make an important decision. She loved her family and wanted to do a full-time job, but the job wouldn’t allow her to attend school. Marianne, who was studying with her, said: “I encouraged her to think about how her decision would affect Jehovah. Would it make her feel better or worse? And I encouraged her to pray about that decision and not how Jehovah wanted it. She did that job, but she had other jobs that she enjoyed.

15-16. (a) When a Bible student has to make an important decision, what can he do to learn from Jesus? (John 8:29) (b) What did Marianne do to help her student make a better decision? (See also the illustration.)

24 THE BIRTH OF ARANE

He has time to go to school.” Marianne didn’t do what the brother was supposed to do, but instead helped him reflect on what he knew about Jehovah. This strengthened the brother’s relationship with Marianne and with Jehovah. Marianne said: “He saw that if we practice Jehovah’s worship, it helps us.”

HOW TO LIVE IN GOD’S KINGDOM

17 When we study the Bible with our elders, we teach them many important things. Some of these things are basic teachings about the state of humanity, the redemption, and the Kingdom. They also learn about our organization. Some of these things are how we conduct our classes, how our church leaders function, and the functions of the Kingdom Hall. However, it is not these truths that we want to teach our elders. We want them to know Jehovah better.

18 We have a great opportunity to encourage others to love Jehovah! Even so, those who know and serve Jehovah have the greatest happiness in life. (Heb. 25:12-15) Of course, those who ‘acquire the knowledge of the Lord’ will have eternal life. (1 John 5:20) But they will also receive other benefits. The Bible says that those who seek to know and love Jehovah, Jehovah ‘knows them.’ (1 Cor. 8:3) However, God’s loving Savior knows and loves them as his friends. What a blessing it is to know the true God!

18. What benefits will those who know Jehovah have?

17. What are the most important things that a Bible student should study?

THE NEXT STORY Day 24: Marianne meets the Bible scholar who is looking for a job.

WHEN IS IT TIME TO BELIEVE?

Why Do Bible Students Need to Know Jehovah Better?

How Can We Help Some Bible Students Reveal Jehovah’s Characters?

How can we help a Bible student put into practice what he learns about Jehovah?

EDWƐNE 84

We Are Support

APPLICABLE LEGISLATION

Jehovah Helps Me Make Choices

KEN KIUCHI ANLOA EDWƐKƐ

I will never forget the first few days I worked in a paper mill in Brooklyn, New York, U.S.A. As I walked around the premises and watched how the paper millers were working, I was amazed. The well-planned layout of the mills made the premises look clean and oily.

I saw many things, but what impressed me the most were the people there. There were some of my brothers and sisters who were doing the same thing every day. People didn’t know them and looked down on them. But I loved them and looked up to them. Their example helped me see how I needed to grow up and serve Jehovah.

Jehovah has helped me over the years to develop a positive attitude and he has also helped me. But I don’t remember how I was seeking the truth when I was a Buddhist.

IT'S A GREAT DAY IN MY LIFE

I was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. When I was four years old, my parents moved from Japan to Chicago because they feared that life would not be better for them in America. They wanted to send their children to good schools and have a good life.

My parents were Buddhists. The Buddhist temple was located in the village where my mother lived. Her father and two brothers were Buddhist priests. So when I was a child, I was kept away from Buddhism. When I went to the temple, I would burn incense on the statue of Buddha and offer sacrifices of meat and fire. On Sundays, we would go to a Buddhist temple where there was only one statue, but the statue there was bigger than the one in the temple and they would throw stones at it.

I remember when I was nine years old, I saw my grandfather standing near the temple and thought, ‘When I’m 10 years old, what’s going to happen to me?’ I had been trained in Buddhism for 10 years, and I was going to live up there somewhere as a spirit being. And I saw that one day I would die. I would be a spirit being, but I wouldn’t be doing the things I did as a human being anymore. It made me sad and I felt like I was dying every now and then.

When I was 15 years old, I realized that my Buddhist devotions had no meaning. I was missing something in my life. (Matt. 5:3) I was convinced that there was an all-powerful God. I wanted to be a Christian. I wondered if the Bible could answer my questions.

GENESIS 26

He ordered a King James Version of the Bible from a Buddhist church despite the fact that it was impossible to get a Bible in those places!

When I was 17 years old, a brother named Wilson Bashou talked to me in the afternoon while I was going to the beach with my daughter. He asked me, “Is this the promise of the day of the Lord?” After that, we had a Bible study. Wilson read Isaiah 17:1 and asked me, “What does the ‘great fire’ that the destroyer is coming for mean?” I answered. Then he opened the 15 verses that he had shown me that the great fire was present for the people. I thought I was seeing Jehovah’s Witnesses teaching the Bible. During our meeting, Wilson gave me a copy of The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life, a book that changed my life.

Seven days later, I attended my first Bible study in the Church. I was amazed at how well the brothers treated me. Since that time, I haven’t missed a single day of Bible study. Instead, Wilson promised to study the Bible with me. I was so interested in Bible study that I spent most of my time studying. My parents were shocked by this, and they gave me a lot of encouragement. But as I learned more, I grew more confident in the truth. I got married in 1983.

MENGYAKYILE UNIVERSITY HALL AND MANAGEMENT ADEQUACY

When I was born, I was studying for a doctorate at a prestigious university. My parents made many sacrifices so that I could attend this school. I could afford my university tuition, but I wanted to do everything I could for Jehovah and devote all of my time to Him.

My father threatened me, “If you leave university, you’ll be out of my house!” I was so upset and devastated. I called my parents and asked them to let me go. I was still in school, but I would go to school every day and pray, “Lord, please help me in this endeavor.” When I finally decided to leave university, my father sent me back to the house. I went to Wilson and told him what I had done. He said he would live with me. My family and I – my mother, my father, my brother and I – were all in the house. I was in the house and my heart was in my chest. I knew I had to make a decision.

I felt so blessed! I finally had the opportunity to devote my whole life to serving Jehovah. I left the service in 1984.

During my time as a volunteer, Jehovah helped me to develop many good qualities. One of them was how to stay focused on doing things my parents didn’t like. At first, I was so focused on doing everything I could that I couldn’t go to school because I didn’t have a friend to go to the congregation with, and that made me feel down. But I persevered. I went to the congregation for about two weeks, and then I went to work.

Me and Wilson Bashou who introduced me to the faith

JULY 2026 27

They hired me at a bookstore in Brooklyn.

Me nee Michiko Oda nee ɔ hu

I was tired, my head was sore, and my family was looking for me, so I was happy to go home. While I was in the church, I met a young man from the Philippines. I asked him, ‘What are you doing with your hair?’ But he just looked at me! I stopped studying the Bible with him and he became a Christian.

MENZUKOALE NINYƐNE DƆƆWO WƆ BƐTƐLE

After I lived with Wilson for two years, I was called to serve at the Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As I expected, I was given a job in the bookmaking department. One day, while I was working on the book cover, I made a mistake that damaged a large part of the book cover. The brothers said that I had lied to them. I did not write the entire book cover, but I did write one important story. The voice in my head said to me, "It's good to see you." It made me feel like I had to take my voice to my ears and open my mouth.

I learned how to be a good servant from the elders in the volunteer ministry. One day, as we were returning home from a meal, we sat at the table with Brother Milton Henschel, who was in charge of the Parents’ Meeting. A lot of people came to see how the elders were preparing the meal. The elders were giving the meal, but it was too cold. We sat at the table and talked about how we could help the elders. Mr. Henschel listened to us, but he didn’t respond. He got up and went over to the brothers who were serving the meal and took the meal. I will never forget that kind of self-righteousness. He did for me what the Father did for his apostles.—John 13:3-5.

28th ANNIVERSARY

“THEY ARE JAPANESE!”

In 1987, I visited Japan and was impressed by the hard work of Jehovah’s Witnesses and the computer program. I wanted to help in the ministry, but my problem was that I didn’t speak Japanese. A sister named Michiko Oda at the branch office looked up at me and said, “You look like a Japanese!” I learned something. I was worried that that sentence would one day change my life.

In 1989, I attended my first Japanese-language convention in Los Angeles, California. I met and fell in love with Miwako Onami, a missionary sister who was one of the producers of the drama.

We got married in 1992, and we had the privilege of working in the Brooklyn branch. My husband cares about people and always wants to help. His example has helped me change my attitude in the way I interact with others. He is a gift from Jehovah to me and I still love him.

JAPAN REJECTS APPROPRIACY REPORT

Eventually, Miyako's parents in Japan were so impressed that they allowed us to serve in the Japanese Field Office so that we could be closer to them and know each other better. We returned to the Japanese Field Office in 1999.

The Japanese volunteer family was very nice, and it was a great place to be. The kindness of the Japanese friends and the sense of responsibility I learned helped me a lot. The friends don’t work alone. They work as a team. Why? In Japanese culture, it’s known that if you put your heart into something, it’s better than if you don’t put your heart into it. Their great example made me realize that I had to grow up and work with someone else to contribute even a little bit of my time to Jehovah’s great purpose.

Because of the American interest in my work, it was important for me to have a free way of communicating with Japanese people.

The Day We Went Away

I was reluctant to do things in a certain way. I had to decide to be bold and not be cowardly. Eventually, I changed my mind, and decided that if we were to grow up and follow the principles that Jehovah had set for the organization, he would guide us in every decision. Because in the end, Jehovah would see our work through.

I compare the wisdom I gained at Bethel to the wisdom the prophet Moses gained. Jehovah gave Moses 40 years to help him learn the Scriptures. Like Moses, I studied the Scriptures. The books I studied helped me become an elder and to think about myself. Bethel helped me realize that I needed to grow up and to think about Jehovah. Just as Jehovah had wisdom and care for Moses, so He has had wisdom and care for me in these years.

My parents died when I was about 24 years old.

JULY 2026 29

It was funny that we would go to the hospital on our own. At one point, Misako’s mother was very upset. She had to miss classes and school trips. After her death, she had to live in poverty. However, despite all this, her love for Jehovah was stronger. If she spoke about the truth, she would love it. Misako was a great example of how to keep our spirits high and our hearts happy regardless of the circumstances and I would like to quote her.

We spent the last 30 years working in Bethel. However, in 2024, we were sent back as full-time missionaries and it was a huge change in our lives. Finally, we landed in a place called Okinawa and had the opportunity to witness a family living in a small island in the nearby sea. Thanks to the good experience we had in Bethel, it was not our fault that we had to make this change. We try to organize ourselves and make the most of our time. This keeps us focused and focused on the ministry. Jehovah has given us many Bible students who will be our parents. We are so grateful for the opportunity to love people. My wife and I always thank Jehovah for this wonderful gift.

I KNOW THAT GOD IS MY FATHER

Some of my relatives were not my own, but they did not stand in the truth. But Jesus promised that those who would leave their parents and come to be His disciples would have 100 times as many spirits and families. (Mark 10:29, 30) So it was with my wife. I was blessed with a family spread all over the world that loved me and made me proud of my family.

I was impressed by the Truth book that Wilson gave me. It reminded me of the beautiful way that Jehovah gave me a vision. (1 Ex. 28:9) I decided to let Jehovah go with me and help others learn the truth that leads to eternal life.

Railway Jobs in Japan

Miwako and I were studying in Okinawa.

30th ANNIVERSARY

Siezie Nkwenlɛ Ne Mmandɛ!

When something about a friend upsets you so much that your relationship is at risk, you need to (1) deal with it immediately, and (2) make sure you are willing to rebuild your relationship. *

Let's do the same thing. If a man wants to be a boy, he needs to be made to look like a boy. But if the man who wants to be a boy looks like a girl, he will have to be made to look like a girl. The problem is that if he is able to make himself look like a boy, he will never be able to do the same things that the girl used to do.

Just as a man wants his wound to heal quickly, so if you have a problem with a Christian, you need to resolve it quickly. Failure to do so will cause the relationship to deteriorate. It will make you angry and your relationship will collapse. Jesus said, "Let him settle the matter quickly." (Matt. 5:25) So, talk to your partner, even gently, about the issue that is causing you to deteriorate. Why is this important? Consider two things.

At the very least, you should try to cope with the situation as much as you can because it may be uncomfortable to talk about it.#GiveMedia

* We should deal with the evil thing that is going on among us promptly so that no one will hear it and we will get rid of the sin. (Matt. 5:23, 24) But if the evil thing is serious, we should have the elders help us to deal with it. (Matt. 18:17) However, a Christian should first consider the revelation in Matthew 18:15, 16 and bring it to the elders.

# When a person’s relationship with God is broken, we can look to the sunrise.—Mark 26:20.

The two women, Herodias and Syntyche, are examples of what might have been a relationship of infidelity. They seem to have avoided the trouble because the apostle Paul, even in the Roman Empire, encouraged them to do whatever was right in their relationship. (Phil. 4:2) If they look up, repent, and forsake sin, they will be better companions again.

Second, it can be difficult to prevent a crush from forming. However, it is important not to make a crush on a friend, but to make a crush on a promise. If a friend is in a crush, he or she is focused on how to get out of it, not on what the person who caused the crush did. So, if you are in a crush with a friend, focus on the person who is causing the crush. So, think about how you relate to each other and decide what you want to do with each other.

The Bible says, “Don’t let the anger remain in your heart.” (Eph. 4:26) Doing everything you can to resolve the issue quickly will help you to maintain “the harmony that is necessary.”—Eph. 4:1-3.

JULY 2026 31

THE WORLD IS GOD'S WORLD

July 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 7 NZEMA

ABOUT THE MAGAZINE

Bible Study Topics for September 7-13 | 2 Lessons from Gethsemane

Bible Study Topics for September 14-20 | Isaiah 8

September 21-27 Study Material | 14 Can You Know Jehovah?

Study Material for September 28-October 4 | 20 Help People to Know Jehovah

BIBLE TEACHINGS | 26 Jehovah Helps Me to Have More Choices

Siezie Ngyegyelɛ Ne Wɛndɛ! | 31

DEBIE WHAT'S GOING ON IN OUR COUNTRY

Recognize the time of the day

When we attend classes, we have the opportunity to use our words to encourage others. (Heb. 10:24, 25) So how can we use our words to encourage others?

• Pray about it. Ask Jehovah to help you speak in a way that glorifies him and strengthens others.—Psalm 35:18.

• Don't just talk about the book. If you talk about your beliefs when you're speaking, it will help your listeners.

• Broadband Internet. Broadband Internet is not only more powerful, but also more accessible.—Mark 10:19.

• Focus on the present: Focus on the present for the community or individual as well as the individual for the community or individual.

If you let yourself be upset, you can encourage someone. In what ways? The changes you are making will be better if they are seen with appreciation.—Mark 10:21.

Donate this book. It supports the worldwide Bible teaching work through heartfelt donations. If you would like to support us, please visit donate.jw.org.

To distinguish between different meanings, the terms in the Scripture are given in Scripture Meanings—The World English Dictionary.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website or click on this logo

JW.ORG

w26.07-NZ