OCTOBER 2026

OWAN-ABAN

LET JEHOVAH’S ADVENTURE BE YOUR ADVENTURE

ADESUA NAME:

DECEMBER 7, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

MFE ƆHA A ATWAM

The Watchtower of January 1, 1926, said, “Soon God will make it clear to everyone that he is the One.” It also said, “God has chosen people to testify about him.”

In 1926, Jehovah, through Jesus Christ, the head of the church, made it clear to the Christians that the work of preaching should be the priority in their lives. Therefore, the “faithful Master and Servant” made a decision, and the way in which the congregation met was changed. In addition, the brethren were shown what they were doing that would most clearly indicate that they were Christians. (Matt. 24:45) Christ also helped them to get rid of their work clothes, and of the clothes they used to cover their bodies so that they could preach.

WE ARE WORSHIPING OUR FATHER, AND WE ARE WORSHIPING OUR FATHER BUT WE ARE WORSHIPING MU NSAKRAE

In April, The Golden Age, now called Nyan!, announced that they were sending out six copies of Deliverance, which would replace Studies in the Scriptures in the ministry. In order for the brothers to have enough copies to carry with them, the brothers at Bethel bought a six-in-a-box machine that could print 22 copies at a time. Everyone who came to the Bible School for testimony was given a copy of Deliverance.

For the next several years, the Bible Students studied Studies in the Scriptures regularly, but by May 1926, they had stopped reading The Watchtower. What was the benefit?

The Little Bunker Hill congregation in Illinois wrote a letter to Mr. Rutherford. They said: “The Little Bunker Hill congregation greets you. If you come to Quasida, the words that Jehovah’s Church tells us to read, that’s what we read. It’s up to us that, if there’s a flare-up, we all see it immediately in the Watchtower.”

For example, one issue of The Watchtower taught that while it is right to honor our fathers, to respect our people, and to give thanks to them, we should not abandon ourselves to the most important work. The article read: ‘If a man loves the Lord, he must obey his commandments. Jehovah says: You are my teachers, and I am your God. If a man is a Christian, he must take it upon himself to obey the testimony of God.’

The Seventh-day Adventists also emphasized that true Christians show their love for Jehovah by worshipping him with all their hearts. That teaching encouraged Bible Students, whether in the water or in the air, to dedicate themselves to telling the good news to everyone.—Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

A few weeks later, a letter from the congregation was published in the July 15, 1926, issue of The Watchtower. It read: “The Watchtower has recently issued two volumes of a book entitled, “The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.”

2 OWAN-ABAN

The letter also said: “At this time, when we have a meeting, everybody wants to get involved, and it will be very harmful to our congregation.”

WE HAD A GOOD DAY, AND WE HAD A GOOD NIGHT TO RETURN TO THE HOUSE

At the end of the summer, a large number of Bible Students attended a conference in London, England. At that time, workers in Britain were in strike, so it was difficult to find staff to print for them. Instead, the brothers at the Brooklyn Bethel spent many hours printing 117,000 copies of The Standard for the People, which they distributed to the brothers attending the London conference.

On the morning of May 29, they left the newspaper and went to preach. On that day, the message on the program of the meeting encouraged the brothers: “Everyone who is baptized at this meeting should speak to people about Jesus and His Kingdom. That evening, everyone should make an effort to go to the Alexandra Palace quickly, and the brothers there will show you what to do.”

The elders produced more than 100,000 copies. The Watchtower of July 15, 1926, reported: “The elders are very happy. They are determined to show that they are Jehovah’s servants by spreading the good news.”

On the following day, Mr. Rutherford gave a speech at the Royal Albert Hall. His theme was “Why the World Needs Christians—Why This Is a Trouble.” It was planned that, once the stage was set, 13,000 people would be in attendance. Those who could not afford to be on the stage were allowed to listen through large speakers placed on the floor.

In his sermon, Mr. Rutherford taught that the reason the world’s rulers were opposed to them was because they opposed Jehovah and His Kingdom. Then he spoke against the Jews, and said that they should not follow him.

WE CELEBRATE THE ASSEMBLY IN INDIA

While Mr. Rutherford was at a conference in London, he met an evangelist named Edwin Skinner from Sheffield, England. When they left the conference and returned to Sheffield, Mr. Rutherford told him that his mother was in London.

Mr. Skinner said, “I never thought that we would go and preach in so many countries.” Mr. Skinner continued, “Soon after, I went to London.

A. Deliverance nwoma no

B. Alexandra Palace in London

D. Royal Albert Hall in London

DELIVERANCE!

A-M_BAR_French (Belgium)

B

D 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000

E. George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner during their visits to India

A. George Draper

E

A

He says if we go to serve in four countries, I will go.” Soon after, Mr. Rutherford asked him, “If we say go to India, will you go?” Edwin replied, “When do you want me to go?”

Nine months later, in July, Edwin Skinner and George Wright sailed to India. Mr. Wright was a volunteer missionary. Mr. Skinner served at Bethel, where he oversaw all of the country’s ministry. He also served in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), and Persia (Iran). Mr. Skinner lived in India for 64 years until he retired from the land ministry in 1990.

THERE ARE SOME ACCOUNTANTS THAT DON'T KNOW THAT.

Beginning around 1894, Jehovah’s Witnesses employed volunteers to train Bible Students, much like today’s superintendents. By July 1926, the system had failed. They spent only one day, but then spent five in each school, and were required to spend 100 hours preaching in each school.

In a letter to the congregation, Brother George Draper, who was then the superintendent, said: “Jehovah’s servants are like pigeons waiting for their prey, and we must warn people to beware. [Isa. 56:10] The Watchtower that we study will help us to do that, and that is what I am concerned about.” Brother Draper retired from his earthly ministry in 1938.

WE'RE GOING TO NEW YORK CITY

The next major convention of the year was held from October 14 to 18, 1926, in New York City. Mr. Rutherford gave a speech entitled, “The First Worldwide Church.” The delegates prepared a letter of protest against Mr. Rutherford’s speech. However, as time went by, many of those who had signed the petition withdrew.

On Friday, October 15, Mr. R. J. Martin presented a four-page pamphlet entitled Against the People. He said it would discredit the work of the committee, and he strongly disagreed with Mr. Rutherford. Mr. Martin said: “Let us take it upon ourselves to print our paper. Our brothers at Bethel will work day and night until they have printed 1,250,000 copies, and we will let the brothers at this meeting distribute it to the people.” When the meeting ended on Friday, the brothers broke the pamphlet. By that time, 300,000 manuscripts had been distributed.

Memeneda and Kwasiada received the most, with 1,000,000 copies. Meanwhile, the brothers of Deliverance received 3,783 copies, and 35,140 copies were distributed.

On Thursday, October 17, at 6 a.m., about 12,000 people attended Mr. Rutherford’s speech. As he spoke, questions were asked by those interested in the subject.

4 OWAN-ABAN

F. Atheism; it strongly denies Mr. Rutherford's claim that "There is only one true religion in the world."

G. The match was held in October 1926 at Madison Square Garden in New York City.

There were more than 9,000 people present at the time, and they held meetings and reviewed many of the manuscripts that day.

WE ARE 117 ADAMS STREET

Because of the great demand for our newspaper, the brothers in Brooklyn who were in charge of the work decided that the printing place needed to be expanded. As the days went by, they found a place at 18 Concord Street, where they would print. But as the work progressed, the place became too small. So the brothers bought a piece of land on Adams Street, near where the mother lived, and they moved into a large, outbuilding. In any case, they found a place where they could print.

The building at 117 Adams Street was completed in 1927. It helped the brothers prepare for the future. By 1927, the congregation had grown and Jehovah’s Witnesses had settled in, so that in 1931 they could be called Jehovah’s Witnesses.

The family resided at 117 Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York.

OCTOBER 2026 5

DECEMBER 7-13, 2026

DWOM 46

Let Us Remember You, Jehovah

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

Why we should be rational, and how we should be rational.

Write Something About Yourself When You're Dead

“Be men of modesty.”—COLOSENSES 3:15.

A 95-year-old man named John* was very ill. So he had people around him to look after him. Every time someone came to his bed, or did even the smallest thing for him, John would pray. He would write his name in a small notebook. If he was ill, he would ask one of the people around him to lay his face on his stomach and pray. Then, those who would come to his bed or do anything to help him that day, he would trust Jehovah to say that he would recover. One of those who watched him said, “Though his illness made John sad, he was always happy and cheerful.” John’s story also suggests that even when things go wrong, showing our appreciation makes us feel better and refreshes our hearts.

2 But sadly, today many people do not. The Bible says that at the end of the age, people will become selfish. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) If someone does something for them, they feel comfortable to accept it. But if someone does something for them, they do not know why they should accept it, because they think it is the good of the one. Such a choice, however, is not at all; it is hypocrisy.

3 Jehovah’s servants should not imitate the world’s wicked people. The Apostle Paul admonished us: ‘We are not men of gratitude.’ (Col. 3:15) When someone does something for us or helps us, we should not be grateful in our hearts, but rather, we should be grateful in our hearts.

* We changed the name.

1. What do you learn from John’s account? (See also footnote.)

2. How are most people today?

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

6

When you look at things in the right light, you can improve your judgment (See paragraph 1)

To help us do this, let’s consider these five questions: (1) Why should we show gratitude? (2) How can we increase our gratitude? (3) What can we do to show our gratitude?

WHY SHOULD WE EXPECT HAPPINESS NOW?

4 If we don’t look forward to the good things that are happening in our lives, we are not happy. The Bible says: “Every day is a trial.” (Proverbs 15:15) Sometimes we all face challenges that we can’t overcome. There are challenges that we can’t control, but it is up to us to decide how to deal with them. If we constantly disregard the good things that are happening in our lives, every day may turn out to be a bad day.

4. What harm can be done if we do not tell the truth?

5 It helps to be cheerful. A cheerful person has a cheerful face. Proverbs 15:15 says, “He who is cheerful is always at ease.” A “cheerful” person, even when he is in trouble, focuses his mind on the good things that are happening in his home and is cheerful. This shifts his attention away from the unpleasant things that are happening in his home. He is at ease and always looks “at ease.”

6 See Philippians 4:6, 7. When we pray to Jehovah about what he is doing for us, we should not “wait.” Why? When we wait, we should not focus on what will happen tomorrow or in the future, but on what Jehovah is doing for us right now. Focusing on how Jehovah is helping us today will strengthen our faith, and give us the assurance that he will help us in the future.

5. If we represent things incorrectly, why does it make us feel uncomfortable?

6. If we trust in Jehovah, how can we be sure that He will take care of us? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

OCTOBER 2026 7

Remember Jehovah’s Blessings Every Day (See paragraphs 9-10)

(Matt. 6:25-34) Moreover, if we pray earnestly to Jehovah and pour out all the thoughts of our hearts on him, he will give us “his rest,” and that will help us.

7 When we show appreciation for things, we love Jehovah. Every good thing we have, Jehovah has given to us. (Read James 1:17.) He has given us many things, including the ransom and the hope of eternal life. Why does Jehovah give us all these things? Not because we ask, but because he loves us. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) When we show appreciation for Jehovah’s love for us and for the good things he has given us, our love for him grows, and we become his faithful friends.

WHAT CAN WE DO ABOUT IT?

8 Remember the good things Jehovah has done for you in the past. Have you ever faced a difficult time in your life? Maybe your loved one died, a serious illness struck you, or people rose up against you because of your faith. What helped you to overcome any of these difficulties? If you look back, you will know that if Jehovah had known you, you would not have failed. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) Remembering how Jehovah helped you in the past will increase your love for him.—Proverbs 103:2.

9 Remember how Jehovah has blessed you. The Bible tells us to ‘remember in all things.’ (1 Thess. 5:18) Each day has its own time to remember how Jehovah has blessed you. You can do this at any time. You may want to do it in the morning, so that you have something to remember during the day. Or you may want to do it in the evening, so that you can go out on the road and not be overwhelmed by remembrance. (Prov. 92:1, 2) You can follow the example of John described in this story above and remember the good things that Jehovah has done for you. What good things can you remember?

7. How does it affect our relationship with our Creator, Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. How does it help us to remember the good things that Jehovah has done for us? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What Good Things Does Jehovah Do for You Every Day? (See also the chapter.)

8 OWAN-ABAN

10 First, think about what Jehovah has done for you that day. (Deut. 40:5) Think about how Jehovah has helped you spiritually. Think about how he has answered your prayer, how his Word, Bible books, videos, and JW Broadcasting have comforted you. (Deut. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) And think about the good things he has done for you personally. Think about how he has made your day beautiful, how he has made you happy, and how he has given you friends who love you. 17:25) What else does Jehovah give you that you can trust in?—Eph. 5:20.

133:1; Prov. 18:24) It may be that a brother or sister does something to help you, or sings a comforting song for you. (Prov. 12:25; 16:24) Even the small things that our brother or sister does for us are a blessing from Jehovah, and we should take it to heart. For example: A brother’s father died, and because of the grief that came upon him, he could not sing when he came home. He said to him, “One day, my brother looked up and saw that I was dead. He came quickly to me, put his hand in my breast, and kissed me. This made my love for the brothers greater.” The brother’s simple touch to the mother of his dead son also comforted her, and her eyes were filled with tears.

12 Reflecting on the good things that Jehovah has done for you, and on the things he is doing for you, will increase your appreciation. As we said earlier, if someone does something for us or helps us, we should not resent it in our hearts, but rather, we should acknowledge it or do something to show our appreciation for what they have done for us. What can we do?

HOW DO YOU DECIDE WHICH ONE IS RIGHT FOR YOU?

13 What can we do to show our appreciation? Let’s consider the premise on which this lesson is based. When the apostle Paul instructed us to show our appreciation, he said: “Whatever you do, whether speech or work, do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, offering thanks to God the Father.” (Col. 3:15, 17) This also shows that we show our appreciation through our words and deeds. Here, Paul was referring to the trust we place in Jehovah. But when we show our appreciation for what he has done for us, Jehovah is also pleased. So, how can our speech, our words, and our actions show that we are what the answer is to us? Let's consider the following.

14 Let your words show that you care. Don’t assume that if someone says something to you, even if it’s a small thing, you’ll believe it. If it’s true, if it’s a message, or if it’s a friend, you can believe it. If not, you can text, email, or write a letter to the person. For example, did a church elder warn you or your loved one just now?

11-12. What blessings will Jehovah give us if we obey him?

13. How can we show others that we appreciate what they do for us?

14. How can you use your speech or words to show that you agree with the answer? (See also the paragraph.)

OCTOBER 2026 9

How can your words and actions show that you value what others do for you? (See paragraph 14.)

(1 Thess. 5:12, 13) Alternatively, you can take the place of younger elders in the congregation. In this way, when they and their husbands could do something together, they would make a donation so that their husbands could help and encourage the elders in the congregation.

15 Above all, we need to tell Jehovah to listen to us. What do we do? We pray to him from the bottom of our hearts. For example, our prayer is different. (Eph. 6:18) It may be a plea or a pleading prayer and we do not answer. In such situations, we ask Jehovah for something that might give us strength to overcome difficulties, or wisdom to make good decisions. Or it may be a mistake that we have made and we are asking for forgiveness. However, many of the good things that Jehovah has done for us, if we think about them, will help us to pray to him. (Prov. 95:2) Of course, he may ask us some questions to check the quality of our prayer. We may ask ourselves: ‘Are our prayers merely requests, or are they our way of showing Jehovah our appreciation?’

15. How can we show in our prayers that we appreciate what Jehovah has done for us?

16 Do something nice to show that you appreciate what others do for you. If someone does something to you that makes you feel good, do something to show that you appreciate it. If we do something for others, we feel good, and if someone does something for us, and we don’t just listen to what we say or do, but also do something nice to show that we appreciate it, we feel good. (Acts 20:35) On the other hand, if we do this, others will feel that we love them, and they will feel good in return.

17 Looking at the wonderful things Jehovah has done for us inspires us to do something in return to show our appreciation for what he has done for us. What can we do for Jehovah? One thing we can do is to give our bodies “in a proper sacrifice” to him. (Read Romans 12:1.) This means that we use all our minds, hearts, and strength to do what Jehovah wants. What does Jehovah want?

16. Why should we do something positive to show that we appreciate what others do to us?

17-18. What can we do to show Jehovah that we appreciate what he does for us?

10 OWAN-ABAN

18 When we hear about what Jehovah has done for us, our love for him grows. It motivates us to dedicate ourselves to him, and we have faith. We commit ourselves immediately, and we continue to serve him with all our time, our energy, and our resources. Therefore, we try to read his Word every day, and we dedicate ourselves to preaching the gospel. Also, we do what we can to attend church, and we also devote ourselves to it. At the same time, we give our money and our resources to the Kingdom work. (Deut. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) By doing everything we can to serve Jehovah, we show that we appreciate what he does for us.—Col. 3:23, 24.

19 In this day and age, not many people do. But what we know is the most important thing is to express our appreciation. We know that when we express our appreciation, it makes our joy greater, it makes us feel better about ourselves, and what is more, it makes us love Jehovah. When we express our appreciation for what Jehovah has done for us and what he is doing for us, it makes us feel better about ourselves. But let us be sure that we use our language and what we do to express our appreciation for what he has done for us. But what is most important is that we let Jehovah know that what he has done for all of us is most important to us. If we do so, the blessings of God’s righteousness will flow upon us both now and in the future.—Deuteronomy 106:1; Hebrews 11:6.

19. Why are you afraid to express yourself?

CHAPTER 7: The Bible does not tell us what John did. CHAPTER 8: Things may go wrong for this young man, but the blessing of the Lord is upon him; it is the only thing that comforts him.

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ Why do you need to show things differently?

■ How do you make your relationship stronger?

■ What can you do for a woman?

DWOM 139

Fa W'ani Bu Wiase Foforo No

DECEMBER 14-20, 2026

DWOM 143

Go to Work, Come and Wait

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

We will look at how Jehovah uses us to do seven things in our time.

12

The Opportunity to Prove That Jehovah Is Your Best Friend

“By this all men shall know that you are my disciples.”—JOHN 13:35.

DON’T think that when Jehovah led the Israelites through the Red Sea to the land of the Egyptians, you were standing there. Look at how your eyes would have been brightened! Also, think of how your eyes would have been brightened when Jesus healed the sick and healed the dead. Wouldn’t that have brightened your eyes? The miracles of which the Bible speaks are just a few of them. Anyone who is righteous and honest will look at the miracles, and will recognize that it is God and turn away. (Matt. 15:31) But those miracles do not exist today. What about today? Do the miracles endure? Yes, they endure. But what does it mean when we say food?

2 A miracle is something that is beyond man’s power or understanding. It is something that is in Jehovah’s power. In this section, we will look at five miracles that Jehovah is doing in his people today. These things can be called miracles, because only Jehovah can bring them about. In each case, we will look at how we can show that we are God’s “workmen.”—Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

WHEN IT'S TIME

3 More than 2,500 years ago, the prophet Isaiah prophesied that in our day God’s people would multiply. (Read Isaiah 60:22 and the following.) Does this prophecy have come true? In 1914, Jehovah’s servants were

1-2. (a) What are the different kinds of food described in the Bible? (b) What is food, and what can each of us become? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can we say that Jehovah’s people will be a “great nation”? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also footnote.)

From the beginning of 1914, Jehovah’s servants have feared and resisted the devil (See paragraph 3)

2026 Bɛboro 9,000,000

1914 Approximately 5,000

In 1914, the number of Jews in the world was about 5,000. But since that time, the “sixty,” that is, the few people, have grown to more than one million. There are now more than 130 nations, one in every 100 people. Today, the number of people who love and worship Jehovah worldwide is more than 240 nations. Yes, if you compare Jehovah’s servants to the number of Jews in the world, you know that Jesus is coming, but nothing indicates that the Bible’s prophecy is coming true. In other words, the “sixty” will become a “great nation.”

4 There will be rebellions, and you will go into them, but do not be afraid of them. But we will not be afraid of them. Furthermore, the commandment that God wants us to obey is not to be afraid of people. Instead, we should study the Bible, and obey Him. If there are too many of us, we should change our minds and be discerning in our faith. (1 Cor. 6:9-11)

4. Why is the growing number of Jehovah’s servants surprising?

Once we had done this, we would become adversaries, and we would not hesitate to call for them to join us in the true worship. At the same time, we would commit ourselves to Jehovah that, whether in water or in air, we would do his will, and then we would be baptized.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

(Matt. 16:24) This means that Jesus’ disciples must recognize that they could be persecuted or even killed because of their faith in Jesus. For example, Jesus told his followers to go “before governors and rulers,” and to plead their case. (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also said that the religious leaders who had the greatest power would oppress them and humiliate them. (John 18:36, 37; 19:11, 12; 20:17, 18; 21:13, 14; 22:13, 14; 23:13, 14; 24:13, 14; 25:13, 14; 26:13, 14; 27:13, 14; 28:13, 14; 29:13, 14; 30:13, 14; 31:13, 14; 32:13, 14; 33:13, 14; 34:13, 14; 35:13, 14; 36:13, 14; 37:13, 14; 38:13, 14; 39:13, 14; 40:13, 14; 41:13, 14; 42:13, 14; 43:13, 14; 44:13, 14; 45:13, 14; 46:13, 14; 47:13, 14; 48:13, 14; 49:13, 1 16:2) Then again Jesus said that there

5. What did Jesus command his disciples to do?

OCTOBER 2026 13

They’re Respected, But Their Doubtfulness Suffers

As The Land Before Time went on, people were angry with Jehovah’s Witnesses. But, as the tale goes, the Witnesses grew and grew. As one elder said: “As I watched the Witnesses grow, they grew.”

As the wall stood, consider what happened in the Netherlands. A 1986 Yearbook warned: “Although the majority of the Kingdom Workers were imprisoned, deported, and killed by the Nazis, within two years the number had doubled. In 1943, the number was 1,379...

Nevertheless, the true religion is family unity.—Matt. 10:34-36.

6 Jesus’ words came true; the Christians in the time of the apostles faced a great uprising. After Jesus ascended to heaven, soon after, the Jewish religious leaders tried to stop the disciples from preaching the gospel. They arrested the apostles and brought them before the Jewish Council, called the Sanhedrin. The religious leaders wanted to ‘kill the apostles,’ but a Pharisee named Gamaliel warned them: “Take care of these men. Rather, keep them. For if this doctrine or work is of men, it is false. But if it is of God, you will not be able to destroy it. (Acts 5:33, 34, 38, 39) As for Gamaliel, it may have seemed to him that he was speaking to himself, but he was speaking the truth. Even when the apostles were arrested, the false preachers went on ignoring them. But these faithful disciples resisted; they went on preaching the gospel, and many people became disciples of Jesus. (Acts 6:7) How could this be done? God was with them, so that although he raised many who met him, their spirits went on falling away.—Acts 1:8.

7 Today, many faithful people remain faithful even when their relatives, colleagues, and friends turn against them or try to harass them. Why are these faithful disciples concerned about ‘being cast into prison’? (Matt. 16:24) They do so because they love Jehovah, and they keep his promise that he will look after them. That is why Jehovah gives them “a strength greater than that of men” to overcome the difficulties they face. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) If they are rejected by their relatives because of their faith, they feel like the thief. He says: “Even if my father and my mother had hated me, Jehovah would have hated me.” (Prov. 27:10) The suffering people went through before becoming disciples of Jesus was not a small thing. But after all, only a few people came to the truth.

6. Why did the church but not the early Christians take up the evangelism?

7. In what way are the disciples of Jesus today deficient compared to the early Christians? (See also the article entitled, “They Reject Them, But Reject Their Trouble.”)

14 AWON-ABAN

8 As Jehovah and Jesus are bringing people into the congregation, what we can do to help is to do our part in the preaching work. Jehovah and Jesus are with us in this work, because Jesus reminded us: “I am with you all the days of my life, even to the end of the age.” (Matt. 28:20) At the same time, the heavenly host helps us to do the preaching work.—Rev. 14:6, 7.

BAAKOYƐ A ƐYƐ NWANWA

9 The prophet Micah foretold that there would be seven wonders in our time. One of them is the unity of God’s people. He spoke of the women and men whom Jehovah would help to worship him as one. (Read Micah 2:12.) Today, the people of God’s congregation, with their different backgrounds and ways of life, are all one. This testifies to the fulfillment of Micah’s prophecy. The Psalmist David knew what he meant when he said: “How good and pleasant it is for brothers to live together!”—Dt. 133:1.

10 There are many things that testify that we are one. For example, although we are scattered, we all attend the same meetings, meals, and feasts. The elders who work in Bethel, as well as the elders who work in churches all over the world, share the same origin and language. We know each other very well, so that whether someone is home or away, whether he is sick or well, or what is going on in his household, we do not know anything about each other. In fact, because we are a large family, wherever we go, we have brothers and sisters who are committed to providing us with everything we need. They also encourage us to continue serving Jehovah. There are many people who go to different places and speak different languages, but they serve Jehovah as one.

11 The discord between us is a miracle, because the world is corrupt. If you go to the world, you will find nothing but chaos and turmoil. If you look around, you will see that the world is filled with evil, strife, hatred, envy, violence, greed, and evil. Therefore, everything indicates that the world is corrupt. The Bible also says that at some point in time, people will “be violent, rebellious, corrupt, uncontrollable, arrogant, spiteful, spiteful, insolent, and self-willed.” (2 Tim. 3:2-4) Yes, “all things are in the power of the evil one,” and he and his evil angels will fight against us forever, but they will not be able to divide us; let us go on rejoicing and worshipping Jehovah. (1 John 5:19; Acts 12:9) And that is wonderful!

12 What can we do to prevent infidelity in Jehovah’s congregation? We can do so by obeying Jehovah’s commands. What Jesus teaches in the Bible helps us to receive forgiveness and to forgive our brothers and sisters. In addition, let us be gentle in our words and tender in our responses. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) Whenever we blame ourselves or our brothers and sisters, we will try to correct or pardon them, or to forgive them, and we will help to build unity in Jehovah’s congregation.

8. What can we do to help Jehovah’s work of bringing people into the congregation?

9-10. What does it mean that the prophecy of Micah 2:12 is fulfilled today?

11. Why can we say that the distance between us is a curse?

12. How can we help to maintain unity in Jehovah’s church?

OCTOBER 2026 15

Jehovah’s servants love themselves, and they love their neighbors

(See paragraph 14.)

then, let us allow Jehovah to use us to do good in the church.

ANWANWADƆ

13 Jesus said that if his disciples loved one another, all people would know that they were his disciples. (Read John 13:35.) Today’s Christians demonstrate that they love one another by doing many things. (Acts 2:44, 45) They prayed for their brothers when people resented them. (Acts 12:5) They helped the poor and the needy. (James 1:27) And, although they kept graves, when their brothers went into the desert, they brought them bread. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) The Greek theologian Tertullian, who lived after the death of the apostles, said of early Christians: “See how they loved themselves, and how they were willing to die for themselves.”

14 Just as the ancient Christians loved one another, so do the people of God today. Even to those who do not worship Jehovah, we spread our love to them, and therefore we preach the gospel to them. Let us do our best in the work of preaching; let no one compel us, and let no one hurt us. Because of the love we have for our brothers, if they are weary, we pour water on them to help them.* Not only that, but we also comfort ourselves, and set ourselves up with strength so that we may continue to worship Jehovah with joy. By doing so, we are putting into practice the words of the Apostle Paul: “Comfort the weak; comfort the meek; be kind to all people.” (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has made us part of a great family; a family whose members care deeply for each other and love their neighbors.

15 The love in the servants of God is amazing, because mathematics has taken over the world. The Apostle Paul said that in these last days, “they will become mathematicians, they will become scientists,” and “they will love God, but they will desire joy.” Even their relatives, “will be afraid” of them, and will be afraid of them.

13. What did early Christians do to show that they loved themselves? (John 13:35)

14. What do God’s people do to show that they have love? (See also chapter.)

* For an example, see the article on jw.org entitled, “Crisis Preparedness for 2022—‘What It Means We’re Prepared.’”

15. Why is it surprising that we love ourselves?

16 OWAN-ABAN

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus went on to say that people would be self-righteous and self-centered. He also said that “the doves will be the doves.” (Matt. 24:10, 12) If you look at what is happening in the world today, do you see that what Paul and Jesus said is true? In all, Jehovah’s servants, however, continue to be self-centered, because Jehovah puts his power at their disposal. Isn’t that amazing? It’s amazing!

16 When we show compassion for others and strive to live in peace with them, we demonstrate that we have love. (Mark 9:50) When we demonstrate love in our words and deeds, we demonstrate that we are God’s servants. When we demonstrate love, we demonstrate above all that we have allowed Jehovah to use us to do good in his people.

HOKWAN A WOANYA NO, NTOTO NO ASE

17 The way we grow together, the unity we have, and the way we love one another, is a testimony that Jehovah is working wonders in our day. Although we are divided and disappointed, we are growing together. We are divided in the world, but we are one. Although love is fading in the world, we love God and love one another. This shows that we are true followers of Christ. (John 13:34) We are not standing on the sidelines, but “workers of God” working wonders through us.—1 Cor. 3:9.

18 There is sorrow in the world, but God's people are growing together as one, and we love one another. It is amazing. The miracles that Jehovah is doing give us great assurance that what He has promised to do for us in the future will happen by any means. (2 Pet. 3:13) So, while we have the opportunity to see God doing miracles through us in our time, let us not criticize Him!

16. What can we do to show that we love ourselves?

17. How do you know that Jehovah is doing miracles in our day?

18. What should we do because of the wonderful things Jehovah is doing?

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ What can we do to help Jehovah’s work of bringing people into His kingdom?

■ How can we contribute to Jehovah’s efforts to keep His people united?

■ How can we help Jehovah’s efforts to preserve love in His kingdom?

DWOM 154

Kwere Do

DECEMBER 21-27, 2026

DWOM 135

Jehovah Commands Him: “My Father, Be an Investigator”

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

When parents show their children that they love Jehovah’s people, it helps them to remain faithful to Jehovah.

Baanu Sõ a, Emmia

“One can rule over one, but two, how can they rule over one?”—OSEAS 4:12.

If you are a Christian, you should know that there are many things that God wants you to know about Him. One of the things that God wants you to know about Him is that He loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If you are a Christian, you should know that God loves you. If there are, they think they don’t need anyone, so they don’t have friends. What about Jehovah and Jesus? Do you want to have friends?

2 Jehovah wants us to have friends who help us worship him. When his Father, Jesus, was on earth, he had such friends. Shortly before his death, he said to his faithful apostles: “You will be with me in my anguish.” (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) However, he is not only there for you when things are going bad, but also in “the time of trouble.” (Proverbs 17:17) Proverbs 4:9-12* shows that a good friend comforts one’s friend. (Read.) He also encourages one’s friend to do good. If you have good friends, they will help you when you are forced to do something Jehovah doesn’t want you to do.

*Although this discussion usually refers to marriage, it is broadly related to the relationship between human beings.

1. What is the world about us?

2. (a) What kind of people did Jesus call intercessors? (b) In light of Ecclesiastes 4:9-12, how does intercession benefit us?

18

Keep standing on Jehovah’s side. When you and your friends do things together in the service of Jehovah, they can help you do something you never thought you could do. And it can help your marriage last forever.

3 How can good friends help children to serve Jehovah truly? And how can parents and elders help their children to have good friends? Let’s consider some of the things that happened to the prophet Daniel. Let’s see how he knew that Jehovah was truthful when he was faced with a difficult situation. Let’s also see what Jehovah did to encourage Daniel when he was alone.

YOU DON’T HAVE TO DIE TO SERVICE JEHOVAH

4 When Daniel was in office, things were going downhill in his homeland of Judah, because the Jews had turned their worship of Jehovah toward their own desires. Therefore, Jehovah was complacent toward them. Eventually, about 620 years before Jesus came, Jehovah and Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, came against Judah. (Dan. 1:2) At that time, it seems that Daniel was an adolescent. Soon after, he was put in prison, and brought to the city of Babylon to be educated. (Dan. 1:3-6) The place where he was placed was now a ruin, and there was no trace of him.

5 When Daniel was in Babylon, what helped him to make that decision? The Bible also says that “Daniel put it in his heart” to obey God’s laws. (Dan. 1:8) When he was a child, someone helped him to look at Jehovah’s laws and helped him to make the decision to serve Jehovah. Did his parents help him? It could be. For Daniel’s name means, “God Is My Savior.” His parents named him Daniel because they wanted him to serve Jehovah wholeheartedly and obey his commands.—Deut. 6:6, 7.

6 It seems that the example of the prophet Jeremiah also encouraged Daniel to worship Jehovah. Why? Consider this: About 647 years before Jesus’ coming, Jehovah chose Jeremiah as his servant, and he began his work before Daniel was born. (Jer. 1:2) Those to whom Jeremiah was speaking were mostly from the family of Adehye, and there were also divisions in the nation; it seems that Daniel’s family was one of them. (Jer. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) We cannot overstate the fact that Jeremiah and Daniel were friends. (Jer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) Jeremiah’s perseverance in doing his work, despite the fact that the people around him were undermining the worship of Jehovah, may have caused Daniel to be reluctant.

7 In fact, Daniel’s parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah strongly encouraged Daniel to serve Jehovah. They seem to have encouraged him to marry Jehovah’s youngest daughter.

8 Parents today can also help their children learn to love Jehovah. If you are a parent, ask yourself: ‘Will I help my children to do the same when their peers learn to love me?’

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

4. When Daniel was a boy, what troubles did he encounter?

5-6. Who seems to have helped Daniel make the decision to serve Jehovah?

7-8. How can parents and elders help their children to worship Jehovah truly?

OCTOBER 2026 19

Do you tell them what to do when their parents tell them to do something they shouldn’t? And if they do something they shouldn’t, do you teach them that they should do it right away? And do you teach them that they should stand on Jehovah’s side in times of great need?’ Parents, encourage your children to grow in their love for God and in their faith in him. What can you do? You can talk about things related to God’s service. Also, encourage your children to attend devotional classes. When it comes to the preaching work, it is up to you and your children. When young women and children and those who are good examples like Jeremiah provide, their faith in Jehovah is greater, and they are truthful to him.

YOU SHOULD ASK GOD FOR HELP AND HE WILL HELP YOU.

9 And when they had separated Daniel and the two Hebrew maidens, they went into the palace, and the servants that were with them met them. And when they were come in, the Babylonians commanded them that they should tell their fathers and their mothers. And they kept them, that they might worship in the palace. But the instruction that was given them was not worthy of their faith.

10 The first time they met, perhaps someone would say that it was no trouble. The king said that Daniel and his companion should also take some of the salt. One of the salts was the salt forbidden by the Law of Moses. (Dan. 1:5, 8) If the companion only, they would have said that they were nobles, so they could not do whatever they wanted, and they would have violated even the law of God to the salt. Or else, they could have thought that they did not want to do anything for the king's drink or his mouth. What did they do?

11 Of the Hebrew young men whom the king had ordered to serve him, only four remained faithful to Jehovah. They were Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. These four young men reformed themselves so that they could not be offended and remained faithful to Jehovah. They submitted themselves to the king and showed that they were Jehovah’s servants. Jehovah blessed them for what they did.—Dan. 1:6-12, 17.

12 If you are a young man or a young woman, are you being told that you are something you don’t think you are? Daniel and his friends helped themselves, so they were able to make good decisions. So, those who are determined to be faithful to Jehovah, and to be separated from the world, should choose their friends. (1 John 2:15-17) Good friends can help you to be faithful to Jehovah even in small things, and to have Jehovah bless you. (Luke 16:10) If you are faithful to Jehovah in small things, it will help you to be faithful if you don’t always look at the big picture.

"If you don't know what you're doing, you don't know what you're doing."

13 When we are in distress, or in pain, or in trouble, a good friend helps us to overcome it. Let us consider the distress that Daniel and his friend faced when they stood before King Nebuchadnezzar.

9. What happened to Daniel and the two Hebrew princesses in Babylon?

10. What were the first tribulations faced by the Jewish believers?

11. How did Daniel and his companions help themselves? (See also next chapter.)

12. What can parents and children do to help them cope with bullying?

13. What kind of difficulties did Daniel and his friends face?

20 AWON-ABAN

Then the king sent for all the wise men, the magicians, and the astrologers of Babylon. If the king had told them the dream, and they had interpreted it, they would not have done so. Instead, he told them not to tell him the dream, and not to tell it to him again. Now, what could he do? (Dan. 2:3, 9-11) The king said to them that if they could not interpret the dream and explain it, then no one would kill the wise man; he would kill them all. In that case, Daniel and his companion would also die, because they had spoken about the wise man of Babylon. In all this trouble, what did Daniel and his six friends do?

14 Daniel went to the king and begged him to give him a little time so that he might come and make known the interpretation to the king. Then Daniel told his companion what had happened to him. The Bible says: “The king commanded them to pray to the God of heaven for mercy in this matter, so that they might not bring Daniel and his companion before the wise men of Babylon.” (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah saw their compassion and heard their prayer, so that he made known the interpretation to Daniel. Therefore, Daniel and his companion were put in prison, and the king honored them with their sole service in Babylon.—Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

15 There are many lessons to be learned from this story. First, when you are in trouble, you can ask for help. Don’t be afraid or hesitant. Second, be prepared to let someone else pray for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Also, Jehovah can surprise you with the answers he gives to your prayers. Jehovah is “the God of prayer,” and he will help us to overcome even the toughest of difficulties. (Prov. 65:2; Eph. 3:20) When we have friends who worship Jehovah, they can help us to overcome difficulties and troubles. —Read Galatians 6:2.

THE NATURE OF THE SERVICES AND THE OBJECTIVES OF THE SERVICES OF THE THEBES

16 If we go into trouble, and it speaks to us, and it troubles us, and it is not in the sight of any man, Jehovah is

14. What did Daniel and his companions do to help themselves? (See also the chapter.)

15. What does Jesus learn from the story of Daniel and his friend? (Galatians 6:2)

16. When Daniel began to pray, what difficulties did he encounter?

When Daniel faced a difficult time, how did his friend help him to cope? (See paragraph 14.)

Is it true that God’s friends are infinite? (See paragraph 18.)

When Daniel was about 90 years old, the Medes and Persians invaded Babylon, and King Darius was imprisoned in Babylon. Some of the people in the palace, even during Daniel’s time there, tried to kill him. They persuaded the king to make a decree that if anyone asked the king for any help in any matter, that is, the law. Daniel, however, was permitted by the decree to go and pray to the Lord, so they sent him back to his own palace. However, there was no man who could help him, so he was left alone. But is it really just him?—Dan. 6:4-16.

17 In Daniel chapter 6, verses 19-23, we read about the time when Jehovah called Daniel back. (Read.) When the king’s servants took him out of the dungeon, Jehovah was pleased with his angel and sent him back. As soon as the king went to the dungeon, Daniel said to him: “My God has looked after his angel and has brought him back from the dungeon,... because I have not done wrong in his sight.” Indeed, Jehovah is showing that he has great power, and he is the greatest of all men! (Dan. 6:22) Daniel had great faith in Jehovah, so when his life was at stake, Jehovah called him back.

18 For us, too, there may be times when we find ourselves in difficulty in our own community or with our friends. Perhaps we are assigned a church office, or we need to go somewhere far away. Perhaps we are afflicted with an illness, or we are imprisoned because of our faith. In such situations, it is important to remember that, because we are Jehovah’s friends, He does not look away from us. He commands us that, wherever we go, He will watch over us. (Deuteronomy 139:7-10) So have faith that Jehovah sees you and will help you in whatever difficulty you may find yourself in.

NNAMFO A ENNE WƆN NTAM RENTETE DA

19 Dear friends, it is very important for us to be gentle. Why? Because the Bible tells us that at the end of time, people will not be kind to us. It helps us to make good decisions, and

17. According to Daniel 6:19-23, how did the child-like relationship between Jehovah and Daniel help Daniel?

18. Why is it important to use Jehovah as an example, and how can we do so? (See also the chapter and section entitled “Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Model.”)

19. Why is this the time to make friends? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 AWON-ABAN

They encourage us. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:11.) The apostle Peter said that we should love ourselves earnestly because “the end of all things is at hand.”—1 Pet. 4:7, 8.

20 Good friends are a gift from Jehovah, and at this time we need them more than ever. So follow Daniel and make friends. People around you like Jeremiah who can encourage you, and give you advice, should be your friends. Your friends should be those who help you to be faithful to Jehovah. If you encounter a trouble, don’t be afraid to ask for a forgiveness and pray for you. But say, “Jehovah is not a weak man; he will not turn away from you.” (Heb. 13:5) Jehovah will help us to overcome every difficulty we encounter, and he will strengthen us and make us have friends with whom we can stand together.

20. If we want a good friend, what should we look for, and if we get one, what benefits will we get?

Anim: Daniel and his friends helped themselves to overcome their fears, and they continued to be faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Man

If it’s hard for you to recognize Jehovah as a Father to whom you can submit yourself, what can you do? Then focus on the following things that you can do every day to fully submit yourself to Jehovah.

• You are Jehovah’s voice: Jehovah wants you to speak your heart to Him, so pray to Him.

• Let Jehovah Speak to You: Study the Bible. It will help you understand how He is, and how He has helped His servants in the past.

• Take refuge: For example, if you can rescue someone, and you become their refuge, it is not a matter of chance. You can be sure that Jehovah wants to take your life.

For more information, see the book Questions Young People Ask—Answers That Work, Volume 2, page 35.

YOU DON'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE...

■ When do we encounter difficulties?

■When do we need help and advice?

■When should we do it?

DWOM 161

Mede Anigye Na Ɛyɛ W’apɛde

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

DWOM 162 N’Asɛm No Bɛyɛ M’aduane

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

The reason why it is important to be faithful to each word, and the means by which we will do so.

What to Search for in the Bible

“They were attentive to the word, searching the Scriptures every day.”—ACTS 17:11.

In 1905, Jehovah’s Witnesses printed a magazine called The Lord’s Watch Tower. It was printed in many countries. It was based on the Bible and the Zion’s Watch Tower. The brothers and sisters read the Bible and its teachings every day. Jehovah’s Witnesses used the same magazine until 1927, when they changed its contents. From that time on, they used the Year Book.* It helped the brothers and sisters to learn more about the Bible and the teachings of the Watchtower.

² In 1986, the congregation published a comprehensive overview of the Scriptures and their teachings in a book titled The Bible Answers Every Question. The book is now available in more than 300 languages. It is also available on the JW Library® mobile app, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY™ (jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

³ Because of our traditions, some of us may find it difficult to keep a daily prayer. So, let’s consider these five questions. First, what Bible examples can encourage us to keep a daily prayer? Second, how does it help us to keep a daily prayer? Or, what principles can help us to keep a good daily prayer?

* In each issue of the Year Book, they included a biblical reference to the subject, and indicated where the biblical reference could be found.

1-2. (a) What mistake did Jehovah’s congregation make that caused the brothers to face a problem they couldn’t cope with every day? (b) Now, how can we keep up the good news?

3. What can strengthen our commitment to study the Bible daily, and what questions will we consider in this lesson?

24

HOW THE BIBLE WORKS

4 The Law on which this lesson is based shows us what some Macedonian Jews from Beroea did when the apostle Paul taught them. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Beroeans were willing to listen to the apostle Paul, and they were compelled to obey whatever he said. Therefore, the Bible describes them as being “perplexed” and “giving all their minds to the word.” What Paul taught them, they applied to what the Law says, and they knew it to be true. When we listen to a lecture in a lesson or in a meeting, that is what we do. When the teacher reads the Bible, we watch our backs. This proves that what the researcher believes is true.

17:12) But the persecution did not subside. Jews from Thessalonica went to Beroea and heard about Paul’s persecution, and they stirred up the people against the converts. (Acts 17:13) But this did not help them. Because they were not seeking the law, they were convinced that they knew the truth. This, however, did not weaken their faith. Likewise, if we seek the law, it will help us to overcome every difficulty we encounter.

WHY SHOULD WE CELEBRATE THIS DAY?

6 Every day we say to Jehovah that we love him and that we care about his service. Jehovah is our God, so it is very important that we serve him.

Bible Examples Show How We Can Serve in Jehovah’s Temple

• The Law of Moses required Jehovah’s people to offer daily sacrifices.—Ex. 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the book of the Law and meditate on it “night and day.”—Josh. 1:8, note.

• Jehovah told the kings of Israel to study the Law of Moses carefully, and to read it daily.—Deuteronomy 17:18-20.

• The scribe urges us to read God’s law and meditate on it “day and night.”—Deuteronomy 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed every morning.—Dan. 6:10.

• The book of Revelation says that a large number of people worship God “day and night.”—Rev. 7:15.

He loves us and wants us to have eternal life. (John 3:16) A number of Bible examples show that when we worship Jehovah, it refreshes his heart. Many elders find that praying before going to work gives them time to pray, read the Bible, and meditate.

7 We are in every word, that is, we use our time wisely. (See Ephesians 5:

4. When the Apostle Paul taught the Beroeans, what did they do? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did the doctrine that the Beroeans sought every day help them?

6. Why should we obey every word? (See the section entitled, “Bible Examples That Show What It Means to Worship Jehovah’s Temple.”)

7-8. Why should we pray every day? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

OCTOBER 2026 25

15, 16) Instead, we should take time every day to learn about Jehovah and seek his guidance.

8 Daily prayer helps us to cope with our daily struggles. Jesus said, “Every day has its sorrow.” (Matt. 6:34) That’s true; every day is full of sorrow. But at the same time, Jesus reassured us that whatever our struggles may be, Jehovah is aware of them and knows what we need. (Matt. 6:25-32) Daily prayer helps us to focus not on our struggles but on the help Jehovah offers us. (Deut. 68:19; 1 Pet. He prayed to Jehovah that he would forgive him. Then he looked at the word of the day, Psalm 86:5. It says: “O Jehovah, you are quick to forgive sin, and merciful to all who call on you.” He said: “At that time my heart was refreshed, and it came to my mind that Jehovah would comfort me. What happened encouraged me greatly; but I said to myself, I must keep the word every day.”

(Prov. 3:5, 6) Consider what happened in Ukraine. During the Russian-Ukrainian war, Isaiah 30:15 said: “If you put your trust in me and turn to me, you will be strengthened.” These words encouraged the brothers in Ukraine. For example, a man named Eduard said: “That day, my wife and I sat down early in the morning and prayed. As we prayed, we felt that we had some heavenly strength to overcome the difficulties we were facing.” A sister named Svetlana said: “The words of Isaiah 30:15 were exactly what we needed. As the day went by, we kept talking about it.”

10 Patience helps us to be faithful to Jehovah every day. We need patience and we can show patience to our family and to those with whom we work. Moreover, if we can share Bible truth with others and be faithful to Jehovah when we face difficulties, we should have patience. When Jehovah called Joshua to lead his people Israel, he told him to be patient and to be steadfast. Jehovah also told him to read the book of the Law every day; that would help him to be patient. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) If we keep our word and read the Bible every day, we will not be discouraged, and our faith will continue to grow.

(1 Tim. 4:12, 15) If we are faithful in every way, we will have the opportunity to grow in our service to Jehovah. A person who cares about serving Jehovah tries to live in accordance with his way of thinking and does everything he can to obey his laws.—Rom. 8:5, 6.

12 That we may be prepared every day unto every office which shall be committed unto us in the Lord.

9. How did the truth help the brothers in Ukraine?

10. Why do we need patience, and how can we increase our patience? (Joshua 1:6-9) (See also footnote.)

11. How does being faithful to every word help us in serving Jehovah?

12. What opportunity do brothers who love Jehovah have, and what can they do to prepare for it?

26 OCTOBER

Reading the Bible every day helps us to stay focused (See paragraph 10)

We need brothers who can serve as ministers, and evangelists, and those who will work at Bethel, women who will serve in the congregation, and women who will go abroad. We need women who are willing and devoted to serve as ministers, elders, and stewards. The women Jehovah wants to lead the church must be faithful men on whom we can rely. Also, they must be people who can apply Bible principles. (Deut. 1:13-15) Practicing the word daily will help you to know how to apply Bible principles, and will prepare you for any role you may be given in the congregation.

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW

13 How can you do that? Every evening from David to David, every member of the Bethel family around the world met in prayer to study the Daily Word. And before you start studying the Daily Word, you can pray to Jehovah to help your children understand what you’re reading and how you’re going to do it. (James 1:5) Before you start studying the Daily Word, you might want to study the principles on which the Daily Word is based, and its teachings. If you do, ask yourself: ‘How will this Daily Word help me to strengthen my faith? If I encounter a difficulty during the day, how will the Bible help me to overcome it?’ If you and your family or friend enjoy studying the Bible, you can use the words of the Bible to encourage each other. (Rom. 1:12) Some do this: When they read the Bible, they begin with five or four words, so that they can recall them throughout the day.

14 If you are looking for other ways you can use the gospel, consider the following: (1) Elements of the gospel

13. How can you make the message real?

14-15. What else can you do to make the message truer, and how will it help you to do so?

OCTOBER 2024 27

How will it help you to keep your mind clear? (See paragraph 18.)

(1) If you haven’t already read the Daily Word, you can take a moment to read it. (2) Look for the quotation used in the Daily Word. (3) Where the quotation of the Daily Word is found, read the entire title. (4) For more information on the subject of the Daily Word, read the Jehovah’s Witnesses’ Research Paper. (5) If you haven’t already read the Daily Word, you can read a short section of it. If you’re using your phone or tablet and it’s not the Daily Word, you’ll see the quotation link at the end of the Daily Word. If you want to download the Daily Word for yourself, click here.*

15 An elderly brother named Mackenzie describes what helps him to speak the Word every day. “Even if it’s hard to speak about the Word, it helps me to please people,” he says. “I take time to read the facts and teachings on which the Word is based, and to reflect on them; then I speak the Word.”

16 When can you tell the truth? You can set aside time to help your family.

* The link to the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures is as follows: You will see the number of editions of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, and the number of pages and paragraphs in which the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures is quoted.

16. When can you be a true believer?

For example, some families study the Bible in the afternoon, or before they drive their children to school. To help them, they keep a copy of the Daily Study Bible on their desk, where they can see it all the time, so that they can be reassured. But everything is not possible, so if it is necessary, you can set aside time to help yourself.

17 Why should you choose the right time to preach? Because if you don’t choose the right time to preach, you’ll miss the day. John, a 16-year-old brother, says: “It’s easy, and it’s fun. So if you preach the day before you do anything else, you’ll have a better chance of doing the right thing.” Sierra is a 25-year-old sister. He says: “I try to start reading the Bible every morning before the day’s tasks take up too much of my time.” A 21-year-old brother named Rogelio says: “I put a reminder on my phone so that it reminds me to read the Bible every day.”

17-18. Why should you choose the right time to preach, and how will it help you to do so? (See also the chapter.)

28 OCTOBER

18 The plan to read the Daily Word every day is to stick to it as much as you can; don’t let anything get in the way. Isabelle, a 19-year-old sister, says: “Tell yourself that if you read the Daily Word, you’ll either leave your phone on, or you’ll do nothing on it. If you think you’re reading the Daily Word on your phone and it’s bothering you, do something else instead.” Olivia, a 19-year-old sister, says: “One of the best things you can do is to get someone to read the Daily Word with you; it can be an advocate or a friend. If there’s someone there who constantly reminds you to do the right thing, it won’t bother you.”

BOA MMERANTE AND HIS BROTHER WERE ON THE SHOW

19 Parents, if you promise your children that you and they will do the Word every day, you will tell them, and if they don’t, they will do it every day. Even if they think they know everything, because you do it every day, they will learn that they too will do it every day. For example, it’s like when you plant a seedling in the ground. If you water it every day, it can grow into a strong plant. Similarly, if your children learn a little about Jehovah every day, they will grow into people who have a strong faith in Jehovah.—Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

19. How does it help children if parents and children talk together every day? Teach in parables. (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20 Jesus said: “It is not by meat alone that a man shall abide, but by every word that comes from Jehovah.” (Matt.

Make Sure You Know Where You're Going

WHEN you study the Bible with Jehovah’s Witnesses, how do you know that you share “the same mind,” that is, the only way God wants us to serve him? (Eph. 4:4-6) Does the way Jehovah’s Witnesses love themselves cause you to be attached to them? Or is it their faithfulness and goodness? The reason why many people are attached to God’s servants is that God’s congregation shows love for them, and it makes them feel like they are greedy. If they feel that way, it is God’s way, because love and goodness distinguish true Christians.—John 13:35; 1 Pet. 2:12.

However, suppose your fellow Christian has done something to you that you don’t like or love, or has committed a serious sin that everyone is talking about. Maybe the sin is like what happened in the Corinthian church in the days of the Apostle Paul. What do you do? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you are given answers or words that challenge your faith, it shows that the foundation on which your faith is based is not strong. What can you do to avoid such things?

WHAT DO YOU WANT OR WANT TO DO?

Whatever you learn from the Bible, seeking evidence that it is true will strengthen your faith. Consider this.

At one time, Jesus told His followers that they must eat His flesh and drink His blood. When He said this, many of His disciples said, “This is blasphemous.”

Jesus’ words impressed many of them, and they followed him.—John 6:56-60, 66.

Then he asked his apostles: “Do you also want to go?” Peter answered: “Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life. We have acknowledged and known that you are the Messiah from God.”—John 6:67-69.

In Jesus’ words, why were Peter and the other apostles surprised? Their faith was firm, not vague. Peter said, “We have seen and we know that you are the Christ, the Son of God.” These faithful apostles knew what they believed and why they believed it. Jesus’ words and deeds were consistent with what they knew about the Law, and they knew that Jesus was the Messiah. Therefore, when some began to doubt Jesus, their faith was not shaken.

What can we learn from this? That is, what we know is much more important than we think. Why? Because our beliefs, if someone changes them, can be wrong. But the truths we learn from the Bible, such as God’s name, purpose, and redemption, nothing anyone says or does can change. So what the Bible teaches, if we hold it firmly, and we also hold that Jehovah is the guide of his knowledge, then we will not let anything anyone does take away our worship of Jehovah.

He loves us for the love that he has given to us. But if we do not love, we will not be saved.

30 OCTOBER

Even if God gives us a certainty, the truth of the Bible will not shake our faith. This will assure us that we are in the only true religion. Therefore, we do not want something certain that a few people will make us believe.

It will also help us to know that we belong to the only religion on which God has set His foot. This will show that our faith is firmly grounded. If we do, no matter what others may say or do, our faith will not be shaken.—Deuteronomy 16:8; see the slide entitled, “Keep on the Right Path.”

If you hear answers or words that challenge your beliefs, it means that the ground on which your beliefs are based is not strong.

Mfi Ɔkwan Pa No So Da

Put it in your pocket and take it anywhere you want to go. We know you'll enjoy it and it'll stay in your pocket.

If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school. If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school. If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school. If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school. If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school. If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school. If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school. If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school. If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school. If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school. If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school. If you’re going to the school where you’re going, you should go straight to the school.

It is our responsibility to be in God’s church. Sometimes, a Christian brother or sister will do something that will make us feel bad. Sometimes, someone who has offended us will do something that will make us feel bad. But that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t be in God’s church. We are in God’s church; it doesn’t exist anywhere else. The truth of the Bible is that if we care and if we know that God uses His knowledge to guide us, our faith will grow stronger, and we will be on the right path.

OWAN-ABAN

LET JEHOVAH’S ADVENTURE BE YOUR ADVENTURE

October 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 11 TWI

WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS ARTICLE?

1926—Mfe Ɔha a Atwam 2

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no December 7-13 6

Write Something About Yourself When You're Dead

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no December 14-20 12

The Opportunity to Show Jehovah That You Care

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no December 21-27 18

Baanu Sõ a, Emmia

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no December 28–January 3 24

What to Search for in the Bible

30 Days to Make Your Life Better

Don’t forget to donate. Jehovah’s Witnesses support the Bible teaching work around the world. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical references in this book are taken from the New World Translation, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

OSUAHU

Jehovah Helps Those in Need

Every Sunday morning, Emma worked in a hotel. She spent four hours on the job. When she had to leave for a national conference, she went to her boss to ask him to let her go. Not only did the boss refuse to let her go, but he told her that from that day on, if she wanted to work early, she would have to work only in the afternoon. He also told her that if she didn’t follow the new schedule, she would have to let him know. Emma decided to give up her job so that she could go to the conference, and to rely on Jehovah to look after her.

After the meeting, when Emma sent her letter of resignation, she went to the hotel manager. When the manager saw what had happened, he assured Emma that he and the manager had agreed to let the waitress do her job. But two weeks later, the hotel manager told Emma to resign. When Emma returned, he again met the hotel manager, and told him that the manager had agreed to let Emma resign. He immediately resigned Emma's job, and said that she would work five days a week. It is estimated that, if he had to work four hours a day, he would only be working four hours a day. It seems that this arrangement was much better than his father’s, because it allowed him to do his volunteer work and other duties in the service of Jehovah. How Jehovah took care of him was a surprise to him alone.

Visit the jw.org website in Twi, or scan the QR code below.

JW.ORG ®

w26.10-TW