SEPTEMBER 2026

A WOMAN WHO WAS GOD’S CHOICE TO BE HIS WIFE

DATE AND TIME: NOVEMBER 2-DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOVEMBER 2-8, 2026

LA 3

Jehovah Loves Us, and He Will Keep Us

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

We can’t be sure that Jehovah will protect our lives now and forever.

I Became a Witness to Jehovah When He Saved My Life

"He said: 'The Lord is my God.'"—LAW 91:9.

WE ARE at the end of the days, and it will be very cold, and some things will happen that will make the world very hot. Jehovah will put “his mind” into the hearts of the living beings so that they will give ‘their master’s meat to the hungry,’ and they will be called the Holy One.* (Rev. 17:17) Then the Holy One will unite all the living beings that he has sent and will destroy all evil. (Rev. 17:16) This will put an end to all evil. Then, what will happen?

38:14-16) What is the reason for this? It is because Satan is determined to destroy all the unbelievers and send them to hell. Then, what follows will be a much worse battle, called Armageddon. Jesus and the 144,000 and the angels will strengthen the people of God and destroy the devil. Satan’s kingdom will be destroyed, and the kingdom of God will be established.—Rev. 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

3 Should we be afraid that Jesus and those who follow him will be defeated by Satan at Armageddon? Why? Because Jehovah has decided to save us. He has written this in his Word, the Bible. The Lord says: “A thousand shall be before thee, and ten thousand shall be behind thee; but these sins shall not be forgiven.”

* See “The Years of Our Lives” published in the November 2025 Newsletter.

1-2. What things will he do so that they will go on to the next world?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

2

(Dt 91:7) Let us consider Dt 91, and answer the following questions: What kind of parenting has Jehovah appointed for His children? In what way does Jehovah provide for His children today? In what way will Jehovah provide for His children in the future? But before we consider these questions, let us first consider Dt 91.

APPLICATION OF FORM AND CONTENT REQUIREMENTS

4 The main theme of Psalm 91 is that Jehovah will protect those who obey him. We see this in verses 1 and 2. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Jehovah is the One Who Cares, so we can be confident that if we obey him, he will protect us. The words “cares” and “protects” in the Bible refer to the walls that were built to protect the children of their mothers. (Ruth 2:12; Psalm 17:8) They all protect those who are in their mothers’ care. In the same way, those who care for the elderly can rely on them for protection. In the next few verses of Psalm 91, the Psalmist uses examples of the elderly to help us understand that Jehovah can protect his people in times of trouble.—Psalm 91:3-13.

5 Sm 91:14-16 is a very encouraging statement. (Read) In these verses, the promise of salvation also speaks of how Jehovah will help us, but it is Jehovah Himself who is giving His servants salvation. In this verse, Jehovah promises to save His people because they love Him, have faith in Him, know His name, and pray to Him. Since Jehovah will be able to forgive, we cannot have faith in what He says, because He will not let this promise come true!—Numbers 23:19; Josh. 23:14.

6 May Jehovah use the words of Psalm 91 to encourage us to put our trust in him. (Rom. 15:4) Like the singer, we can say to Jehovah as a mother: “You are my help and my strength.” (Ps. 91:2) But what strength does Jehovah require of his children?

WHY DOES JEHOVAH WANT HIS PEOPLE TO LIVE UNTIL THE AGE OF 91?

7 At one time, we have shown in our writings that Psalm 91 refers to Jehovah’s command to nurture his children only. Indeed, we cannot be sure that Jehovah will give us all that we need so that our relationship with him will continue to be good. But is this mother only talking about the nurture that Jehovah will give her children? No. This mother must also be sure that Jehovah will nurture her children like a sheep so that they will not fall into his power. Therefore, Jehovah will not allow them to have joy in nurture if they live in the circumstances in which they are nurtured. Why can we say that Psalm 91 relates only to the way Jehovah will preserve us in the future?

8 Consider Jesus’ response to Satan when Satan called Psalm 91:11, 12 to mind. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.) Satan called Psalm 91:11, 12 to mind, and told Jesus that he was going to the garden of Gethsemane to go to hell.

4. In Deuteronomy 91:1, 2, what did Jehovah command Moses to do for his people?

5-6. (a) What promise does Jehovah make in Psalm 91:14-16? (b) Why can we be confident in this promise?

7. In the context of Law 91, what kind of relationship did Jehovah require His people to have?

8-9. How did Jesus illustrate the conflict between God and Satan, and what can we learn from it? (Matthew 4:5-7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 3

But Jesus answered him, “What do you mean?” Jesus said, “Satan, what you say is true! Now the father is telling us about the pity that Jehovah will have on him.” But Jesus answered him, “The Lord your God.” What can we learn from the example that Jesus gave him?

9 Jesus knew that in the past Jehovah used angels to guard his people so that they would not be offended. (2 Mac. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) But Jesus knew that he was doing something that required judgment, and asking Jehovah to guard him showed that he loved Jehovah. This means that Psalm 91 was invoked by Satan to mean that Jehovah would preserve Jesus’ body in the wilderness, but he used the mother in a way that would make Jesus belong to Jehovah.* The fact that Jesus surrendered himself to Satan lets us assume that Psalm 91 implies that Jehovah would preserve his people’s bodies in the wilderness, and in all wilderness, and that he would not allow them to have joy in the wilderness.

10 Jehovah’s promise in Psalm 91 encourages us to put our trust in him. Jehovah is committed to our salvation. Therefore, we have confidence and hope that he will save all who put their trust in him. Therefore, we should be prepared for what he will do to save the world. Now, let’s consider the ways in which Jehovah protects us today, and the ways in which he will protect us in the future.

* Later, we have said in our writings that Act 91 deals with the way Jehovah provides for our spiritual sustenance in order to strengthen our relationship with Him. We have also said that Satan called for this sustenance only in order for Jehovah to provide for our spiritual sustenance in the midst of our troubles. The Bulletin, December 1, 1974, p. 722.

10. What kind of mother do we have?

WHAT DOES JEHOVAH WANT HIS PEOPLE TO DO?

11 Today, Jehovah teaches us what we need to do to preserve our relationship with him. He knows that we are sinful, and he wants us to love what he loves and to have what he has. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) Therefore, he has given us some things that will help us to obey him and to continue to do his will. Let’s consider these things.

12 Jehovah’s Word, the Bible. Jehovah’s Word warns us against sexual immorality and tells us what we should do to avoid it. For example, consider what Jesus said in Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.) In this passage, Jesus describes a man who “looks after his wife with lust.” Jesus said that a man who does so “has a grudge against his wife in his heart.” What do we learn from this story?

13 If we watch over our desires, we will not have evil desires in our hearts, and if we have evil desires, even if we have the opportunity, we will not commit adultery. (James 1:14, 15) If we want to keep ourselves from evil desires, we should follow the example of Jesus. We should see our desires as cancer. If a person has cancer, he should have an operation to remove it. One Bible scholar says that the example of Jesus in chapter 29 is the way to go about removing cancer from ourselves. This means that we must watch out for the devil who seeks to deceive us. (Col. 3:5)

11. In what ways does Jehovah regulate the relationship between us and Him?

12-13. What can encourage us to obey God’s will? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4 BUSINESS

Walk Courageously With God

Jehovah provides his people with the things they need to maintain a good relationship with him (Paragraph 15)

By applying this article, we will strengthen our relationship with Jehovah.

(Luke 11:9-13) In what way does the Holy Spirit influence our lives? The Apostle Paul says: “Continue to follow the devil, and do nothing that is contrary to the will of God.” (Gal. 5:16) The study note on this verse says: “The one who follows the devil hopes that he will not seek the guidance of the Holy Spirit, but that he will allow the Holy Spirit to overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his thoughts and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his deeds and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his deeds and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his deeds and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his deeds and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his deeds and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his deeds and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his deeds and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his deeds and deeds. He hopes that the Holy Spirit will overwhelm his deeds and deeds.

11:11 For the LORD our God is a God of peace, and not of war; and he will not suffer the wicked to dwell in the land of his glory: 11:12 but he will give it to the wicked, and he will judge the wicked. 11:13 For the LORD our God is a God of peace, and not of war; and he will not suffer the wicked to dwell in the land of his glory: 11:14 but he will give it to the wicked, and he will judge the wicked. 11:15 For the LORD our God is a God of peace, and not of war; and he will not suffer the wicked to dwell in the land of his glory. 11:16 For the LORD our God is a God of peace, and not of war; and he will not suffer the wicked to dwell in the land of his glory. 11:17 For the LORD our God is a God of peace, and not of war.

15 He is the church. As Jehovah’s church, we have a special love for each other, so that it may comfort us and strengthen the bond that exists between us and Jehovah. For example, because of our imperfections, sometimes we may feel sorry for a sin we have committed, or for a loss we have suffered.

14. In what way does the Holy Spirit guide us?

15. In what ways does Jehovah’s Witnesses protect our privacy? (See also the pictures.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 5

(Matt. 4:3; 6:13) But Jehovah’s Church encourages us to have a positive attitude, and the things we learn remind us that Jehovah is speaking, and that we have a positive attitude toward him, and that we have the certainty that Jehovah will give us what we need. (Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Do you feel that something you read in our publications has touched you deeply? Maybe that makes you think, ‘This one is meant for me only.’ This means that Jehovah cares about his people and wants us to love the guidance we receive, so that we can preserve the bond that exists between us and him.

(Rev. 2:10; 6:9) But Jehovah’s servants will not allow that to happen. (Matt. 24:9; Rev. 12:9-12) But Jehovah would not allow that to happen! We can be sure that Jehovah will continue to send his angels to instruct his people, so that they will serve him and spread the good news.—Heb. 1:7, 14.

17 Jehovah has given us laws in the Bible, and by following those laws, we will be able to choose what is good for us. In this way, Jehovah is protecting his children.

16. (a) What happened to some of Jehovah’s servants, and why? (b) What will Jehovah do for his people?

17. Why should we expect that Jehovah will protect us from all things that may delight us today?

(Proverbs 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) Nevertheless, we know that Jehovah will not indulge us in all the things that would make us happy. Satan suggests that we serve Jehovah because he indulges us, and not because we are happy. Therefore, if Jehovah indulges us in all our needs, people will not believe Satan’s allegation. (Job 1:10, 11) But if we indulge ourselves and continue to be faithful to Jehovah, it makes Satan appear to be happy. It also makes people see that we serve Jehovah because we love him, and because he is the true God. (Rom. 9:22) It will be hard for Jehovah to forget what is coming, and for his servants to forget what is going to come. But before that time comes, Jehovah will continue to help us to overcome all the difficulties we will encounter, so that we will never forget the good relationship we have with him.—1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

WHAT WOULD JEHOVAH DO IF HE Knew What He Was Doing?

18 In the future, Jehovah will continue to preserve his people in righteousness. But what if he does not? If the spirits are united against us, Jehovah will provide a way to destroy all his people. (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) This will cause the war of Armageddon to take place. When Armageddon takes place, Jehovah will send Jesus Christ and his army to preserve his people and to destroy all those who oppose God. (Rev. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) In what way will Jehovah preserve his people at Armageddon?

19 It is necessary that we should receive the judgment which he shall execute upon the wicked in Armageddon-

18. In what way will Jehovah protect us in the future?

19-20. Why should we die if Jesus and His army defeat the wicked at Armageddon? (See also the audio at the end of the book.)

6 BUSINESS

When Jesus and His army defeat the enemy of God at Armageddon, the enemy of God will be destroyed....But at Armageddon, we cannot be certain that no man or demon will be able to defeat the enemy of God.

Why? Because Jehovah has given us the power to save ourselves. Therefore, we have confidence in him. We can be sure of the following: When Jesus and his holy army take control of God’s enemies at Armageddon, they will all perish. (Yer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) But while Armageddon is ongoing, we cannot be sure that no man or demon will be able to take control of God’s children. —Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

20 And as Armageddon cometh, the word which was spoken by the prophet shall be fulfilled in us, saying, It shall be better for thee with a thousand than with one thousand, and with ten thousand than with ten thousand; but with one thousand it shall be better with thee than with ten thousand. (Psalm 91:7-9) Only after Armageddon will Jehovah allow His servants to be deceived, and He will destroy their relationship with Him and their lives, and He will not allow them to rejoice. Because He said, “Jehovah is my Savior,” Jehovah said, “These sins shall not come upon you.” Therefore, it is necessary for us to fear what is to come. We cannot have confidence that Jehovah will preserve our lives and that we will obey Him.

THE END OF THE WAR Redemption promised: At Armageddon, Jehovah will protect our lives from destruction, and he will not allow us to give up hope.

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

In Leviticus 91, what kind of marriage did Jehovah require of his people?

In what ways does Jehovah provide for his people today?

In what way will Jehovah protect his people in the future?

LESSON 8 Jehovah Ji Wa Wesa He

NOVEMBER 9-15, 2026

LA 36 Wa Buɔ Wa Tsui He

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

How can we please Jehovah with our hearts?

How He Became "Tue Bumi Tsui"

“Your servant has a humble heart.”—1 MA 3:9.

Some people obey God’s laws because they are afraid of the judgment of others. Others obey God’s laws simply to please others. For example, in Jesus’ day, the Jewish leaders pretended to obey God’s laws, but in fact they ignored them. They wanted people to think that they were just fools. (Matt. 23:5) But we will do so in our own way. We obey Jehovah because we know that we obey his laws. (Isa. 48:17, 18) If we obey Jehovah for this reason, then it is a good thing to do. But we praise Jehovah for one more important reason.

(Matt. 22:37, 38) This love encourages us to love Jehovah “with all our heart.” (Rom. 6:17) Therefore, when we are being watched or watched over, or when we are unsure of what to do, we always love Jehovah. But because of our weaknesses, sometimes it may be difficult for us to love Jehovah. In this occasion, we will consider two biblical examples, and see what will help us to always be determined to love Jehovah. First, we will consider how Jehovah saved the Israelites from Egypt, and then we will consider the good example of Jehoshaphat, King of Judah.

WHY SHOULD THE PEOPLE OF ISRAEL SURRENDER TO JEHOVAH’S ORDERS?

3 Before the Lord saved the Israelites from the Egyptians, he brought the plague of the flood on the Egyptians. In order to prevent this plague from coming on the Israelites, the Lord used a very severe punishment.

1. Why do some people believe in the laws of physics?

2. What are the titles of the following works that we praise Jehovah for?

3. Why was it difficult for the Israelites to obey the command of Jehovah to take away their burnt offerings? (See also the video.)

8

The Israelites obeyed Jehovah, albeit at the expense of the Egyptians (Paragraph 3)

(Exodus 12:5, 7) Jehovah would be with them in every way that they would bring the mustard seed to him, and he would destroy the mustard seed and the corn from their hands. But the Israelites would not die, and they would not obey the family. Why? Because the Egyptians worshiped the mustard seed as their god, so, perhaps, the Israelites would think that if the Egyptians saw that they had the mustard seed, they would be very angry and would kill them. (Exodus 8:25-27) However, the Israelites considered it important to obey God, so they “did just as Jehovah had commanded.” (Exodus 12:28) This prompted Jehovah to repay them, and he cut off their wives.

4 The Israelites went through the flood of Egypt. Then, Jehovah led them astray to follow the Law of the Dead. But Jehovah gave them a clear direction. He told them to return and to live according to the Law of the Dead. In the human mind, it would be in this direction. For Pharaoh and his servants were in their power, and the Law of the Dead was in their power. There was no way they would go. However, the Israelites did not listen to what Jehovah said to Moses. (Exodus 14:1-4) But when the Egyptians were angry with them, the Israelites “killed” them badly, and they told Moses that he would send them to the dead so that they would die! (Exodus 14:5-11) Why were the Israelites so determined to obey God? And what did Jehovah see?

5 The Bible says that in the days of the Old Testament, the Israelites “rejoiced in [Jehovah’s] mighty works” in Egypt, and they “remembered” his loving kindness. (Read Psalm 106:7.) The Israelites saw how Jehovah cared for them, and how he saved their only sons and daughters from the flood. Yet, they held fast to the great love that Jehovah showed them, and they trusted that he would not see them again. Because Jehovah knew what was in their hearts, he said that they had ‘turned away from the Old Law.’ However, the Israelites obeyed Moses’ command to stay in the Old Law, but they turned away and died. So Jehovah forgave all their sins, and he allowed them to go to the Wilderness. (Psalm 106:21, 24-26) What can we learn from their story?

WHAT IS THE REASON FOR ISRAEL’S STATE OF EXISTENCE

6 The story of the Israelites teaches us that we need to be mindful of the ways in which we worship Jehovah.

4. What direction did Jehovah give to the Israelites when they left Egypt?

5. Why was Jehovah pleased with what the Israelites did at the Passover? (Psalm 106:7)

6. What should we do when we are truly confident in Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:4)

SEPTEMBER 2026

9

For example, we should ask ourselves, “Should I do something good in the sight of the LORD, so that I may praise him?” It may not have been because the Israelites were afraid of the life of their children that they did this, but because they loved the LORD. (Exodus 12:36) But when the Egyptians came to take them away, the Israelites also rebelled against Jehovah. (Exodus 14:10-12) While we may think that we should do as these Israelites did, we do want to keep our covenant with Jehovah and with those who obey him and follow his guidance. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) If we carefully listen to all of Jehovah’s directions, or if we fear that doing so will make some of them angry, we are hopeful that we will act on them. What will encourage us to devote our hearts to Jehovah, so that we will do our work like the Israelites?

7 Let your love for Jehovah grow. If Jehovah’s congregation gives us guidance that we don’t know how to follow, or if the guidance that we follow causes us to face difficulties, it may be a reason for us not to follow it. If so, we need to recognize that our love for Jehovah and our confidence in him are the main reasons why we worship him. (1 John 2:17) 5:3) Our devotion to Jehovah will help us to be steadfast, and we will be confident that it will not be long before we see the fruits of our devotion to Jehovah.—Phil. 7:8; Micah 7:7.

8 In our day, some God’s servants set a good example by obeying guidance even when they knew they would not be able to attend. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, they instructed their congregations to hold their meetings by videoconference. A congregation leader in Peru said: “I think that this instruction will help us in our time of need.” While he appreciated the instruction, he urged his brother to obey God and rely on him. (Proverbs 3:5, 6) What should I do? He said: “I feel Jehovah’s blessing on the changes we’ve made. Our congregation is growing, and the brothers and sisters are getting closer together. Consider a positive example. In 2020, the congregation made changes to improve the way the congregations and branches work together. When a brother in Japan learned that he was going to be removed from his branch, he said: “I want to respect the changes that are going to be made, and not criticize the directions. I know that this change will be beneficial.”

9 Rejoice in the Lord. This is a very important task in the direction of the ministry of the Kingdom. In every city, Jehovah’s servants take part in the work of the field. Nevertheless, we need you to help us preach the good news, because the message we preach is one of warning and warning people that God will destroy this evil world of Satan. We will continue to preach this message, but when the day of Armageddon comes, we will not be able to preach the good news.

7. In what ways will the love we have for Jehovah help us to obey him?

8. What can a husband and wife do to encourage their husbands and wives to obey Jehovah?

9. What will help us to continue to rely on Jehovah throughout our lives and in the future? (See also the video.)

10 BUSINESS

(Matt. 24:14) But in times of adversity, we should be careful with what we preach, and it will cause people to be deeply saddened, and it will make them doubt whether they will accept the Kingdom of God, or whether they will accept a false one. For those who believe in Jehovah, we should preach as a ‘severe sadness.’ * (Rev. 16:21) This will cause Jehovah and his people to be deeply saddened, just as Pharaoh’s people were saddened at the time of the Law of Moses. At the moment, we tend to be concerned about how others will perceive us, which means that we are preparing ourselves for the challenges we will face in the future.

GOD’S ORDERS TO JOSHAFATH

10 The Bible also mentions all those who believed in Jehovah. One of these men was King Jehoshaphat. When Jehoshaphat ruled in Judah, he built three cities to fight against the Jews. It seems that Jehoshaphat and the Jews were very prosperous. (2 Chr.

* See “The Years That Changed My Life,” in the August 2025 Bulletin.

10. What did King Jehoshaphat do when three armies invaded Judah?

20:1-3) But King Jehoshaphat didn’t let this calm him down, but rather, he became a prophet of the future. Let us see the way Jehoshaphat walked to worship the Lord, and to turn his heart to Him, and the way we should walk to follow his example.

19:3) Therefore, when these plagues came upon Judah, Jehoshaphat knew that he would love the LORD. Jehoshaphat pleaded with him to obey the LORD, and to obey whatever He said to him. Then Jehoshaphat prayed to the LORD, and begged Him to help him. 19:4) Then Jehoshaphat prayed to the LORD, and begged Him to help him. 19:5) Then Jehoshaphat prayed to the LORD, and begged Him to help him. 19:6) Then Jehoshaphat prayed to the LORD, and begged Him to help him. 19:7) Then Jehoshaphat prayed to the LORD, and begged Him to help him. 19:8) Then Jehoshaphat prayed to the LORD, and begged Him to help him. 19:9) Then Jehoshaphat prayed to the LORD, and begged Him to help him. 19:10) Then Jehoshaphat prayed to the LORD, and begged Him to help him. 19:11) Then Jehoshaphat prayed to the LORD, and begged Him to help him. 19:12) Then Jehoshaphat prayed to the LORD, and begged Him to help him. 19:13) Then Jehoshaphat prayed to the LORD, and begged Him to help him. 19:14) 19:15) 19:16) 19:17) 19:18) 19:19) 19:20) 19:21) 19:22) 19:23) 19:24) 19:25) 19:26) 19:27) 19:28) 19:20) 1 (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) If we are struggling, Jehoshaphat’s example will help us. So, let us pray that we will obey Jehovah, seek his guidance by studying the Bible, and trust that he will help us.—Psalm 119:112.

11. What did Jehoshaphat do in his lifetime? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

If we rely on Jehovah’s guidance now, we will be better prepared to deal with challenges in the future (Paragraph 9).

11

Church elders are expected to apply Jehovah’s guidance to the conduct of his congregation, and to be responsible to their fellow elders (Paragraph 16).

12 Continue to study the Bible. The things Jehoshaphat said in his prayer show that he knew what Jehovah had done in the past. He knew that Jehovah had fulfilled his promise to Abraham that he would bring the land he was in trouble to his vision of the Israelites. (Genesis 12:7) Jehoshaphat’s prayer in his prayer was like Solomon’s prayer when he prayed in the temple of Solomon. (2 Chr. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) Jehoshaphat’s knowledge of Jehovah encouraged him to put his trust in Jehovah, and he urged him to continue to obey him. Similarly, as we continue to learn about Jehovah and the things he says in the Bible, we will be encouraged to obey him even in the most difficult situations.—Matt. 13:52.

13 Be mindful. Let us also consider the prayer of Solomon and Jehoshaphat. Jehoshaphat was a king, and he also had a table, but he set his heart against the king and the table, but he set his heart against Jehovah. When he prayed against them, he was mindful and agreed that the Jews should obey God. (2 Chr. 20:12) Because the king was mindful, it seemed to him easy to accept God’s guidance. If we are mindful, it will help us to obey Jehovah with all our heart.—Phil. 2:5, 8.

14 Consider how faithfulness can help you deal with others. Jehovah answered Jehoshaphat’s prayer. He sent the prophet Yahaziel to tell the people that it would be too long for them to fight. Instead, he told them: “Take your time, take your time, and see how Jehovah will deal with you.” The Bible says that Jehoshaphat’s response “turned them away.” This caused the people to “turn away from Jehovah.” So when the Judahites went out to meet their enemies, Jehoshaphat encouraged them to “rely on Jehovah” and “on his servants.”—2 Chr. 20:14-20.

15 Jehoshaphat had made an oath to the Lord that he would keep it, and that he would give it to his sons. He also encouraged the people to put their trust in the Lord, and to obey him. When Jehoshaphat had “sent the people away,” he “sought men to sit at the tables” to serve the Lord. (2 Chr. 20:21) This shows how their oath to the Lord was kept. The Lord blessed them as follows:

12. What should motivate us to pray that we will obey Jehovah?

13. How should a parent behave with a child?

14. How did Jehoshaphat deal with the guidance of Jehovah?

15. What did Jehoshaphat do to show that he had a steadfast faith in Jehovah?

12 BUSINESS

And because they were eating and drinking in his presence, he caused their enemies to rebel against him, and they put themselves to death.—2 Chr. 20:22-24.

16 Elders of the Assemblies, parents, and elders who are responsible can learn from the good example of Jehoshaphat. Because of his sincere devotion to Jehovah, his sons were guided in the right direction. His behavior is similar to that of King Solomon. While Solomon served Jehovah faithfully, he prayed to Jehovah to give him a sincere heart. Solomon’s prayer indicates that he was concerned not only with himself, but also with his sons, and that he wanted to teach them as Jehovah wanted. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Jehoshaphat lived a responsible life by obeying God’s commands. (Proverbs 15:22) By giving a good example by speaking out and acting righteously, he encourages God’s children to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:23) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:24) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:25) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:26) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:27) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:28) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He encourages them to follow his example. (Proverbs 15:29) He Parents’ willingness to obey Jehovah’s guidance encourages their children to do the same.—Proverbs 1:8; 14:1.

17 We can be confident that if we put our trust in Jehovah and rely on him wholeheartedly, he will help us to overcome all the difficulties we face. As he did in the past, Jehovah continues to give us guidance through the elders of the congregation. Therefore, sometimes, when it seems to us that we need guidance, it is appropriate for us to lose heart. For Jehovah’s heart is more tender than ours. (Isa. 55:9) Therefore, let us be confident that we will always rely on Jehovah wholeheartedly.

16. What can judges, parents, and responsible elders learn from Jehoshaphat’s example? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also audio.)

17. Why should we obey Jehovah at all times?

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

What can we learn from the poor example of the Israelites during their time in Egypt?

What did Jehoshaphat do to demonstrate that he had a “heart of stone”?

What can we learn from the example of Jehoshaphat?

LA 88 Ha Nɛ Ma Le O Blɔ Ɔmɛ

NOVEMBER 16-22, 2026

LA 84 Ha Waa Ye Bua

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

We will see how Jehovah’s will makes the prophecy of Zechariah 8:23 come true today.

We Speak Out for Those Who Are in “The Way We Should Be”

“The spirits of all nations and the tongues of all peoples shall burn upon the heads of the Jews.”—ZECH. 8:23.

Throughout the Bible, we find that some people took advantage of the fact that Jehovah would not allow them to have a single language and go to the sea. But Jehovah wanted to do something like that, so he made their languages differ, and he gave them the power of different languages. Thus, those who spoke one language understood the place where the tower of Babel stood, and they spread over the whole earth. (Genesis 11:6-9) But in the book of Revelation, Jehovah tells us that he would make “a multitude of tongues... and they would unite all their powers and riches and people and languages” into one, and he would subdue them and cast them into the sea of fire. (Rev. 11:12) 7:9, 10, 14) But how can those who speak different languages enjoy their fellowship with Jehovah in the future? Let’s spread the good news to them in the language they are learning. (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) It’s a great opportunity for us to do so!

2 Just before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, Jehovah gave Zechariah a prophecy that “all the nations of the earth will be converted to Jehovah, and they will become his people.” (Zech. 2:11) Zechariah also predicted: “This is the word of the prophet of Jehovah:

1. Why is it important to preach the good news in all languages? (Romans 10:13, 14)

2. What did the prophet Zechariah prophesy?

14

“And it shall come to pass in those days, that newly baptized men of all nations and of all tongues shall come to one another, … and shall say, ‘Let us go with you, and let us know that God is with you.’” (Zech. 8:23) Indeed, this promise is true in our day. Therefore, we will find it necessary for each one of us to do his part in spreading the good news to those of all tongues.

JEHOVAH WILL PROTECT YOU AND KEEP YOU SAFE

3 The “Jews” to whom Zechariah refers in his prophecy refer to the Christians to whom God has sent the Holy Spirit. The Bible also calls them “the God of Israel.” (Gal. 6:16) They are the people who have “taken the decision of salvation,” meaning that they will receive Jesus as their King in heaven. (Heb. 3:1) The “new creation” refers to those who have made up their minds to live eternally in the paradise of heaven. These people belong to different races, and speak different languages.

4 In 1919, Jesus called for “a master and a servant,” and some of the chosen Christians formed a group. These men recognized the need to preach to people in all languages, and they translated our writings into different languages. (Matt. 24:45) But before 1919, God’s people were preaching the good news by means of videotapes of evil deeds committed by people. They translated these videotapes into different languages. True preachers found it necessary to do more than that. For example, they translated the Bible into different languages.

3. Why is the "Jew" referred to as a "baptized man"?

4. What happened after Jesus appointed the “true servant and teacher” in 1919?

The Harp of God, published in 1921, was translated into 36 languages. By 1935, the “true teacher and minister” would be called upon to serve as “the servants of God,” and he would preach to people of all nations and languages. Therefore, those who lived in the present age were eager to organize the preaching work so that they could preach worldwide so that the prophecy of Zechariah would come true.

“O WE BI OMMI MA NGƆ A HE SE HA FAA”

5 God will continue to spread the good news in the world, and, as Isaiah predicted, the people of the world who speak different languages will want to learn about Jehovah and serve him. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) To help these people come to know Jehovah God, God encourages them to teach, translate, and distribute the Bible in different languages. (Psalm 68:11; 110:3) Also, brothers and sisters are encouraged to use the jw.org website and JW Library in different languages. This makes it easier for people to study the Bible in their own language.

6 People of different races and languages have benefited greatly from the work of the faithful ministers. Their unwavering commitment and generosity has enabled us to produce Bible studies in more than 1,100 languages. As a result, every year tens of thousands of people study the Bible, convert to Jehovah, and are baptized.

5-6. How does Isaiah 2:2-4 apply to us today? (See also audio.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 15

People from all walks of life, speaking different languages, have great difficulty in grasping what the true father and teacher has set before them.

(Figures 5-6)

7 Although God does not use diversity of tongues, He does use diversity of people to preach the good news. The prophets also help them in this work. (Read Revelation 14:6.) When we see that some of the prophecies in Zechariah and Revelation are fulfilled, we feel that new prophecies will come true. Therefore, we are encouraged to pray that we will be faithful to Jehovah’s congregation, because we see that He is watching over His people to preach the good news throughout the world.

YHWH HAS KILLED HIS OWN PEOPLE

8 On the day of Pentecost in A.D. 33, Jehovah did something amazing. He gave Jesus’ followers in Jerusalem the power to speak in different languages. (Acts 2:4-10) Why did he give them the power to speak in different languages? He gave them the power to speak in “the flock of God” to refer to the different people who came to Jerusalem to worship him in the temple. Jehovah wants all these people to hear the good news in their own languages. (Acts 2:11) Today, according to our writings, we can communicate with people who speak different languages.

9 It is like a man who is going to heal a sick man, and he is very strong, and he goes to a place of healing. But the man does not understand the language of the doctor. Therefore, it will be necessary for him to find someone who will explain to him what the doctor is saying, so that he may understand the instructions given to him and apply them to his healing.

7. What do we learn when we consider the relevance of Revelation 14:6?

8. What amazing thing did Jehovah do on the day of Pentecost in A.D. 33?

9. In what way should we help those who use our language to learn the good news?

16 BUSINESS

When we speak in other languages, people will listen, and they will have the necessary information and hope for the future. Therefore, if we meet someone who speaks our language, we can use the Bible to help him or her find answers to his or her questions in his or her language. We can give him or her a book or a video in his or her language to teach him or her.

10 How can we use our publications and JW Library more effectively when serving people who speak different languages? Consider the example of Robert, a French-language translator. While he was serving in a French-speaking country, he met a man who worked in a Turkish-speaking country. The man spoke a good French, but refused to let Robert read the Truth Be Told! book in Turkish. Because Robert knew the words in the book well, he told the man to read certain verses in the book in Turkish. The man then asked Robert questions about what was happening in the world, and Robert used JW Library to answer his children’s questions about the Bible in Turkish. The woman told Robert: “It was amazing that you answered all my questions, even though you didn’t speak my language!” Robert said: “We talked a lot. As we talked, I could see that the man understood the Bible perfectly, and he said that it was a very difficult book.” It was a great opportunity for us to help people study the Bible in their language!

11 Giving people a copy of a publication or teaching them something on jw.org in their own language can help them learn.

10-11. What do you learn from Robert’s experiences, and from the lesson in his article, “Whoever Comes to a Peaceful Place Will Become Jehovah’s Witness”?

Lub Neej huas Siab Qab Ntut Tshiab Tsiab Tsiyeeb

A Man Who Lived in a Poor Household Learned About Jehovah

A woman named Youa has a dream for her life. So, she decides to leave her home and go to the United States. She speaks Hmong, but only Hmong. Also, her husband allows her to read a book, and the Bible allows her to read. Youa says, “I’m sad, but I’ll be happy.” One day, a Hmong-speaking brother gives Youa a copy of Living in a Changing World in Hmong. Youa learns from the Bible about what Jehovah has promised to do for us in the future. In fact, it was the only time in her life that she had heard such a message. The letter made her very happy, and it gave her hope that she would have a good life in the future. She carried the letter to her husband’s grave in a basket, and read it in silence. Later, one of her brothers studied the Bible in the evening, and one day, he took Youa to a meeting held in Hmong. Later, they arranged to study the Bible with Youa. The letter given to him in his own language helped him to learn about Jehovah and to serve him.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17

The truth. Therefore, if you meet someone who speaks a different language, make an effort to follow this path, and converse with him about the Bible in the language he speaks.

WE HAVE TO BE HAPPY TO BE GOD’S CHILDREN

12 Today, the Bible is being translated into many languages.* Some people are committed to translating the Bible into other languages because they want people to read the Bible in their own language. So, we can all read the Bible in our own language. The translation of the Bible into all languages helps Jehovah’s Witnesses to learn the truth of God’s Word and to unite. See what a congregation elder in Nepal says about the translation of the Bible into all languages. He said: “I feel that Jehovah is speaking to me when I read this Bible in my native language. It has strengthened my devotion to God, and it has given me strength in my ministry.” At present, the whole or part of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has been translated into more than 300 languages. This Bible, translated into different languages, is accurate, comprehensive, and teaches people the truth about Jehovah. As a result, Jehovah’s people are united in their ministry, and they speak one language with all of them. (1 Cor. 1:10) But at the same time, let’s look at some of the other reasons why the New World Translation is so important.

13 The name of God appears in all the Bibles that exist today. However, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures uses the name of God thousands of times. For more than 100 years, when people read all the Bibles, the name of God, Jehovah, appears in all of them. Every day, the name is found in the Hebrew Scriptures. But evangelists who call themselves Christians use the name of God, and teach us the name of God as well. For example, the Catholic evangelists use the name of God in their Bibles and in other texts that they produce.* Other evangelists use the name of God in their Bibles. But even when the Bible is translated into different languages, God’s name appears where it should. Why is that so important?

14 The Bible tells us why it is important for us to know God’s name and to use it. The Psalmist told God’s people to “call upon the name of Jehovah.” (Ps. 135:1) When Jesus taught his followers how to pray to Jehovah, he told them to pray: “Let your name be glorified.” Then, in prayer to his Father, he said: “I have made your name known.” (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) The apostle Paul also quoted the words of the prophet Yoel, saying: “Everyone who calls upon the name of Jehovah will be saved.” (Rom. 10:13) However, since all Bible interpreters use the name of God in the Bible, they all agree that it is important to know God’s name and to use it.

15 All Jehovah’s Witnesses read the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures in their native language. This translation helps them to learn the truth about Jehovah, and to live in harmony with him.

* About 2,200 years later, the original Hebrew Scriptures were translated into Greek. This translation, known as the Greek Septuagint, became the sole standard for the translation of the Bible.

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI instructed that anyone who uses the name of God, whether in prayer, worship, or worshipping, should be excommunicated. See also October 1, 1997 Bulletin p. 16-18, pp. 4-8.

12. How do we know that the Bible is the Word of God?

13. Why does God’s name appear in all Bibles today?

14. According to the Bible, why is it important to know and use God’s name?

15. How Does Reading the Bible Help Us?

18 HYƐƆMI MƆ

They love him with wholehearted love, and they cling to him. Therefore, they obey his name.—Proverbs 18:10; Isa. 56:6.

16 The Bible says that Jehovah will be praised by “all the nations of the earth.” (Rev. 16:14) Now, Jehovah will be praised by those who know his name, worship him, and give him thanks. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3; see the study note entitled “their coming to know you.”) But those who put their trust in Jehovah and are determined to obey him will know that he is the Open God and will be praised by him. Jehovah says: “I will give thanks and make my heart pure, and I will make them know me in the midst of the multitude of the earth; and they will know that I am Jehovah.” (Ez. 38:23) So, Jehovah will be pleased that we are God’s friends, not enemies!—Mal. 3:16.

16. Why is it so important that people come to know Jehovah now? (John 17:3)

17 It is a privilege for us to preach the good news to people in all the world as Zechariah 8:23 says! Therefore, it is a privilege for us to preach with our brothers, with the angels, in different languages. We rejoice that Jehovah has given us the things we need to preach to these people who are in hell, and who speak different languages. Therefore, let us use these gifts to help those who will serve our God who is meek and tenderhearted, and who loves all people. It is our responsibility to continue to preach the good news to all who are in hell until Jehovah has established his name over all evil.—Luke 11:2.

17. What rights do we have?

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

■ Why are the "Jews" the "baptized men" referred to in Zechariah 8:23?

■ What helps people who speak different languages to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why is it important for those who know Jehovah’s name to use it?

LA 57

Nyɛ Ha Waa Fiɛɛ Ha Nimli Tsuo

NOVEMBER 23-29, 2026

LA 107 Mawu Pee Suɔmi He Nɔ Hyɛmi Nɔ́

HOW WE ARE RELEASED We will see how the priesthood helps us to love Jehovah.

How the High Priests Respected Jehovah’s Law

“Every high priest who is sought after in the court of men is sought after in order that he may redeem men.”—HEBR. 5:1.

We all suffer, we know it, we hear it. Why? Because when Adam and Eve disobeyed God, all their offspring became sinners. Therefore, they could not obey God, or they could not love Him. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) In a way, sin in us makes it seem as if there is a great gulf between us and our God, and we could not resist this gulf in our hearts. If someone helps us, we can have great joy in this life, and we will have happiness in the future. Therefore, Jehovah wants to help all mankind. What does he do?

2 It is true that we are sinners, but Jehovah wants us to come to him. Therefore, he gave us priests. He gave the Israelites priests and high priests, and then he chose Jesus as the High Priest for the Christian church. Today, Jesus is the High Priest. In this occasion, we will consider how the high priest who took the office of priest helped those who lived in the past. Therefore, we will consider how our High Priest who is Jesus is helping us today, and how he will help us in the future with the 144,000 who also serve as priests. In the next chapter, we will see how the priesthood demonstrates Jehovah’s loving kindness toward us.

WHY THE BLOOD-TAKING PHILOSOPHY IS THE CLAIM AGAINST THE STATE OF ISRAEL

3 Faithfulness inspired the apostle Paul to explain why Jehovah gave the Israelites a high priest. —Read Hebrews 5:1.

1. Why do we all need food? 2. What will we focus on in this lesson? 3. In light of Hebrews 5:1, how can priests help those who want to serve Jehovah? (See also audio.)

20

Let there be no distance between us and Jehovah, but the priestly office is like a bridge through which we can come to Jehovah.

(Figure 3)

Jehovah wanted them to be faithful to him. The high priest was the one whom Jehovah sought to instruct the people to “do the work of God.” The high priest and the other priests encouraged those who wanted to serve Jehovah in truth to be faithful to him. They were like pillars on which the Israelites could stand to worship God.

4 In what way did the priests help the Israelites to be faithful to Jehovah, and to serve him in the right way? They helped them in a second important way. First, the priests lived in the temple of God, and they taught the people. Malachi 2:7 says: “The priest must be a man of understanding, and those who seek the law must listen to him, for he is the servant of the Lord.” Therefore, the priests’ duty was to teach the Israelites the Law of Moses, and to help them to understand and to practice it. For example, in the days of Nehemiah, 13 Levitical priests assisted the high priest Ezra in teaching the law to the people. They taught the law in a way that was appropriate to the people, and they helped the people to understand it. This helped the Israelites to apply God’s law in their lives, and it strengthened their trust in God.—Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 In other words, the priests were bringing people’s prayers to God. They did so through the sacrifices they offered to them. The Israelites knew that they were giving up their prayers all day long. Therefore, they needed food and fuel so that the Lord would bring their prayers to them. (Ps 51:9) Therefore, the Lord sought priests for them to bring their sacrifices to them. In fact, the Israelites who had changed their hearts and knew that the Lord had brought their prayers to them rejoiced greatly! The office of the ordained priest helps us to see that Jehovah truly loves his children, and that he cares for them, and wants them to have joy in life, and to live forever.

PHILOSOPHY AND ITS APPLICATION TO THE BIBLE

6 In the days of old, when the LORD raised up priests for the children of Israel, the women who served him were those who offered sacrifices to him.

4. What was an important service that the priests of Israel were to perform?

5. How did the priests of Israel act in the presence of God, and what does this tell us about Jehovah?

6. Why did Jehovah call certain men priests when he sought priests for the Israelites?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

For example, when Noah died in the ark, he offered sacrifices to Jehovah. (Genesis 8:20) Abraham also sacrificed animals to offer sacrifices to Jehovah. (Genesis 12:7, 8) Job also offered sacrifices for his children. (Job 1:5) Thus we see why the Bible calls certain men priests before Jehovah chose the priests who were Levites and Israelites. Jehovah said to the Israelites: “Let the priests [the wise men] who are devoted to Jehovah take care of them, that Jehovah may not reproach them.”—Exodus 19:22.

7 It is clear that the Bible used the word “priest” in reference to Melchizedek. (Gen. 14:18) He was not only a priest, but also a king. Later, Jehovah ordained that the Messiah would be both a king and a priest like Melchizedek. Therefore, he ordained that mankind would eternally share in all the good things that the Messiah would do.—Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 Then the LORD appointed Israel and gave them the Law of Moses. In this Law, the LORD instructed how the priesthood should be performed. Moses’ brother Aaron and his sons were to serve as priests. (Exodus 40:12-15) The priests were to offer sacrifices on behalf of the Israelites. The high priest was to offer sacrifices on behalf of all Israel, and the priests were to offer sacrifices on behalf of the tribes of Israel. The Levites were to assist them in different ways. The LORD instructed the sacrifices that he should accept, the reason why he should accept them, and the way in which they should accept their sacrifices. This vision is merely a foreshadowing of the good things to come.

7. Who was Melchizedek, and in what way was he the Messiah?

8. Who were the priests in Israel, and what were their duties?

9 When Jesus was baptized, he became the High Priest, and he ministered in the temple of the Lord in Jerusalem. (Heb. 8:1) Three years later, Jesus offered his life and his flesh. The sacrifice of his life was more precious than the sacrifices that the priests offered in Israel. The sacrifices that the priests offered could not take away sin and illness, but the heavenly sacrifice of Jesus could not. Today, Jesus is our High Priest, and he enlightens us to turn to Jehovah. (Heb. 9:24) In God’s Kingdom, the 144,000 who are chosen will worship Jesus, serve as High Priests, and worship him as their Lord. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) Then, Jehovah, Jesus, and the 144,000 will help all who choose to worship Jehovah to be sanctified.

10 As we shall see, Jehovah gave human priests in the past to maintain a good relationship between mankind and Jehovah. All the prophets whom the priests found were concerned with the Israelites who believed in him that it was necessary for them to have a clear vision. In the Year of Judgment, Jesus and the 144,000 will serve as priests, and they will live as mothers and fathers and will not allow mankind to become defiled. If mankind becomes defiled, the priesthood will not have the right to do so. But how will all the things we shall learn about this right help us to become more devout to Jehovah? Let us see.

WHY CHOOSING THE RIGHT PHILOSOPHY IS IMPORTANT FOR OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH JEHOVAH

11 The commitment of the priesthood shows that Jehovah loves us and wants to make peace with us.

9-10. Who will be chosen by Jesus to serve as priests in the Last Judgment?

11. In what way does the sacrificial service of the priesthood show that Jehovah wants good relations to exist between him and mankind?

22 HYƐƆMI MƆ

2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to make us sin. But because Jehovah is merciful to mankind, He does all that He can so that we may obey Him and do His will. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to make us sin. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to make us sin. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to make us sin. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to make us sin. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to make us sin. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to make us sin. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to make us sin. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to sin. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to sin. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to sin. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to sin. 2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are bound to sin, but He rebukes us to sin. 2 Cor. 5:1 Has this helped you develop a stronger love for Jehovah?

12 Jesus, too, wants us to have a good relationship with Jehovah. As our High Priest, he asks us to “pray for ourselves with the Father.” (1 John 2:1; see Hebrews 7:25.) What are some of the things that Jesus might consider when he prays for us? He might consider our food, our education, our personal life, and the difficulties we face. He might also consider the good qualities we have, the good works we do, and the truth we have about Jehovah. Because Jesus knows the contents of our hearts, He knows how we feel, how we pray for Jehovah to bring our words to our ears, and how we try to make it sound. Therefore, we can be confident that Jehovah will listen to our prayers, and that He will listen to Jesus’ plea for us, and bring our words to our ears. (Psalm 86:5) It seems that Jehovah was the one who asked Jesus to pray for us.

13 Let us have the office of the priesthood

12. How does it comfort us to know that Jesus is the High Priest who intercedes for us? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also audio.)

13. In what respect did Jehovah make Jesus His High Priest, and how does this comfort Him in His suffering? (Hebrews 4:16)

Our High Priest Jesus cares about the good things we do, so let us pray that he will take our words to heart, so that we will do what is right in his sight.

(Figure 12)

Be confident that Jehovah wants us to have a relationship with him. (Read Hebrews 4:16.) Because Jesus is our High Priest, we can have a relationship with Jehovah in prayer. Jehovah is pleased when we pray to him, because doing so shows that we care about him and that we put our hearts in him. Sometimes, it is necessary for us to express our feelings to Jehovah. Perhaps the circumstances in which we are praying make it difficult for us to express our feelings to Jehovah in prayer. (Rom. 8:26) But Jehovah loves us, sees us, and encourages us. Let us, therefore, clothe ourselves with peace, and let us have fellowship with our loving Father, who dwells in us.

33:11) The sacrifices that were made in the past were intended to take away the sins of God’s servants. (Heb. 7:19) But instead of these sacrifices, Jehovah made His servants know that they had to offer a greater sacrifice. This sacrifice was what Jesus Christ would give His life and His blood to take away the sins of man. This heavenly sacrifice could not take away the sins of man. Therefore, it would not allow men who worship Jehovah to have eternal life. We rejoice that Jehovah has provided the means for us to have eternal life!—1 John 4:10.

15 Jehovah shows his love for those whom he has chosen to serve as his priests. Just as Jesus lived a faithful life, so too must those who are chosen to serve as his priests live a faithful life. (Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) He wants all people to see that they live a faithful life to Jehovah.

14. What did Jehovah do to show that he wanted mankind to have eternal life?

15. How will our consideration of those whom Jehovah has chosen to be priests help us to see how loving Jehovah is?

I am confident that at the Day of Judgment, they will love us and help us to do good, and ultimately, we will be saved. They will help us to recover from the sin that Adam and Eve brought upon us. But these good things are possible because of the sacrifice of Jesus’ life. Jesus and those who will obey him will continue to do these good things until all the sins that Jehovah has laid upon us are fulfilled, and heaven becomes a paradise.—Rev. 22:1, 2.

16 Our High Priest is well aware of the sufferings we endure as human beings, for He Himself suffered in heaven as a human being. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) For example, did you suffer? Jesus suffered. (John 4:6) Did you hear? Jesus heard. (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28) Did people hate you because of what you ate? Jesus also suffered. (Isa. 50:6; John 15:20) Did someone else die? Jesus’ brother Lazarus died, and Jesus’ brother Joseph died. Therefore, we can be confident that our High Priest, Jesus, knows the depths of our suffering, and knows what he can do to help us, because he knows the depths of our suffering.

17 The 144,000 believed in Jesus as the light of men, that they might see the darkness, and hear the light, and be enlightened. But they also were men who were darkened, and had sin in them as we have. Therefore they know how that when a man sinneth, he sinneth; and how that when a man desireth, he desireth; and how that when a man is afflicted with evil, he is afflicted.

16. In what way does Hebrews 4:15 show that Jesus was the one who was to serve as our High Priest?

17. Why can we be confident that the 144,000 will listen to us and teach us with joy?

24 HYƐƆMI MƆ

They all belonged to different families and had different experiences in their lives. Therefore, every one of the 144,000 who is now being judged is one of those who had experiences in his or her life.

18 All of the things we will consider concerning the office of the priesthood show us that Jehovah loves us greatly, knows how we feel, and listens to our words, and comforts us. Satan deceives us all the time, but Jehovah does so. (Col. 12:10) We will see in this occasion that Jehovah does all things for us so that we may delight in him, and have confidence that we will do his will, or that we will do it with him. Does this make you delight in Jehovah? Does it make you have confidence that Jehovah loves you, and that he listens to your words?

19 Sometimes we may think that we will fail or that Jehovah will not show mercy on us because of a sin we have committed. But this time we see that Jehovah listens to us, and he knows how we feel, because he knows that we are wicked. He knows that we are nothing but filth. (Psalm 103:14) Therefore, Jehovah uses his judgment on the evil we do, but he uses his judgment on the good things we do, or want to do, and how we will do them in the future. If we consider ourselves unworthy of life, and if we base our judgment solely on what we have done wrong, we should know that Jehovah “knows our hearts, and knows all things.”—1 John 3:20.

20 As we will see in this chapter, Jehovah has established the priesthood to help us serve him in a proper way. Jehovah loves us and wants us to be faithful to him. In order for his servants who have sinned to be able to stand up and plead with him, Jehovah has given us priests who are like children, and who must come to Jehovah so that there may be a good relationship between them and him. Therefore, let us use our service to show that we rejoice in this opportunity, and let us do as Hebrews 4:16 commands us to do. He says: “Let us therefore keep ourselves from evil, so that we may keep ourselves from evil, so that we may have strength to help us in times of need.”

18. What does the priesthood inheritance teach us about Jehovah, and how does it make you feel about Jehovah?

19. How does Jehovah look upon us when he sees that we are doomed?

20. Why are you pleased with the appointment to the priesthood, and what would you like to do?

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

■ Why did Jehovah give man priests?

■ Did Jehovah's Witnesses use priests in the different ways that are recorded in the Bible?

■ How do you become a ordained priest?

LESSON 16 Does Jehovah Believe in His Son Christ?

NOVEMBER 30-DECEMBER 6, 2026

CHAPTER 22 Let Your Kingdom Come

HOW WE CAN GET THERE Let us look at three things that we can do now that will help us survive in this world.

Who Is the “Son of Man” and What Is His Role

“Everything that is in the world... comes from the Father.”—1 JOHN 2:16.

14:30; 1 John 5:19) The Bible tells us that Satan is a great troubler to the followers of Christ. (Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) This shows us that Satan is omnipresent, and he is tempting us all the time. Indeed, the Bible tells us that angels have the power to be omnipresent all the time, good angels and evil angels. But Satan has all the servant angels who serve him. (Rev. 12:9) But there is one thing that Satan uses all the time, and that is omnipresent, that is, the light of the world. This light has the life of all people in the world, whether they know it or not. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) When people believe that Satan is lying, he frustrates his love by encouraging them to do things that please him. In one sense, “he tempts them to frustrate his love.”—2 Tim. 2:26.

2 At some time, all of us will do the things of the world. But to know what the world is, and what the future holds, helps us to apply the next verse of the Bible. It says, “Let us do the things of the world.” (Titus 2:11, 12) It is true that Satan is very active, and he has a lot of power in the world, but let us do the things of God. By doing this, we show that we want to live in the world.

1. In what ways does Satan seduce people today? (1 John 2:15, 16)

2-3. (a) In what ways will Jehovah’s people react to those who serve “the spirit of the world”? (b) Why is it important for us to be self-controlled at all times?

26

He is careful that the man has no power over us.

(Figure 5)

(James 4:7, 8) Indeed, Jehovah’s people will be greatly pleased because he has so much hope that they will be saved!

3 In general, however, we need to be careful, because the light and its brightness can lead us to become weary. This is what has happened to some people. When they have made a drastic change in their lives in the service of Jehovah, the light revives in them. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) This occasion will therefore teach us some things we can do to prevent such a thing from happening to us. But in general, we will consider what the phrase “the light” means.—1 Cor.

WHAT DOES “THE LORD” MEAN?

4 The word “rock” is used to refer to

The Bible describes how those in the light think and act. Those who are in the light have the power of the light in their own hands. Therefore, they ignore the laws of Jehovah’s light. For example, all who are in the light think that it is wrong to speak loudly or to put on finery. Thus, they do not “do the will of the light,” but the will of the Father.—1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The darkness is one of Satan’s ways of “deceiving all who dwell in hell,” and it is very powerful. (Col. 12:9) Paul describes the darkness as “a snake.” (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) What a beautiful metaphor!

4. What is “the spirit of the world,” and how is it manifested today?

5. In what way is the light of the sun like a “shadow”? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also audio.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

But the “light of the sun” is like the light of the sun, and if we put on the light of the sun, it will refresh us. Therefore, let us consider the ways in which the light of the sun can live on us, and what will help us so that the light of the sun will not live on us.

MO KUA MUNYUHI NƐ SƐ TUMI

6 The Bible tells us that in those days, people should be “teachers, ministers, and ministers of the gospel.” (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Today, people use the same words in their speech. For example, we see in the film industry that the rage that exists among some people leads to riots. Thus, blasphemy is spread in every country. Likewise, the elders and rulers of all nations use blasphemous words. (Eph. 5:3, 4) It seems that the words that they use are the same as those of Satan.

7 As Christians, we should set a good example in our speaking when we are speaking to others or in disputes. (James 1:26, 27) Therefore, we should not ask ourselves: ‘How am I speaking? Am I speaking as if I were angry, or am I communicating with people who consider themselves to be my Witnesses? When I communicate with brothers and sisters, am I speaking as if I were harassing them, or am I speaking in a way that would make their anger grow? Am I speaking loudly to my patients? What will my patients say about my speaking?’

8 What should we do if we find that the light of God is working in our speech? It will take more than just our speech to change. Remember that Jesus said: “Whatever enters into a man’s heart, it enters into his heart, and the secrets of his heart are revealed.” (Matt. 15:18) As Jesus said, our speech expresses what is deep in our hearts. That is why the Bible calls it “the words of the spirit,” which is, the words of our hearts. (Eph. 4:31) If you think you have these qualities, pray to Jehovah to help you to deal with them and to put on “the garment of righteousness.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) Also, you may want to look into the congregation’s publications on this subject. Ask and pray that the Spirit of God will inspire your speech and deeds.—Eph. 4:29.

MO KUA JE MI BAMI YAYAHI

9 Today, the light of the world is causing people to disregard Jehovah’s laws concerning what is right and what is wrong. They all think that it is right to marry and to have children. (Isa. 5:20) If we look at it this way, the light of the world may not diminish our love to stay away from evil. (2 Cor. 11:3) We may think that the light of the world is wrong, but the laws of the Bible are right. But such a thought is wrong! What Jehovah tells us to do is right for us at all times. They will walk on his paths more freely than humans, and they will be happy to wear his clothing.—Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

6. In what way does the spirit of the world manifest itself in the language of people today?

7. In what circumstances should we be cautious in our speech?

8. What can we do to make our words powerful? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. Do all people obey the laws of God regarding what is right and what is wrong?

28 HYƐƆMI MƆ

10 Those who want to please Jehovah should love what Jehovah has. (Psalm 97:10) So we can ask ourselves: ‘Do I feel that the rules that Jehovah has set for my life are interfering with how I would like to live? Do the things that I do show that I enjoy what Jehovah has? Did Jehovah change his rules so that I could do what I like?’

11 What can you do if you believe that you enjoy the things that Jehovah has? Even if you don’t believe that you will be able to do the things that Jehovah loves. I know that we all have weaknesses, and that at times we may be tempted by evil thoughts. (Ps. 51:5; 103:14) But you can try to make it easier by doing the things that “the devil loves.” (Eph. 2:3) You can also pretend that you are tempted by evil thoughts. But if you believe that you are tempted by evil thoughts, be careful not to indulge in evil thoughts. (Gen. 39:9, 12) Then, consider how these things may harm your relationship with Jehovah and your brothers. Ask God to help you to do so. (Eph. 5:5) When you eat and drink with Jehovah, you must not do things that are against his will.

SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE INTERNET

12 All of us use the Internet for business or pleasure. We also use it in our meetings. But all things on the Internet expose the evil of the world. For example, pornography is very popular on the Internet, and it is easy for adults and young people to access it. Also, fathers and mothers, men and women use pornography in their phones and videos. Therefore, all kinds of pornography are on the Internet and they are not true. These parents also use phones and videos to capture the joyful moments of their lives, or they take part in funny activities on the Internet. Often, when we see such things, it makes us feel that we have something to lose in life, so we should also use our time to do the things that make us happy. This is why many parents do not attend movie nights or church meetings.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 We should be cautious about what we find on the Internet that may offend or amuse us. So we can ask ourselves: ‘Am I using social media to find something specific that I am looking for?’ (Eph. 5:15, 16) ‘What do I look for on the Internet? When I see something that sounds good, am I just looking for money?’ (Ps. 119:37) ‘Am I trusting everything I see on the Internet, or am I hoping to find out if it’s true?’—Proverbs 14:15.

14 In order for the light of the world to shine upon us, we should limit our use of the Internet and watch out for harmful content. Parents should also monitor their children’s use of social media and what they see on it. (Eph. 6:4) The Bible teaches that every day, young men and women who use social media are exposed to harmful content.

10. What reasons can we have to doubt the things that Jehovah has?

11. In what way should we seek the things that belong to Jehovah?

12. In what way is the world viewed on the Internet?

13. In what circumstances should we be cautious about how we use the Internet?

14. What can we do to protect ourselves from the dangers of the Internet?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

Media users feel more comfortable, more comfortable, and more comfortable than those who don’t use the Internet. By using the Bible’s tools, you can help protect yourself from the dangers of the Internet.

O MA NYƐ MAA YE MANYE!

15 If you think that the sun has influenced you in some way, keep thinking about the sun’s influence. Consider Gloria. She learned the truth when she was young, but the sun has influenced her, and she feels that she should have a reputation and money. She says: “I want to have a reputation. That’s why I don’t attend church meetings, and of course, I want to be a Witness.” But Gloria thinks that the people who serve Jehovah and she does so because she wants to have a reputation and money. So what does she do? He said: “I always read the Bible and talk about it, and I pray a lot. I am also very close to those who serve Jehovah. Although I don’t earn much money, I am very happy, because Jehovah has given me all the good things in my life, and I am a pure believer. I am very happy that Jehovah is the one who cares for me in my life, and not Satan.”

* Names changed for convenience.

15. What did you learn from Gloria’s story? (See audio.)

What can you do to keep the world’s influence at bay? (Paragraph 15)

30 HYƐƆMI MƆ

16 Consider Robert’s experiences. Because of his brothers’ encouragement, Robert indulged in indulgences, smoking cigarettes, and indulging in homosexuality. He says, “I thought that if I did whatever I wanted, I would be happy.” Yet, Robert finds that his thoughts and feelings are weakened, because he feels like a prisoner to his indulgences. (2 Pet. 2:19) What does Robert do? He says, “I am a child of those who love Jehovah. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am a child of those who love me. I am I made a change in my lifestyle, my attitude, and my way of speaking.” Now, how does Robert feel? He says: “That day, I was glad because I knew I was following Jehovah’s will. I am living a better life now than I have ever been. That is the greatest joy.”

16. What did you learn from Robert’s experience?

17 What are the things we will consider in this lesson? We will see that it is necessary for us to be more hopeful that we will overcome the world. Therefore, please speak wisely, and do the things that Jehovah desires, and at the same time, keep away from the evils that are on the Internet. It is true that the world is very powerful, but it is also very weak. You cannot overcome the world. For Jehovah is stronger than Satan and his servant. (Read 1 John 4:4.) Therefore, Jehovah will give you his pure spirit, the strongest spirit in the world, to help you overcome the light of the world. (Luke 11:13) Therefore, let us all pray that we will continue to ‘be in the spirit of God,’ so that the light of the world will not take hold of us!—Gal. 5:16.

17. Why can you not be sure that you will not fall? (1 John 4:4)

WHAT WE SHOULD SAY “I AM A CHRISTIAN” IF WE HAVE ANY QUESTIONS:

wa munyu tumi mi?

How Do We See Things That Jehovah Does?

How do we use the Internet in governance?

LA 124 Wa Maa Ye Anɔkuale Daa

A WOMAN WHO WAS GOD’S CHOICE TO BE HIS WIFE

September 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 10 DANGME

BIBELLO MI MUNYU KO

“Let the Kindness of Christ and His Father Be in You”

Colossians 3:15 speaks of “the love of Christ.” What is “the love of Christ”? It is the love that comes from being a follower of Christ. We have this love because we know that Jehovah and his Son Jesus love us dearly.—John 14:23, 27.

Paul urges the Christians in the church at Colosse to cultivate this love in their hearts, or in their minds. In what sense? The Greek word that Paul uses in this passage, “my father,” refers to a person who encourages or instructs others to follow the law of charity. This means that, just as the present man is a harvester in the field of charity, so too should the “love of Christ” be cultivated in the way that it should be cultivated.

For example, when we have a disagreement or dispute with a brother, we should let “the compassion of Christ” be our referee. It will help us to know what we need to do to be compassionate. But if we can’t do that, we will have to sacrifice some of our loves and listen to the words of others. By doing so, we will let “the compassion of Christ” dwell in our hearts.—Col. 3:12-14.

MUNYUHI AND NGƐ MI

The towns to be captured from 2 to 8 November | 2

I Became a Witness to Jehovah When He Saved My Life

9-15 November 2015 | 8

How He Became "Tue Bumi Tsui"

The towns to be visited from 16-22 November | 14

We Speak Out for Those Who Are in “The Way We Should Be”

The cities to be visited from November 23-29 | 20

How the High Priests Respected Jehovah’s Law

Towns to be visited from November 30–December 6 | 26

Who Is the “Son of Man” and What Is His Role

These donations are voluntary. They are made to support the work of Bible education, and they are made on a voluntary basis. If you would like to make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

The terms listed below are taken from The Clear Mother—The True Motherhood. If we use a different motherhood in a context, we will indicate it.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit jw.org, or scan this QR code

JW.ORG

w26.09-DG