JUNE 2026

A WOMAN WHO WAS GOD’S CHOICE TO BE HIS WIFE

DATE AND TIME: AUGUST 10-SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

LA 122 Fĩ Si, Nyɛɛ Da Si Krɛii!

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

We can continue to be faithful to Jehovah no matter where we meet.

Prayer Will Keep Us Happy and Help Us Become Jehovah’s Witnesses

“Sir, shall we go with him? Thou then hast the words of life.”—JOHN 6:68.

ONE DAY, Jesus was teaching some people in Capernaum, and he said to them: “If you do not believe in the Son of man and eat of his flesh, you will have life in your bodies.” He also said: “Whoever eats of my flesh and drinks of my blood has eternal life, and he will live in the day of judgment.” (John 6:53, 54) But some of his disciples were upset at what he said and said: “This is a word of blasphemy; do not condemn it.”—John 6:60.

2 And the whole multitude of the Jews followed him, because they were troubled at what he said. Did this mean that they would not believe in him? Indeed, before he said this, he made a sign, and his disciples rejoiced greatly. Therefore they said, “Truly this is the Messiah who is to come into the world.” (John 6:14) This meant that the man whom they had sent had faith in him. But when Jesus had made this sign, they were not afraid to go and follow him.

3 But the two disciples were astonished. When Jesus asked them whether they would follow him, Peter replied, “Sir, to whom shall we go? This is the word of life. We have heard it, and we know that you are the Christ, the Son of God.” (John 6:68, 69)

1-2. What happened while Jesus was teaching in Capernaum? 3. What did Jesus’ disciples do, and why? (See also audio)

2

Though Jesus' disciples tried to persuade them all to deny him, Peter and the other disciples did not.

(Figure 3)

Jesus said it would be hard for them to believe him, and when they did, Peter and the other angels must have been deeply saddened. Yet they were determined to continue following Jesus. Why? Because they were convinced that Jesus was “the Christ of God.”—Luke 9:20, 35.

⁴ We may face circumstances that make it difficult for us to remain faithful to Jehovah. For example, if there is a change in the way a parent treats us, or if the congregation changes its policy regarding our participation in the ministry, it may be difficult for us to accept it. Or if we are faced with an adversity, we may feel that Jehovah has done something about it, and that may affect us. Similarly, if a fellow Christian with whom we have a close relationship does something to us or to someone we value deeply, it may affect us.

4. What can some information do for us?

5 In order to continue to be faithful to Jehovah in times of trouble, it is important that we keep our oath. For example, if we were to be appointed to a ministry in a time of trouble, we might be tempted to deceive ourselves that it would be easier. Similarly, if we keep our oath, it will help us to remain faithful to Jehovah in times of trouble, such as this one we have entrusted to him in the eighth chapter. Therefore, it is important that we do things that will keep our oath strong so that we can serve Jehovah in times of trouble.—1 Cor. 15:58; see Colossians 1:23.

6 What encouraged Jesus’ disciples to continue to follow him even when the people began to criticize him? Jesus’ disciples knew that it was Jehovah who made things happen.

5. Why is it important for us to do things that will strengthen our fellowship? Jesus is an example of this. (Colossians 1:23)

6. What encouraged Jesus’ disciples to go on and follow him?

JUNE 2026 | 3

They also knew that Jesus was the Son of God, and that if they believed him, they would have eternal life. They also knew that Jehovah was pleased with what Jesus did. Now, let us consider three things that will help us to continue to be faithful to Jehovah in times of trouble. These are: (1) Jehovah is the Creator of all things. (2) Jehovah caused the Bible to be written. (3) Jehovah’s Witnesses are God’s chosen people today. If we are convinced of these truths, we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah’s Witnesses

7 Read Revelation 4:11. This mother reminds us that Jehovah is the Creator of all things. Therefore, we should rejoice in him alone. Considering how powerful Jehovah is, we can be confident that he will help us in times of trouble. But Satan uses false accusations against Jehovah to make people think that he is God. He even uses false accusations to make people think that there is a Creator. If we are confident that Jehovah is our Creator and that he loves us, we will be encouraged by our Creator, and if we meet him, we will be confident that he will help us.—Heb. 11:6.

8 If you are convinced that Jehovah is the Creator of all things, you should do something about it. Research in the congregation’s publications to find out why you believe that Jehovah is the Creator of all things. You can find answers that will help your faith in the books Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking. You can also find more truthful answers in the video series “Is There Life?” on jw.org. Jessica, a young sister in the United States, says: “I’m always looking for something new.

7. What does Revelation 4:11 say about Jehovah, and how will it help us to meet him?

8-9. What should you do if you are convinced that Jehovah is our Creator? (See also the picture.)

Nebula: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; fish and car: Mercedes-Benz USA; plane: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

Have you read a scripture or a statement that has strengthened your belief that God will bring about all things? (Paragraph 8)

In our letters, it seems to me that the One who has the most power creates human beings. Although I know these things in detail, it helps me to feel confident that it is Jehovah who creates things.” Therefore, everyone should study the Let Us Live Forever! sections 6 and 7 as many times as possible, and it will help them. If you read sections 6 and 7 in this letter, you can read them again.

9 For example, you can set out to study the commandments that prove God’s existence. Doing this will not only help you to have a firm belief that Jehovah exists, but it will also help you to get to know him better. (Rom. 1:20) It will also help you to share what you have learned with others so that they too can be convinced of God’s existence. Indeed, the wonderful things that Jehovah does will prove that he is true.

JEHOVAH’S WAY OF READING THE BIBLE

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. The Bible is Jehovah’s language. It gives us answers to important questions. It also tells us what Jehovah’s values are, and what he wants us to do. We know that it was Jehovah who caused the Bible to be written. Therefore, we regard the Bible as the most authoritative book in life. Therefore, when we read something in the Bible, we hope to understand it carefully so that we can put it into practice.

11 We have every reason to believe that Jehovah caused the Bible to be written. For example, what it says about past events is true. (Luke 3:1, 2) What it says about God’s promises is accurate. (Job 26:7) Although Satan hoped to overthrow the Bible, it is the most widely translated book in all languages. Therefore, it is true that 40 men wrote the Bible, and that they wrote it for 1,600 years, but its contents have been altered. (Proverbs 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) All the predictions of the Bible are accurate. This is also the reason why we can trust the Bible. (Josh. 23:14) Indeed, we can claim with certainty that the Bible is the word of God!

12 What should we do to be sure that the Bible was written by God? We should pray earnestly, ask Jehovah to help us, and then investigate. For example, a wise young man whose parents are Jehovah’s Witnesses says: “Although my parents are Jehovah’s Witnesses, I don’t listen to everything they tell me. Before I did anything, I hoped to be sure that it was true. Indeed, sometimes my wife makes me feel uncomfortable about certain things. But if so, I am determined to search out the contents of our letters so that I may find answers to my questions.” As we continue to have the confidence and belief that God is the author of the Bible, our feast will be much richer.—1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

10. Why do we regard the Bible as important? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. Why do you believe that the Bible is the word of God?

12. What do we need to do to be sure that the Bible was written by God?

JUNE 2026 5

The relationship between Jehovah’s Witnesses and the world will continue to evolve.

(Figure 16)

Jehovah’s Witnesses Believe in God’s Plan of Salvation

13 If we are confident that Jehovah’s Witnesses are God’s chosen people today, we should continue to do something about it. For example, we might ask ourselves: ‘Why are they so determined to apply what the Bible says in their lives? Why do they base their teachings solely on the Bible?’ (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) ‘Why is Jehovah’s will being rejected today?’—Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 God wants the good news to be preached everywhere before the end comes, so we may ask, ‘Why are they preaching the good news now?’ (Matt. 24:14) The answer is simple. Jehovah’s Witnesses are the only people who are preaching the good news of God’s Kingdom in more than 240 countries. We have been doing this work for 100 years, and we have not given up. The preaching work may seem like a burden to us.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

15 See Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:10. Because of God’s name, Jehovah, we are glad to be called his Witnesses. All people in the world today know that God’s name is Jehovah. But we try to teach the Bible correctly. The Bible we teach uses God’s name as it appears in the Old Testament. God’s name, Jehovah, has been printed in the New World Translation more than 7,000 times.

16. Read John 13:34, 35. Today, all who are in the world dispute among themselves about things, and they hate one another. But so will Jehovah’s people be. They love one another very much, and there is even diversity among them. It is true that we are in differences, and it hurts each one of us, but we hope that we will let love and peace reign among us.

13. What should we do to be sure that Jehovah’s Witnesses are God’s people today?

14. What should the leadership expect Jehovah’s Witnesses to do in accordance with Matthew 24:14?

15. What do Jehovah’s Witnesses do to honor God’s name? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Do Jehovah’s Witnesses practice the family described in John 13:34, 35? Explain. (See also audio.)

6 BUSINESS

Have you ever attended a congregation meeting in a good place? If so, you may have noticed that there is love and unity among brothers and sisters from different backgrounds. Indeed, this shows that Jehovah trusts His Witnesses to carry out His work today. Remembering that Jehovah has appointed His people today will help us to be faithful to Him in our ministry.

KOO JE YEHOWA HE GBLEGBLEEGBLE

3:1, 13) Therefore, we may experience some hardships that do not cause us to lose heart. For example, there may be a hardship in Jehovah’s congregation, and we may take it very seriously. Or a brother may do something to us that upsets us deeply. Therefore, it may be that we are experiencing a hardship, but we do not know what it is, or we do not know why we are experiencing it.

18 While we may be troubled by these questions, if we are confident that Jehovah created all things, that he caused the Bible to be written, and that his Witnesses are people whom he approves, we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah. Just as Peter said to Jesus, we can say to Jehovah: “Who has sent us? Tell us the words of life.”

17-18. What are some of the problems that we may face, but what can we do to avoid them?

DAY 6: An elderly woman and her son are delighted when they see fellow Witnesses carrying food in the field.

HOW SHOULD THE CHAPTER WE ARE READING AFFECT US IF WE WANT TO KNOW WHO WE ARE?

Jehovah makes all things

Jehovah Caused the Bible to Be Written

Jehovah’s Witnesses Are God’s Chosen People

LA 123 Moo Ba O He Si Ha Teokrase Blɔ Nya Tomi

AUGUST 17-23, 2026

LA 90 Nyɛɛ Wo Nyɛ Sibi He Wami

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

How can we deal with the challenges that may arise from the good relationship that exists between us and our brothers and sisters?

What We Should Be Happy About Is That Our Brother Has Been In Prison

"Put on the heavenly man, who is gentle, meek, gentle, gentle, gentle of heart.”—COLOSENSES 3:12.

KEKLEEKLE’s broadcast message entitled “Man Kpakpahi” says: “If we were men in this day, we would find much. Jehovah our Father knows that we need men to help us.” This is true. That’s why Jehovah has given us all the good men in the congregation. (Psalm 119:63) We are united as a family in Jehovah’s service, and there is love among us.

2 We love to know only our brothers and sisters. We love to have fellowship with them. We love Jehovah and Jesus, and this love makes us to love one another as family. (John 13:35) But the fellowship that we have with our brothers and sisters is only temporary, and it gives us great hope. Because we are all sinners, we face difficulties at times, and it weakens the fellowship that exists between us and our brothers and sisters.

3 And the second thing is, that we love the brethren more than before. Why? Perhaps they rejoice now in the things that we rejoice in, or in the way we act, or in the way we think. Or perhaps they rejoice now in things that we do not rejoice in, or in the way we do not think, or in the way we act. Or perhaps they rejoice now in things that we do not think, or in the way we do not think, or in the way we do not think. Or perhaps they rejoice now in things that we rejoice in, or in the way we do, or in the way we think. Or perhaps they rejoice now in things that we rejoice in, or in the way we do, or in the way we think. Or perhaps they rejoice now in things that we rejoice in, or in the way we do, or in the way we think. Or perhaps we rejoice now in things that we rejoice in, or in the way we do, or in the way we think, or in the way we act.

1. Why should we have good habits?

2. How do we want the relationship between us and our brothers and sisters to be?

3. What is it that sometimes makes it necessary for us to break up with our brothers and sisters?

8

Sometimes, when our brothers and sisters are healthy or ill, it can affect our relationship with them. So, on this occasion, let us consider how the example of Jesus can help us to be supportive of our brothers and sisters when they are in trouble. But more generally, let us consider how the good things we say can help us to be supportive of our brothers and sisters.

SU KPAKPAHI IS IMPORTANT WHEN WE WANT OUR CHILDREN TO BE HAPPY

4 If we are to be united with our brethren, let us judge by the good things that are in them. If we are to be united with our brethren, it will help us to see the good things that are in them. The Apostle Paul was very anxious to be in the company of the brethren, therefore he wrote to the Thessalonians: “We greatly hoped to see you.” (1 Thess. 2:17) The brethren also knew that when they were in fellowship with one another, their fellowship grew. While we are in our camps or attending church meetings, district meetings, and area meetings, we may use the opportunity to communicate with our brothers and sisters. But when we do not meet our brothers and sisters in these ways, we may face difficulties that may limit our communicative ability.

5 The good qualities that we display will encourage us to rejoice in the hardships that we may share with our brothers and sisters. (Read Colossians 3:12.) Some qualities such as gentleness, meekness, compassion, and cheerfulness that we display will allow us to share with our brothers and sisters in times of hardship.

Just as the light that is put into a candle makes the candle brighter, so the good qualities that we radiate will help us to live in harmony with our brothers and sisters. Now, let us consider three situations that may illustrate the relationship that exists between us and our brothers and sisters. As we consider each of these situations, we will see how Jesus handled the qualities of kindness, gentleness, meekness, and gentleness, and how His example, which we will study, can help us to be good husbands and wives.

WHEN WE PROTECT OURSELVES FROM THINGS

6 Why it is unfortunate. If two people disagree about something, each of them thinks that it is unfortunate. For example, two brothers may disagree about the way they should go to their garden. Something may cause each of them to think that it is unfortunate. This may cause the disagreement to become a source of tension and anger in their relationship. If they separate their differences in order to resolve them, one of them may feel sorry for the other. If they were, they would probably be separated from each other, and the distance between them would certainly be greater than the distance between them in this case.

7 Learn about Jesus’ compassion. Jesus taught his disciples that if they were to be compassionate, they would not be able to have the kind of compassion that would be in their midst. Jesus’ disciples were concerned about who among them was the most unkind person. In order to help them avoid this kind of compassion, Jesus taught them that they should regard others as equal to themselves. (Matt. 20:25-28) At the time of the leprosy, the man who was sick of leprosy came to Jesus and said, “Lord, if you were here, my brother would not have died.”

4. What should help us to maintain a close relationship with our brothers and sisters?

5. What will help us to preserve the peace that exists between us and our brothers and sisters? Teach me a lesson. (Colossians 3:12)

6. If we disagree on something, how can that affect the relationship between us?

7. What did Jesus do to show that it was necessary for his followers to come to him so that the Holy Spirit might dwell among them?

JUNE 2026 9

If we are to live in harmony with our brothers and sisters, we must rely on our own judgment, and we must listen to the words of others.

(Figure 8)

After his death, Jesus began a ministry of redemption. He instructed his followers to pray, and he gave them “a testimony of faith.” Yes, Jesus instructed them to follow him. (John 13:3-5, 12-16) He did this in order to show them the way to follow the good spirit in their hearts. When they see others as their own, it will be easier for them to agree with their thoughts, and when they discuss things with one another, it will strengthen the good spirit in their relationships.

8 What will help us to be united with our brothers and sisters? Peace will help us, and if we argue with our brothers and sisters about something, we will put our judgment on wisdom. It will also help us to listen to other people’s opinions. (Read Colossians 3:13.) If we argue, it will help us to be stronger in our arguements, and that will strengthen our unity. (Acts 4:4) If a brother or sister tells us something that we love very much, we should recognize that we all have to do something, and we should be pleased with ourselves. (Phil. 7:21, 22) Therefore, ask yourself, ‘Is it better for me to agree with him or for there to be conflict between us?’ This question will only help you to agree with him. If you try to make your decision on the basis of what is likely to happen, and if you agree with him, you will find joy.

6:7) The reason why you need to be careful is that you need to be careful. All brothers and sisters know that when they go to their brothers and sisters to share a meal with them, things go wrong. (Psalm 34:14) You might say, ‘Why can’t we share a meal with him?’ As you work through the situation, acknowledge that you have done something wrong. Tell the brother or sister that you feel sorry for him or her. Then, ask him or her for forgiveness. But if your brother begs you, go to him, and plead with him.

8. If you have a dispute with a brother about something, how can a brother help you so that the peace between you will not be destroyed? (Colossians 3:13) (See also the illustrations.)

9. “When a father speaks evil to his son, how can you forgive him?” (Proverbs 17:9)

10 BUSINESS

(Luke 17:3, 4) You know that it is your duty to teach your children, but it is better for you not to be involved in the affairs of the world, so that you may continue to grow up together.—Proverbs 18:24.

WHEN WE SUSPEND AND WHEN WE MAKE PEEPEE TO YOU

10 Why it is difficult. Sometimes it is necessary for us to keep ourselves separate from our brothers and sisters who have a special interest in us. Perhaps some of them have a special interest in us. Perhaps some of them are afraid to talk to others because of the way they are being raised. Perhaps some of them are afraid to speak because of the way they are being raised. Or perhaps we want to go to a place where people are arguing, but he wants us to be quiet.

11 Study Jesus’ compassion. Jesus treated those whose hearts were filled with faith in him in this way. For example, the angels James and John wanted to have a seat in the kingdom. So they asked Jesus to give them one seat in heaven and one in hell. (Mark 10:35-37) But in Jesus’ obedience, he gave up his right to have a seat in heaven and to go to hell. (Phil 2:5-8) When you compare what Jesus did with what James and John did, you see that their hearts were filled with faith in Jesus! But after all this, Jesus was filled with compassion for James and John and the others.

12 Jesus always expected his disciples to do their work in a gentle way. He knew that his disciples wanted to have the same privilege as James and John. (Mar. 9:34) But Jesus did not. During his trial, the magistrates encouraged his disciples to keep quiet about their privilege. Jesus understood why his disciples were doing this. However, he had pity on them. He knew that the desire to be a ruler and to seek authority was a great burden on them, and that they might lose their livelihood. —Mar. 10:42-45.

13 What can help us to continue to be united with our brothers and sisters? Try to be compassionate toward them when they do things that we don’t like. (Proverbs 14:29) We all have our shortcomings, and sometimes these shortcomings make us feel uncomfortable, but that’s not how we are. Therefore, when others are compassionate toward us, we are encouraged. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) Therefore, it is important for us to be sincere, especially toward those who have changed their minds by doing things that we don’t like. For example, it may be helpful for someone who is angry or fearful to be compassionate toward others. In the meantime, whenever someone speaks to us, we ought to be gentle with them. While we may be more sympathetic to some than to others, we ought to recognize that if we keep our minds clear, we can live peacefully with our brothers and sisters.

14 Let our hearts be filled with good judgment, that we may judge the brethren according to their merits: and if we do so, and they continue in their understanding, let us continue also in our judgment with them. 15 For James and John were the only witnesses, and they desired not to be judged; but they did it because of the promise that the kingdom of God should come.

10. What should we do, if it is necessary for us to do this with some people?

11. What did Jesus learn from dealing with those who had lost their faith in him?

12. What encouraged Jesus to give his heart to his disciples?

13. How can humility help us to be kind to our brethren? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. How can conscience speak to us?

JUNE 2026 11

The stars give joy to their loved ones, and send out light and joy to express their love (Picture 19).

Jesus welcomed their message, and he was pleased with it. When we look for good things in our lives, it means that we are learning about Jesus and Jehovah.

15 Solomon also believed that it was very important. We can pray to Jehovah that he will help us to be kind to those who care for us. You can think of some problems that may bring grief to you and your brother, and pray that you will be comforted. Know that Jehovah our Lord knows how each one of us is. Therefore, when you pray, be confident that Jehovah knows what you need so that you will be able to live. Therefore, if you feel that it is important for you to make a decision in life, pray to Jehovah to give you his holy spirit to help you make that decision.—Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.

IF YOU WANT TO KNOW MORE

16 Or because it is difficult. Whether our brothers and sisters are alive or dead, it may be that some of their actions may upset us. For example, it may be that they will lie to us, or that they will do something that will upset us. It may be that they will say something that will upset us deeply. (Job 6:2, 3) But it may be that our brothers and sisters are experiencing difficulties that we know about, so it may be that they will act as we expect.

17 Observe how Jesus is filled with joy and compassion. He is filled with joy and compassion for those whom he knows and loves. Consider, for example, how Jesus treats a man named Bartimaeus. When he heard that Jesus was there, he cried so loudly that Jesus looked at him. But some of the people who were following Jesus told him not to cry. But he wanted Jesus to take him. Therefore, he cried even more loudly. Perhaps this small act would make some of the people forgive him. But she “sorrows Jesus,” meaning that she is deeply saddened, and wishes to comfort him. (Matt. 20:34; Mar. 10:46-52) Jesus speaks to Bathsheba in a joyful tone, and she expresses her regrets about her actions, after which Jesus asks her.

15. Who can help us to continue to live in harmony with those whose attitudes and beliefs are at variance with ours?

16. What kind of troubles can our brothers and sisters face?

17. What do you learn from how Jesus treated Bathsheba, who was a prostitute?

12 BUSINESS

18 What will help us to be united with our brethren? Show joy and cheerfulness. These qualities will help you to distinguish between brothers and sisters in strength and in weakness, and to “confort them with words of consolation.” (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) I know that a man who does good does so in order to “confort his brother.” (Proverbs 17:17) A man who does good does so to those who are in need. He comforts them, he strengthens them, and he does various things to comfort them.

19 What are some things you can do to show compassion and sympathy for others? While you may not be able to see your loved one’s grief with your own eyes, you can hope to know how he or she feels and what he or she is feeling. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) If he or she is feeling sad, rebuke him or her kindly. If he or she is feeling sad, give him or her an opportunity to be comforted. (Proverbs 12:25) Be careful not to act as if you know everything about him or her. (Proverbs 18:13) Instead, be kind to him, and don’t expect him to do what you want.—Eph. 4:32.

20 We rejoice that we have this fellowship in the assembly of Jehovah. Yet we are all weak, and each one of us has his own weaknesses. Therefore, at times, we all do things or do things that please others. But we rejoice that our brothers are gentle, tenderhearted, cheerful, and cheerful with us. Therefore, let us all make every effort to show these things to one another.

20. What would you like to express to your wife?

18. What can we do for those in need? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. What can we do to show that we are showing kindness and compassion? (See also the pictures.)

TELEPHONE CONVERSATION August 10: An elderly brother and a younger brother are discussing how to manage their home. After a while, they are having a good time at the pool.

WHAT SHOULD WE DO IF WE HAVE A BROTHER OR SISTER IN CHRIST...

■ When we disagree with a brother or sister about something?

■ How do we think about what we do and what we do not?

■ that our brothers and sisters are healthy or ill?

LA 124 Wa Maa Ye Anɔkuale Daa

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

LA 65 Moo Ya O Hê Mi!

HOW WE GET STARTED Let's see how we can get started with the filming spirit that we're supposed to have.

How We Became Famous

“I will fear Jehovah with all my heart in the place of the glory of his glory, and in the congregation.”—CLA 111:1.

HAVE you ever dreamed of becoming a preacher? It is likely that you will rejoice at the thought of being among the great people who honour Jehovah’s name. (Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) You will also rejoice at the thought of being part of a group of preachers. Some of those who are part of that group are your fellow members of the congregation. The different groups of preachers who take the opportunity help us to live up to Jesus’ promise to preach the good news of the Kingdom to “all nations.” —Matt. 24:14.

2 What do you think of the responsibilities of a film supervisor? A sister named Wendy* says: “My film supervisor has been a blessing in every way. I have learned how to be a good teacher to my fellow brothers and sisters, how to be a good leader in the congregation, and how to be a good husband.” A brother named Rich says: “Being a film supervisor is a very difficult job. While all brothers and sisters encourage a person to be baptized if he or she wants to, it is the responsibility of the group leader to encourage them to continue to serve Jehovah in their fullest capacity.” A sister named Dinah said: “It’s a great privilege to be a group leader! I treat my brothers and sisters in my group like my family.”

3 In this case, we will consider the roles of the director of photography and the assistant director, and how they interact with each other.

* Names changed.

1-2. What are the reasons for individuals to take a leadership role? 3. What should we focus on in this course?

14

Then let us see what each of us can do so that the spirit of fellowship may continue to flourish. And finally, let us see how we can all succeed in the task of the spirit of fellowship.

THE FILM IS SO GOOD THAT IT’S WORTH WATCHING IT

4 An overseer of a ministry group is a congregational elder* who is sought after by the council of elders to help the elders in a ministry group to be faithful to Jehovah and to be good teachers. In what way does he fulfill this responsibility? First, he demonstrates that he cares deeply for each member of his ministry group. (Proverbs 27:23) He knows the people in his ministry group, and he communicates with them on a daily basis to see how things are going in their lives. This allows him to encourage those in his ministry group to be faithful to Jehovah. (Proverbs 12:25; Yes. 32:2; James 2:15-17) He encourages the servants in his group to devote themselves more fully to the ministry. He hopes that his servants will devote themselves to the ministry every day. He also hopes that he will devote himself to the ministry with each servant in his group so that he can give them the necessary encouragement and instruction. If for any reason he cannot go to the ministry, he should let the brother whom he encourages him or another servant who is worthy of him take care of the ministry. (Proverbs 12:25; Yes. 32:2; James 2:15-17) He encourages the servants in his group to devote themselves more fully to the ministry. He hopes that he will devote himself to the ministry with his servants every day. He hopes that he will devote himself to the ministry with each servant in his group so that he can give them the necessary encouragement and instruction. If for any reason he cannot go to the ministry, he should let the brother whom he encourages him or another servant who is worthy of him take care of the ministry. (Proverbs 12:25; Yes. 32:2; James 2:15-17)

* The board of judges may allow a qualified parishioner to oversee a ward until they have a superintendent to oversee the ward. However, since the parishioner is a civil servant, he will be considered a ward overseer, but will serve under the supervision of the board of judges.

4. (a) What is the job title of a film supervisor? (b) What skills should a film supervisor possess to help him or her supervise his or her group effectively? (See the section entitled “Become a Film Supervisor.”)

I Don’t Want To Be A Movie Star

● Mo let the filming session be between them. He wouldn’t let them be separated, so that the filmers would be able to go to the filming session.

● If it is possible, you and all the brothers in your group go to the cinema. You and the brothers who are sick give them the opportunity to come to the cinema every day and arrange a way so that if it is possible, you go to the cinema for a day or two.

● Greet the brothers and sisters in your group and encourage them. You may do this in their homes, in the Kingdom Hall, or in any other suitable place. You may do it in a park or in a park.

● Train the male brethren to be steadfast, and to be able to carry out all their duties in the church.

● If your filming group and other groups have a filming meeting on the same day, stay away so that you can go to the filming with your group.

(1 Tim. 3:1) He sees them as hopeful, and he puts his trust in the mother by giving her advice in times of need. (1 Tim. 4:1) He sees them as hopeful, and he puts his trust in the mother by giving her advice in times of need. (1 Tim.

JUNE 2026 15

He trains them to be qualified to serve as ministers or elders in the church. Overseeing the spiritual life of a congregation is a very important task. Therefore, when the elders of a congregation are looking for a church elder to oversee a congregation, they carefully look for someone who can do the job.

5 All of these things can make it difficult for a ward overseer to help the people in his ward. There are ward elders who take care of all the functions in the ward. Consider what brother Jörg, an enthusiastic ward overseer from Germany, says: “It would be blessed to be a ward overseer and, at the same time, take care of other functions in the ward. This allows me to treat all the brothers and sisters in my congregation as I would like to be treated.” Abel, a 70-year-old branch president in Uganda, says: “The branch leaders and ministers in our congregation are very respectful. This encourages the brothers and sisters who have been appointed to serve in the branches to do the same. Therefore, it feels good to me to be able to encourage each of my brothers and sisters in the way I want them to.” Obed, a congregation leader in Suriname, says: “I would like to train others, but training takes time, and often, if you train someone, you find that he or she is not doing well. Therefore, I am unable to train them as I want, because all the work is on my hands.” What can I do to help overseers who are working with these young people to do the work they have been entrusted with?

6 That the overseers might know all the people of their company, and that they might help them:

A congregation elder may ask a member of the congregation who is in his or her filming group to watch a filming meeting for training purposes (Section 7).

If the elders in a congregation are concerned, the elders of the congregation may seek out a member of the congregation who is most eager to oversee the group ministry. If the elders are concerned, the group overseer will strive to perform all of his duties faithfully, and he will encourage those in his group to continue to be faithful to Jehovah.

7 If you are an overseer and care for the elders in your congregation, find a way to train your comforter to serve God’s church. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Assign tasks to your comforter. For example, you could ask him to oversee the spiritual meetings for a few days. Pray with your comforter and consider how you can help your brothers and sisters in your congregation to serve God’s church.

5. What challenges do some filmmakers face?

6. How does it help the group leader to know who is involved in the group?

7. When elders are involved in a congregation, what can spiritual overseers do to help them support each member of their congregation? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also the video.)

16 BUSINESS

(2 Tim. 2:2) You may allow the brothers who are in your congregation to train other ministers. The ministers who are in need may go and train them. (2 Tim. 2:3) You may allow the brothers who are in your congregation to train other ministers. The ministers who are in need may go and train them. (2 Tim. 2:4) You may allow the ministers who are in your congregation to train other ministers. (2 Tim. 2:5) You may allow the ministers who are in need to train other ministers. (2 Tim. 2:6) You may allow the ministers who are in need to train other ministers. (2 Tim. 2:7) You may allow the ministers who are in need to train other ministers. (2 Tim. 2:8) You may allow the ministers who are in need to train other ministers. (2 Tim. 2:9) You may allow the ministers who are in need to train other ministers. (2 Tim. 2:10) You may allow the ministers who are in need to train other ministers. (2 Tim. 2:11) You may allow the ministers who are in need to train other ministers. (2 Tim. 2:12) You may allow the ministers who are in need to train other ministers. (2 Tim. 2:13) They can teach them how to organize, how to maintain, and how to teach the Bible. Now, let’s consider three things that each of us can do to keep our group spirit alive.

WHAT TO DO IF YOU HAVE A BAD DAY AND YOU WANT TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE

8 Exercise your spirit of fellowship. When you exercise your spirit of fellowship with the brethren in your fellowship, you are ‘encouraging yourselves.’ (Read Romans 1:12.) Exercising your spirit of fellowship strengthens you, and you feel relieved that you are exercising in some respects. If your work restricts you from exercising your spirit of fellowship, discuss it with your supervisor so that he can make adjustments to your work. Perhaps he will allow you to exercise your spirit of fellowship on a different day. (Neh. 2:4-6) If you are absent or unable to attend a service with your group, discuss the matter with your group leader. Your group leader may allow you to attend a service or Bible study. If you are an elder or a lay person who has a good character, it is important for you to be present at the service or Bible study.

(Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) If you pray to Jehovah, he will give you “the courage and the strength” to do so. If you do, you will be very successful.—Phil. 2:13.

9 Rejoice. When we rejoice in those who are in our fellowship, there will be love and joy in our fellowship. (Read Romans 12:13.) For example, you may wish to have your fellowship celebrated in your home as a fellowship. In some congregations, if a brother speaks ill of another in the congregation, the fellowship members take the opportunity to rebuke him. But if the brother is able to deal with the reproach, the fellowship members go out and encourage each other. A great elder named Sarah said: “I love to make people cheerful, and when I call people to meal, I make them cheerful. I hope to put my mind on what the brothers will know, rather than on the work itself.” When we let love and unity pervade our group meetings, it strengthens our relationship with Jehovah and our brothers.—Neh. 8:10; Neh. 20:35.

10 Go on in the work of the gospel. If you are a good evangelist and teacher, you will be encouraged to continue to evangelize with the brothers who are in the spirit of your ministry.

8. What can we do to win the favor of God? (Romans 1:12)

9. What can we do so that love and joy may dwell in our hearts? (Romans 12:13)

10. What can you do to be an effective teacher? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also audio.)

JUNE 2026 17

When people who are part of the filming team feel supported, they are more confident, and they are more committed to the filming process.

(Figure 10)

(Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) If you tell your youth group leader that you want to be involved in the work, he or she may be able to help you. A young sister named Heather says: “I have a youth group leader who helps me get back on track. He loves me, teaches me, and gives me the opportunity to go to the work every day. I’m grateful to him for that. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me. I’m grateful to him for helping me I’m glad that I’m studying the Bible with someone I’ve come back to see. I’m glad that I’m eating and drinking with him, because now I can go to the cinema more often.” It seems that there are many things we can do to encourage our cinematic souls.

WHY DO WE LIKE THESE FILMS SO MUCH?

11 Therefore, we have a good relationship with Jehovah. Each of us has greatly benefited from the spirit of oversight. For example, the elders, the ministers, and the ministers are some of the people whom Jehovah cares for. Therefore, he gives the spirit of oversight to the overseers to encourage them, and sometimes, he uses their spiritual gifts to help them. (1 Thess. 2:8; James 1:27) Therefore, as we care for our congregation, we have the training that will help us to be good teachers. Baptised male brothers are also trained to help them in their responsibilities in the congregation.—1 Tim. 3:10.

12 Consider how Wendy, whose story we discussed earlier, took on the leadership role in the congregation. She says: “My father was very angry with my mother because of the truth. So my mother refused to give up her leadership role in the congregation. But she wouldn’t let me go. A brother who was an elder invited me, and he took me to many meetings. He trained me to be a strong leader, and I became a leader in the congregation. I really appreciate the Bible-based advice my group leader gave me, because it’s helping me to live today.”

13 For we have a Lord who loves us, and who comforts us. If we are in communion with our brothers and sisters in the church, we will be in communion with them. (Phil. 1:27) If those who are in communion with the church are not in communion with the brothers and sisters in the church, then it is not possible for those who are not in communion with the church to be in communion with the brothers and sisters in the church.

11-12. In what ways can your fellow Christians help you to maintain a good relationship with Jehovah? Let me give you an example.

13. In what ways do our film groups help us to overcome our fears? (See also the video at the end of the article.)

18 HYƐƆMI MƆ

(2 Cor. 6:13) When we are alive, when we are seriously ill, or when one of our loved ones dies, our brothers and sisters in the congregation can help us. (1 Thess. 5:14) Indeed, we love good people even more than that, especially because we are afraid of evil. (Matt. 24:21) Although our brothers and sisters may not be able to cope with our difficulties, we are comforted by knowing that we have brothers and sisters who love us and care for us.—Proverbs 17:17.

14 Our fellowship helps us in times of need. When there is a famine or a disaster in our area, or when we are ill or in need, or when we have financial difficulties, our fellow fellows help us. For example, in every church, the Assemblies of God and the fellowship overseers set aside a special allowance for the brothers who need food and supplies. The fellowship overseers go out to each family in their fellowship and bring them the food and supplies they need.

14. When we are afflicted with an illness or a hardship, in what way do our spiritual guides help us?

These are compassion, kindness, compassion, compassion, and mercy. In fact, our collective morality helps us to survive whenever a disaster or crisis strikes.

15 As we have seen, Jehovah has great servants in heaven and in hell. Jehovah’s faithful prophets have great glory in heaven. In hell, the highest-ranking angels serve Jehovah day and night, and the darkness continues forever. (Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) Let all the angels be united in preaching the good news of God’s Kingdom. (Rev. 14:6, 7) Therefore, let all of us devote ourselves wholeheartedly to the ministry of our congregation. If we do so, we will have great success, and if we fail, we will have a chance to please Jehovah our God.—Ps. 111:1.

15. What are Jehovah’s servants in heaven and in hell commanded to do?

THE TELEPHONE WITH THE CLOCK: Two sisters have a crush on the same guy who's on the phone.

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

■ What does a film supervisor and a facilitator do to facilitate the people in their film group?

■ What can each of us do to encourage the spirit of community?

■ How do we deal with the overwhelming demands of the film industry?

LA 61 Witnesses, Come Home!

AUGUST 31–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

LA 89 Bu Tue, Ye Nɔ, Konɛ A Jɔɔ Mo

WHY WE NEED TO LEARN ABOUT JEHOVAH We will learn why we need to be faithful, why we should look forward to learning about Jehovah, and how we can do so.

Moo Bu Tue Saminya Ke O Ya Asafo Mi Kpe

“Take heed how you speak to them.”—Luke 8:18.

DAVID said: “Jehovah is my helper. Nothing is impossible.” Indeed, we are David’s followers. Today, Jehovah has given us control over everything so that he can guide us.—Proverbs 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One of Jehovah’s ways of teaching us today is through our church meetings. Sometimes, when we attend church meetings, the things we learn are things that we will learn in the future. Even if we “walk in the truth,” it is often difficult for us to grasp what we learn. (2 Pet. 1:12) But if we are studying the things we have learned in the past, do you feel that you need to be patient and patient? If so, this opportunity will help you. In this opportunity, we will see why we should be patient when we attend church meetings. Therefore, let us look at how the brothers who teach in the church can help us to be cheerful when we attend church meetings. Then, let us look at how we can help ourselves to be cheerful. But above all, let us look at how he speaks to us when we attend church meetings.

I LET JEHOVAH BE MY LORD

3 Jehovah speaks to us through His Word, the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Because Jesus knew this, He also used the Bible extensively when teaching people. This led the disciples to ask: “How can this man, who has gone away to the Father, teach us in the synagogues?” (John 7:15) When Jesus heard this, he said to them, “I am the way and the truth and the life.

1-2. (a) In what ways does Jehovah guide his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we focus on in this lesson?

3. In what ways does Jehovah speak to us, and how do his servants use the Bible?

20

(Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) Today, Jehovah’s Witnesses use Bible-based teaching in their writings, broadcasts, sermons, and videos. Those who attend our meetings are impressed by the way we use Bible-based teaching. Those who serve at our meetings use Bible-based teaching. (Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) Today, Jehovah’s Witnesses use Bible-based teaching in their writings, broadcasts, sermons, and videos. Those who attend our meetings are impressed by the way we use Bible-based teaching. Those who serve at our meetings use Bible-based teaching. (Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) Today, Jehovah’s Witnesses use Bible-based teaching in their writings, broadcasts, sermons, and videos. Those who attend our meetings are impressed by the way we use Bible-based teaching. Those who serve at our meetings use Bible-based teaching. It’s not just a body that listens to the mother, but it also helps us to think and decide how to use it.—Luke 24:32.

4 If we have something to say, let us carefully consider what we can do. Similarly, if we want to please Jehovah God, let us carefully consider what he tells us at our congregational meetings. We will be very pleased when we carefully consider what Jehovah tells us and do it.—Proverbs 27:11.

WHY IS IT NEEDED THAT WE HAVE DIFFERENCES IN OUR SOCIETY?

5 By attending our meetings earnestly, we show that we love Jehovah. (Matt. 22:37) As we continue to learn about Jehovah, our love for him grows. This love encourages us to love him, to practice his love, and to love him as the Bible teaches us to love him.—Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 By attending our congregational meetings with devotion, we show that we love others. (Matt. 22:39) By attending our congregational meetings, Jehovah teaches us

4. Why is it important to take time to attend church meetings?

5. What does our love for Jehovah motivate us to do? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What does Jehovah teach us from our meetings?

Níhi Nɛ Maa Ye Bua Mo Konɛ O Bu Tue Saminya

Some brothers and sisters who have served Jehovah for a long time describe some of the things that encourage them to attend congregation meetings:

• Brother Sufawn, who was baptized in 1986, says: “I pray to Jehovah to help me make good decisions. I also commit myself to attending church meetings, to praying earnestly, and to wearing clothing that reflects my membership.”

• David, who was baptized in 1983, says: “I pray to Jehovah to help me make good decisions. I also commit myself to attending church meetings, to praying earnestly, and to wearing my garments in accordance with my vocation.”

• Nicolas, who was baptized in 1982, says: “When someone asks you to do something in the congregation, try to think of something you like about what they’re doing, and take their example.”

• Augustine, who was baptized in 1988, said: "When a true teacher allows us to re-learn a lesson we have learned well, it means that it is important for us to hear it again."

How can we help our brothers and sisters and those who will come after them? For example, the slogan, Stay Together—We Stand Together, helps us to feel that we need to stand together. Does it make you feel that you need to stay together? If so, why not?

JUNE 2026 21

Make a list of the assignments that you would like your students to complete in the section entitled “Moo Bɔ Fiɛɛmi Ní Tsumi ɔ He Mɔde” or “Moo Bɔ Fiɛɛmi Ní Tsumi ɔ He Mɔde”.

7 When we meditate earnestly at our congregational meetings, we show that we love life. Just as Jehovah told his servants in the past, let us meditate on him if we are to have joy now and to have life in the future. (Deuteronomy 32:44-47) When we meditate at our meetings, we are refreshed and learn how to control our emotions so that we can rest our hearts. (Rom. 8:25) Therefore, since we are in the days of judgment, now is the time for us to meditate earnestly on Jehovah so that we can continue to live.—Matt. 24:42-44; Rev. 1:3.

HOW TO TAKE CARE OF YOUR PLAN AND HOW TO TAKE CARE OF YOUR BUSINESS

8 Let the brothers who teach in the prisons speak wisely, and let them be careful who they speak to. If a brother speaks wisely, and uses the words of the Bible, it will help the prisoners to understand the truth of the Bible. It will also help the Witnesses to understand the truth of the Bible, and to put it into practice. If you have a responsibility in the congregation, and you are determined to do it well, it can be of great help to the people you teach. So consider how the following guidelines can help you to be a good teacher. While these guidelines are directed toward those who speak out, they can also be of help to all who perform other responsibilities in the congregation.—2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

9 Speak loudly so that the listeners will hear you. If you are teaching, speak loudly so that the listeners will listen to you. If you are speaking quietly, the listeners will listen to what you are saying. If so, how can you speak loudly? Here are some tips: (1) If you are just speaking, let the listeners know what you are talking about. (2) Speak clearly. If you are speaking about a subject, speak loudly so that the listeners will listen to you. (3) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are talking about. (4) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (5) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (6) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (7) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (8) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (9) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (10) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (11) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (12) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (13) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (14) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (15) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (16) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (17) If you are speaking slowly, let the listeners know what you are speaking about. (18 (3) If you are not satisfied with your response, please contact the authorities.

10 Think about what you’re going to teach. Thinking about the words you’re going to use will help you speak with confidence, and it will give you more authority over your students. (Proverbs 2:4, 5; Deut. 4:20) Thinking carefully about the principles and the words you’re going to use will help you think about the words you’re going to use. A 70-year-old man in the United States recalled a 20-year-old sermon. He said: “I often think of how the sermon encourages us to listen to God’s Word and to think about it. He spoke to me as a mother, and he showed us the way to do it. His words changed my life. It encouraged me to study the Bible, and I have a better relationship with Jehovah.”

7. Why is it important that we become people who love Jehovah?

8. Why is it important for male brethren who teach to take the lead in teaching?

9. When you are teaching, what should you do to make the students listen to you?

10. Why should you discuss what you are going to teach?

22 HYƐƆMI MƆ

11 Consider what you will say to your pastors, and teach them how to apply what you are teaching. Use the Bible to encourage your pastors, and give them specific directions on how to apply what you are teaching, rather than trying to distort the message. For example, the apostle Paul told Timothy some specific things that he should do in order to maintain a good relationship with Jehovah while he was teaching the brothers in Ephesus. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) Think of things that will encourage your elders, and give them specific instructions that will help them apply what you teach in their lives.

12 If thou art in doubt, speak with confidence, that it may be as if thou speakest forthrightly. If thou speakest with confidence, it will be better for the elders to be angry with thee, and they will hear thee, than that thou shouldest speak with astonishment, and not be heard. The book, Be Yourself in Your Teaching, says: “Speak in your heart so that your students will see how you see them, and how you feel about your speech.” When you speak in your heart, your students will feel comfortable with you, they will feel comfortable with your speech, and they will want to use the tools in your speech.

13 Send a letter to a brother who is skilled in teaching. For example, when you are going to speak to a brother, you may bring the things that you know and would like to speak about to him, and if he gives you a letter, you may use it to make your speech more convincing. You may also present your speech to him so that he can tell you where you should go. (Proverbs 1:5) Whenever we learn new things, it is important that we teach wisely. Therefore, if someone tries to teach you something that you don’t understand, he or she may tell you that you should teach him or her wisely so that he or she won’t fail. We all want to be wise teachers so that we can help our children learn wisely.

11. What do you need to do to convince the elders? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

12. Why is it so important to speak your mind when teaching?

13. Why should brothers who teach in the congregation encourage brothers who are unable to teach? (See also the video.)

Let an Effective Teacher Help You to Be an Effective Teacher (Paragraph 13)

23

Keep Supporting Jehovah’s Witnesses. Don’t Let Your Phone or Tablet Guide Your Decisions About What They’re Learning

(Figure 17)

They took the truths of the Bible seriously, and applied them to their lives.*

WHAT YOU SHOULD DO IS WHAT YOU SHOULD DO

14 If we decide that Jehovah’s servants are very important, we will be encouraged to take them seriously. We need God’s servants so that we can help our brothers and sisters in this “time of trouble.” (2 Tim. 3:1) Therefore, if what we are learning is something we have learned many times before, we should find a way to do our work as the reader of Psalm 119 did his work in regard to Jehovah’s servants.—Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

15 It is important that we continue to see what we are taught at our meetings as coming from Jehovah. We can learn from the way the Israelites acted when Jehovah left them in the wilderness (Exodus 16:15, 31).

* For resources to help you prepare to become a qualified teacher, see the brochure, Are You Involved in Schooling?, and the brochure, Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education.

14. Why should we do our work as the Psalmist did his? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

15. What will help us to continue to see the value of what we learn at our meetings?

21:5) In fact, we think that we should do our work like the Israelites, and we think that the things we are learning are things that we know or that are important to us. However, we should recognize that the things we are learning are a gift from Jehovah. Therefore, it should be of great importance to us. We should also recognize that the true father and teacher does not live just to impart the things to us, but he thinks carefully when he takes the wrong path. Thus, what we learn encourages us to cultivate good qualities that will enable us to live forever.—Proverbs 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

16 We can continue to be encouraged at our meetings by using good letters. For example, let’s consider some good letters from brothers and sisters who have served Jehovah with devotion for many years. Brother Ashley, who has served Jehovah for 30 years, says:

16. What encourages some brothers and sisters who are earnest in serving Jehovah to attend the congregational meetings? (See also the section entitled “Why Should You Be Earnest?”)

24 HYƐƆMI MƆ

But when I go to church, it encourages me and I read more. But when I’m happy, it gives me hope for answers, and it helps me to make decisions.” Brother Josef, who has served Jehovah for 52 years, said: “When I’m discussing something in the congregation, I’m more inclined to agree, because I’m learning from the good things the brothers are discussing.” He also said: “When a brother is discussing a good teaching, I’m more inclined to agree with what he is saying, rather than with the way he is teaching, because what he is teaching is from Jehovah.”

17 The following tips will help you to be vigilant at our meetings: (1) Make sure you don’t get involved in arguments at the meeting. (2) Make a habit of staying quiet while the meeting is going on. (3) Use your phone or tablet to make decisions while the meeting is going on. (4) Consider what the speaker is going to say. (5) Make your decisions based on what the speaker is going to say. (6) Reject certain opinions, or reject certain things that would cause you to reject the opinions. (7) Consider the decisions that have been made, and observe how the opinions have been handled. (8) Ask yourself: ‘How can I bring the young men to help a brother or sister or someone in our household?’ (9) When you go to a meeting or district meeting, watch the meeting proceedings, and listen to the elders who deliver the sermons every day. Then, take note of the sermons and the words in them. (10) Watch the videos carefully so that you can enjoy your decision to go to the meeting.

WHY YOU SHOULD FOLLOW JEHOVAH

18 By continuing to think earnestly at our congregation meetings, we show that we want Jehovah to teach us to do what is right in his sight. (Sm 23:3; 31:3) Indeed, we need Jehovah’s guidance to help us make it work, and not to compromise the truth. So, try to ‘think earnestly’ when you attend congregation meetings, and to put what you learn into practice. (Luke 8:18) If you think earnestly at your congregation meetings, you will be happy now, and you will have eternal life in the future.—Sm 119:2, 14.

17. What other things can help you feel confident when you go to a congregation meeting? (See also the video.)

18. Why should we be careful when we attend church meetings?

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

■ Why should we be careful when we attend church meetings?

■ What can men who teach do to be encouraged by elders at church meetings?

■ What will help you to be a strong believer?

LA 87

Let’s Have a Drink!

NƆ HE SANE

I Served Jehovah for 70 Years in Cuba

GUSTAVO JOSEPH NYA MI MUNYU

MY FATHER died in 1947 during a severe hurricane in Cuba, where the Caribbean Sea meets the Atlantic Ocean. He left us three children, one son and two daughters, and I was the captain. We lived with my parents on a boat called Esmeralda.

I feel like I’m in a good mood in this week. I’m grateful to my father’s sick relatives. Some of them are my brothers, my sisters, and my mother. We’re working hard to make ends meet. That’s what makes us happy.

When I was eight years old, my parents started a Bible study with a man named Walton Jones. He worked in the film industry, and would come to visit us as often as he liked. Every time he came, the whole family gathered in his house, and he studied the Bible with them. My parents, my brother Pedro, and my sister Ela all enjoyed what they were learning, and he baptized them as Jehovah’s Witnesses. Now, Ela is almost 100 years old, but he still serves as a missionary in Cuba.

At the present time, Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba enjoy serving Jehovah. People in Cuba know Jehovah’s Witnesses very well, because we regularly visit their country and teach them the Bible. We enjoy ourselves very much! When I think of the things we have accomplished in serving Jehovah, I am encouraged. But it’s not the way to overcome the difficulties we have faced.—2 Tim. 4:2.

TIME TO KNOW WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR

When I was about to turn 18, my father and my mother went to a party. The party was held in our house, but it was not where we were staying. Unfortunately, during the party, they contracted typhoid. When they returned home, my mother lost all her teeth, but my father died. He died when he was only 32.

When my father died, my mother made the decision that we all would go to live with his uncle in a forest in Lombillo. This meant that we would have to leave our relatives behind. But we continued to serve Jehovah as a family.

On August 26, 1957, I was baptized in a river near Lombillo. I was only 11 years old at the time. But two years later, the fate of all Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba changed.

26 BUSINESS

and he that feedeth shall be fed.

This is why it is so important for us Jehovah’s Witnesses, because we dedicate ourselves to the work of the table, and we give ourselves to a group of servants wherever we go. This allows us to celebrate, and we meet to serve Jehovah as we do every day. Unfortunately, the work of the table was interrupted, and many brothers and sisters were arrested. Some of them were severely tortured, and they were given only a small amount of work. Every day, they were given a small amount of work. But the Bible also commands us to be patient.

(Heb. 10:25) We meet in churches, and in other places where people decide what to do. I remember that one time a brother gave us a place where he kept his wise men to meet. But we didn’t want to go there, so we went to the place where the wise men were drinking. So we met with all the wise men. You’ll see for yourself.—Micah 2:12.

We are very grateful to the men who have given their time to help us during this time, and we are very grateful for their diligence in this work. For example, the transcripts of the meetings are printed out and sent to all the Witnesses in Cuba. Each day, the transcripts of the meetings are given to only two men, who divide them up and transcribe them. Because the transcripts of these men are in paper, sometimes you will find that there are mistakes, or that there are things that are missing. Whenever we had a meeting, the brothers used a bicycle with a light on it to provide electricity. This helped us to record the sermons, and we kept a record of the meeting. Because of our limited resources, we did not take part in all of the congregation’s activities as the elders did, but we still wanted to do what was necessary to maintain a good relationship with Jehovah. Indeed, we were glad to be united in his service.—Neh. 8:10.

WA BA PEE BLƆ GBALI KƐ FƆLI

At the age of 18, I began missionary service in a small town in Florida. A year later, I was assigned to serve as an extraordinary missionary in Camagüey, a small town in Cuba. It was there that I met a troubled sister named Emilia, who lived in Santiago de Cuba.

A. A seminar for community elders was held in Camagüey, Cuba in 1966.

B. Our Women’s Day in 1967

A-M_BAR_English (United States)

B

District Assembly TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

D 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000

E

D. When the observation was conducted in the late 1990s

E. Kekleekle met with us at the hospital in 1994.

When we lived together for a while, I and my brothers and sisters took part in the weekly service. Emilia and I both wanted to take part in the weekly service, but we still wanted to be brothers and sisters in the service of Jehovah. Therefore, I took part in the weekly service from 3 p.m. to 11 p.m. Although it was hard for me, the weekly service helped me to go to the movie every day, and Emilia and I attended all the congregation meetings.

In 1969, we had our only son, whom we named Gustavo. Then we were asked to serve in the field. At that time, even children could serve in the field in Cuba. Although we were ill, we were very happy at that time. Emilia and I thought it was an opportunity to serve our brothers. While we were serving in the field, we had Obed and Abner, and a few years later, we had Mahely.

As I look back on the years we served in the field, I am very glad that Jehovah helped his children in Cuba. He also helped us to train our children to love him. Now, I would like to tell you how things went in our lives while we served in the field.

YOU WILL GET THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO HAS THE ONE WHO

Because of the lack of work, it became difficult for the brothers to attend regular meetings. They visited all of our Kingdom Halls, visited the gospel preachers in their homes, visited their father and brothers in prison, and visited the church headquarters in Havana.

If we go to a church this week, we go back to that church the next week. If we go to a church, we carry all our luggage, and sometimes we ride a bicycle, because we think that we will not be arrested by the police or the elders. In fact, we do it in the street. We do our work as if we were going to kill ourselves. This is the reason why we do it. The truth is, however, that at times we may think that we are doing the work of overseeing, because we do our work as if we were attending to our own health. (Mark. 10:29, 30) But in reality, it is important that we exercise vigilance.

28 HYƐƆMI MƆ

E

F

G

E. Emilia, who served as a volunteer at the Cuba Betel.

F. A Fundraising Centre was established in 2012.

G. The brothers who hosted the Bible School for the Elderly in 2013

Every day, the police came after us and questioned us. If the police knew what we were doing, it would put the brothers and sisters to whom we served in danger.—Rom. 16:4.

In all this trouble, we were greatly encouraged by the brothers and sisters who were with us. For example, in some places there were great floods, but the brothers and sisters supplied us with water so that we might not be overwhelmed by the floods, and so that we might be steadfast. Other brothers and sisters allowed us to stay in their homes with those who had no work to do. Therefore, at times, we served ourselves and ate with them.

When we go to church, we take all of our children. We only take one of them with us, and we let my mother and my stepmother take care of the others. We take the opportunity to give a little help to our mothers. One day, the police searched our bags, but because we put our clothes in the place of the boy’s pampers, the police searched our bags.

I was very pleased with the way Emilia looked after our children, and she appreciated my participation in the full-time work. I also had to take my part in the weekly work, and in the meantime, I was also taking care of the children. How did I manage to do both? Sometimes, I did overtime for one or two days a week, so that I wouldn’t have to go to work at the end of the week. But even then, my work changed. I was told that I would take care of the children for the whole week, so she would take care of the children for the whole week, and I agreed. But I find that if I let the officers do all the work that they do during the day, and if I go out and visit the churches, they will not notice anything. I know that my superiors will think that I am doing work during the day.

BUT IF I WAS THE ONE, I WOULD HAVE BEEN THE ONE

In 1994, one day, the brothers and sisters in Cuba had a big meeting in Havana. We were 80 people. We were very happy to meet again after all these years! During the meeting, we discussed some of the changes that the congregation had made. Then, we were told something that made us all feel comfortable. The brothers told us to make a decision to give our name to the authorities! Why would they do such a thing?

JUNE 2026

29

The 2013 World Youth Day Celebration in Cuba

They told us that they were meeting with the officers because they wanted the officers to come to know Jehovah’s Witnesses. So the officers asked them to give them the names of all the watchers. When he said that, we all agreed to give them our names. After that, the communication between them and the officers became very difficult.

Of course, we can have church meetings, and we can eat together, and we can talk about our church. We also know that the elders know the names of the overseers, but they want us to keep ourselves quiet.

In September 1994, we were granted permission for our parish headquarters to operate as an ecclesiastical office. We therefore relocated our 20-year-old parish headquarters to an ecclesiastical office.

In 1996, the brothers called Emilia and me at a meeting and told us that they would like us to serve at Bethel. It shocked me, and I told them that we had two children at home and that we needed to take care of them. The brothers were concerned about our future, but in the end, they said that we would be happy at Bethel. So we agreed, and our family made arrangements to go to Havana.

Over the years, I’ve enjoyed serving at Bethel. I’ve served as a field superintendent for many years, and I love the job.

But the brothers and sisters at Bethel encouraged me, and I was blessed with my wife, Emilia. When I got married, I was relieved, and I enjoyed the work I was doing.

At the moment, Emilia and I are both in prison. But when we think of all the brothers and sisters we will meet and have the opportunity to serve them in the glorious future, we rejoice. We also rejoice in seeing that our children, and our grandchildren, are all serving Jehovah. This makes us feel as the apostle John felt when he was in prison. He said: “There is no greater joy for me than to know that my children are walking in the truth.”—3 John 4.

Emilia and I have been serving at Bethel for almost 30 years now. Although we have been struggling with illness, we were determined to do what we could in the work entrusted to us. In all the ways we have served Jehovah, we have faced difficulties, but we are glad that we have been able to serve “the God of joy” for 70 years in this desolate prison in Cuba!—1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1.

I took Emilia and our daughter and her husband and we went to a meeting that was being held.

30 | HYƐƆMI MƆ

SANE BIMIHI NA YE NƐ KANELI A NGƆ

What are the two things that the apostle Paul is referring to in Galatians 4:24?

■ When the apostle Paul described the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Haggai, he said, “These things may not be counted as works; for they live to serve two masters.” (Gal. 4:22-24) At one time, we said that these two masters were the Law master and the Father master. But when we return to the facts of this mother, we find that it is necessary to make a change in our understanding of this mother. It may be that Paul is referring to the father master, but he is referring to the master that God has appointed to Abraham. Why do we say this?*

Paul brings to Haggai the Law that was given at the Mount Sinai in 1513 B.C. (Exodus 19:5, 6). All the Jews have sinned, and therefore they must obey the whole Law. This makes them feel that they are slaves to sin. The Law of atonement must therefore help the Israelites to follow the Messiah, because only he can obey the Law and live happily. When the Messiah has sacrificed his life and his atonement, it opens the way for all mankind who are guilty of sin to be converted from sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) Because Jesus fulfilled God’s will, the Law is also important to us.—Rom. 10:4.

Paul distinguished between Haggai and Sarah as “women to be obeyed,” and he referred to them as “beloved.” (Gal. 4:23) This beloved was the covenant that Jehovah made with Abraham. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) In Genesis 22:18, Jehovah said of the covenant: “All the trees of the garden shall be blessed in [Abraham’s] sight, because he hath obeyed my voice.”

* This is a revision of an article published in The Watchtower March 15, 2006, pp. 10-12.

This covenant describes the details of Jehovah’s covenant in the Garden of Eden. (Gen. 3:15) It means that the “thing” that was covenanted would be Abraham’s offspring. Paul explains that the title of Jesus Christ is the “thing” of the present. But the 144,000 who are baptized, who are ‘things of Christ,’ will also covenant with Him and with the Father in this vision. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) In addition to Jehovah’s covenant with Abraham, all those who will trust in Jesus and obey Him will be blessed.

Why did Paul use “the works of the law”? Paul did this so that the Jews in his time would see that if they continued to obey the Law of Moses, they would become slaves like Haggai. But if they accepted Abraham “the father,” who is Jesus Christ, they would also become slaves, and they would be like Sarah. In fact, they would have to confess their sin and death. (John 8:32-34) But if they accepted Jesus, it means that they used the Law of Moses for the sake of the works of the law, and that it would lead them to Christ.

The Galatians, the Christians to whom Paul addressed this letter, were all Jews and subject to the Law. But some of the Jews in the church insisted that the Jews who would become Christians should follow the Law and the salvation. But Paul made it clear that it was necessary for them to do so. Because of their acceptance of Christ, they acknowledged that it was necessary for them to be subject to the Law.—Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

JUNE 2026 31

A WOMAN WHO WAS GOD’S CHOICE TO BE HIS WIFE

June 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 6 DANGME

MUNYUHI AND NGƐ MI

Week in Review August 10-16 | 2 Things Jehovah’s Witnesses Should Do in Prayer

August 17-23 | 8 Reasons Why You Should See Your Brother in Prison

The 14th Annual Sundance Film Festival will be held from August 24-30, 2018.

20 Things You Should Know About Your Job | 20 Moo Bu Tue Saminya Ke O Ya Asafo Mi Kpe

STORY OF THE YEAR | 26 I Serve Jehovah for 70 Years in Cuba

SANE BIMIHI NƐ NƐ KANELI A NGƆ | 31

These donations are voluntary. They are made to support the work of Bible education, and they are made on a voluntary basis. To make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

The terms listed below are taken from The Clear Mother—The True Motherhood. If we use a different motherhood in a context, we will indicate it.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

WHY THE BIBLE TALKS ABOUT HEAVEN

Why Are These People So Important?

Jesus’ disciples believed some of them to have been healed. (Mark 1:16-20) It is not surprising that they used them in their healing ministry on the Sea of Galilee.

This is the way to kill a wolf. They take a blade and cut it in two, and they make the flesh of the wolf as thick as the skin of an anana. When a hunter is in the hunt to kill a wolf, he cuts the flesh of the wolf and leaves it to rest. Similarly, when he is in the hunt to kill a wolf, he cuts the flesh of the wolf. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so that it can sit on the nest. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so that it can sit on the nest. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so that it can sit on the nest. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so that it can sit on the nest. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so that it can sit on the nest. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so that it can sit on the nest. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so that it can sit on the nest. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so that it can sit on the nest. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so that it can sit on the nest. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so that it can sit on the nest. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so that it can sit on the nest. In the hunt of the wolves, they use a blade to cut the flesh of the wolf so

(Luke 5:6) The Bible describes James and John as “having a hard time.” Perhaps it was because they were very tired. (Matt. 4:21) Perhaps it was because they were wearing clothes that were too tight. Luke also describes a couple of clothes that were “too tight.” (Luke 5:2) Then the clothes were tightened so that they wouldn’t fall apart. Perhaps it was so that they wouldn’t fall apart and become dirty.—Ezek. 47:10.

Jesus called upon those who were suffering to follow him so that they might "be as the sheep are."

Visit jw.org, or scan this QR code

JW.ORG

w26.06-DG