JUNE 2026

A BOOK FOR THE FAMILY OF JEHOVAH’S WITNESSES

READING HERE: AUGUST 10-SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

HADZIDZI 122

Minɔ Te Sesĩe, Mawamavãe!

TADJIKISTAN

This story will help us to be confident that no matter what trials our faith may face, we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah.

How to Be a Faithful Mother in Life’s Troubles

“Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the gifts of eternal life.”—JOHN 6:68.

Once Jesus was teaching people in Capernaum and said to them: “Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you will not live.” He added: “Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life in him, and I will raise him up at the last day.” (John 6:53, 54) Many of Jesus’ disciples were upset by this statement, and they said: “How hard is this speech! Who can bear to hear it?”—John 6:60.

2 Jesus’ words shocked many of his disciples and they turned away from him. Didn’t this mean that they didn’t believe in him anymore? No, because what Jesus had done before had made such an impression on many of these disciples that they said, “Truly, these are the prophets who were to come into the world.” (John 6:14) This makes it clear that these disciples believed in Jesus to some extent. But when Jesus said something they didn’t understand, they turned away from him and didn’t do anything about it.

3 The apostles continued to obey Jesus. When Jesus asked them if they wanted to leave, Peter replied, “Lord, from whom shall we go? You have eternal life. We have believed and known that you are the Christ, the Son of God.” (John 6:68, 69) Notice that Peter did not say anything to indicate that he and the other apostles fully understood Jesus’ words about eating His flesh and drinking His blood.

1-2. What happened one day while Jesus was teaching in Capernaum?

3. What did Jesus’ apostles do, and why? (See also figure.)

2

Although many of the disciples turned away from Jesus, Peter and the other apostles continued to follow Him (see picture 3).

Why? Because they knew that Jesus was “the Christ of God,” and their faith was based on that truth.—Luke 9:20, 35.

4 There are many ways that our loyalty to Jehovah can be tested. For example, how do we react when our leadership changes the way we understand the Bible or the way we preach? Or do you face a difficult situation and find it difficult to understand why Jehovah allows it to happen? Or maybe a fellow Christian does something you don’t like or someone you respect in the congregation does not treat you well. All of these things can test your faith.

5 We need to have faith that is based on firm principles. We can follow his example: In places where the earth is shaking, builders make sure that the foundations of the house are firm enough so that when the earth shakes, the house does not collapse. Likewise, we need to have firm faith so that when trials such as those discussed in the previous paragraph come upon us, we can stand firm. It is therefore important that we base our faith on firm principles so that we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah when trials come upon us.—1 Cor. 15:58; read Colossians 1:23.

6 What helped the apostles to remain faithful to Jesus when many people turned away from him? The apostles were convinced that they should serve Jehovah because he made all things. They were convinced that Jesus was the Son of God, who had “eternal life.” They were convinced that Jehovah fully supported Jesus. In this article, we will consider three truths that will help us to remain faithful to Jehovah in any situation.

4. What can test our faith?

5. Be an example of why we should exercise our faith in the same way. (Colossians 1:23)

6. What helped the apostles to persevere in their faith in Jesus?

JUNE 2026 3

(1) Jehovah is the Creator of all things. (2) Jehovah’s holy spirit inspired the people who wrote the Bible. (3) Jehovah’s Witnesses use Jehovah God today. If we fully understand these truths, we will continue to stand firm when faith tests come to us.

JEHOVA NYE NUWO KATÃ WƆLA

7 Read Revelation 4:11. These verses give us confidence that Jehovah is the Creator of all things. This fact makes it clear that he is the only one we should worship. As we contemplate his mighty power, we should be confident that he can save us from all the troubles that come to us. Yet, Satan’s deceptions in this world have led many people to believe that God does not exist. It is therefore no surprise that some scientists even argue that life arose by itself. It is therefore necessary for us to be fully confident that Jehovah is the Creator and that he loves us. Otherwise, we will continue to hope that we will receive real help in difficult circumstances.—Heb. 11:6.

8 If you are unsure that Jehovah is the Creator, you need to take another step. Check out the details in our publications for evidence that shows that Jehovah is the Creator. You can find more evidence that will strengthen your belief in the books Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking. You can find more proof in the various books and videos under the heading “Did They Do It?” on jw.org. A young sister named Jessica, from the United States, says: “After reading our books, I became convinced that there is a Creator and that He did everything.

7. (a) What assurance is contained in Revelation 4:11? (b) What can happen when our faith is tested?

8-9. What can you do if you are not convinced that Jehovah is the Creator? (See picture.)

Have you read some of our books that prove that there is a Creator? But shouldn’t you read them again?

(See Figure 8.)

Yamenutome (Nebula): IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; image credit: Mercedes-Benz USA; image credit: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

Now, the book Enjoy Life Forever! with lessons 6 and 7 has been of great help to many people. Maybe you have studied it, but do you need to study it again?

9 In your self-study, you can consider the evidence that will help you to believe that God exists. This will not only help you to believe that Jehovah exists, but it will also help you to learn more about his incredible qualities. (Rom. 1:20) You can also use what you have learned to help those who do not believe that God exists.

JEHOVAH’S WORD FOR PEOPLE WHO READ THE BIBLE

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. The Bible is Jehovah’s gift to mankind. It gives answers to important questions about life and helps us to know God’s will and requirements for us. We believe that Jehovah is the Author of the Bible, which is why the Bible is the most important book for us in life. It is important that we understand God’s Word and try to live according to it.

11 Why can we be sure that Jehovah gave the holy spirit to the people who wrote the Bible? There are many reasons. For example, the Bible’s accounts of past events are accurate. (Luke 3:1, 2) Its accounts of death, the earth, and the things in it are also accurate. (Job 26:7) Despite Satan’s efforts to deceive the people who wrote the Bible, the truth remains unchanged.

The Bible was written by more than 40 different authors, and it contains more than 141,000 verses, all of which are consistent. Despite the fact that it has been written many times, its advice has not faded and continues to help millions of people today. (Deut. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) And many of its prophecies have come true, proving that we can rely on its words. (Josh. 23:14) Yes, it proves that God inspired the people who wrote the Bible!

12 What should you do if you are unsure that the Bible is from God? You should pray to Jehovah about your feelings and ask for his help and guidance. For example, a young man named Jordan, whose parents are Jehovah’s Witnesses, says: “I didn’t take everything that was said to me that way. And sometimes, when I am confused or have a doubt, I try to understand what is written in the Scriptures.” As we continue to do things that will strengthen our belief that God gave the holy spirit to the people who wrote the Bible, we will grow in faith.—1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

JEHOVA ÐASEFOWO ZÃM JEHOVAH MAWU LE EGBEA

13 I urge you to accept that Jehovah’s Witnesses use my organization.

10. Why is the Bible an important book for us? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. What makes you believe that God inspired the people who wrote the Bible?

12. If you are not convinced that the Bible is from God, what should you do?

13. What should you do if you are not sure that Jehovah’s Witnesses are the organization that Jehovah God uses today?

JUNE 2026 | 5

It is Jehovah’s will that his people around the world love one another and be united (See picture 16)

(2 Tim. 4:3, 4) “Who are doing Jehovah’s will today?”—Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 To identify those who are doing God’s will today, ask yourself: ‘Who is doing the preaching that Jesus predicted would be done in the last days?’ (Matt. 24:14) The answer is clear. Jehovah God is using his people, his Witnesses, to do this preaching work. Only we, Jehovah’s Witnesses, are preaching the good news of God’s Kingdom in more than 240 nations. We have been doing this work for more than one hundred years, and the King of God’s Kingdom is with us in this work. Yes, we are focusing on the most important work of preaching and teaching people.—Matt.

14. What shows that Jehovah’s Witnesses are living up to Matthew 24:14 today?

15 Read Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:10. Most people don’t know that God’s name is Jehovah. But we Jehovah’s Witnesses are honored to have this name, and it has helped many people to learn about it. Yet, although God’s name appears more than 4,000 times in the ancient Bibles, people have used it in many Bibles. But in the New World Translation, we have inserted the name wherever it appears.

16. Read John 13:34, 35. Yes, there is no unity in the world, and there is only hatred. But Jehovah’s people love one another and are united. Despite our different nationalities, cultures, and personalities, we strive to live in peace with one another and to love our brothers and sisters.

15. How do Jehovah’s Witnesses proclaim God’s name today? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Why can we say that Jehovah’s Witnesses are living up to the command in John 13:34, 35? (See picture.)

6 CONTACTS

The love and unity among our brothers and sisters from all over the world makes it clear that Jehovah’s Witnesses are using Jehovah today to accomplish his purposes. Keeping this in mind will help you continue to be faithful to Jehovah when your faith is tested.

MEGAGBLẼ JEHOVA ĐI GBEĐE O

(2 Tim. 3:1, 13) We may face difficult situations that cause us to feel depressed. Maybe Jehovah’s organization is making changes or is giving directions that we don’t understand. Or maybe a brother or sister is doing something that affects us. We may not know what to do or why it is happening.

18 Despite these difficulties, we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah. What will help us? It is to believe that Jehovah is the Creator, that his spirit guided the people who wrote the Bible, and that Jehovah’s Witnesses are his people today. Then, like Peter’s answer to Jesus, we can confidently say to Jehovah: “From whom shall we go?

6: A woman and her son who were in the field were surprised when they saw some of our brothers and sisters in the Church doing missionary work.

17-18. What kinds of difficult situations can we face, and how can we cope with them?

WHAT DO I NEED TO KNOW IF MY HUSBAND’S DOKTOR COMES TO VISIT ME?

■ Jehovah’s Witnesses

■ The Holy Spirit of God guided the people who wrote the Bible

■ Jehovah is with his people today

HADZIDZI 123

Effective Organization for Theocratic Responsibility

AUGUST 17-23, 2026

HADZIDZI 90 Mide Dzi Fo Na Mia Nɔewo

CONSIDERATIONS Some circumstances may make it difficult for us to be friends with some of our brothers and sisters. This article will help us to consider what we can do to be good friends.

How to Build Friendship with Your Christian Brothers and Sisters

“Be in repentance, kindness, humility, peace, and a meek spirit.”—COLOSENSES 3:12.

“Life is hard in these days, and life is not easy. God knows that we need friends who will comfort us.” Do you see what these words, translated from the title of the song “True Friends,” mean? It is a great blessing to find true friends among Jehovah’s people! (Ps. 119:63) We are a great family of Jehovah’s servants who love one another dearly.

² Not only do we want to love our brothers and sisters, but we also want to be friends with them and to have a close relationship with them. As Jehovah’s Witnesses, we love Jehovah and Jesus, and this love unites us. (John 13:35) Our friendship does not happen by itself, but requires effort. Because we are imperfect, some problems arise that may make it difficult for us to continue to be close friends.

³ In fact, we are closer to some people than to others. This is because we may enjoy the same things with them, or they may have similar attitudes and behaviour. But it can be difficult for us to be friends with other brothers and sisters. Sometimes, disagreements can arise between us and our brothers and sisters and, if we are not careful, can ruin our friendships. Because their attitudes and behaviour are so different from ours, it can be difficult to be friends with them. In this article, we will see how Jesus’ example can help us to maintain close friendships with our brothers and sisters.

1. Where can we find true friends?

2. How should my relationship with my fellow Christians be?

3. What can make it difficult for me to be close to my brothers and sisters?

8

But first, let us identify the characteristics of a good Christian that will help us to be good friends.

CHRISTIAN FAMILY HAPPINESS TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY

⁴ Focusing on the good qualities of our brothers and sisters will strengthen our fellowship with them. Sharing with our brothers and sisters will help us to remember their good qualities. The Apostle Paul encouraged us to be among the brothers and sisters. He wrote to the Thessalonians: “We make every effort to see you face to face.” (1 Thess. 2:17) Many brothers and sisters have found that their fellowship with the brothers and sisters is strengthened when they see each other face to face. However, if conflicts arise, it is necessary to do the above-mentioned activities with them.

5 Good Christian qualities will help us to overcome differences rather than friendships. (Read Colossians 3:12.) When we are humble, compassionate, compassionate, and compassionate, it will be easier for us to overcome differences rather than friendships. Just as compassion can make things work better, so will good Christian qualities help us to overcome good friendships. Now let’s consider three things that may make it difficult for us to have close relationships with our brothers and sisters. In each of them, we will see how Jesus’ humility, gentleness, kindness, and compassion can help us continue to be true friends to one another.

NE WÒ KPLE NƆVI AƉE ƑE SUSU TO VOVO LE NANE ŊU

⁶ Why can this be a problem? When two people have different opinions about something, each of their children thinks that their own opinion is the best. Suppose two brothers are discussing how their father should conduct himself in the family, but their opinions differ about what is best. Each of them believes that his opinion is the best. Do you not see that this small dispute could become a major one that would ruin their friendship? If they are not careful, the mother may make each of their children's opinions more important to her than the good relationship between them. If they do not deal with the issue, they will continue to be angry with each other. In the end, they will not be able to deal with each other, and eventually their friendship may break down again because of a small issue.

⁷ Learn from Jesus’ humility. Jesus taught His followers a key lesson that would help them avoid disputes. It was humility. For some time His disciples were arguing among themselves as to who was the greatest. They were so concerned about this, that in order to help them change their mindsets, Jesus told them that they should regard others as greater than themselves. (Matt. 20:25-28) Jesus taught them what humility was. Even on the night before His death, He left a “vision” for them.

4. What can I do to strengthen friendships between myself and my brothers and sisters?

5. What will help us to remain friends even when differences arise? (Colossians 3:12)

6. What can happen when two people have different opinions on something?

7. What did Jesus do to show his followers the need to humble themselves in order to overcome differences?

JUNE 2026

9

Being humble can help you deal with small issues and be more open to others.

(See Figure 8.)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) His example showed them how to continue to be close friends. If the disciples regarded others as greater than themselves, it would be easier for them to accept each other’s differences, and this would help them to remain close friends.

8 What can you do to be good friends? Humility can help you to deal with small grievances and to give back. (Read Colossians 3:13.) If you are humble, you will not be upset if you don’t agree with someone else’s opinion, and you will continue to be good friends. (Ps. 4:4) Even if someone says something that upsets you, remember that we all say things that have an effect on us. (Heb. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself: ‘Is my opinion more important than our friendship?’ You may be able to persuade that person to agree with your opinion. If you do this and don’t talk about it later, you will find comfort.

9 If you have a disagreement with a brother or sister, humility will help you to resolve it. Don’t be afraid to take the other person’s side. (Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7.) Make your friendship with your brother or sister a priority. Many brothers and sisters have done this and have remained friends; they helped each other to resolve the issue in peace. (Ps. 34:14) You, too, depend on your brother or sister to resolve the issue. He or she might say, “I don’t know you very well. I don’t want to take the other person’s side.” Put your finger on the part you did not do well and ask forgiveness for the whole thing. And if your brother or sister asks forgiveness, forgive him or her. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember that the most important thing is to remain friends, not who you are or are not.—Prov. 18:24.

8. How will humility strengthen your bond with your brothers and sisters, even if you have differing views? (Colossians 3:13) (See also the pictures.)

9. How can humility help you if you have a disagreement with a brother? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 GBETACROX

NE WÒ KPLE XÕWÒA FE AMENYENYE TO VOVO

10 Why can this be a problem? It may be difficult to form close friendships with brothers and sisters of different personalities. For example, you may want to be friendly, but the other person may be reluctant to do so. Some people may have difficult personalities. Some people may not know how to be friendly, perhaps because they have been harassed in the past. Some people may be reluctant to be friendly because of their personality. Others may be reluctant to be friendly because of their personality. These differences can make it difficult to form close friendships.

11 Love Jesus’ compassion. Jesus loved those who were different from him and continued to love them. For example, the apostles James and John asked Jesus to give them a special place in the Kingdom; this is the character of compassion. (Mark 10:35-37) But Jesus was not like that. Despite the fact that he had a terrible illness, he humbled himself and threw it to the ground. (Phil. 2:5-8) Consider this. The character of Jesus was very different from that of James and John! However, Jesus showed compassion for them and the other disciples.

12 Jesus did not always expect His friends to do what was right. He knew that not only James and John, but also the other disciples were looking for the highest place. (Mark 9:34) Since Jesus and His disciples lived in the same neighborhood, He knew what was right and what was wrong.

10. Why might it be difficult to make friends with some of our brothers and sisters?

11. What helped Jesus to remain a friend to those who were different from him?

12. What helped Jesus to feel compassion for his friends?

(Luke 10:11-14) In his early ministry, Jesus observed how the religious leaders of his day encouraged people to take the first place. This helped him to understand the nature of his followers. He sympathized with them and gave them the opportunity to repent and bring out the dual nature that had been in them since childhood.—Mark 10:42-45.

13 What can you do to be a good friend? If the behavior of a brother or sister hurts you, continue to sympathize with him or her. (Prov. 14:29) The truth is that we all have different personalities, and we all have traits that are not perfect, but that some people may find unpleasant. It is therefore encouraging to be around people who are sympathetic to us. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) It is important for us to love those who are different from us. For example, it can take a lot of effort to be a good friend, so we need to sympathize with them. Likewise, we should be sympathetic to those who are open-minded and social. While our friendships with some people may be closer than with others, we should remember that even people of different personalities can be close friends.

14 When we are encouraged, we will recognize the good in our brothers and sisters. When we focus on the good, our differences will not be a problem for us, but we will love one another willingly. For example, although James and John were self-centered, it was clear that the Kingdom of God was a real thing for them. Jesus recognized their faith and appreciated them.

13. How can a gentle spirit help us become friends? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. What will a good spirit help us to recognize in our brothers and sisters?

JUNE 2026 11

True friends are kind to each other, they give love back to each other, and they receive love.

(See Figure 19.)

As we try to identify the good qualities in our friends, we are learning from Jesus and our Father, Jehovah.

15 Another important thing we can do is to pray to Jehovah to help us maintain friendships with people of different personalities. Plan ahead and pray to Jehovah to help you be encouraged when you encounter problems. Remember that our Creator, Jehovah, knows the problems that may arise because of our different personalities, so make sure that he answers your prayer and gives you what you need to be able to cope. And if you feel compelled to despair, ask Jehovah to send his holy spirit to help you control yourself.—Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.

NE MÍA NƆVIWO LE NƆNƆME SESƐWO ME TOM

16 Why can this be a problem? When our brothers and sisters are suffering from grief or anxiety,

15. Who will help us to have good relationships with people of different personalities?

16. What can happen if a brother or sister is in a difficult situation?

(Job 6:2, 3) Perhaps a brother or sister is experiencing a difficult situation that you don’t understand and that is causing him or her to be unable to do what you expected. So don’t criticize him or her.

17 Love Jesus’ compassion and compassionateness. Jesus’ compassion was directed toward the most vulnerable and affected people, even those who could not see. For example, consider what He did for two blind men. One of them was called Bartimaeus. As Jesus approached, he cried out loudly for Jesus to see him. Some people looked at him to see what he was doing. But he wanted Jesus to be angry with him, so he cried louder. It is clear that Bartimaeus’ words affected some people. But they did not affect Jesus. Instead, Bartimaeus’ words “felt sorry” for him. This indicates that Jesus' love turned to him.

17. What did you learn from Jesus’ treatment of Bartimaeus?

12 TAB

(Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus spoke courageously to Bartimaeus and praised him for his faith and miraculously opened his eyes.

18 What can you do to be a good friend? Be affectionate and kind. These qualities will help you to “comfort” your brothers and sisters who are struggling or sad. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember that true friends will always help you, especially in “times of tribulation.” (Lod. 17:17) Such friends will not only feel the pain of those who are suffering, but they will also stand by to comfort, encourage, and help them in many ways.

19 What practical things can we do to show loving kindness to others and to have reciprocal love for them? Truth be told, you can’t completely eliminate your friend’s grief. But you can help him or her understand. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) If you understand what he or she is telling you, listen carefully.

12:25) Don’t make your words sound like you know everything about the situation. (Lod. 18:13) Be kind to your child and don’t expect him to do everything exactly as you want.—Eph. 4:32.

20 We all value the friendship we have with our brothers and sisters in Christ. However, because we are imperfect and face difficult situations in our lives, we sometimes speak or act in a way that offends our brothers and sisters. We are therefore encouraged when our brothers and sisters show compassion, encouragement, and love for us, and when their love turns toward us in order that we may remain friends. Let us continue to show these qualities so that we too can be good friends to them.

20. What kind of friends do you have?

18. How should you deal with your fellow believers in difficult situations? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. How can we represent domains and subdomains? (See also pictures.)

PHOTO 10: An elderly brother and a younger brother have differing views on how to serve the needs of their community. They eventually come to an understanding and enjoy a meal together.

LET US HAVE A GREAT CHRISTIAN FAMILY...

■ If your opinions differ on an issue?

■ If your opinions differ?

■ Are they experiencing difficult circumstances?

HADZIDZI 124 We Will Be Faithful

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

HADZIDZI 65 Yi Dzidzi!

This story will show you how the system of parenting works for us.

Na Gbeadzifufofo Ƒe Ɖoɖoa Naɖe Vi Na Wò

“Praise Jehovah with a whole heart in the midst of the righteous.”—Ps. 111:1.

Do you remember when you were chosen to be a young minister to preach the good news? You were delighted, because you were one of a large group of people who preach Jehovah’s name. (Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) In fact, you were one of a small group of people called the congregation, which also included some brothers and sisters. The congregation system helps us to fulfill Jesus’ command to preach the good news of the Kingdom “in all the earth.”—Matt. 24:14.

2 How is the morning service helping you? A sister named Wendy* says: “The morning service has helped me in many ways. It has enabled me to learn new ways of ministering and teaching from other brothers. The brothers have helped me set spiritual goals and I have made many good friends.” The task of the group leader is to help the elders in his group to continue to serve Jehovah and to grow in faith even after their baptism.” A sister named Dinah said: “The group leader program is a great thing! The elders in my group have become my family.”

* Some names changed.

1-2. How do many believers perceive themselves in relation to the priesthood?

14

3 In this article, we will look at the work of the principal and his assistants, and how they relate to the members of their household. Then, we will look at what each of us can do to help the principal. Finally, we will look at what we can do to benefit from this good system.

SECRETARY-GENERAL AND HIS OFFICIALS

4 An ambassador is a church leader* appointed by the elders to help one of the preachers’ families to grow spiritually. How does he do this? First, he takes great care of each member of the family. (Acts 27:23) He is close to his family members, and keeps in touch with them to know what they are going through. This allows him to use the Bible to encourage them when they are in trouble, and to help them in other ways. (Acts 12:25; Isaiah 32:2; James 2:15-17) Second, he helps all the preachers in his family to do more in the ministry. He regularly takes the lead in the preaching work, especially on weekends. He helps the elders and each preacher so that he can encourage and encourage them. When he occasionally cannot attend the meetings, he arranges for his assistant or another brother to take the lead.

* If necessary, a senior minister can take the place of an elder until an elder becomes available. An elderly minister is called an elderly minister. He or she serves under the direction of the elders and is responsible for taking the place of an elder.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. (a) What are the main duties of the Head Nurse? (b) What are some tips to help the Head Nurse perform her or his duties better? (See box "Tips for Head Nurses.")

Recommendations to Executive Directors

• If the morning service is short, not more than four minutes, so that the preachers can get back to work.

• Try to work with as many of the preachers in your community as possible. This includes those whose circumstances do not allow them to attend regularly. You can arrange to work with them on other days or weekends.

• Organize regular meetings for all members of the family. These meetings can be held at the home of the minister, at the Kingdom Hall, or at another convenient location. This can also be done by telephone or letter.

• Encourage young men to make every effort to take on responsibilities in the community.

• Even if the whole community attends the funeral, keep your eyes on the members of your family.

(1 Tim. 3:1) He encourages them from the heart, admonishes them from the Scriptures, and encourages them to be faithful servants of God. (1 Tim.

JUNE 2026 15

Since the role of the Chief Electoral Officer is so important, it is essential that the role of the Chief Electoral Officer be delegated to an appropriately qualified official.

5 There are many reasons why it can be difficult for a ward president to attend to his family. Consider Brother Jörg, a ward president in Germany. As with many elders, the ward has a wide range of responsibilities. “It’s easy to get bored when there’s a lot of work in the ward, so it’s hard for me to attend to my family as I do,” he says. Abel, a 70-year-old ward president in Uganda, says: “The elders and ministers don’t attend to our ward, but the preachers do. This makes it difficult for me to work with each preacher and encourage them as I would like.” And Obed, a leader in Suriname, says: “It’s encouraging to coach the brothers. But coaching takes time and effort, and the videos don’t work immediately. I have so many other things going on that I don’t see the difference in coaching the brothers.” What helps leaders in these situations?

6 If this is the case, it is better to have a number of elders in each congregation so that the ministering elder can get to know each elder and help them to stay close to Jehovah. But what if there are only a few elders in the congregation? If the congregation is too small, the ministering elder will not be able to do his work.

The headmistress may assign a member of the staff from the parent’s household to assist with the child’s daycare.

(See Figure 7)

The elders may assign a minister to take care of one of the parents. When the parents are absent, the minister can take care of them and help them remain faithful to Jehovah in difficult circumstances.

7 If you are an elder in a non-elderly congregation, make it your goal to train your assistant to help you minister to God’s flock. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Assign tasks to him or her to help you. For example, sometimes, you may want him or her to take the lead when you come together for prayer. Pray with him or her and discuss how the elders are serving and what you can do to help them advance.

5. What are the responsibilities of the Supervisors?

6. When parents are present, how does it benefit the parent leader?

7. In churches where elders do not speak, what can the presiding officer do to show gratitude to all the members of his congregation? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also photo.)

16 TAB

(2 Tim. 2:2) You may want to enlist the help of other spiritually mature members of the congregation. For example, experienced ministers and preachers may be able to work with new preachers. Young preachers may be able to help brothers and sisters in need to get started with the congregation, make improvements, and study the Bible. Now let’s consider three things each of us can do to help our elders.

SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE UNITED NATIONS SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE UNITED NATIONS

8 Attend regularly. ‘We encourage one another’ when we pray with our brothers and sisters. (Read Romans 1:12.) Our brothers and sisters in the preaching work should feel encouraged and encouraged. If your work schedule prevents you from attending regularly with your brothers and sisters, why not ask your supervisor to change your schedule for you? The way he or she handles your case will surprise even you. (Neh. 2:4-6) If it is difficult for you to attend regularly with your brothers and sisters because of illness or disability, tell your supervisor. If you are a young person with a health condition that makes it difficult for you to stay at home with your parents, you may want to make weekly arrangements to stay at home with your parents and siblings. However, you may need to review the arrangements you have made.

8. How can you thank your parents? (Romans 1:12)

(Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) Make efforts that will benefit the whole family. Pray to Jehovah about it. May he give you “the light and the power” to do what is right in his sight.—Phil.

9 Show kindness to your family. When we treat one another well and are kind to one another, there is love and joy in the family. (Read Romans 12:13.) Can you arrange for a parent to help in your home? In some churches, parents can arrange for a visitor to come and eat with them. If a parent is invited to eat with them, but is unable to attend, the family will come together to eat together and encourage the other parent. Sarah, a long-time missionary, says: “I enjoy being a stranger, so I try to keep things simple. I focus on getting to know my brothers and sisters better, not on the arrangement of the table or the quality of the food.” By being a stranger and interacting with our brothers and sisters as one family, we become more connected to Jehovah and our brothers and sisters.—Neh. 8:10; Ac. 20:35.

10 Do the things which I command thee, that thou mayest abound in the ministry. As thy preaching and teaching abounds, so shall thy service and service of thy brethren abound; that thou mayest abound in the ministry.

9. What can we do to help foster love and unity in our families? (Romans 12:13)

10. What can we do if we want to grow in some part of the ministry? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See picture.)

JUNE 2026 17

When parents are less similar, we are more likely to get along and share a childhood (See Figure 10).

(Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) You can tell your supervisor, and he or she will thank you. You can also ask for help from others. This is what Sister Heather did. Despite her frustration, she said: “I asked a minister to help me make these changes. He treated me with love and compassion, and arranged for us to pray regularly. He even helped me start a Bible study with someone. I was very happy to ask for help, because the baby is very important to me.” It means that we can do our part to make things better for our children.

THE SECRETARY-GENERAL AND THE SECRETARY-GENERAL'S ASSISTANT

(1 Thess. 2:8; James 1:27) This commitment also means that we receive helpful duties in various areas of ministry and teaching. In addition, faithful male examples receive helpful duties and take on additional responsibilities.—1 Tim. 3:10.

12 Consider Sister Wendy. She says: “Because my dad wasn’t interested in childcare, my dad couldn’t go to work with the family on weekends. But my dad let me, and so did I. An elderly sister who was a friend of mine joined me in childcare many times. She encouraged me, and that’s helped me both in childcare and in the congregation. I remember that our childcare supervisor used the Bible to counsel me many times, and that’s helped me to this day.”

13 Make good friends who will help you. When we do “friendship” with family members in the church, our relationship with them becomes closer. (Phil. 1:27) Since only a few people attend church, it is easier for those who help or discourage people to lose heart and make good friends. (2 Cor. 6:13) These friends help us.

11-12. How can your parenting plan help you get closer to Jehovah? Give an example.

13. How can being together with our parents help us become good friends? (See the picture on the cover.)

18 FOLDER

(1 Thess. 5:14) Without a doubt, as the Great Tribulation continues, we will need more true friends. (Matt. 24:21) Our problems will not be forever, but we can endure them because we know that our loving brothers and sisters will help us.—Rom. 17:17.

14 You will be helped in times of distress. The emergency plan is intended to help us in times of disaster, natural disaster, illness, or persecution. For example, in each congregation, the Subdistrict Committee and the emergency planners make arrangements to help those in special need. For example, in times of distress, the emergency planners take the lead by calling all members of the congregation or asking them to tell them how they are so that they can help them. Some of the urgent needs of the brethren may be medicines, food, drink, shelter, and water. It’s a joy that parents are there to help us again when danger strikes!

15 We know that Jehovah’s organization is very large! Its mortal branch is made up of thousands of thousands of faithful angels. Its earthly branch now has six hundred million members, and the number is growing every day. (Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) All members of Jehovah’s organization are dedicated to spreading the good news of God’s Kingdom. (Rev. 14:6, 7) Let us take full advantage of the parenting system, because it helps us to do things that bring praise to Jehovah.—Ps. 111:1.

14. How does a parenting plan help me in the event of an emergency?

15. What is the length of all the members of Jehovah’s organization?

THE TWO SISTERS IN THE PHOTO: Two sisters in a nursery are working together in the nursery.

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ How does the superintendent and his assistants respond to the brothers and sisters in their superintendent’s office?

■ What can you do to help keep things going well in your child’s home?

■ How does the parenting plan work for you?

HADZIDZI 61 Years Later, We Are Jehovah’s Witnesses!

AUGUST 31-SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

HADZIDZI 89

Ɖo To Mawu Ne Wòayra Wò

TADJIKISTAN

In this article, we will examine why we should be attentive to the services and other theocratic activities, and how we can do so.

Ɖo To Nyuie Le Kpekpeawo Me

“Watch carefully how you give.”—Luke 8:18.

Jehovah teaches us many things today through his Word, the Bible. So we can be in tune with David, who said: “Jehovah is my Savior. I need nothing.” —Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One of the ways Jehovah teaches us today is through meetings. Many of the things we learn in meetings are things we have learned before. Even if we have been in the truth for a long time and know the Bible well, we still need reminders. (2 Pet. 1:12) But if the things we study in meetings are things we have learned many times before, do you find it difficult to obey? These facts will help us understand why it is important to obey in meetings. Also, they will help the leaders in the congregation to find out what they can do to make it easier for the brethren to obey. Finally, we will discuss what we can do to be more attentive in our meetings. But first, let’s answer this question: Who is teaching us in our meetings?

EDZI BE JEHOVAHE LE NU FIAM MÍ

3 Jehovah teaches us through his Word, the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this well. That is why he used God’s Word wisely to explain things so that the listeners would ask: “How does this man know the Scriptures, who has never been taught?” (John 7:15) The way Jesus taught God’s Word had an impact on people with a good heart.

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah guide his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this article?

3. In what ways does Jehovah reveal himself to us, and how do his servants use his Word to do so?

20

(Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah’s Witnesses, we recognize that the Bible is the basis for all of Jehovah’s organization’s publications, office supplies, brochures, and videos. The way we use the Bible to teach in our meetings makes a great impact on first-time attendees. The leaders of our meetings use God’s Word as the basis for their teachings. They not only read the Bible, but also help attendees to understand and apply God’s Word.—Luke 24:32.

4 The Bible often uses the words “hear” or “obey” to refer to doing what someone wants. So when we read the Bible at our meetings, it should be as if Jehovah is speaking to us and we are listening to his words. This helps us understand what he wants from us and makes it easier for us to do what he wants. We can be sure that when we listen to Jehovah’s words and do what he wants, he is very pleased.—Prov. 27:11.

WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO WITH YOUR LIFE?

5 We obey at our meetings because we love Jehovah. (Matt. 22:37) As we learn more about Jehovah, our trust in him grows. This love drives us to obey and live according to his word and to serve him in the way he wants. —Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 We attend our meetings because we love people. (Matt. 22:39) Jehovah loves us.

4. What do the words “will” or “shall” mean?

5. What do we do because we love Jehovah? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What does Jehovah teach us in our ministry?

Tips To Help You Keep Your Weight Under Control

When asked by Jehovah’s Witnesses who have been serving for many years to share what has helped them be more attentive at meetings, some of them said:

• Sister Suefawn, who was baptized in 1986, says: “Keep them in front so that you can focus on the pictures and videos.”

• Brother David, who was baptized in 1983, says: “I prayed to Jehovah repeatedly to help me keep my focus on what was going on in the service. I also reminded myself that the length of the service, proper attendance at the service, and obedience are all part of our service.”

• Brother Nicolas, who was baptized in 1982, says: “At each service, thank everyone who did the work, and tell them an example of something they did or said that made an impact on you.”

• Brother Augustin, who was baptized in 1988, says: “I always tell myself that when a good servant makes a plan to study a topic again, it’s exactly what we need.”

For example, the brochure Love People—Enable Them to Be Disciples gives many good advice on qualities that will help us in the preaching work. And we learn how to apply those advice in our weekly meetings.

JUNE 2026 21

Do you find it difficult to communicate with others? Be careful how you communicate with others and how you perform your duties.

7 We obey at our meetings because we love life. Jehovah told his servants in the past that if they obeyed him, they would live. So it will be for us if we do his will. (Deuteronomy 32:44-47) By obeying at our meetings, we will hear voices that will strengthen us to endure tribulations and to look forward to the new world. (Rom. 8:25) It is important that we obey Jehovah now and value his service in these last days.—Matt. 24:42-44; Rev. 1:3.

ALE SI MÍAKPE ĐE AMEWO ŊU WOAĐO TO LE KPEKPEAWO ME

8 It is important for ministering brothers, especially ministering brothers, to continue to improve their teaching. Taking time to prepare their sermons on the basis of the Bible will help newcomers to be convinced of the truth, and it will help the elders to be convinced of the truth. So, if you have an opportunity to serve in the congregation, don’t let it pass you by. Try to apply the following advice. While these advice are for ministering brothers, they can also be helpful to other ministering brothers.—2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

9 Organize your key points. It is not necessary to make your speech easy enough for your listeners to follow. If the key points are too far apart or too difficult to understand, people will not pay attention to your speech. What can you do to keep your speech organized? The following tips will help you: (1) Make your key points clear at the beginning of your speech. (2) Focus on the key points one by one. When you have covered one key point, wait for your listeners to see that you have covered it, before you move on to the next key point. (3) Focus again on the key points shortly in your speech.

2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) To give you encouragement, you need to consider the subject of the inspiration and the scriptures it contains. A brother in the United States, now in his 70s, said of an inspiration he heard in his youth: “It reminded me of how the inspiration inspired us to meditate when we read God’s Word. It encouraged us and showed us how to do it. It was a life-changing experience, and I learned a lot from reading the Bible, which made my relationship with Jehovah better.”

11 Consider how your exhortation will benefit your listeners, and how they will respond to it. Don’t just utter words, but use the Scriptures to exhort your listeners to follow the advice. The Apostle Paul gave an example of this in his letter to Timothy.

7. Why is it important to obey Jehovah?

8. Why should the leaders of the congregations be encouraged to improve their teaching?

9. What should you do if you feel threatened?

10. Why should you be concerned about the topic you are speaking about?

11. What are the most important things you should do so that your marriage will last forever? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 CONTACTS

While ministering to the brethren in Ephesus, Paul spoke to them about various things they needed to do in order to have a close relationship with Jehovah. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) So, think about how your advice will help your listeners and help them decide what they need to do.

12 In order for your speech to be meaningful, write it down. Instead of writing down all the words in your speech and then reading it, try to highlight the key points. This will help you to speak concisely and make it easier for your listeners to understand what you are saying. The popular book Read and Speak Advises: “Speak concisely in a way that expresses your feelings about the speaker and your listeners.” When you speak from your heart, you will inspire your listeners, and your words will have an impact on them and cause them to do the right thing.

13 Ask for advice from a Bible teacher. What can you do? You can indicate the key points you want to discuss and follow the advice he or she gives you. Also, speak in a way that will help you to improve your teaching. (Lod. 1:5) Indeed, we all have weaknesses and it is not easy to recognize when our teaching is flawed or needs to be improved. We strive to improve our teaching so that the truth of God’s Word is of full benefit to our listeners.*

ALE SI NÀWƆ AÐO TO NYUIE LE KPEKPEAWO ME

14 Appreciate Jehovah’s reminders. We need God’s reminders so that we can endure ‘difficult circumstances’ ‘in these last days.’ (2 Tim. 3:1) Even if it seems that we have forgotten what we were taught many times before, we should try to emulate the good qualities of the writer of Psalm 119:105.

* For more advice on how to be a good teacher, see the brochure How to Read and Teach and the book How to Make Theocratic Worship Work for You.

12. Why is it helpful to keep your mouth shut when you are drinking?

13. Why should we seek advice from brothers who teach? (See picture.)

14. How can we imitate the character of the writer of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

Use an example to help you improve your teaching (See Figure 13)

23

Be Discreet During Meetings—Don’t Let Your Phone or Electronic Devices Distract You (See Figure 17)

God wants us to have memories of him. —Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

15 It is important for us to value the spiritual food we receive from Jehovah. We can learn from what happened to the Israelites when Jehovah gave them manna in the wilderness. (Exodus 16:15, 31) At first, the Israelites undoubtedly appreciated the manna greatly. It came from Jehovah, it was delicious, and it contained the nutrients they would need to sustain their lives. But at some point, daily manna became too little for them. (Numbers 21:5) What does this mean for us? We must be careful not to overlook or disregard the spiritual food we receive. Instead, we should remember that the wisdom comes from Jehovah. We should also remember that Jehovah’s humility reflected carefully before changing his way of dealing with the wisdom. Furthermore, applying what we learn will help us to make good choices and gain eternal life.—Lod. 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

15. What can we do to show appreciation for the instruction we receive at our meetings?

16 Learn from other good ministers. Many of our brothers and sisters have been serving Jehovah for a long time, but they still struggle to respond well at meetings. What helps some of them? Sister Ashley, who has been serving Jehovah for over 30 years, says: “When I prepare for meetings, I can respond well. But if I’m not prepared, I can’t answer the question and my mind is distracted.” Brother József, who has been serving Jehovah for about 52 years, says: “I’m encouraged when we study a topic again because I’m learning new things and understanding things better.” He continues: “Even if a brother doesn’t listen to me, I try to focus my mind on what he is learning from God’s Word, not on his ability to answer.”

17 The following suggestions will help you to concentrate better at meetings. (1) If you eat before meetings,

16. What has helped some long-standing Jehovah’s Witnesses to be more disciplined at meetings? (See also the box entitled “Tips to Help You Be More Disciplined.”)

17. What can you do to be more attentive at meetings? (See picture.)

24 TABLET

Don’t eat too much, so that you don’t get tired. (2) Start the meeting well in advance so that you can concentrate. (3) Turn off your phone or electronic devices so that they don’t make a noise or distract you while the meeting is going on. (4) Before each talk, think about what the speaker might be talking about. (5) Keep your attention and eyes focused on the speaker. (6) Make short notes or note down things that will help you remember the key points. (7) Try to reflect on the key words and note how the key points were addressed. (8) Ask yourself, ‘Would I be able to use this to help someone in the congregation or in the morning service?’ (9) For both small and large meetings, consider in advance the theme of the day, the theme phrase, the various speeches on the agenda, and the scriptures from which the speeches are based. (10) Stand by and listen to the sermon or sermon video that will be recorded at the beginning of the meeting to prepare your mind.

YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH JEHOVAH

(Ps. 23:3; 31:3) We need Jehovah’s advice to walk the right path. Therefore, it is important that you make a commitment to “be attentive” in your meetings, and to apply what you learn. (Luke 8:18) If you do this, you will be happy now and will live forever, because that is the realm of those who obey Jehovah.—Ps. 119:2, 14.

18. Why should we continue to be calm in our meetings?

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ Why should we be attentive during the services?

■ What can the leaders of the congregation do to help the people attend the meetings?

■ What steps can you take to stay calm during the meetings?

HADZIDZI 87 Miva, Ne Miakpɔ Gbɔdzɔe

AGBEMEŊUTINYA

Jehovah’s Witnesses Serve in Cuba for 70 Years

ABE ALE SI GUSTAVO JOSEPH GBLƆE ENE

I was born in 1947 on the Caribbean island of Cuba, where the Atlantic Ocean meets the Caribbean Sea. I was the youngest of six children. My parents had two younger sisters. We lived in the village of Esmeralda.

I remember that we were in the summer in a small village. We were not far away from my father, my grandfather, my grandmother, and other relatives. We watched the food coming to us, and we were delighted.

When I was about five years old, Brother Walton Jones began studying the Bible with my parents. He was a local preacher, and he walked about six hours to get to our village. When he arrived, many of our villagers gathered at my grandmother’s house, and he studied the Bible with them for many hours. My parents, my younger brother Pedro, and my mother Ela enjoyed the study, and soon after, they were baptized as Jehovah’s Witnesses. My mother Ela is now 100 years old, but she is still a missionary in Cuba.

At that time, Jehovah’s Witnesses were able to hold meetings and to preach freely in Cuba. We were well known for preaching from door to door and for carrying Bibles in our hands. We were also known to be very joyful! I remember how joyfully we served Jehovah in those “good times.” But “evil times” were ahead.—2 Tim. 4:2.

HEY, MADEAMEDZIWO VA ĐO

When I was about five years old, my father and my sister went to the other side of the country to attend a Nutome Sue meeting. Unfortunately, they contracted typhoid fever. I remember that when they returned, my father was dead, but my sister was alive. She died at the age of 32.

After my father’s death, my mother decided that we should go to live with my brother and sister in Lombillo village. This meant that we would be away from my grandmother and grandfather and other close relatives we loved. But we continued to serve Jehovah.

I was baptized on August 26, 1957, in a village near Lombillo, when I was six years old. I didn’t realize that just two years later, things had changed for Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba. In 1959, the Communist regime came to power.

26 CONTACTS

The new government wanted more power for itself, so it decided to build a military. This made things difficult for us Jehovah’s Witnesses, because we didn’t travel, do astronomical observations, or build observatories. Immediately, the freedoms we enjoyed as a community were curtailed. The new government imposed restrictions on some of us. Hundreds of our faithful brothers and sisters were imprisoned; some of them were beaten and tortured. Sometimes, they used force or threats to intimidate the authorities, even though the Bible commands us not to do so.

(Heb. 10:25) We even hold meetings in farms and in other parts of the country. I remember one day a brother led us to a meeting in a huge sheepfold. We couldn’t even set up the fold or drive the sheep out. But the meeting continued: the actual sheep and the figures gathered together at one meeting!—Micah 2:12.

We were very grateful to the brothers and sisters who helped us to continue to accept the Bible’s teachings at that time. For example, they delivered conference addresses to brothers and sisters in different parts of the country. Sometimes, only two brothers and sisters were invited.

In the past, when I was a young man, I used to go to the meetings with my brothers and sisters, and I used to listen to the conference tapes. Since the meetings were held in the open, I sometimes heard loud noises and other noises. If there was no electricity in the place where we were holding the meetings, they would use a gas stove. A brother would stay on the stove and he would use a gas stove to provide us with the necessary electricity. This made it possible for us to listen to the conference tapes. While our circumstances were not the same, and we didn’t receive the same amount of Bible material as our brothers and sisters in other nations, we were always reminded of what the Bible says. We were delighted to serve Jehovah together.—Neh. 8:10.

MEVA ZU MOƉELA, SRÕŊUTSU KPLE VIFOFO

At the age of 18, I joined a missionary program in Florida. Four years later, I was assigned as a missionary in the province of Camagüey, where I met Emilia; a sister from Santiago de Cuba. Míeva was traveling, and within a year, we separated.

Emilia and I couldn’t afford to volunteer; but we wanted to give back to the community.

A. A Kingdom Ministry Meeting for Elders in Camagüey, Cuba, in 1966

B. Our roads, 1967

A-M_BAR_French (Belgium)

B

D 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000

D. I started working as a manager, in the 1990s

D. The first meeting we held in the country was in 1994 when the Constitution was introduced.

District Assembly TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

Ð

We decided to devote as much time as we could to the service of Jehovah. So I worked in the camp from 3 a.m. to 11 p.m. It wasn’t a happy change, but it helped me stay committed to the service, and Emilia and I were able to attend all the meetings.

In 1969, we had our first son, Gustavo. Around that time, the organization asked me to serve as a branch supervisor. At that time, in Cuba, it was customary for branch supervisors to have children. We didn’t have a lot of money, but we enjoyed it. Emilia and I saw it as a great opportunity to serve our brothers. We served as branch supervisors until the birth of our second son, Obed, then Abner, and a few years later, our daughter, Mahely.

When I look back at how Jehovah has blessed people during the years we served as ministers in Cuba, I am very impressed. I am also impressed by the efforts we made to help our children love him from the bottom of their hearts. Now let me tell you what life was like for Emilia and me during the years we served as ministers for you.

HOW WE USE OUR WORLD WIDE NETWORK TO PROMOTE OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

It wasn’t until the 1960s and 1970s that we realized how much damage had been done to our work. All the Kingdom Halls were destroyed. The country’s ambassadors were removed. Many of our young brothers were imprisoned. And so was our office in Havana.

Because of the work, we visited the churches only on weekends. We visited each church for two weekends. Most of the time, we brought only a small amount of money and some supplies so that we would not attract public attention. The elders did not take part in our visits to the church. We acted as if we were visiting family. It was easy. In fact, we pretended that we were visiting family, and sometimes we even wrote that we were doing volunteer work. (Mark 10:29, 30) However, we had to be careful. In the end, the police came after us and threatened to arrest us. And if they know who we are, they will also know who we are from.—Rom. 16:4.

28 TABLET

E

F

A

E. Emilia at the Embassy of Italy in Cuba, early 2000s.

A. The construction of a new prison, in 2012

F. Christian Couples’ Bible Study Day, 2013

Many of the brothers and sisters were very hospitable to us, even though they had little to eat. In some areas, there was a lack of food, but the brothers and sisters gave us the only food they had, so that we could eat well. Some brothers and sisters allowed us to come to their homes, even though they had only a small amount of food. Sometimes, we gave them food for us and the people we visited to eat.

When we went to church, we couldn’t take all of our children with us. We only took one of them, and the other two stayed with my brother and sister. It was very hard for us to take children with us. One day, the police came to investigate, but as we had only the baby’s birth certificates, they didn’t arrest us, because the police don’t investigate such things!

When I thought about the efforts Emilia made to help me with the children during my full-time service, I was surprised. In my childhood, I worked in the nursery while also serving as a nursery supervisor. What I usually did was, for a day or two in the afternoon, I worked in the nursery longer than I was supposed to so that I wouldn’t have to work at the end of the week. But then I was assigned to help with some of the staff’s shifts. And the arrangement was that I would work all day in the afternoon. I didn’t have to do anything about it. But I realized that if I let each employee do what they wanted to do on the weekend, I was doing my job. It seemed like my bosses never knew I was doing anything on the weekend!

YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING?

One day in 1994, the leading brothers in Cuba invited all 80 missionaries to a special meeting in Havana. We were delighted to finally meet after many years! At that meeting, the leading brothers discussed some of the changes that had taken place in our organization with us first. They presented a challenge to us, which made us angry. The brothers said that they wanted to give our names to the government officials!

They stated that they are working closely with government officials to ensure that the relationship between the government and Jehovah’s Witnesses is improved.

JUNE 2026 29

Members of the Cuba Aid Committee, 2013

The other Bethelites, especially my wife Emilia, helped me to focus. After a while, I was enjoying my time at Bethel, and I still am.

Emilia and I are now retired. But we are proud to say that when we think of all the brothers and sisters we have had the opportunity to meet, and with whom we have worked all these years. We are especially proud that our children, grandchildren, and grandparents are serving Jehovah. We feel like the young apostle John, who said: “I have no greater joy than this: that my brothers and sisters continue to walk in the truth.”—3 John 4.

Emilia and I have been serving at Bethel for nearly 30 years now, and we’ve tried to take care of our relatives despite deteriorating health and ageing. We’ve faced challenges in our years of service, but we’re proud to be serving “the joyful God” for nearly 70 years on this Cuban island!—1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1.

Me and my daughter and my wife were at a nutome sue meeting.

The officials demanded that the names of all the officers be given to them, so we all agreed to be given our names. This created a good relationship between the Witnesses and the officials.

As a result, we continue to preach publicly, despite the fact that the government does not recognize our organization as a religious organization. We believe that the government already knows the names of some of our missionaries, but they still need us to verify the information they have.

In September 1994, we were given permission to move back into the country, and it happened that the building we had been using for 20 years, which was taken from us, was the only one we were using.

Then, in 1996, the agency called Emilia and me by phone to serve at Bethel. It was a surprise for us. My parents told us that our two youngest sons were still with us at home, who we were supposed to take care of. The brothers looked at our situation kindly, and later they told us that they still wanted us to serve at Bethel. So we agreed, and we made preparations for me and the children to move to Havana.

To tell you the truth, it wasn’t like being at Bethel at the beginning. After many years as a traveling minister, my mind was still in the field. Co-working in an office wasn’t going to work for me.

30 BOOKMARKS

WHAT IS THE ORIGIN OF THE STARS?

What two situations was the apostle Paul referring to in Galatians 4:24?

■ After describing the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar, the apostle Paul says, “These are a parable of a strange thing; for they stand for two clouds.” (Gal. 4:22-24) We have said before that these two clouds stand for the old cloud and the new cloud. However, as we have seen, it is necessary to make a change. Paul’s words are therefore not about the new cloud, but rather about God’s promise to Abraham. Let us consider some of the reasons why Paul says these things.*

(Gal. 4:25) Hagar represents the covenant of the Law that God made with the Israelites at the Mount Sinai in 1513 A.D. (Ex. 19:5, 6) No sinful man could ever fully obey this Law, so the Law reminded the Jews of their guilt. It made them realize their need for a Messiah, the one God had appointed to bring salvation to mankind. By sacrificing his precious life, the Messiah opened the way for the redemption of all mankind from sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) Since Jesus fulfilled the purpose of the Law, the Law is no longer necessary.—Rom. 10:4.

Paul made a distinction between Hagar and Sarah. He described Sarah as a “free woman” who bore a child “according to the promise.” (Gal. 4:23) That promise was what God had promised Abraham. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) This promise was spoken of shortly before in Genesis 22:18: “All the nations of the earth shall rejoice in your [Abraham’s] seed, because you have obeyed my voice.”

(Gen. 3:15) Here we see that the “seed” that was prophesied would come from Abraham’s family. Paul says that Jesus Christ is a major part of this “seed.” However, he also says that the 144,000 who are “Christ’s,” are a part of the seed, and will reign with Jesus in the Kingdom of God. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) All who accept Jesus and obey him will receive many benefits from the promise God made to Abraham.

Why did Paul use ‘this illustration to show a strange thing’? Paul showed that if the Jews of his day continued to obey the Law of Moses, they would continue to be slaves like Hagar. But if they accepted Jesus Christ as the essential part of Abraham’s “seed,” they would be freed like Sarah. They would be freed from sin and death. (John 8:32-34) But if they did not accept Jesus, the very purpose of the Law, which was to lead them away from Christ, would be destroyed.

Most of the Galatians to whom Paul wrote these words were not Jews and had never even been under the Law. Unfortunately, however, some Jews in the church insisted that converts from the nations should obey the Law and that they should go to war against them. Paul therefore warned converts not to be “slaves” to the Law, because by accepting Christ they had become “free” through Christ.—Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

* This article was taken from the March 15, 2006 issue of The Gazette, pages 10-12.

JUNE 2026 31

BIBLE TEACHINGS FROM JEHOVAH’S WITNESSES

June 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 6 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena August 10-16 2

How to Be a Faithful Mother in Life’s Troubles

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena August 17-23 8

How to Build Friendship with Your Christian Brothers and Sisters

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena August 24-30 14

Na Gbeadzifuƒoƒo Ƒe Ɖoɖoa Naɖe Vi Na Wò

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena August 31–September 6 20

Ɖo To Nyuie Le Kpekpeawo Me

AGBEMEŊUTINYA 26

Jehovah’s Witnesses Serve in Cuba for 70 Years

THE 31 STARS OF GOD

WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS ABOUT YOU

2010-2011: A Year of Change

Many Bible readers know that some of Jesus' disciples were fishermen. (Mark 1:16-20) They used nets when they were fishing on the Sea of Galilee.

There are two kinds of floats: floats made of wood and floats made of metal. Floats made of wood and floats made of metal are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats. Floats made of wood and floats are called floats

(Luke 5:6) The Bible says of James and John that they were “cleaning their sheep.” It is unclear what they were doing. (Matt. 4:21) It seems that the fishermen cleaned their sheep every time they returned from the sea. Luke also says that the shepherds were “cleaning their sheep.” They did this in order to remove diseases and other debris from them. (Luke 5:2) The sheep were then washed and dried so that they would not grow again.—Ezek. 47:10.

Jesus instructed the men who used the hooks to carry the animals to be ‘masters.’

It is part of a worldwide Bible study program supported by voluntary donations. If you would like to contribute, please visit donate.jw.org.

The passages quoted in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website, or scan this badge

JW.ORG

w26.06-EW