JULY 2026

A BOOK FOR THE FAMILY OF JEHOVAH’S WITNESSES

HERE: SEPTEMBER 7–OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

HADZIDZI 88

Na Manya Wò Mɔwo

TADJIKISTAN

In this article, we will examine the example of the Gibeonites and how Jehovah reacted to them.

The Parable of the Two Gibeonites

“The Gibeonites made peace with Israel, and they were among them.”—JOS. 10:1.

Consider the following events. In 1473 A.D., the nation of Israel was about to take over the Promised Land. Jehovah had helped the Israelites conquer the cities of Jericho and Ai. But something unexpected happened. A group of foreigners came to settle in the land. The message they brought was that they wanted to make peace with the Israelites.

2 The Gibeonites were strangers. This is the first time the Bible mentions them, but it would not be the last time. The Bible records that the Gibeonites and the Israelites lived together for hundreds of years. We can learn many good things from the Gibeonites, and we can recognize Jehovah’s characteristics in the way he dealt with them.

BƆBƆ ƉOKUIWÒ EYE NÀWƆ NU LE XƆSE ME

3 The Gibeonites lived in the fortified city of Gibeon when the Israelites began to conquer the land of Canaan. “Four nations” existed in the land of Canaan and their inhabitants were “more numerous and stronger” than the Israelites. One of these nations were the Hivites, and one of their cities was Gibeon. (Deuteronomy 7:1) The Gibeonites were savages. (Josh. 10:2) The other Canaanite nations decided to make peace with the Israelites, but the Gibeonites did not find it necessary to make peace with the Israelites, because they had been given the land of Canaan.

1-2. Why is it important to learn from the Gibeonites?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did they want to make peace with Israel?

2

Joshua Makes Peace with the Gibeonites (See Picture 4)

(Exodus 34:11; Joshua 9:24) So when the Israelites captured Jericho and Ai, the Gibeonites sent ambassadors* to Joshua at Gilgal to make peace with him.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeonites believed Joshua to have conquered a vast land. They said they knew that the LORD God had given them victory over the Egyptians and the Amorites, kings Sihon and Og. The Gibeonites were so clever that they did not mention what happened to Jericho and Ai, because that would have shown Joshua that they had not conquered a “large land.” Joshua and the Israelite leaders accepted the Gibeonites’ conquest and made peace with them, but they did not pray to the LORD. (Josh. (Josh. 9:14, 15) Eventually the Israelite leaders realized that the Gibeonites had fooled them, but since they had already commanded the Gibeonites “in the name of the LORD, the God of Israel,” they acted on the cloud. (Josh. 9:16-19) The Gibeonites became “sacrificing and burning offerings for the altar and for the burning offerings of the LORD.”—Josh. 9:27.

5 The Amorites sent five thousand men to fight against Gibeon when they heard that the Gibeonites had made peace with Israel. The Gibeonites came to Joshua to ask him to take it for them. (Josh. 10:3-7) Joshua went before the Israelites to take it.

* This means that the twelve came from Gibeon and the Hivites from the three other cities of Kephirah, Beeroth, and Kiriath-Yearim.—Josh. 9:17.

4. (a) As described in Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites treat the Israelite leaders who made peace with them? (See also picture.) (b) What happened when Joshua learned that they had been treated badly?

5. How did the Gibeonites demonstrate their faith in Jehovah?

JULY 2026 3

The Gibeonites and Jehovah helped them overcome the plagues. Jehovah sent great plagues on the Amorite armies and they stood still until the Israelites overcame the plagues completely. (Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites showed that they trusted Jehovah when they made a treaty with Israel. And they showed that they trusted Jehovah to fulfill the promise He had made to His people.

(Numbers 33:51, 52) But when the Israelites made peace with the Gibeonites, Jehovah showed mercy to the Gibeonites and allowed them to live. Jehovah did this even though the Israelites had not agreed to make peace with the Gibeonites. Yet Jehovah helped the Israelites to do what they had promised the Gibeonites and took them back.—Josh. 9:26; 11:19.

(Ps. 40:4, 5) Also, like the Gibeonites, we need to be willing to do small tasks in Jehovah’s service. (Josh. 9:23, 27) Brother Luke, a young man serving at Bethel, recalled how one day a senior brother in Bethel volunteered to do a small task. Luke says: “I learned from my brother that humility isn’t just a feeling. It’s an attitude.” Like the Gibeonites, let us rely on Jehovah every day to help us in our struggles, and let us humble ourselves willingly to do whatever is needed in Jehovah’s organization. By doing so, we will show that we trust in Jehovah.

LET JEHOVAH DO WHAT HE WANTS YOU TO DO

8 The Bible speaks of the Gibeonites many centuries later, during the reign of King Saul. It happened that ‘Saul hated the Israelites and Judah’ and sent the Gibeonites who were in Israel to destroy them.* This resulted in many Gibeonites being killed. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) What a disaster! Saul had broken the peace that had existed between the Israelites and the Gibeonites for a long time.

9 Jehovah did not immediately forgive those who did evil to the Gibeonites. But when David became king of Israel, Jehovah wanted to remedy the matter, so he kept the land dry for three years. David wanted to find out what had happened and prayed to Jehovah. Jehovah knew that he was very angry with Saul and his house, because years later he had killed some of the Gibeonites, causing them to be angry.—2 Sam. 21:1.

* The Bible does not say why Saul did this evil. Some scholars suggest that it may have been because Saul hated foreigners and did not want them to be in Israel.

6. What do we learn from the way Jehovah dealt with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we learn from the humility and faith of the Gibeonites? (See also photo.)

8. What evil did King Saul do to the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah repent for the evil done to the Gibeonites?

4 CONTACTS

Be Humble Like the Gibeonites and Be Ready to Serve in the Church (See Figure 7)

10. Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. King David asks the Gibeonites what they want him to do to avenge the evil Saul has done to them. Will the Gibeonites take advantage of this opportunity to ask David to pay them a large ransom? Yes, they answer him that they will ‘not take a penny or a piece of silver,’ because under the Law of God, they would not pay ransom for a man who was doomed to die. (Numbers 35:30, 31) The Gibeonites also knew that the Law did not allow them to kill anyone, except the King. So David agreed to the Gibeonites’ request to kill Saul’s four sons who had helped to commit the evil. Eventually, Jehovah caused water to flow over the land and food to come for Israel. This made it clear that the solution was in Jehovah’s favor.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

In Jehovah’s time, he will put an end to the wrongdoing of his servants. This incident shows that just as he expected the Israelites to keep the peace they made with the Gibeonites, he also expects us to keep our promises.—Compare Amos 1:9.

12 In what ways can we follow the example of the Gibeonites? Even when a brother does something wrong to us, we should look to Jehovah for help. By doing so, we show that we trust that Jehovah will take care of the situation at the right time. Consider what happened to Sister Laura French. She served at the Canada Bethel in 1926. About six years later, something happened to her. It happened that some of the brothers who were working at the Bethel became believers and were expelled. Unfortunately, Sister French was also expelled, because they mistakenly assumed that she was a believer.

11 What does this incident tell us about Jehovah? It confirms that Jehovah is a God who always acts justly. (Ps. 37:28) Often, people do not treat people from other cultures fairly.

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, how did the Gibeonites demonstrate their respect for God’s Law?

11. What do we learn about Jehovah from this event?

12. How can we learn from the Gibeonites when they do evil to us?

JULY 2026

5

In 1940, Sister French was called to serve at Bethel. She was delighted. She served faithfully for 50 years until she retired from the earthly ministry. Like Sister French, when things go wrong with us, we should continue to do the right thing and trust that Jehovah will set things right at the right time.—Isa. 26:3, 4.

YOUR FAMILY IS GOD'S FAMILY

13 About 500 years after the reign of King David, the Gibeonites are again mentioned by name in the Bible. The 70-year Babylonian captivity of the Israelites ended in 537 A.D. Two divisions of the Jews returned from the Babylonian captivity to Jerusalem. The first division led by the ruler Zerubbabel. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Some time later, in 468 A.D., the second division led by Ezra the scribe. (Ezra 7:1-7) Between the two divisions were the “Nethinim.” (See the notes in Ezra 2:58 and 7:7.) Who were the Nethinim? "They were temple builders who were not Israelites," and many of them were probably descendants of the Gibeonites.—See Special References, "Netinim."

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 and following. It is remarkable that the “Temple servants” were also among the first descendants of the Israelites. The reason for this is that not all Jews voluntarily returned from exile. It is also true that many Jews were slaves and had good houses in Babylon, so some of them did not want to take advantage of the peace they found in Babylon to return to work in Jerusalem. However, the descendants of the Gibeonites and some faithful Jews wanted to return to the temple of Jehovah in Jerusalem, and they returned even though it was not easy for them. While the Jews in Israel owned land, the Gibeonites did not. Nevertheless, they voluntarily returned to serve Jehovah in the temple and helped to set up the Jerusalem pillars.—Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this tell us about Jehovah? It tells us that Jehovah loves and cares for his faithful servants. From the time when Jehovah took over the Gibeonites and the Israelites took over the Promised Land to the time when the Israelites were in Babylonian captivity for more than 1,000 years. Yet, Jehovah continued to save them. The descendants of the Gibeonites survived the destruction of Judah and Jerusalem in 607 A.D. After they returned from the captivity, they continued to perform the holy service with the Levites in the temple. That is, some of them moved away from the temple. (Ezra 2:70; Neh. 11:21) And because the work was being done for the temple, the king of Persia would not allow it to be destroyed.—Ezra 7:24.

16 In what ways can we learn from the Gibeonites? We too want to do our best to promote true worship.

13. Who were the “Nethinim,” and what did they do after their return from the Babylonian captivity?

14. How did the Gibeonites continue to serve Jehovah faithfully? (1 Chronicles 9:2 et seq.)

15. What does the story of the Gibeonites tell us about Jehovah?

16. How can we learn from the Gibeonites in our worship of Jehovah?

6 GB

We love Jehovah and want to follow his will, so we are encouraged to sacrifice ourselves while serving him. This is what Brother Alwin in the Philippines is doing. He is working in a large warehouse and the weather is fine. But he wants to do more in Jehovah’s service. So whenever the district minister visits their congregation, Alwin is on duty so he can do more preaching. Brother Alwin prayed a lot about the situation, and after a while, he decided to give up his job and take up a part-time job as a volunteer. He knew that he wouldn’t be able to afford it. But he found a job that made it possible for him to serve. He and his wife began volunteering, and they both helped 21 people to accept the truth. Jehovah certainly appreciates these men and women. We can also be confident that he will appreciate our sacrifices in his service and will continue to provide for our needs.—Matt. 6:33.

17 Jehovah’s dealings with the Gibeonites teach us a lot about his goodness. We see that Jehovah is merciful, compassionate, and faithful. He is always faithful to his faithful servants. We can learn a lot from the Gibeonites too. One of them is to have firm faith, and to trust that Jehovah will help us in difficult situations as he helped the Gibeonites. Wisdom will help us to be willing to do whatever work is given to us in the organization of Jehovah. We learned that we should be humble before Jehovah and trust that he will deal with every adversity in due time. However, let us continue to devote ourselves to serving Jehovah faithfully. Remember that we should remember the Gibeonites and learn from their example.

17. What did you learn from the Bible story of the Gibeonites?

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ How can we show humility and faith like the Gibeonites?

■ How can we learn from the Gibeonites when they do evil to us?

■ How can we continue to serve Jehovah faithfully like the Gibeonites?

HADZIDZI 148 Jehovah, Xɔnametɔ

SEPTEMBER 14-20, 2026

HADZIDZI 41 O God, My Prayer

When we are sad or depressed, meditating on the words of Isaiah can help us find comfort.

The Life of Isaiah Could Help You

“This is what Jehovah says:... ‘As the father goes to the son, so I will go to the father.’”—ISA. 66:12, 13.

If you have a child who is sad and is crying hehehe. Maybe the family is leaving for a new place and he is afraid to go away from his friends. Or maybe the child has done something bad that makes him feel bad. In such a situation, what does a mother who loves her child do? Give her a loving hug, ask her to tell you what is hurting her, and tell her that she loves her.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah compares himself to a loving father. He says: “As a father loves his children, so I will love you.” (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah loves us more than our parents love us. (Isa. 49:15) That’s why Jehovah uses his Word, the Bible, to strengthen and comfort us whenever we are stressed or depressed.—Rom. 15:4.

3 Jehovah has spoken many comforting words in Isaiah. (Isa. 40:1) Our loving Father inspired Isaiah to write this book to encourage the people of Judah in a difficult situation. As we are experiencing ‘difficult times of hardship,’ we too are in great need of comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let’s consider some of Isaiah’s passages; they can comfort and strengthen us in the following situations: (1) when things change suddenly in our lives, (2) when we are deeply convicted of a sin.

1-2. When we are sad or downcast, how does Jehovah help us?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

8

(3) when we are grieving the death of a loved one.

NE NUWO TRƆ KPATA LE MÍAGBE ME

9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) We may suddenly lose a job, face financial difficulties, or experience a disaster in our country. Or the organization may assign a full-time servant to a new assignment. These changes can be depressing or overwhelming. We may ask ourselves, ‘What should I do now?’ A young man named Joseph, who served at Bethel for about 17 years and was subsequently appointed to serve as a full-time minister, says: “I was afraid. Having served at Bethel for so many years, it was not easy for me to start a new life somewhere else. I don’t know how things will go for me.” When things suddenly change in our lives, what assurance does Jehovah give through Isaiah that will strengthen us?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. Jehovah has promised to take the blind in the parable to a place they do not know and to give them life. The words used in this verse, “blind,” “a place they do not know,” “life,” and “sliding,” describe how we can find ourselves when things suddenly change in our lives. It may seem to us that we are in a maze and do not know exactly where we are going. But Jehovah assures us that in every situation, he will guide us and will not abandon us. By his hand, he will bring us back to life.

4. How can we be confident when things change suddenly in our lives?

5. What promise does Jehovah give in Isaiah 42:16? (See picture.)

Even when things go wrong in your life, Jehovah will not abandon you (See slide 5)

‘I will not leave you in a poor state’

(Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) Also, we can rely on our fellow believers and others to help us. Even if we do not know how things will turn out in the future, we can be confident that Jehovah will help us now because he loves us and knows how we feel.—Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 Brother Joseph, who was mentioned earlier, described how Jehovah lovingly treated him and his wife after they left Bethel. He said: “We have seen how Jehovah has helped us in our changing tasks. He has relied on our dear brothers and sisters to help us. He has provided for our physical needs, and he continues to do so.” When things change suddenly in your life, trust that Jehovah will strengthen you and guide you. (Isa. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph continued: “One of our blessings says appropriately, ‘Do not worry about the future. I will rely on my great God.’ * Indeed, even if things don’t go as we expected, we know that Jehovah will help us.” —Alan.

NE MÍEBUA FƆ MÍA ƉOKUI VEVIE LE NU VÕ AƉE SI MÍEWƆ TA

7 If we have committed a great sin, and have reproached it to the elders, let them also reproach us.

* These questions were taken from the magazine article entitled “Know That Jehovah Is With You.”

6. When things change suddenly in our lives, how can we cope?

7. How do some people feel about themselves because of the sin they have committed?

28:13; James 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) But even if Jehovah forgives us, we may still feel guilty. We may ask ourselves, ‘Has Jehovah truly forgiven me?’ (2 Cor. 2:7) It may be difficult to put aside past sins and let them plague you for a long time. King David said: “I have no strength because of my transgressions. My spirit is feeble, and I am broken.” (Ps. 38:3, 8) If you feel this way because of a past sin, don’t lose heart. The book of Isaiah can help you.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah uses a metaphor to describe how he forgives our sins. He says that even if we forgive our sins “to a great extent,” he will “make them as dust.” It is not easy to forgive. Jehovah uses these words to assure us that if he forgives our sins, he will never remember them.

(2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Kings 9:4, 5) David remembered Jehovah’s righteousness, not his faults. Similarly, if we repent, Jehovah’s love for us will give us the strength to continue serving him with a pure conscience. But if we continue to criticize ourselves, what other encouragement do we find in Isaiah?

10 Read Isaiah 38:17 and footnote.

8-9. According to Isaiah 1:18, to what extent did Jehovah intervene?

10. What does Isaiah 38:17 mean to us?

10 GBETACROX

“You have taken away all my sins behind you”

Jehovah does not judge us on the basis of past sins (See enclosure 11)

The phrase “thou hast put away all my transgressions behind thy back” can be translated as “thou hast put away my sins from before thy face.” This passage speaks of Jehovah taking away the sins of a penitent sinner, where his eyes will not see them or he will not remember them. One textbook translates this phrase as: “Thou hast made [my sins] as though they had never been done.” So when Jehovah forgives our sins, it is as though we have not even committed the sin again. Jehovah will not rebuke us or pardon us for the sin that he has forgiven. Perhaps it is as though he has wiped it out altogether. He himself promised: “I will not remember your iniquities.” (Isa. 43:25) This is a heartwarming promise! If Jehovah, the Supreme Judge, does not remember our sins, then we too must forget them and stop blaming ourselves.

Don’t let the sins you committed in the past ruin your happiness.

11 Whenever our hearts are grieved because of a past sin, we should remember Jehovah’s comforts. Jehovah forgives completely. He does not take away from us our past sins, nor is he like wicked men who take advantage of us. (Isa. 57:16) It is not what we have done in the past that matters to Jehovah, but rather what we are doing now and who we are trying to become. (Isa. 55:7) This shows how much Jehovah loves us and is truly merciful! So we should never let our past sin disrupt our present happiness or our future prosperity.

11. What matters to Jehovah, regardless of the sins we have committed? (See also picture.)

JULY 2026 11

“Wò ame kukuwo agbɔ agbe”

The possibility that our loved ones will be resurrected will never disappear (See picture 14)

We shouldn’t stop serving Jehovah if he stops helping us.

NE MÍELE NU XAM LE MÍAƑE AME VEVI AƉE ƑE KU TA

12 When a loved one dies, it can be difficult to express our sorrow and grief. Sometimes we ask ourselves, ‘Why did Jehovah let our loved one die?’ Brother Michael, whose parents died after a fire destroyed their home, says: “My heart is broken, and I am touched by Jehovah’s decision to let the parents die. I know that it wasn’t him who killed them, but he didn’t let them die either.”

12. How do we sometimes feel when a loved one dies?

13. Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah has promised that “life will last forever.” Think about the time when life will not be here! You will never have to mourn the death of a loved one. (Isa. 35:10) You will never have to wait to see your loved one’s grave and be grieved. Instead, you can expect your loved one to be with you safe and sound. This is not an easy judgment, but a promise that will be fulfilled, because God, the only One who can fulfill it, has promised it.—Rev. 21:4, 5.

14. Read Isaiah 26:19. Not only will Jehovah bring back life, but he will also bring back to life our loved ones who have died.

13. What kind of good will Jehovah give us in Isaiah 25:8?

14. How do you feel about the hope of resurrection? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also picture.)

12 TAB

They are still in Jehovah’s mind. And in his time he will raise them up. Just as fire brings things back to life, Jehovah, who is the source of life, will bring back to life our loved ones who are dying. What a joy it will be for us to walk for our loved ones!—Compare Mark 5:42.

15 God’s promise to raise our loved ones from the dead may not take away our grief forever, but it’s comforting to know that Jehovah has not forgotten our loved ones who have died. Brother Michael, who was mentioned earlier, said: “The words in Isaiah 26:19 helped me understand that Jehovah loves parents. They are still in his heart, and he will continue to remember them until the time he raises them from the dead. It’s comforting and strengthening me.” Let us also focus on the time when we will be reunited with our loved ones. This will make our hearts rest in Him.

16 Here are some verses from the book of Isaiah that can comfort us when things change in our lives, when we are deeply remorseful over a sin we have committed, or when we are mourning the death of a loved one. It is heartening to know that Jehovah uses his Word to comfort us! (Ps. 94:19) Do you have a particular verse that comforts you when you are in trouble? Think about it when it comes to you, or write it down and keep it nearby. Let the words of Jehovah, our loving Father who is dying, continue to comfort you.

15. If a loved one dies, how does the hope of resurrection help us?

16. What are the words you use when you are in trouble?

PHOTO 9: A group of young men and women who left Bethel are serving in their new congregation and the brothers are praying for them. PHOTO 11: A young man is reflecting on his past sins and is seeking forgiveness in the Missionary Service School.

SHE HAS A GREAT FATHER...

■ Isaiah 42:16?

■ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

HADZIDZI 3 What Is Our Strength and Our Opportunity

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

HADZIDZI 12 Jehovah’s Word

In this article, we will examine what it means to know Jehovah, why we should strive to get to know him better, and how we can do so.

How to Help Yourself to Know Jehovah

“Do what your father did to God, and serve him with all your heart.”—1 CHRONICLES 28:9.

Have you ever thought about how infinite Jehovah’s wisdom is and how many wonderful things he has created? Our admiration for our Creator makes it hard for us to say no. Yet do you think like the apostle Paul, who said: “Oh, how infinite are the gifts and wisdom and knowledge of God! How inscrutable are his judgments, and how unfathomable his ways!”—Rom. 11:33, 34.

2 We can’t know everything about Jehovah, but we can get a glimpse of what he is like up to a certain point. King David told his son Solomon: “Be like the God of your father, and serve him with a whole heart... If you do, then you will belong to him.” (1 Chr. 28:9) In the first century, the apostle John reminded his fellow Christians that they had the power to ‘know the True One.’ (1 John 5:20) Jesus himself said that he helped people to ‘know the Father.’ —Matt. 11:27.

³ All of us who have committed ourselves to Jehovah have learned a lot about him. However, we should continue to learn more about him so that we can become more ‘like him.’ (John 17:3.) For example, let us continue to learn about the things he has done—

1. How do you feel when you contemplate the creations of Jehovah and his great wisdom?

2. Why are we confident that we can get to know Jehovah better?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

14

No matter how long we have served Jehovah, the answers to the following three questions will help us all: What does it mean to love Jehovah? Why should we continue to love Jehovah? And how can we learn to love Jehovah even more?

WHY DO YOU LOVE JEHOVAH?

4 Jehovah promised the Jews who returned from the Babylonian captivity: “I will teach them, and they will know that I am Jehovah.” This promise gives us an indication of what it means to know Jehovah. (Yer. 24:7) Obviously, these Jews already knew a lot about Jehovah. But in order to really know Jehovah, they needed to be taught about him. For example, if a person reads about love in my book, I don’t mean to say that he or she knows what love really is, unless someone else has given it to us.” He or she does not mean that God exists and that he or she is Jehovah alone. We need to know Who He or She Is.

5 As we become faithful to Jehovah, we experience both good and bad things. For example, consider King Josias. The Bible says of him: “In the sixtieth year of his reign, while he was still a boy, he walked in the ways of the God of his father David.” (2 Chr. 34:3) Josias not only learned about Jehovah, but he also did what he learned. Jehovah said through the prophet Jeremiah that Josias ‘offered sacrifices for righteousness’ and defended the poor and the poor. And Jehovah added: “Is not this my knowledge?”—Yer. 22:15, 16.

6 Read Psalm 9:10. The more we praise Jehovah, the more we depend on him. This was the case with the apostle Paul. Just before he was killed, he said: “Do not hold me in your hand, for I know whom I have accepted.” (2 Tim. 1:12) The things Paul learned about Jehovah and the things he chose in his life made him rely fully on God. The Bible Study Bible in this verse says: “Paulo was confident that Jehovah would remember his death and raise him from the dead.”

HOW CAN I BE A FRIEND OF JEHOVAH?

7 As we begin to serve Jehovah, we learn a lot about him. But as time goes by, it can happen that the fire in our hearts grows hotter. Why? Often, when we are reading the Bible for ourselves or in the meetings, we focus on how the advice will benefit us or how we will use it to benefit others. This is okay, because the Bible encourages us to do so. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) But there is something else, more important, that we should do. (Ps. 25:8-10) That is, we should focus on our Creator, the Author of the Bible. So when we read the Bible, it is important that we ask ourselves,

4. What does it mean to love Jehovah?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah about knowing Jehovah?

6. According to Psalm 9:10, how will we benefit from worshiping Jehovah?

7. What can happen if we have been serving Jehovah for a long time?

JULY 2026 15

‘What does this tell me about Jehovah God?’*

8 As we continue to praise Jehovah, our relationship with him will become closer. For example, what do you feel about Jehovah when you read the Bible, attend a service, or attend a conference? Often, it is Jehovah’s voice that speaks to us. Why? Because we have learned so much about him. And that makes us thank him a thousand times over. We feel in our hearts like the psalmist Asaph. As he reflected on how much Jehovah cared for him, he said: “God will continue to be my shelter, and my joy forever.” (Read Psalm 73:24-28.) Every effort we make to get closer to Jehovah will help us to value our friendship with him even more.

9 The Bible exhorts us to ‘look to Jehovah in all our ways.’ (Lod. 3:5, 6) This means reflecting on what we have learned about Jehovah and considering how he feels about our actions. This helps us to make good decisions. For example, some brothers keep a picture of their wife in front of them so that they can look at it repeatedly. It reminds them of how they love their wife. It also helps them to think about what would make their wife happy and to refrain from doing things that would make her grieve. Similarly, remembering our God and how much we love him will help us to make good decisions.

* See the New World Translation of the Bible section entitled “Some Verses in the Bible,” question 20.

8. What are the benefits of learning more about Jehovah? (Psalm 73:24-28)

9. How will it help us to look to Jehovah in every way? Explain.

If we do, it will help us to make good decisions.—Ps. 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah made us in his image, and that is why we can show his characteristics. (Genesis 1:26) As we learn more about Jehovah’s characteristics, we will learn how to do so. Jesus rebuked the scribes and Pharisees for failing to show the characteristics of the Word. Although they knew the details of the Law, “[they] neglected the most important things of the Law, which are righteousness and mercy and charity.” (Matt. 23:23) We should not be like those leaders. Instead, we will meditate on the laws and principles we learn from the Bible so that we can identify what it teaches us about Jehovah. Doing so will help us to manifest Jehovah’s qualities.—1 John 4:8, 11.

WHAT DOES JEHOVAH DO FOR YOU?

11 Who taught you about Jehovah for the first time? Maybe your parents, who are Jehovah’s servants. Maybe they told you stories from the Bible that showed you who God is and how he behaves. Or maybe a Jehovah’s Witness taught you the Bible. Maybe they used the book Look for Joy in Life Forever! to help you reflect on Bible stories. And they taught you how to recognize Jehovah’s characteristics in what he does.* (Neh. 8:8; Acts 14:17) Now let’s consider how you can learn more about Jehovah.

* See the book, Enjoy Life Forever!, chapter 7, paragraphs 5-7.

10. How do we benefit from learning about Jehovah’s qualities?

11. Who taught you about Jehovah for the first time?

16 TAB

Meditate on Creation to Get Closer to Jehovah (See Figure 15)

Continue to learn about Jehovah.

12 The first thing that will help you learn more about Jehovah is to study his Word, the Bible. Sometimes, the Bible speaks directly about God’s characteristics. (Exodus 34:6, 7) But more often, the Bible speaks about human actions and decisions.

13 Here’s an example of how you can do this. Let’s say you’re reading Jeremiah 38:6-13. You’re reading about Ebed-Melek the Ethiopian, who was a servant of the prophet Jeremiah. It’s easy to see how you can learn from Ebed-Melek’s love, dedication, and courage. What traits of Jehovah do you see in this story? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) So, what shows that Jehovah appreciates the efforts of his servants? What shows that Jehovah is a just judge? What shows that Jehovah is impartial? What other traits of Jehovah do you see in this story? As you read a passage of the Bible, try to identify the distinctive attributes of God in it and praise and thank Him for them.

14 A second way to help you learn more about Jehovah is to meditate on his works. (Ps. 145:9, 10) This does not mean merely looking at Jehovah’s creations, but rather doing the above. In fact, some people spend most of their time studying nature, but fail to recognize that God exists and that he is the creator of things! The apostle Paul said that God’s “aspects are clearly seen in the world, for they are manifest in the things that are in the heavens and on the earth.”

12-13. What can you learn about Jehovah from reading the Bible? Follow his example. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also the picture in the box.)

14. Why should we meditate on creation?

JULY 2026 17

(Rom. 1:20) One Bible translation translates this phrase as “a person who observes carefully is able to discern the qualities of God.” So whenever we observe a creation of our Creator Jehovah, we should observe carefully to discern his good qualities.

15 Some of our brothers and sisters live in cities, where nature is rare. But would it be interesting for them to learn about Jehovah’s creations? Yes, it would. Patrick, who lives in Brazzaville, Congo, says: “I used to sit on my porch and look at God’s creations. I often saw tiny creatures working hard to find food or shelter. One day I saw some of the neighbor’s pigs making a nice, full-fledged meal.” Patrick didn’t just ignore these things, but he began to think deeply about the Creator. She says: “I learned that Jehovah is a loving God who takes care of even the smallest of his creatures. It made me feel even more confident that he cares for me and always helps me with my needs.”

16 The third thing that will help you get to know Jehovah better is to reflect on what he has done for you. This is exactly what Jesus’ mother, Mary, did. She loved Jehovah God deeply and ‘God answered her.’ (Luke 1:30) One day, God appointed her to carry his Son.

15. What did Patrick do to get closer to Jehovah, and how can you follow his example? (See picture.)

16. What helped Mary, Jesus’ mother, to get to know Jehovah better, and how can we learn from her? (See picture.)

Reflect on what Jehovah has done for you to help you better understand him (See picture 16)

18 FOLDER

(Luke 1:46-55) Mary appreciated God’s help; so too do we when Jehovah helps us “in times of need.” (Heb. 4:16) So whenever Jehovah helps you, ask yourself: ‘What does this tell me about Jehovah? What is Jehovah’s character in what he has done for me?’

LET’S REST IN LOVE WITH JEHOVAH

17 Consider how much we will learn about Jehovah in the new world. A new book of records will be opened that will show us what Jehovah wants us to do. (Rev. 20:12) We will have a better understanding of his creation and, as a result, a better understanding of him. (Isa. 11:6-9) And as we witness what we have seen—for example, the resurrection of our loved ones and our full revival—we will glorify our loving Father in extraordinary ways.

18 We will never cease to learn about Jehovah. He is God from eternity to eternity, so “there is no end to his understanding.” (Ps. 90:2; 147:5) We hope to “know all the works of the true God from the beginning to the end.” (Heb. 3:11) Therefore, no matter how long we have served Jehovah, we should take every opportunity to learn more about our loving Father.

17-18. Why can we say that we will never stop learning about Jehovah?

PHOTOS INCLUDE: Ebed-Melek’s heart is broken when Jeremiah is taken into captivity. Axis 18: A depressed young man reflects on how Jehovah helped him to complete his duties during a difficult week.

WHAT DO YOU KNOW?

■ What Does It Mean to Love Jehovah?

■ Why Should We Increase Our Love for Jehovah?

■ How Can We Know Jehovah Better?

CHAPTER 28 Jehovah’s Friends

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

HADZIDZI 79

Míefiaa Nu Wo Be Woanɔ Te Sesĩe

TADJIKISTAN

In this article, we will learn how to help our Bible students learn about Jehovah, recognize his characteristics, and discern what is right and wrong with him.

Help People Know Jehovah

“This is eternal life, that they may know you, the only true God.”—JOHN 17:3.

WHEN YOUR Bible student attends the meetings, understands the answers, shares what he is learning, and eventually commits himself to doing Jehovah’s will, what do you say to yourself? No doubt you will be overjoyed! And we praise Jehovah, because he helps Bible students to advance in the truth.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John 3, 4.

2 God wants “all kinds of people to come to the knowledge of the true truth.” (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know him, both what he does and what he will do. (Yer. 9:24) That means having true knowledge. What does it mean to have “true knowledge”? It doesn’t just mean asking questions about God. A Bible scholar says that it’s important to learn things that “make a difference in your life.” When a Bible student comes to know Jehovah, what he learns has an impact on his life. And this enabled him to experience “eternal life.”—John 17:3.

3 Jehovah has given us a great opportunity to help people get to know him. In this article, we will consider the following questions: Why is it important for Bible students to get to know Jehovah better? How can we teach them who Jehovah is? And how can we help them do so?

1. How did you feel when a Bible student introduced you to Jehovah’s Witnesses?

2. What is Jehovah’s will for Bible students? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we discuss in this article?

20

How did they apply what they learned about Jehovah?

HOW WILL THE BIBLE HELP YOU FIND LOVE WITH JEHOVAH?

4 Jesus said that the greatest commandment is to love Jehovah with all our heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) In order for a Bible student to love Jehovah, he must first love him deeply. We want a Bible student to be baptized because he loves Jehovah, not because he wants to be close to us, become a friend of other Jehovah’s Witnesses, or be impressed by some of the Bible’s teachings. Therefore, our primary goal when studying the Bible with others should be to help them learn about and love Jehovah.

5 As a Bible student grows in love for Jehovah, he will be determined to obey him. Jesus said that a person who loves God will obey him, saying: “In order that the world may know that I love the Father, I am doing what the Father has commanded me to do.” (John 14:31) In this way, a Bible student who loves Jehovah sincerely will feel compelled to obey him fully.—1 John 5:3.

6 Often, Bible students who know Jehovah well are able to make good judgments. We can use his example: If a person wants to be a seafarer, it is not enough for him to learn the rules of seafaring or to write down his experiences. It is also important for him to learn from seafarer brothers how to sail and to sail himself for some time. This will help him learn how to sail in different weather conditions. In this way, in order for a student to know Jehovah well, it is not enough for him to study the Bible. It is also important for him to apply what he has learned in his life. By doing so, he will experience the benefits of applying the Bible’s principles. He will get to know Jehovah better. And as he sees how Jehovah is helping him, he will be able to make better decisions in every situation.

7 Jehovah carefully helped Joseph when Potiphar’s wife tried to marry him. It is certain that in Joseph’s childhood, he had heard the stories of Adam and Eve, and of Abraham and Sarah. (Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) These stories may have helped Joseph to see Jehovah’s mind about marriage and sex. Joseph knew Jehovah well enough to bear with Potiphar’s complaints and said to him: “How can I do this great evil and sin against God?” (Genesis 39:7-9) Joseph knew what was right and what was wrong with Jehovah. He knew that certain actions could offend God. That made sense to Joseph. As we help our Bible students get to know Jehovah better, they will get to know him better.

WHAT DOES THE BIBLE TEACH US ABOUT GOD?

8 How can you help your Bible student learn who Jehovah is? Jehovah asked Job five different questions to help him learn more about himself.

4. When teaching Bible students, what should be our goal? (Mark 12:30)

5. What will your Bible student do if he loves Jehovah?

6. How will your Bible student benefit from getting to know Jehovah better? Follow his example.

7. How did the presence of Jehovah help Joseph to be discerning?

8. How can you use the book, Enjoy Life Forever!, to help your student learn who Jehovah is?

JULY 2026 21

Behaviours That Help Students Become Better Men

There are a number of practices in Enjoy Life Forever! that have been revised to help students continue to glorify Jehovah. These include:

“What Does Jehovah Think of Those Who Spread the Good News?” (Lesson 21)

“What have you learned about Jehovah and Jesus that makes you confident that it is worthwhile to destroy these human governments and their rulers [at Armageddon]?” (Lesson 33)

“Would Jehovah be pleased with your wise response? Why did you respond in that way?” (Lesson 34)

“If we take a person who does not love Jehovah, how do you think Jehovah feels about himself?” (Lesson 42)

“What Does This Scripture Tell Us About Jehovah’s [Givenness]” (Lesson 56)

“How Does Jehovah’s Treatment of Sinners Reveal That He Is a Loving, Understanding, and Compassionate God?” (Lesson 57)

(Job 38:1–41:34) We, too, can use these questions in our teaching. The questions in See Joy in Life Forever! are designed to help your students learn more about Jehovah’s traits. (See the box entitled “Questions to Get Your Students Thinking.”) So use these questions to help your students learn more about who Jehovah is.

9 When we study the Bible with people, we encourage them to read the Bible daily.* How can we help them benefit from reading the Bible? We can encourage them, as they read a section of the Bible, to reflect on why Jehovah wrote that part of his Word, and to identify Jehovah’s characteristics in what they read. This is exactly the approach that the disciple James used when he studied Job. He saw that Job had endured many difficult circumstances, but he also learned from Job’s story that Jehovah’s love is compassionate and compassionate. —Read James 5:11.

10 We want our Bible students to see how each Bible story illustrates both what is right and what is wrong about Jehovah. For example, suppose your student sees the information box “Keep Reading the Bible” in the book Enjoy Life Forever! and tells you that he wants to read about Daniel.

* In Study 5 of the book Enjoy Life Forever!, students are encouraged to: “Use the ‘Keep Reading the Bible’ routine to help you keep reading the Bible.”

9-10. (a) What will help students benefit more from Bible reading? (James 5:11) (b) Explain how Bible stories can help students identify examples of what is right and wrong with Jehovah.

22 CONTACTS

Encourage your student to recall what he learned about Jehovah when he reads a Bible passage that is difficult for him to understand. (See picture 12-13.)

What can you do? You can encourage them to think about questions like these as they read: ‘Why did Jehovah take care of Daniel? What did Jehovah do in this story?’ (Dan. 6:10, 22) Students can also ask themselves: ‘What happened to the men who listened to Daniel? What did Jehovah not do in this story?’ (Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) Finally, they can think about other aspects of Jehovah that are evident in the story.—Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 It is encouraging when our Bible students find that what they are learning is helping them. But it is important to help them recognize that what they are learning comes from Jehovah, the Great Teacher. (Isa. 30:20, 21) Whether our students thank us for learning or praise us for our understanding, although these things are not detrimental, we should constantly remind them that it is Jehovah who is giving thanks and who will provide all happiness.

KPE ƉE NUSRƆ̃VIA ŊU WÒAWƆ NU SIWO WÒSRƆ̃ LA DZI

12 In order for true knowledge to benefit us, we must put what we learn into practice. So how can you help your student put what he learns into practice? First, teach your student that when he reads a passage of the Bible that is difficult for him to understand, he should recall what he learned about Jehovah. Perhaps he is reading about some of the events in the Bible and is surprised to see that Jehovah sent punishment to some people but showed compassion to others. If that happens, how can you help your student to think clearly?

13 Encourage your child to reflect on what he has learned about Jehovah.

11. How can we help our Bible students see that what they are learning comes from Jehovah?

12-13. How will Jehovah’s knowledge help a student who is struggling to understand a Bible story? (See picture.)

JULY 2026 23

3:9) What great things has Jehovah done to save us despite our sinfulness? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Does Jehovah forgive those who refuse to forgive? Or does he forgive those who refuse to forgive? (Ex. 34:6, 7) Sometimes, the Bible does not give us a detailed account of an event so that we cannot fully understand why Jehovah has acted in certain ways. And we do not always need to know every detail. We know our God, and we trust that he always does the right thing.

14 Another way to help your Bible student put into practice what he has learned about Jehovah is to encourage him to think about how Jehovah treats his people. Ask yourself: “What does Jehovah do to show that he loves all of his people?” (John 3:16) “How important is our unity to Jehovah?” (Ps. 133:1) “How does it please Jehovah if we maintain peace with our brothers and sisters?” (2 Cor. 13:11) Help your student see that it pleases Jehovah when we focus on our brothers’ strengths, not their weaknesses.

15 Finally, help your student to apply what he has learned about Jehovah when he is faced with an important decision. You may want to use Study Guide 35, “How to Make the Right Choice,” in Enjoy Life Forever! to help him. What if your student has followed your advice to pray about a decision but feels pressured to make it? Perhaps he knows many Bible principles, but doesn’t know which ones to apply in his situation. In that case, let him consider Jesus’ example. What does Jesus do to help him make the right decision? He said: “I always do what is right in [My] sight.” (Read John 8:29.) Ask yourself, ‘Based on my research and what I have learned about Jehovah, what decision will I make that will be right in his sight?’ Recognize that every decision that is right in Jehovah’s sight is the best decision.

14. How can you help your student if he or she finds it difficult to love a brother or sister?

Help Your Bible Student Learn How to Discuss With Jehovah (See page 15-16)

15-16. (a) How can a Bible student imitate Jesus when he needs to make a decision? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help her student make a good decision? (See picture.)

24 GΒΕΤΑΚΡΟΧΟ

16 A Bible student in Chile, Eva, needed to make a decision. Her family wanted her to accept a job that would earn her a lot of money, but she couldn’t afford to attend regularly. Marianne, her Bible teacher, says: “I encouraged her to think about what she wanted to do with her life. Would it please Jehovah or not? I encouraged her to pray earnestly about it and see how Jehovah would answer her prayer. I refused the job, and soon he found another job that allowed him to attend all the meetings.” Marianne didn’t take advantage of the students, but instead allowed them to share what they had learned about Jehovah. This helped the students get closer to Marianne, and most importantly, they grew in love with Jehovah. Marianne says: “[The students] realized that if we put Jehovah’s service first, he would love us.”

JEHOVAH WILL HELP YOUR FATHER AND MOTHER TO SEE THEIR CHILDREN

17 By studying the Bible with others, we help them learn many things about the Bible. For example, they learn about the nature of human beings, why Jesus died for us, and what the Kingdom will do. They learn about Jehovah’s organization, the way we conduct our services, the organization of elders, and the work of the Watch Tower. But we want our students to learn more than that. We want them to learn more about Jehovah.

18 What a great opportunity we have to tell people about Jehovah! Those who have come to know and serve Jehovah are enjoying true joy now. (Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, all who ‘know Jehovah, the truth,’ will enjoy eternal life. (1 John 5:20) But that is not the end. The Bible says that ‘Jehovah God loves’ all who come to know and love him. (1 Cor. 8:3) Yes, the Almighty God recognizes us and calls us his friends. What a great privilege it is to have come to know the one true God!

17. Besides the Bible truths we teach our students, what is the most important thing we want them to know?

18. What benefits are those who come to know Jehovah enjoying now, and what will they enjoy in the future?

PHOTO STORY Axis 24: As Marianne’s Bible study progresses, she discovers that she has a special gift.

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ Why should a Bible student get to know Jehovah better?

■ How Can We Help Our Bible Students Know Who Jehovah Is?

■ How can we help a Bible student apply what he has learned about Jehovah?

HADZIDZI 84 Míawɔ Geɖe

AGBEMEŊUTINYA

I Trust in Jehovah

ABE ALE SI KEN KIUCHI GBLƆE ENE

The opening of the Brooklyn Bethel library in New York City, U.S.A., was one of the most memorable moments of my life. As soon as I stepped onto the library floor, the noise of the library machines and the uninterrupted work of the staff filled the room.

Another thing that struck me deeply was the young men and women who served in the fire. Although their work was monotonous, they did it with joy. Their work was difficult, but their hearts were strong. I learned from their good examples what it means to serve God in humility.

As the years went by, Jehovah helped me to grow in my service to him. But first, let me tell you how I sought the truth when I was a Buddhist.

MEDI MAWU LE NYE ĐEVIME

I was born in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. I am the youngest of four children. My parents were Japanese immigrants who moved to Chicago to continue their life in the U.S.A., as was popular at the time. They wanted their children to have a good education and a good life.

My parents were Buddhist monks. There was a Buddha statue in our village. My two nieces and nephews were Buddhist monks. So Buddhism had a strong influence on me since I was a child. When I got home from school, the first thing I did was to give a few flowers to the Buddha statue in our village, and a cup of tea and water. On Easter Sundays, we visited the Buddhist temple and prayed before the older Buddha statue, which was covered with silver.

I remember that when I was about four years old, I was looking at my grandfather’s grave and asked myself: ‘Will I have a life after I die?’ Buddhism teaches us that we will live in a spiritual state after death. I was shocked that I would die one day. I would probably become a spirit, but I would not have a life as a human being. I was so sad! I immediately realized that I couldn’t do anything about the situation.

By the time I was about 15 years old, the Buddhist beliefs that I was following didn’t make any sense to me. I was looking for something in life that I hadn’t seen before. (Matt. 5:3)

26 CONTACTS

I wanted to understand. And I thought maybe the Bible would help me. So I bought a new King James Version Bible (Bible du roi Jacques). Maybe, but I didn’t find any Buddhist teachings in it!

When I was 17 years old, one day I was drinking tea and a brother named Wilson Bashou approached me. He asked me, “Do you know what God has promised to happen in the future?” That question prompted us to study the Bible. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 and asked, “What do the ‘many rivers’ represent?” I didn’t know anything about it. He gave me 15 verses, which stated that the rivers represented people. His example showed me that Jehovah’s Witnesses use the Bible, and it made a big impact on me. After Wilson left, he gave me the book The Truth That Will Save the World. A small letter changed my life.

Six weeks later, I attended my first meeting in the Kingdom Hall. I was amazed at how well I was received. Since then, I have not stopped attending meetings. Brother Wilson began studying the Bible with me. I enjoyed the study so much that sometimes, we stayed for up to eight hours! My parents were very upset, so they did not want me to continue studying. But I did not stop. As I grew older, I became more convinced that this was the truth. I was baptized in 1983.

MEDZUDZƆ YUNIVƐSITI VA WƆ MƆƉEƉEƉƆA

I was in college studying to be an architect when I was baptized. My parents sacrificed so much for me to be able to attend college. I didn’t want to go to college, but I wanted to give my best to serve Jehovah full-time.

When I was 16 years old, my parents decided that I should not go to college. They told me, “If you don’t go to college, you’ll never get a job!” I was shocked and sad. I loved my parents very much and I didn’t want to make them feel bad. So many times, I sat on my couch at night and prayed to Jehovah, “Please, help me to make a good decision.” Finally, I decided to leave college. I was 16 years old. So I called Wilson and told him what had happened. He promised to take me away. He took my stuff in one go and went to him. I remembered that my heart came back to me immediately. I saw that I was right.

I felt like a young man taken out of a prison! I was ready to be a full-time missionary. That’s why I started volunteering in 1984.

While doing my morning service, Jehovah helped me to develop some good qualities, one of which is courage. One morning, I couldn’t go to breakfast. I didn’t have anyone to go with me, which made me feel down. Nevertheless, I tried. After a few hours of breakfast, I decided to preach to a few people in a nursing home before I fell asleep. I was eating my breakfast alone, my heart pounding, and my voice sounding like water. I was thinking, ‘Should I stay, or should I go?’ As I was walking down the stairs to the third floor, I met a young woman from the Philippines. I said in my mind: ‘Every man is

Me and Wilson Bashou, who taught me the Bible

JULY 2026 | 27

I took people on a tour of the Brooklyn Library.

Me and Michiko Oda and her husband

I don’t know what to do with it.’ But I was shocked! She agreed to study the Bible with me, and she also became a Jehovah’s Witness.

HOW JEHOVAH HELPS YOU WITH BROOKLYN BETEL

After two years with Wilson, I was invited to serve at the Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. Just as I left, I was asked to work in the library. One day, while using a typewriter, I made a mistake that destroyed hundreds of papers. The brothers asked me to tell our library manager what had happened. I told him all about my mistakes, but there was one thing I didn’t do. The library manager said to me calmly, “It’s always good to forgive.” At that time, I learned that it was important to accept my mistake and say, “I forgive you.”

The good examples set by the elders of the Bethel family helped me understand what it means to serve others. One day, I and Brother Milton Henschel, who was then in the Service Department, sat at the same table to eat. That morning, we were crowded in the dining room, and the brothers who worked in the dining room were hard at work preparing the food. I and the other ladies at the table were arguing among ourselves that the food was not being served properly. Brother Henschel didn’t say a word, but stepped up from the table and helped the brothers clean the water jugs and the pots and pans. Such an example of selfless service is something I will never forget. It reminded me of how Jesus served his apostles.—John 13:3-5.

“DZE AGBAGBA NÀSRƆ̃ JAPANGE!”

In 1987, I was sent to Japan, and I was impressed by the willingness and dedication of the brothers. I wanted to help them, but the problem was that I didn’t speak Japanese. A sister at Bethel, Michiko Oda, looked at me and said: “Try to learn Japanese!” I did. I never knew that her words would change my life.

28 GBETAKROXƆ

A few years later, I was assigned to a Japanese-language congregation in New York City. As I learned Japanese, opportunities opened up for me to do more for Jehovah God. In 1989, I attended a Japanese-language convention in Los Angeles, California. It was the first time I had attended a convention in that language. At the convention, I met a missionary sister named Miwako Onami, who was among the actors, and her speech impressed me.

Miwako and I married in 1992, and we both had the opportunity to serve at the Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako was kind, caring, and always willing to help. Her good qualities helped me change the way I communicated with people. My wife, Miwako, is a gift from Jehovah. She makes my heart beat faster and I am always happy.

MÍESUBƆ LE JAPAN ALƆDZEDƆWƆMƆEA, EMEGBE LE GBEADZI

After some time, my brother and I became seriously ill, so the NGO gave us a grant and sent us to the Japanese Embassy, so that we could help them. We returned to Japan in 1999.

The Bethel community in Japan welcomed us warmly, and we were able to rebuild our lives there. The kindness and generosity of the Japanese brothers and sisters was remarkable, and following their example helped me develop my personality. They were not afraid to take on new tasks, and they were able to work in a multicultural environment. Where did this come from? Japanese culture encourages teamwork to achieve a common goal, rather than individual action to achieve one’s own goals. Their good example encouraged me to humble myself in working with others, and to appreciate the small part I was playing in fulfilling Jehovah’s overall purpose.

However, because things are different in my place, it was sometimes difficult for me to understand why people viewed things in a certain way. It was necessary for me to learn to be compassionate, and not to react with anger. Suddenly, I changed the way I viewed things. I saw that Jehovah can be compassionate—

Our Family

In other words, Jehovah makes things happen.

Often, I compare the way Jehovah turned to me at Bethel with the way he turned to the prophet Moses. Jehovah helped him learn to rest in his 40 years as a shepherd. Like Moses, I also stood up straight. That made me feel humbled and denied myself. But serving at Bethel taught me to humble myself and rely on Jehovah. The way Jehovah turned to Moses and turned away from him, so he is turning away from me as the years go by.

We looked after Miwako’s parents for 24 years until they died. During their illness, we visited them and the doctors who cared for them frequently; we travelled a lot; and sometimes we felt depressed. Miwako’s mother, Masako, became so ill that walking was no longer possible. It was difficult for Masako to attend community services or eat. In the weeks before she died, she needed to be in a nursing home.

JULY 2026 29

In spite of all these difficulties, Masako’s love for Jehovah did not wane. Whenever she taught the truth, she always had a smile on her face. Masako’s devotion to God and her courage and happiness in all circumstances impressed me, and I wanted to follow her example.

In 2024, a big change came to us. We were assigned to the morning. In May, we served at Bethel for more than 30 years. We are now full-time volunteers on the island of Okinawa, and we have the opportunity to witness to military forces in a place not far from us. The good training we received at Bethel helped us to adapt to this new task more easily. We made some good arrangements that we are trying to follow, and we are using our time in the best way so that we can devote ourselves to the ministry. Jehovah helped us to have Bible students and they became our companions. I have realized how much more important it is to love others now. My wife and I thank Jehovah every day for this blessing.

I THINK GOD WILL LET ME GET A STRONG RELATIONSHIP WITH HIM.

My brothers and sisters don’t stand by me now, but they have never served Jehovah with me. Jesus promised that Jehovah would repay those who forsake their brothers and sisters to become his disciples a hundred times now, in any case by giving them a greater brotherhood. (Mark 10:29, 30) This has happened to me. The number of brothers and sisters in the world who love and care for me is incalculable.

I still have Wilson’s Truth Letter with me to this day. Every time I receive it, I am reminded of the love that Jehovah has shown me for the truth. (1 Chr. 28:9) I am determined to continue to give Him an opportunity to turn me, and to help others learn the truth that leads to eternal life.

While I was working at the Japanese Embassy.

Miwako and I are living in Okinawa.

30 BOOKMARKS

Your House and Your Neighbors Are Burning!

HAS A FRIEND OR FAMILY MEMBER done something that upsets you? To prepare yourself and your loved one to continue to be friends, (1) take immediate action, and (2) do so with care.*

For example, suppose a person has a sore foot. The person needs to move the foot away from the sore so that the sore does not cause pain. But if the person does not move the foot away from the sore, the person will continue to feel the sore. The consequence is that the sore does not heal properly and does not function properly.

Just as it is necessary to heal the wounds of the past, it is also necessary to heal the wounds of our relationships with our fellow Christians. Otherwise, you will continue to grieve over the damage done to your friendship. You will continue to be angry with one another and your relationship will be damaged again. Jesus said: ‘Restore your relationship with that person.’ (Matt. 5:25) So, rely on your friend and discuss the issue honestly. Why can this be difficult? Consider two considerations.

First: It may make you want to withdraw from the dispute because the person from whom you are speaking is compelling to you.# Consider the two Christians, Ewo-dia and Sintike. It seems that they had a dispute and were unable to deal with it. It seems that the dispute had been going on for a long time and although the Apostle Paul was in Rome, he addressed the issue. He exhorted them to do whatever they could to be at peace. (Phil. 4:2) If they humble themselves, openly discuss the issue, and sincerely surrender to one another, they will continue to be loving.

Second: You may think that the fault lies with the other person, so that is what you should do. But the important thing is that you look at your relationship, not at who is wrong or who is right. For example, if a person has a stroke and the doctor is looking at him, the doctor will focus on how to make the person feel better, not on what exactly the person did before the stroke. In this way, when you are looking at the issue, you do not need to focus on who is right or wrong. Instead, you should focus on how you feel about each other and what you can do to improve your relationship.

So if you have a problem with a brother or sister, try to talk to him or her today, as you try to resolve the issue so that you do not become friends again. “Let us not depend on our own desires.” (Eph. 4:26) Once you have taken these steps to restore your relationship with your brother or sister, you will be thankful for the “five gifts of comfort” that make us one.—Eph. 4:1-3.

(Matt. 5:23, 24) In some difficult situations, we can ask for the help of elders. (Matt. 18:17) However, before a Christian seeks the help of elders, he or she should first follow the advice in Matthew 18:15, 16. If a brother or sister does something that upsets you but does not damage your friendship with him or her, you can put it to rest.—Prov. 26:20.

JULY 2026 31

BIBLE TEACHINGS FROM JEHOVAH’S WITNESSES

July 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 7 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena September 7-13 | 2

The Parable of the Two Gibeonites

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena September 14-20 | 8

The Life of Isaiah Could Help You

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena September 21-27 | 14

How to Help Yourself to Know Jehovah

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena September 28–October 4 | 20

Help People Know Jehovah

AGBEMEŊUTINYA | 26

I Trust in Jehovah

Your Family and Your Neighbors Are Dead! | 31

TE ESIA KPƆ

Ale Si Nàwɔ Wò Nyaŋuletsowo Natu Ame Ɖo

At our congregational meetings, we have the opportunity to speak words of encouragement to one another. (Heb. 10:24, 25) How can you make your words of encouragement inspiring?

• Pray to Jehovah. Ask him to help you with your resolutions, to uphold him, and to encourage others.—Ps. 35:18.

• Try to answer the questions in your own words rather than reading from the book. By answering the questions in your own words, you will be able to share your faith with others.

• Keep your answers short. Short answers will encourage others and give them the opportunity to respond.—Prov. 10:19.

• Use good judgment when making decisions. Do not use your decisions to judge or discredit a member of the community or a brother or sister.

Even if you don’t have the opportunity to answer, you can encourage others. Listen carefully as they answer, and praise them for their answers.—Prov. 10:21.

It is part of a worldwide Bible study program supported by voluntary donations. If you would like to contribute, please visit donate.jw.org.

The passages quoted in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website, or scan this badge

JW.ORG

w26.07-EW