SEPTEMBER 2026

A BOOK FOR THE WORLD OF JEHOVAH'S WITNESSES

NOVEMBER 2–DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOVEMBER 2-8, 2026

HADZIDZI 3

Let Us Have Strength And Let Us Have Opportunity

TADJIKISTAN

In this article, we will discuss why we can be confident that Jehovah will protect us both now and in the future.

Be Confident That Jehovah Will Protect You

“You said, ‘Jehovah is my servant.’”—Ps. 91:9.

We are at the beginning of the last days. And it is not a small, world-wide event. Jehovah commands the nations to do “what he has determined,” that is, to “give their kingdom to the evil beast,” represented by the Kingdom of the Seas.* (Rev. 17:17) Then, the evil beast, which has gained great power, and all the nations that have joined with it, will destroy all idolatry. (Rev. 17:16) This will be the beginning of the great tribulation. What will lead to it?

38:14-16) Why? The book, Jehovah’s Salvation Plan—Delivered to Us!, says: “Satan has been sent among the nations to deceive the true and pure people of the earth.” After that, a major event—the war of Armageddon—will take place. Jesus will lead the 144,000 and the holy ones to destroy the wicked and take possession of the ungodly. Satan’s world will be destroyed and we will begin a new life in the new world.—Rev. 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

3 Should we be afraid that Jesus and his followers will defeat Satan’s evil kingdom in the war of Armageddon?

* See “Questions from Readers” in the November 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

1-2. What are the next steps?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

2

Yes! Why? Because Jehovah has promised to look after us. That promise is found in Psalm 91:7, which says: “Thou shalt not be afraid of thousands, nor of thousands of thousands.” Now let’s examine Psalm 91 to find answers to the following questions: What kind of future does Jehovah promise his people? How does Jehovah look after us now? How will Jehovah look after us in the future? But first, let’s look at what Psalm 91 is about.

A PSALM FOR THE WORSHIPERS OF JEHOVAH

4 The key message of Psalm 91 is that Jehovah will take care of those who respond to him. This is made clear in verses 1 and 2. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Jehovah is the Almighty and the Savior, so we can rest assured that he will take care of us when we place ourselves under his protection. What could be worse? (Ruth 2:12; Ps. In Psalm 91:3-13, the psalmist uses reassuring words that give us confidence that Jehovah can provide for us in every situation.

5 From Psalm 91:14 onwards, the verses turn from the words of the psalm to Jehovah’s own words. Jehovah promises his servants that he will take care of them. (Read Psalm 91:14-16.) In these verses, Jehovah promises his people repeatedly that he will take care of them because they trust in him, call upon his name, and pray to him. We can rely fully on Jehovah because he fulfills all his promises. (Josh. 23:14) There is complete assurance that he will take care of his people, and there is no doubt about it!—Numbers 23:19.

6 Jehovah’s Spirit inspired the writer of Psalm 91 to encourage us to rely on him. (Rom. 15:4) The writer expressed his reliance on Jehovah’s protection when he said: “You are my refuge and my strength.” We can rely on Jehovah in the same way. (Ps. 91:2) What kind of protection does Jehovah promise his people?

WHAT IS GOD’S NAME IN PSALM 91?

7 We’ve seen in our publications that Psalm 91 is about how Jehovah takes care of us spiritually. We can be confident that Jehovah will provide everything we need to keep our relationship with him in order. But is this psalm only about spiritual care? Yes. Jehovah promises to take care of his people both physically and emotionally and to deliver them from their enemies. How do we know that this psalm is not only about spiritual care?

8 Satan quoted Psalm 91 when he visited Jesus. Jesus’ response gives us a glimpse of what this psalm is about. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.)

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 help us to rely on Jehovah’s protection?

5-6. (a) What assurance does Jehovah give in Psalm 91:14-16? (b) What can we rely on?

7. What kind of salvation does Jehovah promise in Psalm 91?

8-9. How did Jesus respond to Satan’s temptation, and what do we learn from this? (Matthew 4:5-7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 3

Satan drew Jesus’ attention to Psalm 91:11, 12, which suggested that God would look after Jesus physically, stating that when Jesus was taken out of the temple, the angels would ask for him. What did Jesus answer? Jesus did not say to Satan, ‘Woe to you, this psalm is not about looking after yourself physically.’ Instead, Jesus said to Satan, “Love not the Lord your God.” What can we learn from Jesus’ response?

3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) But Jesus knew that if he sacrificed himself and died in danger, he could not expect Jehovah to take care of him. So when Satan referred to Psalm 91 to suggest that God would take care of his servants in the flesh, he was right. But what was more troubling was that he asked Jesus to make a sacrifice to obey Jehovah. * The way Jesus answered Satan shows that Psalm 91 addresses Jehovah’s care in every way: spiritually, physically, and emotionally.

10 Jehovah’s promises in Psalm 91 encourage us. They give us confidence that Jehovah is our refuge and that he will take care of all who turn to him. Therefore, we should not be afraid of the terrible things that will happen in the world in the future. Now let’s consider how Jehovah looks after us now and how he will look after us in the future.

WHAT DOES JEHOVAH DO FOR US?

11 Jehovah takes care of us spiritually. This means that he helps us to avoid things that could damage our relationship with him. Jehovah knows how much sin affects us and how much we strive to do what is right in his sight. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) So he gives us a list of things that will help us to maintain a good relationship with him. Let’s consider some of them.

12 Jehovah’s Word. Jehovah warns us in the Bible about evil desires and how to control them. An example of this is found in Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.) Jesus was talking about a man “who looks at a woman and desires her.” Jesus said that a man has “already committed adultery with her in his heart.” What does this mean to us?

(James 1:14, 15) Therefore, if we want to avoid sexual desires, we need to follow Jesus’ advice. He said: “If your heart leads you astray, turn away and repent.” (Matt. 5:29) It is important that we avoid anything that could trigger sexual desires, just as it is important that we avoid fear. (Col. 4:6) 3:5) Following this advice will strengthen our relationship with Jehovah.

* We have previously stated that Psalm 91 refers to Jehovah’s promise to provide for His servants in the spirit, and that Satan was angry when he used this psalm to suggest that Jehovah would provide for His servants in the flesh. See The Watchtower December 1, 1974, p. 722 (in print).

10. Where are we?

11. How does Jehovah look after us spiritually?

12-13. How can we overcome evil desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

CONTACT

Jehovah uses His organization to reveal many things to us at the right time in order to provide for our spiritual needs.

(See Figure 15.)

(Luke 11:9-13) How can the holy spirit help us? The Apostle Paul said: “Walk in the spirit, and you will not fulfill the lust of the flesh.” (Gal. 5:16) The explanation that accompanies this verse in the Bible Study series says: “The one who walks in the spirit is guided by the Spirit of God and allows it to control his thoughts and actions. The Spirit of Jehovah does not give way to evil desires. But it can help us to be determined to do the right thing and to overcome evil desires, and this will be a spiritual opportunity for us.

15 His humility. Jehovah uses his humility to give us timely guidance and to take care of our spiritual needs. Consider: Because we are imperfect and sinful, we are sometimes afflicted with unhealthy emotions and thoughts.

14. How does the Holy Spirit help us?

15. How does Jehovah’s Organization care for us spiritually? (See also the pictures.)

SEPTEMBER 2026

5

“The devil” tries to play on these feelings to encourage us to stand up for ourselves. (Matt. 4:3; 6:13) God’s humility teaches us many things that help us to keep our confidence that Jehovah forgives our sins, takes care of us, and provides for our needs. (Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Have you ever read something in our publications that touched you so much that you said in your mind, ‘This is written for me’? Remember that Jehovah gives us these messages at the right time in order to provide us with spiritual comfort.

(Rev. 2:10; 6:9) But Satan doesn’t want to go into that fire. He’s so angry that he wants to destroy all of God’s faithful servants. (Matt. 24:9; Rev. 12:9-12) But that never happens! We trust that Jehovah is using his servants to look after his servants so that they will continue to serve him and preach the good news.—Heb. 1:7, 14.

17 Jehovah has given us many good advice in the Bible. By obeying his commandments, we will avoid harm to our bodies or health. This is one way in which Jehovah cares for us. (Deut. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) But we know that, as individuals, Jehovah does not tolerate every evil that can happen to us. If Jehovah cares for us in every way, Satan’s illusion that God’s servants repent to him because no harm happens to them seems to be true. (Job 1:10, 11) But we understand that the key message of the book, the warning about Jehovah’s name, is the reason why rebellious and wicked people are oppressing his servants. (Rom. 9:22) However, Jehovah will soon put an end to all the suffering of his people. Even now, he helps us to take courage in every difficult situation that comes to us, so that our relationship with him will remain strong.—1 Cor.

WHAT DOES JEHOVAH SAY ABOUT THIS?

18 Jehovah will continue to protect his people spiritually in the great tribulation. But what about physically? When nations come together to oppress Jehovah’s people, Jehovah will not allow them to prevail. (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Jehovah will send Jesus Christ and his followers to destroy his people and God’s enemies. This will be the beginning of the war of Armageddon. (Rev. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah protect his people in the war of Armageddon?

19 We should not fear the destruction that is coming upon this evil world in the war of Armageddon.

16. (a) Where did some of Jehovah’s servants go, and why? (b) Where are we now?

17. Why do we expect Jehovah to save us from every difficult situation now?

18. How will Jehovah look after his people in the future?

19-20. Why should we not be afraid when Jesus and his armies come to destroy God’s enemies in the war of Armageddon? (See also the picture in the box.)

6 CONTACTS

As Jesus and the angels prepare to take on God’s enemies in the war of Armageddon, not one of them will be left behind...At the end of the war, not one of God’s precious sheep will be left behind in the hands of either humans or demons.

Why should we not be afraid? Because we believe that Jehovah is our wiser and stronger than we are. Therefore, we are confident that when Jesus and his followers come together to take on God’s enemies in the war of Armageddon, not one of them will be left behind. (Yer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) During that war, not one of God’s precious sheep will be left in the hands of enemy forces, whether human or evil spirits.—Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

20 At Armageddon, it is likely that the word spoken by the Spirit of God to the prophet will be literally fulfilled: “A thousand shall come up against thee, and six thousand above thee; but thou shalt not be afraid. Perhaps thou shalt see it with thine eyes, and shalt see the end of the wicked. For thou hast said, ‘The LORD is my savior,’ and hast made Zephirah thy dwelling place.” (Ps. 91:7-9) When Armageddon is over, we can expect Jehovah to take care of his people physically, spiritually, and emotionally. Not only will he take care of them as a father, but he will also take care of individuals. Because you said, ‘Jehovah is my helper,’ he also promised that evil “will not overwhelm you.” So we should not be afraid of what the future holds. We are fully confident that as we continue to rely on Jehovah, he will take care of us.

PICTURE CONTENTS: In the war of Armageddon, Jesus and the angels will judge God’s people.

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ What kind of eternal life does Jehovah promise in Psalm 91?

■ How does Jehovah look after us today?

■ How will Jehovah look after us in the future?

HADZIDZI 8 Jehovahe Nye Míafe Sitsofe

NOVEMBER 9-15, 2026

CHAPTER 36 We’ll Wait Till We’re Dead

This article will help us to obey Jehovah wholeheartedly.

Ale Si Míana “Dzi Đoto” Nanɔ Mía Si

“Let thy servant’s heart be strong.”—1 PHI 3:9.

There are many reasons why people obey their leaders. Many do so to obey a law or to avoid criticism, or because they feel they are being watched over. In obedience to God, some do things to gain public approval. This is what religious leaders did when Jesus was on earth. (Matt. 23:5) But there is one reason why we obey Jehovah.

The Israelites obeyed the commands of Jehovah, even though this might have made the Egyptians angry.

(See figure 3)

(Exodus 12:5, 7) Then the angel of Jehovah would come down on the doorposts of the houses where the blood was poured and there would be no human or animal remains in those houses. But it was hard for the Israelites to obey. Why? Because the Egyptians regarded the sheep as sacred and worshipped it. So the Israelites were afraid that if the Egyptians saw them, they would kill them. (Exodus 8:25-27) However, the Israelites found it important to obey and to “do just as Jehovah had commanded them.” (Exodus 12:28) As a result, Jehovah looked after all their ancestors.

4 This is exactly the way the Israelites came out of Egypt. At first, Jehovah had them camp to the north of Mount Sinai, but then gave them a command that made them angry. He told them to turn to the east and camp in a place between the sea and the river. The place where Jehovah would camp them at Mount Sinai would be shallow and Pharaoh’s armies would be able to get on them easily. In this case, the Israelites obeyed the word that Jehovah had spoken to Moses. (Exodus 14:1-4) But when the Israelites saw the Egyptian army coming, they ‘worried’ and told Moses that he was leading them to the sea to die! (Exodus 14:5-11) Why did the Israelites rely on Jehovah? And how did Jehovah react to their behavior?

5 The Bible says that at Mount Sinai, the Israelites “did not appreciate the wonders that Jehovah had done” in Egypt; they “remembered not” his many mercies. (Read Psalm 106:7.) Although they witnessed how Jehovah treated their ancestors when he brought floods on the Egyptians, they failed to recognize the greatness of his love for them in that event, and they believed that he would not be able to save them. Jehovah recognized the state of their hearts and said that “they cried... at Mount Sinai.” Although they followed Moses to Mount Sinai, they did not change their ways. After some time, Jehovah spoke out against that generation and did not allow them to enter the Promised Land. (Ps. 106:21, 24-26) What does that mean for us?

4. What was the spiritual relationship between Jehovah and the Israelites?

5. Why did Jehovah not take pleasure in the Israelites at Mount Fuji? (Psalm 106:7)

SEPTEMBER 2026

9

THE STREETS OF ISRAEL-VIWO’S LIFE

6 The history of the Israelites teaches us that it is important to consider why we rely on Jehovah and on those whom he uses to take our place. For example, we should ask ourselves, ‘Do I rely on Jehovah when I see that he will do something good for me?’ This means that some of the Israelites relied on their sacrifices only so that they would not die before their predecessors. We may ask ourselves, ‘Will I obey Jehovah even if others refuse to obey me or are angry with me?’ When the Israelites were in Egypt, Jehovah commanded “the Egyptians to subdue the people.” (Exodus 12:36) But later, when the Egyptians pushed them and were angry, they were unable to respond to Jehovah, and they rebelled. (Exodus 14:10-12) We should not be like the Israelites. Rather, we should rely on Jehovah and on those he has appointed to lead us. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) We should be willing to obey any injunction given to us, even if we do not understand the reasons for it or if it would upset those who do not love Jehovah. What will help us to avoid making the same mistake as the Israelites, and how can we maintain a steadfast heart?

7 Let your love for Jehovah flourish. As we learn from Jehovah’s humility, it may be difficult for us to marry if we feel that it is unprofitable or that it will make things difficult for us. If we feel this way, we should remember that we have chosen to marry because we love Jehovah. (1 John 5:3) If we truly love Jehovah, we will repent. However, let us be prepared that it may take time for us to see the benefits of our obedience.—Heb. 7:8; Micah 7:7.

8 Yes, many of our brothers and sisters set a good example; they are willing to obey the instructions even if they don’t understand the reasons why they were given them. For example, during the coronavirus pandemic, the Watch Tower Society instructed congregations to conduct meetings by video link. One elder in Peru said: “At first, I thought it would be hard for the brothers and sisters in my neighborhood to conduct meetings by video link.” Although he didn’t fully understand the instructions, he continued to obey and trusted God. (Lod. 3:5, 6) What was the result? He said: “I saw how Jehovah guides us when we obey. Consider this example. In 2020, Jehovah’s Witnesses implemented a major change in their congregations and relationships with parents. When a sister in Japan learned that her dependent father was going to be divorced, she said: “I wanted to stick to the changes and not let my heart tell me anything. I knew that this change would be beneficial.”

9 Be prepared for the weather. We need to be prepared so that we can continue to preach if we are persecuted. In many countries, governments do not allow preaching. But we need to have courage before we can speak God’s word.

6. What will we do if we rely fully on Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:4)

7. How do we benefit from showing our love for Jehovah?

8. How do brothers and sisters decide to obey?

9. What can we do now to continue to obey when we are persecuted? (See picture.)

10 CONTACTS

The good news of the Kingdom, because we preach that God will destroy this evil world. We will continue to preach this message until this world is destroyed at Armageddon. (Matt. 24:14) However, during the Great Tribulation, the message we preach may be difficult for people to understand, and they will need to change their minds if they are to belong to the Kingdom of God or lose it. We will preach to those who hate Jehovah as a “speaking of wrath.” * (Rev. 16:21) It is not unlikely that they will be angry with Jehovah’s people as Pharaoh was angry at the Flood. We can prepare for future challenges by obeying the command to preach even when people don’t treat us well now.

SRÕ FIA YEHOSAFAT EYE NÀÐO TO JEHOVAH

10 The Bible tells us about men and women who turned to Jehovah. One of them was King Jehoshaphat of Judah. He was ruling when three nations came to attack Judah. It is clear that he was praying for Jehoshaphat and his people. (2 Chr. 20:1-3) Although he was praying, he was careful. Now let us see how Jehoshaphat turned to Jehovah and how we can learn from him.

19:3) When his enemies turned against him, he knew that only Jehovah could help him in his difficult situation. So he decided to let Jehovah guide him and was happy to do what he was told. So he prayed sincerely to Jehovah for help. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) When we are in trouble, we should follow his example. We can pray, in silence, for Jehovah’s guidance, and resolve to follow that guidance.

* See “Questions from Readers” in the August 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

10. How did King Jehoshaphat feel when three nations threatened to attack Judah?

11. What did Jehoshaphat do after the sacrifice? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

Taking action now will help us prepare for the climate of the future (See Figure 9).

11

Submissive leaders rely on Jehovah, humility, and other leaders.

(See Figure 16.)

Let us trust that he will help us.—Ps. 119:112.

12 Continue to learn more from the Bible. The words of Jehoshaphat’s prayer show that he knew a lot about what Jehovah had done in the past. He knew that Jehovah was fulfilling his promise to Abraham that he would give a good land to his descendants. (Gen. 12:7) Jehoshaphat’s words were in opposition to Solomon’s prayer regarding the temple. (2 Chr. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) What Jehoshaphat knew about Jehovah helped him to put his trust in him and to be determined to do what he said. (Matt. 13:52) By doing so, we will be determined to obey Jehovah even in difficult circumstances.

13 Humble Yourself. As we learned from the example of Jehoshaphat, he was a humble man. He was a king with many servants, but he did not use his power to help the poor. Instead, his humiliation in front of his people showed that he recognized their need for God’s help. (2 Chr. 20:12) Because the king humbled himself, it was easier for him to immediately obey Jehovah’s commands. If we humble ourselves, it will help us to be willing to submit to Jehovah.—Phil. 2:5, 8.

14 Consider the impact your actions will have on others. Jehovah answered the prayers of Jehoshaphat. He sent the prophet Yahaziel to tell him what he should do. Yahaziel told the people that they were not ready for the flood. He said to them: “Stay where you are, and see how Jehovah will deal with you.” The Bible says that Jehoshaphat immediately “bowed down.” All the people “bowed down … and worshiped Jehovah.” The next day after the flood ended, the king encouraged the people, “Listen to Jehovah your God” and “Listen to the prophets.”—2 Chr. 20:14-20.

12. What will help us to remain determined to obey Jehovah?

13. What are the benefits of humbling ourselves?

14. What did Jehoshaphat do when Jehovah spoke to him through a prophet?

12 TAB

15 King Jehoshaphat showed great faith when he instructed the elders to “preach praise” to Jehovah. (2 Chr. 20:21) Before doing so, he “listened to the people.” What a great example he set by encouraging the people to rely on Jehovah! Because they believed and relied on him, he rewarded them by making them stronger than their enemies.—2 Chr. 20:22-24.

16 Elders, parents, and other leaders can learn from the example of Jehoshaphat. His willingness to obey had a positive impact on his children. He acted like King Solomon. While remaining faithful to Jehovah, Solomon needed to be willing to judge and administer justice to the people as Jehovah desired. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Jehoshaphat submitted himself to Jehovah’s prophet. Before he departed, he made peace with the people. He encouraged them to obey Jehovah and follow his commandments. Self-submissive elders learn from the example of Jehoshaphat. They take guidance from God’s Word and our publications, and they use counsel and other authority to make their decisions. (1 Cor. 15:22) They demonstrate by their behavior that they are willing to obey the organization’s guidelines, and they encourage their brothers and sisters to do the same. When parents are willing to obey, they set a good example for their children.—1 Cor. 1:8; 14:1.

17 We can be confident that if we rely on Jehovah wholeheartedly, he will help us and guide us in every situation. He will show us the way, just as he did in the past. Even if we sometimes don’t understand the reasons for some of his instructions, we shouldn’t be discouraged. Jehovah’s wisdom and ways are ahead of ours. (Isa. 55:9) All we need to do is to continue to rely on him wholeheartedly.

15. What did Jehoshaphat do to show that he trusted Jehovah?

16. What can elders, parents, and leading brothers learn from Jehoshaphat? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also photo.)

17. Why should we always rely on the will of Jehovah?

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ What do we learn from what happened to the Israelites during the slavery in Egypt?

■ How did Jehoshaphat show that he ‘obeyed from his heart’?

■ What did you learn from the good example of Jehoshaphat?

HADZIDZI 88

Na Manya Wò Mɔwo

NOVEMBER 16-22, 2026

HADZIDZI 84 Míawɔ Geɖe

In this article, we will see how the prophecy in Zechariah 8:23 is being fulfilled, and how Jehovah’s people are striving to spread the good news in every language.

Jehovah’s Witnesses Write to “All the Languages of the Nations”

“Six men out of all the tongues of the nations shall be of the stock of one Jew.”—ZAC. 8:23.

(Gen. 11:6-9) But Jehovah says that his purpose is to gather a “great multitude” of people “from every nation, tribe, people, and tongue” to survive the great tribulation in the new world. (Rev. 7:9, 10, 14) How will the people of different languages call upon Jehovah’s name in the great tribulation if no one preaches to them? (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) So it’s a great opportunity for us to help people spread the good news in their own languages so that they may come to trust Jehovah and be saved!

2 Hundreds of years before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, Jehovah’s Spirit inspired the prophet Zechariah to prophesy that “many nations will be joined to Jehovah, and they will become [one] nation.” (Zech. 2:11) Then Zechariah prophesied: “Thus says Jehovah of hosts: ‘In those days six men from all the languages of the nations will take up the staff of one man of Judah, saying, ‘Let us go up with you, for we know that God is with you.’” (Zech.

1. Why is it important to preach the good news to people in their own languages? (Romans 10:13, 14) 2. What did the Spirit of God predict to the prophet Zechariah?

14

This prophecy is being fulfilled in our day. Let us consider how each of us can contribute to the fulfillment of this prophecy.

THE WORDS ARE IN ‘THE BOOKS’ SECTION OF THE CENTER’S WEB SITE.

3 The “Jews” referred to in Zechariah’s prophecy represent the people on whom God will pour out his holy spirit. These people are called “the God of Israel.” (Gal. 6:16) They will reign as kings after Jesus’ resurrection. (Heb. 3:1) The “six people” represent Jehovah’s servants who are looking forward to eternal life in a paradise on earth. These people are a diverse group of people from different nations.

4 In 1919, Christ appointed a group of “true and wise servants.” These brothers recognized that the good news needed to be preached to all nations, and that this required the translation of the Bible message into many languages. (Matt. 24:45) At that time, the Bible Students were already showing the “Photo-Drama of Creation” to people in many countries, but the true servants saw the need to do more. For example, the Bible study book entitled God’s Kingdom was published in 1921, and it was translated into 36 languages. In 1935, a faithful servant realized that a “great man” would live forever on earth, and that would be a tremendous achievement. It so happened that during those years, Jehovah set up a worldwide preaching effort to fulfill Zechariah’s prophecy.

“WÒ DUKƆ ATSƆ WO ƉOKUIWO ANA FAA”

5 As the good news continued to spread, we discovered many good-hearted people in different languages. As the Bible foretold, people from all parts of the world were drawn to the good news and eager to serve Jehovah. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) To help all of them, God’s people “voluntarily” take part in the preaching work. Not only are our books translated into different languages, but they are also translated and distributed to all parts of the world. (Ps. 68:11; 110:3) In addition, computer scientists and technicians have turned to resources such as jw.org and JW Library®, which help people in many languages learn more about the Bible.

6 The spiritual nourishment given to us by the faithful and wise servant benefits people of all nations and languages. One way in which they show their appreciation for that spiritual nourishment is by contributing to the worldwide preaching work. This enables us to translate our publications into more than 1,100 languages, and every year hundreds of thousands of people are baptized.

7 Other Resources for Jehovah’s Witnesses

3. Who is represented by the “Jew” and who is represented by the “six”?

4. What happened after Jesus appointed the “good and wise servant” in 1919?

5-6. How is the prophecy in Isaiah 2:2-4 being fulfilled today? (See picture.)

7. What influence does the fulfillment of the prophecy in Revelation 14:6 have on us?

SEPTEMBER 2026 15

The spirit of craftsmanship and craftsmanship has benefited people of all nations and languages.

(See figures 5-6)

God’s people help us preach “the eternal good news to every nation and tribe and tongue and people.” (Read Revelation 14:6.) As we see the prophecies of Zechariah and Revelation come true, we take Bible prophecies more seriously, and we are confident that Jehovah is using this humility to spread the good news throughout the world.

NU ÐEDZESI AÐE SI WƆM YEHOWA LE EGBEA

8 On the day of Pentecost in 33 C.E., Jehovah did something extraordinary. He caused Jesus’ disciples in Jerusalem to change dramatically. (Acts 2:4-10) Why did he do this? At that time, people from all over the world came to the temple in Jerusalem to worship, and Jehovah wanted the good news to be preached in their own languages. (Acts 2:11) Indeed, because our publications are in different languages, we are able to help people of other languages learn about Jehovah.

9 It is important that people hear the good news in the language they speak. Consider this example: Let’s say a person travels abroad and has a serious illness and needs to go to the hospital. If he does not speak the language of the country, someone needs to explain to him what the doctor is telling him to do. Similarly, today, many people are in dire need and need comfort and guidance. What helps them is in the Bible.

8. What happened on the day of Pentecost in AD 33?

9. How can we help foreigners to spread the good news?

16 TAB

We have a variety of resources available to help people experience the life-changing messages of the Bible in their own language. These include videos, audio books, and online resources.

10 How can we use our publications and the JW Library app to preach to people in other languages? Consider the experience of Brother Robert, an English-speaking missionary. One day, while preaching at a train station, he met a man from Turkey who was a railway worker. The man didn’t speak English, but he accepted a booklet called The Word from God! in Turkish. Because Robert knew the contents of the booklet well, he was able to pick up passages for him to read in their language. The woman asked a variety of questions about world events, and Robert used JW Library to show her the Bible answers in Turkish. “It’s like you know our language,” he said, quoting the man. Robert later said, “The man and I became like brothers and sisters. During our time together, I saw that he appreciated the Bible’s message more and learned more from it.” It’s a great opportunity for us to help good-hearted people read the Bible in their own language!

11 Even if we only show someone a tract or a page from jw.org in their own language, it can be very beneficial. So, if you meet someone who does not speak your language, be prepared to use these methods of witnessing.

10-11. What did you learn from Brother Robert’s experience and from the section entitled “The Opportunity That Changed My Life”?

Lub Neej hom thub Qab Ntut Tshiab Yajab Tsayods

Access Denied to a Server

A woman named Youa had many difficulties in her life. She needed to move to the United States. She speaks Hmong, but does not speak English. Her husband did not allow her to read any books, not even the Bible. Youa says: “I was always sad and depressed.” One day, an English-speaking sister gave her a tract entitled Life in the Kingdom of God in Hmong. As Youa read the tract, she found God’s promises about the future in the Bible. She never understood the words. The words made a difference to her and gave her hope that things would be better in the future. She hid the tract among her belongings. She continued to read. Eventually, one of Youa’s daughters accepted the truth and took her to a Hmong-language meeting. Jehovah’s Witnesses studied the Bible with Youa and eventually, she also joined the brothers in serving Jehovah.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17

GET TO KNOW JEHOVAH’S WORD WITH THIS BOOK

12 The work of translators is beneficial to us all. Since the beginning of time, translators have worked hard to translate the Bible into different languages so that more people can read God’s Word in their own language.* Today, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has been translated into many languages and is helping Jehovah’s servants around the world to learn the truth of God’s Word. Consider what a senior minister in Nepal said about the translation. He said: “When I read this Bible in my own language, it feels like Jehovah is speaking to me. The New World Translation has been translated in more than 300 languages, in whole or in part. It is accurate in its interpretation, simple in its language, and reveals the truth about Jehovah. This is one of the reasons why Jehovah’s Witnesses around the world are united in their beliefs and teachings. (1 Cor. 1:10) However, other positive aspects of the New World Translation have been noted.

13 The name of God, Jehovah, does not appear in most Bible translations today, but it appears thousands of times in the New World Translation. More than a century ago, you would find God’s name in many Bibles, especially the Hebrew Scriptures. Yet today, religious leaders who claim to be God’s representatives do not use God’s name, and they do not want people to use it. For example, Catholic leaders have removed God’s name from their Bibles and other books.* Many other churches have also removed God’s name from their Bible translations. In the New World Translation, however, translators have repeated God’s name everywhere it appears in the first books of the Bible. So you will find God’s name in every New World Translation. Let’s see why this is important.

14 The Bible expresses the importance of using God’s name in a variety of ways. For example, in Psalm 135:1, the worshippers are encouraged to “praise the name of Jehovah.” When Jesus taught his disciples how to pray to Jehovah, he instructed them to say: “Let your name be praised.” Later, in prayer to his Father, Jesus said: “Let your name be praised.” (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) Both the apostle Paul and the prophet Joel said: “Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be praised.” —Rom. 10:13) Those who use Bible translations that translate God’s name will not be able to accommodate these variations.

* The Hebrew Bible was first translated into Greek in 150 A.D.

* In 2008, the Roman Catholic leader, Pope Benedict XVI, said that no one should “use” God’s name in Catholic worship, rites, or prayers, nor should they “invoke His name.” See The Watchtower, October 1, 1997, pp. 16-18, also pages 4-8.

12. How is the New World Translation benefiting Jehovah’s Witnesses?

13. Why does God’s name not appear in many Bibles today?

14. According to the Bible, why is it important to use God’s name?

18 FOLDER

15 Most Jehovah’s Witnesses read the New World Translation of the Bible in the language in which they read it. This translation helps them to learn the truth about Jehovah, which leads to love and devotion to him.—Deuteronomy 18:10; Isaiah 56:6.

16 The Bible foretells that soon Jehovah will come upon “the poor of the whole earth.” (Rev. 16:14) At that time, Jehovah will take care of those who know him and dedicate themselves to praising his name. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3) But those who do not believe in Jehovah and refuse to obey him will eventually know that he is the Almighty God when he comes upon them. Jehovah himself says: “I will magnify myself, I will exalt myself, and I will make myself known in the sight of many nations; and they will know that I am Jehovah.” (Ezek. 38:23) Jehovah’s servants will be delighted to know that Jehovah God is their Friend, not their foe!—Mal. 3:16.

17 It is a great privilege for us to contribute to the ongoing worldwide preaching work prophesied in Zechariah 8:23. However, it is a joy for us to be working hand-in-hand with our brothers and sisters and other preachers in many languages. Jehovah gives us the tools we need to preach to people of every nation, tribe, and language. So let us continue to do this work well and help many people to know that Jehovah is a merciful, compassionate, and impartial God, and to worship him in righteousness. It is a great opportunity for us to continue preaching until all people know Jehovah’s name and the truth about him.—Luke 11:2.

15. What do Jehovah’s servants think about his name?

16. Why is it urgent for people to know God now? (John 17:3)

17. What great opportunities do we have?

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ What do the “Jew” and “six men” referred to in Zechariah 8:23 represent?

■ What makes it possible for people around the world to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why is it important for people to know and use Jehovah’s name?

CHAPTER 57 We Will Help Families Together

NOVEMBER 23-29, 2026

Jehovah’s Witnesses Show Love

HADZIDZI 107

God's Model of Love

TADJIKISTAN

This article will help us to see how Jehovah’s system of priests relates to us.

“Every ruler taken from among men is appointed to minister to men.”—HEBR. 5:1.

Why? Because we are all in the state of sin, which has broken our relationship with God. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) In other words, sin is like a veil between us and God, and there is nothing we can do ourselves to remove it. Without God’s help, we can never experience true joy in life. And we have no hope. What does Jehovah do to help us?

2 Jehovah made a good arrangement to keep us from the sin that is in our midst. He appointed priests and rulers for the people of Israel. Then he appointed Jesus as ruler for the church of Christ. Jesus continues to be our ruler today. In this article, we will examine how Jehovah’s arrangement of priests benefited his people in the past. Then, we will see how the present arrangement of priests benefits us now and how it will benefit us in the future. Finally, we will see how this good arrangement of Jehovah shows how much he loves us.

GOD’S ASSISTANCE TO ISRAEL’S KINGDOM

3 The Apostle Paul was inspired by the Spirit of God to explain the reason why Jehovah had established the priesthood for the people of Israel. (Read Hebrews 5:1.) He said that Jehovah wanted them to obey him.

1. Why do all human beings need help?

2. What will we discuss in this article?

3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how does the priestly system benefit true worshippers? (See also figure.)

20

Just as there is a bond between Jehovah and mankind, so there is a need for a system of judges.

(See figure 3)

Even though they were sinners, their worship was directed toward Jehovah. In any case, the priest and the other priests became a symbol of the human worship of God.

⁴ How did the priests help the Israelites to come to Jehovah and to worship Him? They did this in two main ways. First, the priests were God’s ministers to the people, through the teachings they gave. How did they do this? Malachi 2:7 says, “The priest’s mouth is the mouth of knowledge, and his mouth is the mouth of instruction, for he is the man of Jehovah of hosts.” So it was the priests’ job to teach the Law of Moses to the Israelites, and to help them understand and practice it. For example, in the days of Nehemiah, 13 Levites assisted the priest Ezra in explaining God’s Law to the people. (Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8) In addition, the people of Israel were encouraged to obey God’s laws and to be faithful to him. —Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Second, the priests acted in the people’s stead in God’s sight. How? They first sacrificed animals for the people so that God could forgive their sins. The Israelites knew that they were guilty every day, and that they needed help to atone for their sins. (Ps. 51:9) Jehovah’s system of sacrificial animals met this need. It is not surprising that Israelites who wanted to be faithful to Jehovah were delighted that their sins were forgiven! Through the system of sacrificial animals we see that Jehovah loves His people, is affectionate to them, takes care of them, and is eager for their salvation.

HOW THE BIBLE CAN HELP YOUR LIFE

6 Since time immemorial, Jehovah has desired peace with his faithful servants.

4. What important role did Jehovah assign to the people of Israel?

5. In what way did the priests represent man in the sight of God, and what does this tell us about Jehovah?

6. In the patriarchal times, what was the role of women in society compared to that of men?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

For example, when Noah entered the ark, he offered sacrifices of thanksgiving to Jehovah. (Genesis 8:20) Abraham offered sacrifices to Jehovah. (Genesis 12:7, 8) And Job offered sacrifices for his sons. (Job 1:5) This is why Jehovah called some of His servants to be priests before He commanded the Levites to be priests over Israel. Jehovah said: “Let the priests [members of the congregation], who come near to Jehovah continually, keep to themselves, lest Jehovah forbear them.”—Exodus 19:22.

7 Melchizedek is the first person specifically mentioned in the Bible as a priest. (Genesis 14:18) He was a priest, not a king. Jehovah later promised that the Messiah would be a king and a priest like Melchizedek, and that the Messiah’s reign would be eternal.—Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 As we have said before, when the Israelites became the people of Jehovah, He appointed priests for them and gave them the Law through Moses. Moses’ brother Aaron and his descendants were appointed to serve as priests. (Exodus 40:12-15) The task of the priests was to offer sacrifices. The chief priest offered sacrifices for all the people, and the other priests offered sacrifices for each of the Israelites. The other sons of the Levites performed various duties to assist the priests. Jehovah gave the following instructions regarding the sacrifices to be offered, how they should be performed, and the purpose of each. This commandment of Jehovah was a prelude to what He would do later.

7. Who was Melchizedek, and what is distinctive about him and the Messiah?

8. Who were the priests in Israel, and what were their functions?

9 After Jesus was baptized, he became the Savior, serving in Jehovah’s great spiritual temple. (Heb. 8:1) Years later, he offered his life as a perfect sacrifice to atone for mankind’s sins. His sacrifice was superior to the sacrifices of the priests of Israel. Jesus continues to be our Savior, and he is like a sacrifice to Jehovah. (Heb. 9:24) When our Savior Jesus is reigning on earth, he will have appointed 144,000 to serve as sons and priests to thank him. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) When God raises them from the dead, they will work with Jehovah and Jesus to help salvation and to prepare a paradise on earth.

10 As we have seen, since ancient times Jehovah has had a system of priests to help people obey him. The priestly vows reminded faithful Israelites of the need for atonement. Jehovah will continue to use the system of priests during Christ’s Second Coming until mankind is perfected. At that time, there will be no veil between man and God, so the system of priests will no longer be necessary. What does the lesson of this system teach us about Jehovah? Let’s see.

A WOMAN’S EXPERIENCE TELL ME TO TRUST JEHOVAH

11 The priesthood shows that Jehovah cares deeply about the relationship between him and his people.

9-10. Who will serve as priests in Jesus’ 1,000-year reign?

11. How does the system of priests show that Jehovah wants us to help him?

22 GBTAKRƆXƆ

(2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that it was not from ourselves that we became sinners, but that we are His creation. Therefore, let us show compassion toward Him. Why did He make the arrangement for us to obey Him? Didn’t this make a big impact on you? No doubt it made you love Him even more.

12 Jesus also wants us to have a good relationship with Jehovah. The Bible describes Christ, our Savior, as “the comforter [that is] with us from the Father,” who intercedes for us when we fail. (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25.) What does Jesus look at when he intercedes for you? Yes, he looks at your childhood, your successes in life, your health, your grief, and other problems that plague you. Jesus knows how you think, how you feel, how you pray for forgiveness of your sins, and how you strive to do the right thing. Therefore, we can be confident that Jehovah will willingly listen to Christ’s pleas for us, and that he will have mercy on us and forgive us our sins. (Ps. 86:5) We rely on this because Jehovah Himself has appointed Jesus to be our Helper and Advocate.

12. Why is it so comforting that Jesus, the Savior, intercedes for us? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also the pictures.)

Our Savior Jesus appreciates our good deeds; he knows what motivates us to do them, how we ask Jehovah to reward us, and our efforts to do the right thing (See picture 12).

13 The priesthood gives us confidence that Jehovah wants us to pray to him freely. (Read Hebrews 4:16.) Because Jesus is our Savior, it also opens a way for us to speak freely to Jehovah. Jehovah is encouraged to answer our prayers. When we pray to him, we show that we trust him and are responsive to him. It can sometimes be difficult for us to express our thoughts to him in prayer. Things can be so overwhelming that we do not know exactly what to pray for. (Rom. 8:26) Even in such circumstances, Jehovah knows what we are going through and helps us. He is a loving Father who cares for us, so we need to trust him and confide in him.

14 The sacrificial service of the priests shows that Jehovah wants people to live forever. (Ezek. 33:11) The sacrifices made by God’s worshippers in the past could not completely forgive sins. (Heb. 7:19) But those sacrifices were a representation of the perfect sacrifice of Christ Jesus. This sacrifice makes it easy for Jehovah to forgive our sins. It also promises that those who turn to Jehovah will experience eternal life. Isn’t it amazing that Jehovah has made this good provision so that people can live forever?—1 John 4:10.

(Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) Yes, they will be righteous to Jehovah, and they will show their righteousness to all people. We can therefore be confident that in the Restoration Government, we will be helped to do what is right and righteous, and to become perfect. We will be helped to free ourselves from the sin that we inherited from Adam and Eve. All these good things will be accomplished because of Jesus’ sacrifice. Jesus and his fellow rulers will continue to help us until all mankind is perfect as Jehovah desires.—Rev. 22:1, 2.

16 Christ, our Savior, knows our difficult situations, and he understands our pain because he himself went through similar situations when he was on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Consider these questions: Do you sometimes feel angry? Did Jesus? (John 4:6) Do you sometimes feel angry? Did Jesus? (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28) Are you being mocked or ridiculed because of your faith? Did Jesus? (Isa. 50:6; John 15:20) Has the death of a loved one made you sad? Lazarus, Jesus’ friend, died, and Joseph, who adopted him, probably did too. Since our Savior Jesus went through our circumstances, we are confident that He understands us and feels our pain.

17 The 144,000 living souls will also be a lesson to us as they work with Jesus to help people become perfect. These men and women were also weak and sinners when they lived on earth. They learned how a person becomes wicked in himself when he eats or drinks.

13. For what other reason did God choose Jesus as our Savior, and how does this benefit us as we pray? (Hebrews 4:16)

14. How does Jesus’ sacrifice demonstrate that Jehovah wants us to live forever?

15. How does Jehovah’s choice of judges show that he loves us?

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 show that Jehovah’s servants are perfect?

17. Why can we be confident that religious leaders will understand humans if they are helping them to become perfect?

24 GΒΕΤΑΚΡΟΧΟ

The 144,000 survivors of the Great Plague, who lived in different parts of the world at different times, in different societies, and in different stages of life, all knew the physical and psychological effects of the plague. Whatever it was, they knew that one in every 144,000 people had experienced it.

18 All that we have learned about Jehovah’s system of priests shows that Jehovah loves people, is affectionate to them, takes care of them, and knows what they are going through. Our enemy Satan always tries to get away from us, but Jehovah is not. (Rev. 12:10) This lesson shows that Jehovah has made many arrangements for us to learn about him so that we can be confident that we can be his faithful friends. Does this show that Jehovah loves you and is eager to forgive your sins? Does this make you love Jehovah even more?

(Ps. 103:14) Jehovah does not focus on our shortcomings, but rather on our good qualities and the kind of person we are trying to become. When we focus on our sins and shortcomings, we need to remember that Jehovah is “greater than our hearts, and that he knows all things.”—1 John 3:20.

20 We also learned that Jehovah created the priesthood so that we could serve him in a way that pleased him. He wanted us to have a close relationship with him. This good deed that Jehovah willingly made cut the gap between him and his faithful servants, making it easier for them to obey him. Let us follow the advice given to us in Hebrews 4:16, which says: “Let us call upon the altar with confidence, so that he may have compassion on us and hear us in time of need.”

18. What does Jehovah’s system of priests tell us about him, and how does it affect you?

19. If we feel isolated, how does Jehovah look after us?

20. Why did it surprise you that Jehovah made the judges’ system, and what are you determined to do?

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ Why did Jehovah provide a system of judges for mankind?

■ What messengers did Jehovah use at different times?

■ How does your system of judges relate to Jehovah?

CHAPTER 16 Micah Predicts the Messiah’s Kingdom

NOVEMBER 30–DECEMBER 6, 2026

Hadzidzi 22 Fiaɖufea Le Dzi Đum—Neva Dzro!

This article will help us identify three things that can damage our relationship with God, and how we can avoid them.

Don’t Let the “Spirit of Evil” Take Control of Your Life

“All things in the world... are not from the Father.”—1 JOHN 2:16.

(John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) It is very much a threat to the followers of Christ. (Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) This does not mean that Satan himself is in every corner of the world at every hour. In fact, the Bible does not say that this power is held by true angels or evil spirits. However, Satan has many evil angels who are evil spirits. (Rev. 12:9) And there is something Satan always uses in every corner of the world: it is the spirit of the world. This spirit has power over most people, even if they do not realize it. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) Even people who do not believe in Satan’s existence do things that are contrary to his will when they are influenced by the spirit of the world. The Bible describes such people as “Satan’s slaves.” —2 Tim. 2:26.

2 In the past, many of us lived like most people in the world. But what changes have we made since we learned who controls our thoughts and actions? We follow the Bible’s advice to “avoid the fears and lusts of the world.” (Tit. 2:11, 12) This means that although Satan’s tog行业 has the power to influence people in the world to do what he wants, we are resisting him and Jehovah is helping us. —James 4:7, 8.

1. How does Satan influence many people in the world today? (1 John 2:15, 16)

2-3. (a) What is the difference between Jehovah’s servants and those who are influenced by the “spirit of the world”? (b) What do we need to watch out for?

26

We are easily influenced by the spirit of the world (See Figure 5)

I am convinced that Jehovah is delighted that we are striving to resist the influence of the spirit of the world!

3 However, it is important to be vigilant. The attitudes and actions of those around us can quickly influence us. This is what happened to some brothers and sisters who made major changes in their lives to serve Jehovah. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) This article will give us some tips to help us not be influenced by the spirit of the world. But first, let’s consider what the word “spirit of the world” means.—1 Cor. 2:12.

NU KAE NYE ‘XEXEA ƑE GBƆGBƆ’?

4 In the Bible, the “spirit of the world” refers to the way people who do not love God act, or think. People who are influenced by the spirit of the world seek their own pleasure. And often, they are not invited to follow Jehovah’s guidelines for living a good life. For example, today many people think that there is nothing wrong with speaking evil or living a bad life. They do “the will of the world,” not the will of the Creator.—1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The Bible says that Satan “seduces the inhabitants of the earth,” and the spirit of the world is one of his main tools. (Rev. 12:9) The Apostle Paul equates the spirit of the world with “devil.” (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.)

4. What is the ‘spirit of the world,’ and how do those who are influenced by it act?

5. How does the spirit of the world act as a ‘devil’? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also picture.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

Just as a fire burns and is easily extinguished, so also the spirit of the world burns and is easily extinguished. The spirit of the world can influence a person without the person knowing it. Let us now examine the ways in which this can happen and how we can avoid it.

TSRI NYA MADZETƆWO GBƆGBƆ

6 The Bible says that in the last days, people will be “hasty, greedy, and disobedient.” (2 Tim. 3:1-3) These evil attitudes are evident in many people’s speech today. For example, news reports show that people speak evil things about one another, which leads to violence and abuse. In many families, husbands, wives, and children live apart. Many people—both children and adults—use drugs. (Eph. 5:3, 4) The way in which this is done shows that the spirit of the world is having an effect on them.

7 As Christians, we should set a good example in how we communicate, whether face-to-face or through electronic means. (James 1:26, 27) You might ask yourself: ‘Am I using wrong words when I’m angry or when I’m communicating with people who don’t know that I’m a Witness? Am I using harsh language or saying things that discredit my brothers and sisters? Am I being rude to my family? What will my family say about my speech?’

8 What can we do when we notice that the spirit of the world is influencing our speech? We need to change the way we speak. But not only that. Remember that Jesus said: “What comes out of the heart comes out of the mouth, and these things defile a man.” (Matt. 15:18) Jesus’ words indicate that our speech reflects our thoughts and emotions. That’s why the Bible calls speaking “evil words” as well as other evil qualities such as anger, rage, and bitterness. (Eph. (Col. 4:31) If you find that you need to get rid of these bad habits, pray that Jehovah will help you to develop more of the “new man.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) You can also search our publications for examples that will help you. Be determined not to let the spirit of the world influence your actions or words.—Eph. 4:29.

TSRI AGBE GBEGBLẼ NƆNƆ

9 Another thing that the spirit of the world is trying to influence today is how many people are no longer willing to live according to Jehovah’s standards of morality. Many people indulge in adultery, premarital sex, and sexual relations between men and women, and even encourage them. (Isa. 5:20) If we don’t control ourselves, the spirit of the world can make it easy for us to think that these things are okay. (2 Cor. 11:3) We can even lose our minds.

6. How does the spirit of the world influence people’s speech today?

7. What questions can we ask ourselves about how we eat?

8. What can we do to avoid slander? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. In fact, how do most people react to Jehovah’s guidelines for living a good life?

28 TABLET

Even though the world’s view of these events is a hoax, and the Bible’s laws are outdated, it’s a good thing! Jehovah’s laws help us in many ways. Jehovah’s laws are human and will not become obsolete as time goes by.—Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

97:10) So ask yourself: ‘Do I feel that Jehovah’s standards of living are preventing me from living the way I would like to? Do my choices show that Jehovah’s standards of living are important to me? Do I feel that Jehovah is changing my standards of living so that I can live the way I would like to live?’

11 What can you do if you notice that something that displeases Jehovah is bothering you? Don’t assume that it is impossible to live according to Jehovah’s wishes. Remember that none of us are perfect, and we sometimes have evil thoughts. (Ps. 51:5; 103:14) But you can challenge it to do the right thing and reject the ‘will of the flesh.’ (Eph. 2:3) Also, you need to remove your thoughts from things that provoke evil thoughts. When you notice that an evil thought invades you, immediately turn your eyes and mind to the things that displease Jehovah. (Gen. 39:9, 12) Then think about how it could damage your relationship with Jehovah and with others. Make sure that it does not damage that precious relationship. (Eph. 5:5) With Jehovah’s help, you can learn how to resist evil.

SECURITY ON THE INTERNET

12 Most of us use the Internet as part of our daily lives, and even as part of our service to Jehovah. However, much of what is on the Internet promotes the spirit of the world. For example, pornography is widespread on the Internet, and it is easily accessible to children and young people alike. Pornographic photos, videos, and texts are widely available on mobile phones, especially among young people. Those pictures and videos, along with the texts that accompany them, can help us to dedicate more time to prayer and preaching, even if it means we have to give up our worship.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 We need to be careful that our use of the Internet does not take up too much of our time or negatively affect our behaviour. So, we can ask ourselves: ‘How much time do I spend on the Internet instead of watching photos, videos, and other unnecessary stuff?’ —Eph. 5:15, 16.

10. What habits will help us not to hate what Jehovah hates?

11. Aleke nàwɔ alé fu nu siwo Yehowa lé fu?

12. How does the spirit of the world influence the Internet?

13. What questions should we ask ourselves about our use of the Internet?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

When I see something wrong, how long does it take me to look at it?’ (Ps. 119:37) ‘Do I take everything I hear or see on the Internet lightly, or do I think it is really wrong?’—Prov. 14:15.

14 In order to resist the spirit of the world, limit your time on the Internet, and keep your eyes open to everything that is wrong. Parents should also keep an eye on their children’s use of the Internet. (Eph. 6:4) Young people should know that those who spend a lot of time on the Internet are more prone to depression, anxiety, and depression than others. If you follow the good advice in God’s Word, the worldly spirit that resides on the Internet will not harm you.

YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH YOUR LIFE!

15 If you notice that the spirit of the world is influencing you in some way, take the steps necessary to correct the situation. Consider the experience of Gloria*. She learned the truth as a child, but she—

* Names in this section have been changed.

14. What can we do to protect ourselves from the spirit of the world that has taken up residence on the Internet?

15. What did you learn from Gloria’s experience? (See photo.)

What Can You Do to Avoid Being Influenced by the Spirit of the World? (See Appendix 15.)

30 GBETACROX

She said: “I wanted to be quiet. That meant I didn’t attend the meetings, and after a short time, I didn’t want to be a Witness.” But then Gloria realized that spending time with people who didn’t love Jehovah was affecting her. What did she do? She said: “I devoted more time to Bible study and prayer, and I stopped spending time with people who didn’t serve Jehovah. Although I’m not a sinner now, Jehovah is gracious in many ways. It made me realize that it wasn’t Satan’s world that was influencing my life, but Jehovah.”

16 Consider Robert’s experience. The influence of his friends and the evils of the world led him to indulge in lust, adultery, and homosexuality. “I thought that I had freedom to do whatever I wanted,” he said. But later he realized that he was no longer free, but had become a slave to the world. (2 Pet. 2:19) What did Robert do?

16. What did you learn from Robert’s experience?

He says: “I’ve made a lot of changes in my life, my relationships, and my way of speaking.” How does Robert feel about himself now? He says: “Every day I wake up, I am reminded that I’m living a new, clean life. It’s a great privilege and gives me a lot of joy and peace of mind.”

17 What have we learned from this article? We have learned that we must resist the spirit of the world. This means avoiding falsehoods and immorality, and keeping ourselves away from the Internet. Although the spirit of the world is evil, don’t be discouraged. You can resist it. The truth is that Jehovah has power over Satan and his evil world. (Read 1 John 4:4.) In addition, Jehovah will give you his holy spirit, a powerful power, to help you overcome the spirit of the world. (Luke 11:13) Let us all resolve to continue to “walk in the spirit of God” and to defeat the spirit of the world!—Gal. 5:16.

17. Why are you confident that you can overcome the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

WHAT DOES IT MEAN THAT ‘THE LORD’S WORLD’ DOESN’T MEAN THE WORLD IN A SIMPLY WAY?

■ But if we are hungry

■ How we live

■ But we use the Internet

HADZIDZI 124

Míawɔ Nuteƒe Ðaa

A BOOK FOR THE FAMILY OF JEHOVAH’S WITNESSES

September 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 10 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

Study Notes November 2-8 | 2 Be Confident Jehovah Will Protect You

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati Hena November 9-15 | 8 Ale Si Míana “Dzi Ðoto” Nanɔ Mía Si

Study Notes November 16-22 | 14 Jehovah’s Witnesses Respond to “The Languages of the Nations”

Study Notes 23-29 | Jehovah’s Love Revealed in His Choice of 20 Priests

Study Notes November 30–December 6 | 26 Keep the “Spirit of God” Powerful in Your Life

BIBLIA ME NYAGBE

“Let the Spirit of Christ Rule in Your Minds”

Colossians 3:15 speaks of “the peace of Christ.” What is “the peace of Christ”? It is the comfort that comes from being a disciple of Christ. We experience this peace when we know that Jehovah and his Son love us.—John 14:23, 27.

The Apostle Paul encouraged the Christians in the church at Colosse to let this peace prevail in their hearts, which represents those who are in Christ. How could they do this? The Greek word translated ‘peace’ that Paul uses here is related to the word arbitrator (referee or arbitre) used in disputes. This means that just as we should let the peace prevail in our hearts, so too should we let “the peace of Christ” govern our ways.

For example, if we have a disagreement with a fellow Christian, we should let “the peace of Christ” “comfort” us. This comforting example will help us to know what to do to maintain peace and unity. By doing what it tells us to do to subdue our own desires or by giving up for peace, we show that we allow “the peace of Christ” to rule in our hearts.—Col. 3:12-14.

It is part of a worldwide Bible study program supported by voluntary donations. If you would like to contribute, please visit donate.jw.org.

The passages quoted in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website, or scan this badge

JW.ORG

w26.09-EW