JULY 2026

A WOMAN WHO WAS GOD’S CHOICE TO BE HIS WIFE

DATE AND TIME: SEPTEMBER 7-OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

LA 88 Ha Nɛ Ma Le O Blɔ Ɔmɛ

Let’s consider what we can learn from the story of the Gibeonites, and how Jehovah dealt with them.

Moo Kase Gibeonbi Ɔmɛ

“The inhabitants of Gibeon and the inhabitants of Israel were as one, and they were in the midst of them.”—YOS. 10:1.

40 And it came to pass, when the children of Israel went up from Egypt unto the wilderness of Zubbah, that the LORD helped them, and they fought against Jericho and Ai, and took them. 41 And it came to pass, when the children of Israel came unto the wilderness of Zubbah, that the LORD said unto Moses, 42 Say unto the children of Israel, Thus saith the LORD God of the hosts, the God of Israel: Behold, I will bring you into the land of the Canaanites, and will give it unto you for an inheritance.

2 These men were the Gibeonites. This is the only time that the Gibeonites are mentioned in the Bible, and even then, they were mentioned again. The Bible tells us that the Gibeonites and the Israelites lived in terrible times. There are many good things that we can learn from the Gibeonites. Therefore, how Jehovah handled what happened to them will help us to learn all the good things about Jehovah.

I DON'T WANT TO SEE HIM GETTING OUT THERE.

3 And when the children of Israel came to the valley of Zughba, it was difficult for them to take possession of certain towns in the land of Canaan. For they were stronger than the children of Israel, and their tents were larger than the children of Israel. (Deuteronomy 7:1) One of the towns was the city of the Hivites, and one of the cities was the city of the Gibeonites. But Gibeon was fortified, and its tents were larger than the Israelites’. (Josh. 10:2) The Canaanites also wanted to take possession of the land of Canaan.

1-2. Why is it important to consider what the Bible says about the Gibeonites?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did they want the Israelites to worship idols?

2

The Gibeonites Extort Joshua and He Uses Them to Build a Temple (Chapter 4)

And the Gibeonites did according to the voice of the LORD. For they knew that the LORD had spoken to the children of Israel, that he would deliver all the land of Canaan unto them. (Exodus 34:11; Joshua 9:24) Therefore, because the children of Israel had taken Jericho and Ai, the Gibeonites sent men unto Joshua at Gilgal, that they might bring the children of Israel into their tents.

(Josh. 9:16-19) But the Israelites did not allow the Gibeonites to serve as slaves. (Josh. 9:16-19) But the Israelites did not allow the Gibeonites to serve as slaves. (Josh. 9:16-19) But the Israelites did not allow the Gibeonites to serve as slaves. (Josh. 9:16-19) But the Israelites did not allow the Gibeonites to serve as slaves. (Josh. 9:16-19) But the Israelites did not allow the Gibeonites to serve as slaves. (Josh. 9:16-19) But the Israelites did not allow the Gibeonites to serve as slaves. (Josh. 9:16-19) But the Israelites did not allow the Gibeonites to serve as slaves. (Josh. 9:16-19) But the Israelites did not allow the Gibeonites to serve as slaves. (Josh. 9:16-19) But the Israelites did not allow the Gibeonites to serve as slaves. (Josh. 9:16-19) But the Israelites did not allow the Gibeonites to serve as slaves. (Josh. 9:16-19) They should also be “those who win the battle, and join the congregation at the altar of Jehovah’s sacrifice.”—Josh. 9:27.

4. Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeonites blamed the Israelites for their weakness. They wanted to show how the Lord had destroyed the Egyptians and the kings of the Amorites, Sihon and Og.

5 And when the daughters of Canaan heard that the Gibeonites had gone out to the children of Israel, they also went out to the Gibeonites.

* The men who were to slay the Israelites were stationed at Gibeon and the three villages of the Hivites: Kephirah, Beeroth, and Kiriath-yearim.—Josh. 9:17.

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, what did the Gibeonites do to cause the Israelites to worship them? (See also the video.) (b) What did the Israelites do when they learned that the Gibeonites had betrayed them?

5. What did the Gibeonites do to show their allegiance to Jehovah?

JULY 2026 3

(Josh. 10:3-7) Joshua sent the Israelites to Gibeon to fight against the Canaanites, and the Lord helped them to conquer them. The Lord sent rain on the Amorites, and made the desert quiet until the Israelites had conquered all their enemies. (Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites sought to live in peace with the Lord, the God of Israel. Therefore, they sought food and fuel from Joshua when the wall that divided them was conquering them. By doing all of these things, they showed that they trusted in Jehovah’s protection.

(Numbers 33:51, 52) However, when the Israelites and the Gibeonites worshipped in the wilderness, they did not obey Jehovah’s direction, but Jehovah did not allow them to subdue the Gibeonites either. He helped the Israelites to obey him, and he took a difficult course with the Gibeonites.—Josh. 9:26; 11:19.

⁷ In what way can we learn from the Gibeonites? We need to keep our faith in Jehovah. Because we know more about Jehovah’s goodness than the Gibeonites, let that help us to put our trust in Jehovah. (Ps 40:4, 5) We can also learn from the Gibeonites by finding a way to support the work that people think should be done in Jehovah’s congregation. (Josh. 9:23, 27) A wise brother named Luke wrote:

Luke describes an example of this in the story of a man who served as a servant at Bethel for many years, and who would never give up. Luke says that this man performed the most difficult tasks at Bethel, but when the brothers were building the Kingdom Hall, he wanted to serve as a watchman to watch over the work during a flood. Luke said: “It seems to me that we live a life that is a waste of our time, but not a waste of our minds.” So let us pray to Jehovah every day when we are struggling, find ways to live our lives, and accept the duties that are entrusted to us in Jehovah’s congregation. By doing so, we will demonstrate our commitment to Jehovah.

WHEN I WAS 12 YEARS OLD, MY FATHER-IN-LAW

8 The Bible tells us what happened to the Gibeonites during King Saul’s reign in Israel. At that time, King Saul was determined to destroy the Gibeonites in Israel and Judah.* So he killed all the Gibeonites. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) What Saul did was amazing! Saul broke the peace between the Israelites and the Gibeonites.

9 And Saul and the Gibeonites were angry with them. But the LORD dealt wisely with them, when David had established himself king over Israel. And when the LORD had dealt wisely with them, he caused the waters of the sea to pour down on them for three years, so that the sea grew bigger and bigger.

* The Bible does not give a definitive explanation as to why Saul killed the Gibeonites. However, some scholars suggest that Saul may have wanted the Gibeonites to become Israelites and belong to the nation of Israel.

6. What do we learn about Jehovah from how he dealt with the Gibeonites?

7. Which way should we go to learn about the Gibeonites? (See also the video.)

8. What did King Saul do to show that he despised the Gibeonites?

9. What would Jehovah do to the Gibeonites?

4 BUSINESS

Learn from the Gibeonites, and be confident in giving them the job (Chapter 7)

Then, David asks Jehovah why they went to battle, and Jehovah tells him that Saul and his house are guilty, because they killed all the Gibeonites.—2 Sam. 21:1.

10 See 2 Samuel 21:3-6. David asks the Gibeonites what they want him to do to them in order to punish them for the murder of Saul. The Gibeonites do not want to use their right of way to take any money from David, but they do so. Instead, they indicate that they will “pay silver or silver” for the matter, because according to the Law, whoever kills a person should be put to death by hanging. (Numbers 35:30, 31) Also, the Gibeonites knew that they could kill someone as a king had commanded them to do so. Therefore, David allowed the Gibeonites to kill Saul’s sons, possibly in retaliation for Saul’s killing the Gibeonites. Later, Jehovah caused the Israelites to rebel. This indicates that Jehovah’s displeasure with the Gibeonites was justified.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

11 What does this story tell us about Jehovah? It shows that Jehovah is merciful to all. (Psalm 37:28) For example, he is merciful to those who have sinned or failed to obey his commandments. But Jehovah wants us to be merciful to all. Because all of Jehovah’s servants have sinned and failed, Jehovah promises that in the future he will pardon them and forgive them. We will also learn that Jehovah wants us to obey his commandments, just as he watched over the Israelites when they broke the covenant they made with the Gibeonites.—See Amos 1:9.

12 What Should We Do About the Gibeonites? When our brothers and sisters make us feel uncomfortable, we can rest assured that Jehovah will guide us. By doing so, we commit ourselves to asking Jehovah to act on our behalf in a timely manner. For example, consider a sister named Laura French. In 1926, she joined the Canadian Bethel. A year later, she felt uncomfortable. Some brothers and sisters said that she was concerned about some of her food choices.

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, what did the Gibeonites do to show that they wanted to serve God?

11. What can we learn about Jehovah from this story?

12. In what direction should we go to learn from the Gibeonites that they are misleading us?

JULY 2026 5

In 1940, he was called back to serve at Bethel, and he was delighted. Brother French had served faithfully at Bethel for 50 years before he gave up his home ministry. Like Brother French, when we are given a small task, we want to do it well, and pray to Jehovah to do it for us in a time of need.—Yes. 26:3, 4.

HE WAS A CHAPTER TO JEHOVAH

13 About 500 years after the reign of King David, the Bible records the return of the Gibeonites and the rest of the people. Their ancestors, the Judahites, went to Babylon for 70 years. Then they returned to Jerusalem. The Judahites who returned to the holy city were led by the king Zerubbabel. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) About 70 years later, Ezra the scribe and all the Judahites also returned to Babylon and Jerusalem. (Ezra 7:1-7) The ‘Nethinim’ were among the two groups that returned to Babylon and settled there. (See Ezra 2:58 and 7:7.) Who were the Nethinim? They were the “servants of the house of Solomon” and the ancestors of the Israelites. It may be that all the Nethinim were descendants of the Gibeonites.—See The Meaning of the Bible’s First Word, “Nethinim.”

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2. “The servants of the house of Solomon” were the ones who returned to Jerusalem. This was a great thing, because all the Judahites returned to Jerusalem. All the Judahites were afraid of the troubles in Babylon, and they had money. Therefore, they thought to use the good things that they had gone to Babylon to go to Jerusalem. But the servants of the Gibeonites and some of the Judahites who were faithful to the Lord wanted to go to the house of Solomon to worship the Lord, and they served him there. Though the Gibeonites were afraid that their descendants would be exterminated in Israel and that the situation would deteriorate, they nevertheless promised to return to perform the services they performed in Jerusalem and to help restore the walls of Jerusalem.—Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this story tell us about Jehovah? It shows that Jehovah is pleased with those who serve him faithfully, and that he watches over them all the time. Since the time that Jehovah took care of the Gibeonites in the days of Joshua, he has continued to take care of them. When the Babylonians captured Jerusalem, Jehovah took care of the Gibeonite prostitutes, and when they returned to Jerusalem, Jehovah continued to use them in the temple. It may be that the places where the Gibeonite prostitutes lived were the same as the temple. (Ezra 2:70; Neh. 11:21) Furthermore, because they served in the temple of Solomon, the king of Persia gave them permission to carry the pillars that were thrown at them.—Ezra 7:24.

16 What can we do for the Gibeonites? Like the Gibeonites, we want to dedicate ourselves to serving Jehovah, and we want to encourage others to do the same. Sometimes, this will require us to make changes in our lives.

13. Who were the “Nethinim,” and what did they do when the Judahites returned from the Babylonian captivity?

14. What did the Gibeonites do to show their loyalty to Jehovah? (1 Chronicles 9:2)

15. What does the story of the Gibeonites tell us about Jehovah?

16. What can we do to show our loyalty to Jehovah by following the example of the Gibeonites?

6 BUSINESS

We are encouraged by Jehovah to do so. This is what a brother named Alwin in the Philippines does. His job earns him a lot of money. But he wants to devote his time to serving Jehovah. Whenever the overseer visits his congregation, Alwin asks his supervisor for permission to devote his time to the filming work during the summer. This makes him very happy. But the job Alwin is doing takes up too much of his time. So he prays to Jehovah to help him find a better job. Alwin knew that if he did this job, he would not have all the money, but he did it. This encouraged him to take up the missionary work. Later, his wife also took up the missionary work, and they helped 21 people to learn the truth and to be baptized. It would not be surprising that Jehovah was delighted with their dedication. If we do everything we can to do well in serving Jehovah, we can be sure that Jehovah will be delighted with us. Therefore, he will give us all our desires.—Matt. 6:33.

17 Now let us see how the LORD dealt with the Gibeonites, and let us see the goodness of the LORD. Let us see that the LORD is merciful, and that he is faithful, and that he executes judgment, and that he repays his servants who are faithful to him. Therefore, the case of the Gibeonites teaches us that we must have faith in the LORD, and put our trust in him when we encounter troubles. Therefore, we must live our lives, and support all the work that the LORD has given us to do. When we are in trouble, we should submit ourselves to Jehovah so that he will deal with the matter for us in a timely manner. We want to do everything we can to be successful in serving Jehovah. Therefore, let us take the good example of the Gibeonites and learn from them.

17. What can we learn from the story of the Gibeonites?

THE BLOOD OF THE GIBEONITES SHOULD BE OUR LEADERSHIP...

■ How do we make sure that our food is safe to eat?

■ Do we trust Jehovah to save us?

■ Should we be faithful servants of Jehovah?

LC 148 Jehovah’s Witnesses

SEPTEMBER 14-20, 2026

LA 41

Moo Bu Ye Sɔlemi Tue

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

When we read the book of Isaiah with an open mind, it can be a source of encouragement.

Let Isaiah’s Song Be Your Song

“This is the word of Jehovah:... ‘As a mother comforts her child, so I will continue to comfort you.’”—ISA. 66:12, 13.

Look at this video of a young boy who is very upset and is going crazy. Maybe he is going crazy because his family is not good and he is angry with his friends. Or maybe he is upset because he can’t do anything good for them. In a situation like this, what can a father who loves his child do to help him? He may be angry with his child, he will forgive him, and he will acknowledge that he loves him.

² In the Bible, Jehovah compares himself to a mother who loves and comforts her children. He says: “As a mother comforts her children, so I will continue to comfort you.” (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah’s love for us is greater than a mother’s love for her children. (Isa. 49:15) Jehovah uses his Word, the Bible, to comfort us when we are in trouble or in need.—Rom. 15:4.

40:1) Jehovah gave Isaiah this book to comfort his people, the Jews, in their troubles. We too are in ‘a time of trouble and sorrow.’ Therefore, we need comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let us consider some of the words of Isaiah and comfort ourselves when (1) our hearts are changed, (2) when we are reproached for a sin we have committed, and (3) when we are grieved for the death of a loved one.

1-2. What does Jehovah do to comfort us when we are weak or in trouble?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

8

KE WA SI FƆFƆƐ TSAKE TLUKAA

9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) It may be that the weather is bad, that we are facing financial difficulties, or that there is violence in our area. Or perhaps the congregation does not allow us to serve in a better area. Such circumstances may not make us feel weak or change our minds. We may ask, ‘What should I do now?’ But there is no question that we should not. A brother named Joseph served in Bethel for 17 years. But when he was told that he was going to serve as a missionary, he said, “I don’t know what to do or how to do it, because I have served in Bethel with all my heart. That’s what made my decision.” What lesson can the book of Isaiah give us as we face the challenges of our future?

4. How should we react if our expectations change?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. Jehovah has promised that he will lead those who are on the path of righteousness along the path that they have chosen, and that he will not let the road that they have chosen become empty. Words such as “road,” “path,” “road,” and “road that is empty” can help us to see the difficulties we face. Roads that are empty can make us feel like we are walking in a road that is empty, and that we know what is in our power. But Jehovah has given us the assurance that if we listen to the voice of our prayers, he will guide us, and he will not let us go astray. Jehovah will light our eyes and guide us in the wilderness, and he will not let the clouds block our path. Moreover, he will not let our path be distorted. In what way will Jehovah do this? He will do it by

5. According to Isaiah 42:16, what has Jehovah promised to do for us? (See also the video.)

Even When the Weather Changes, Jehovah Will Keep His Promise (Section 5)

‘If you have the means to look after me, I will take care of you.’

(Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) He also uses our brothers and sisters and our elders to comfort us. Even when we don’t know what the future holds for us, we can rest assured that Jehovah will help us because he loves us and cares for us.—Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 The elder Joseph describes how Jehovah helped him and his wife while they were in Bethel. He says: “We saw Jehovah’s love for us, and he comforted us greatly when the change came. He sent the brothers to comfort us. He encouraged us to change our ways, and that is what we are doing now.” Even if our circumstances change dramatically, we can be sure that Jehovah will inspire us and give us the guidance we need to cope with the change. (Isa. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph also says that one of the things that helped him was to listen to broadcasts. Let their words reassure him that whatever trouble he may face, Jehovah will cry out to him and he will help him.* Even if things don’t go as planned, we know that Jehovah will help us no matter what.

WHEN WE SEE THAT WE HAVE TO RESPOND TO THE WORLD AS WE SEE IT

7 If we have committed a sin that offends the elders, they comfort us out of love. If we are comforted, we have hope that we will forgive them. (Proverbs 28:13; James 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9)

* The song is, “Jehovah God Is With Me.”

6. If we change our lifestyles, what are the consequences for our mothers?

7. Can those who have committed a crime think about other crimes?

(2 Cor. 2:7) It is not uncommon for us to feel this way, because it makes us feel guilty about our past sins. This may not make us feel sorry. King David said: “I will rejoice because of the iniquity... I will mourn because of the sin of man, and I will be sick.” (Ps. 38:3, 8) If our past sins are causing us to feel this way, the words of Isaiah can be a source of encouragement.

8 See Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah uses a metaphor to illustrate how he uses his word wisely. He says that if we “make the mouths of the wicked soft” as sand, he will not “make their hearts soft as snow.” Although it sounds great when a soft word is put into a soft mouth, Jehovah warns that if we make our mouths soft as sand, he will not make it soft, and he indicates that if we make our mouths soft as sand, he will make our hearts soft as snow.

11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Ma. 9:4, 5) When Jehovah spoke to David, he was talking about his truthfulness, not his wrongdoing. Similarly, if we change our minds, Jehovah will lovingly listen to our words, and he will help us to serve him with joy. What good thing can we learn from the book of Isaiah that will help us if we are the kind of person he accuses us of being?

8-9. How does Isaiah 1:18 describe Jehovah’s use of the word?

10 BUSINESS

“O sake ye he yayami ɔ tsuo pue o se”

Jehovah’s Judgments Are Based on What We Do (Paragraph 11)

10 Read Isaiah 38:17. The word “forgive” can also be translated as “forgiveness.” The Bible says that when a sinner changes his mind, Jehovah forgives him, whether he is sorry or not. Another translation suggests that the word can also be translated as “let it be done.” This means that when Jehovah speaks to us, it is like forgiveness. If we do, Jehovah will forgive us, and he will forgive us for our sins. He promises: “I will forgive your sins.” (Isa. 43:25) This gives us great encouragement! If Jehovah, the Forgiver, forgives our sins, then we should also forgive ourselves so that we will not be blamed.

Let nothing that you did in the past dampen the joy that you have now.

11 Whenever we feel guilty because of a sin we have committed, let us remember that Jehovah has forgiven us. When Jehovah forgives us for our sins, he forgives us. He sees the judgment of those who have sinned, and it is necessary for us, as human beings, to forgive ourselves. (Isa. 57:16) It is the sin we have committed in the past that Jehovah judges, but what we are doing now and what we will do in the future is more important to him. (Isa. 55:7) Indeed, Jehovah loves us greatly, and he has promised to forgive us. Therefore, let us base our decisions on Jehovah’s love for us, which is our only hope for salvation.

10. What textual references does Jehovah use in Isaiah 38:17?

11. When we sin, how does Jehovah use his judgment? (See also the video.)

JULY 2026 11

“You who are dead will come to life”

We can rest assured that we will see our departed loved ones again (See paragraph 14.)

Let not the sin that we have committed turn us away from serving the LORD. If we do so, the LORD will bless us, and we will live forever.

I ASK WHAT I WANT TO DO WITH MY LIFE.

12 When one of our loved ones dies, we may feel deeply saddened, and sometimes we may feel sorry. We may ask, ‘Why did Jehovah allow our loved one to die?’ Consider a young man named Michael, whose parents died. “He loved me very much,” he says, “and I was saddened that Jehovah allowed my parents to die. I know that he did not kill them, but he did nothing for us.” You may feel the same way as Michael. What does Jehovah do to comfort us in times of sorrow, and what hope does he give us?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah has promised that we will “live forever.” Think about life! It would be a joy to mourn the death of a loved one. (Isa. 35:10) It would also be a joy to see a loved one lying dead in a garden and being taken away to be buried. However, we will live forever with all our loved ones, and we will have a good life in paradise. This promise is not just a joke—let Jehovah Himself live, and his promise will come true.—Rev. 21:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Not only will Jehovah restore life, but he will also bring back to life our loved ones who have died.

12. How do we feel when a loved one dies?

13. What will Jehovah do to us in Isaiah 25:8?

14. How do you feel about the possibility that the dead will not be resurrected? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also audio.)

12 BUSINESS

When Jehovah speaks of the dead, he says, “Their graves shall live.” The noun “they” that Jehovah uses indicates that they are his things. He has absolute control over them, and at the time he decides, he will bring them back to life. Just as he mourns this day, so Jehovah, who gave up all his life, will bring back to life our loved ones who have died. How joyful we will be! —Mark 5:42.

15 Although we don’t believe that Jehovah will raise the dead to life, we are saddened when a loved one dies. But knowing that Jehovah cares for our loved ones who have died is a great source of comfort. This letter encouraged Michael, who is mourning. He says: “Isaiah 26:19 comforts me and gives me the confidence that Jehovah loves my parents. He cares for them and will continue to care for them until he restores them to life. This gives me comfort and strength.” Let’s pray that our loved ones who have died will be raised to life. If we do so, it will bring us great joy.

15. How does Jehovah’s determination to save our loved ones from death comfort us?

16 Let us consider a few verses from the book of Isaiah that may comfort us when our hearts are troubled, or when we feel guilty about a sin we have committed, or when a loved one has died and we are mourning. We are glad that Jehovah uses the Bible to comfort us! (Psalm 94:19) Is there a verse that comforts you when you are struggling? If so, study it and write it down. Write it down and keep it in a place where you can’t see it all the time. Let the words of our loving Father, Jehovah, comfort you.

16. What advice do your parents give you on how to cope with a difficult situation?

CHAPTER 9: A brother and his wife, who are also in Bethel, are being looked after by brothers in the congregation. CHAPTER 11: A young man who is very happy because he made a decision about a sin he had committed and is now attending the Reconciliation School.

HOW MUCH DO YOU THINK IT COST?

Isaiah 42:16

Isaiah 1:18; 38:17

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

CHAPTER 3 Jehovah Loves Us and Will Keep Us Safe

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

LESSON 12 Jehovah God Is Open

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

We will learn what it means to love Jehovah, why he wants us to find ways to love him, and how we can do so.

Jehovah’s Witnesses

“You knew that God was your father, and you served him with all your heart.”—1 CHRONICLES 28:9.

When we think about Jehovah’s judgments and the various ways in which he makes them, we are greatly amazed. We think like the apostle Paul. He wrote: “How great is the righteousness of God, and his judgments, and his judgments! His laws are unfathomable, and his ways unsearchable!”—Rom. 11:33, 34.

2 Although we can’t know everything about Jehovah, we can know who he is. Why? King David said to Solomon: “You know your God, and you serve him with all your heart... If you seek him, he will let you find him.” (1 Chr. 28:9) Some years later, the angel John told his fellow Christians who lived in his day that they would be able to “know the True One” fully. (1 John 5:20) Jesus himself said that he would help people “to glorify the Father.”—Matt. 11:27.

3 We all learn everything from Jehovah, and we dedicate ourselves to him, and we serve him. But ultimately, there are many things that we can learn from Jehovah. (John. 17:3) For example, we can learn everything from what pleases Jehovah, so that we can keep our confidence in him.

1. What do we learn from considering Jehovah’s character, his judgments, and the various ways in which he makes them?

2. Why can we be sure that we will ever know Jehovah?

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

14

If we are to know God, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we must first know ourselves. If we are to know ourselves, we

WHAT DOES IT COULD MAKE US LIKE JEHOVAH?

4 What is one way we can get close to Jehovah? Jehovah said to the Judahites who went into Babylonian captivity: “Give them a heart to know me, for I am Jehovah.” (Yer. 24:7) It seems that these Judahites knew everything about Jehovah. But when they went into captivity, it was difficult for them to get close to Jehovah, and it remained in their hearts. One Bible scholar said: “There is a great difference between knowing God and knowing him deeply and becoming his friends. We can apply this to how a person acts when he acts out of love, and how he acts when he does not have love for anyone.” The only way we can know that God exists is by knowing his name, Jehovah. We do not need to know who he is.

5 Knowing what Jehovah likes and what he thinks is also a sign that we love him. For example, consider King Josiah. The Bible says: “When he was eight years old and a young man, he made David his guide.” (2 Chr. 34:3) Josiah learned everything about God from his mother, but it wasn’t until he was eight years old that he put what he had learned into practice. Therefore, Jehovah told the prophet Jeremiah that Josiah was “a wise man who did good,” and that he was like the scribes. Jehovah also said: “Does this mean that no one knows me?”—Yer. 22:15, 16.

6 Rev 9:10. As we learn more about Jehovah, our confidence in him grows stronger. This is what happened to the apostle Paul. When he was imprisoned and about to be killed, he said: “I have no fear, for I know who I am.” (2 Tim. 1:12) What Paul learned about Jehovah and how Jehovah helped him in his life helped him to have a firm confidence in Jehovah. Paul was confident that Jehovah’s judgment would be based on the truth that he knew, and that even if he died, he would raise him to life again.

WHY IS IT IMPORTANT THAT WE BE LIKE JEHOVAH?

7 When we learn about Jehovah, we learn all things about him, and that enables us to serve him. But if we do not, perhaps the way we hope to learn about Jehovah will fail us. Why is that? Every day, when we study the Bible at home or at a congregation meeting, we decide to use what we learn to help ourselves or others. There is no reason why we should not do so, because the Bible encourages us to do so. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) But there is something else that is especially important for us to consider. (Acts 25:8-10) We should use our judgment to make sure that what we are discussing in the Bible is appropriate for our discussion with others.

4. What does it mean to love Jehovah?

5. What does the story of Josiah teach us about Jehovah?

6. As Acts 9:10 indicates, if we want to know Jehovah better, what should we do?

7. In view of this, what can happen if we serve Jehovah this year?

JULY 2026 15

Instead, we should ask ourselves, ‘What does this tell me about Jehovah God?’*

8 As we grow closer to Jehovah, our relationship with him becomes stronger. For example, what do you feel when you read a passage from the Bible, watch the weekly broadcast, or attend a meeting or regional conference? Every day, we feel that we love our heavenly Father. Why? Because we learn all things about him. That’s why we obey Jehovah, and we look after him. We feel as the seagull felt when he thought about how Jehovah loved him. He said: “God has delighted my heart, and has prepared for me a way of eternal life.” (Proverbs 73:24-28.) While we may lose hope of knowing Jehovah’s goodness, we rejoice in knowing that he is our Father.

9 The Bible encourages us to ‘know Jehovah fully.’ (Proverbs 3:5, 6) This means that we should ponder what we have learned about Jehovah, as well as our own ways of dealing with him. Doing so will keep our hearts happy. For example, brothers and sisters often phone their husbands or wives until they can’t see them at all. This encourages them to think about their husbands or wives at all times, and keeps their hearts happy so that their husbands or wives will be pleased. Similarly, if we love God and love him with all our heart, we will do things that please him.—Psalm 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah has given us his way, and that helps us to manifest his qualities. (Genesis 1:26) As we continue to learn about Jehovah’s qualities, we will learn about him. Jesus rebuked the Pharisees and the Sadducees for manifesting the good qualities of God. Although they knew the Law very well, Jesus said that they “received the things that are most precious in the Law, namely, righteousness, mercy, and truth.” (Matt. 23:23) We intend to do that, but we want to see how Jehovah’s good qualities are manifested in the laws and practices that we learn in the Bible. Doing so will help us to show Jehovah’s good qualities.—1 John 4:8, 11.

WHAT SHOULD WE DO TO BE LIKE JEHOVAH?

11 How can you know the truth? Maybe your parents taught you about Jehovah. Maybe they shared the Bible with you, or they told you how Jehovah’s commands show his goodness. Or maybe one of Jehovah’s Witnesses taught you the Bible. Maybe the person who taught you the Bible used the book Forever Living! to help you, and you can see how the Bible’s teachings and Jehovah’s commands show his goodness.* (Neh. 8:8; Lev. 14:17) Now, let’s look at how you can find the truth.

* See the article, “The Spirit of God’s Word,” page 20 of The New American Bible.

* See article 07 August 5-7 in the magazine Let’s Live Happily Ever After!

8. How will our closeness to Jehovah affect our relationship with him? (Psalm 73:24-28)

9. If we ‘remember’ Jehovah all the time, how will it help us in the future? Give an example.

10. What will learning about Jehovah help us do?

11. How can one come to the truth?

16 BUSINESS

Meditate on Jehovah’s Works to Get to Know Him Better (Paragraph 15)

Let’s consider what we can do to help ourselves learn more about Jehovah.

12 Of course, we need to study the Bible carefully to learn everything we can about Jehovah. Sometimes the Bible speaks directly about God’s qualities. (Exodus 34:6, 7) Other times, it does, but it does so in reference to human behavior. When you are faced with such situations, you may ask yourself, ‘What does this tell me about Jehovah?’

13 For example, as you read Jeremiah 38:6-13, you will see that it was an Ethiopian man named Ebed-melech who caused Jeremiah the prophet to be delivered. It may seem difficult to find ways to learn from Ebed-melech’s sacrifice, mercy, and love. However, you can learn from Jehovah’s goodness in this case as well. (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) For example, what is there in this passage that shows that Jehovah is merciful, merciful, and judgmental? Then, what is the good thing you can learn about Jehovah in this case? Whenever you read something in the Bible, see if you can relate it to the standards that Jehovah has set, and if you can relate it to God’s standards, and if you can relate it to God’s standards.

14 Therefore, we can learn all things about Jehovah if we put our faith in his works. (Psalm 145:9, 10) This requires us to look at more than just evil things. Some people put their faith in evil things, yet they doubt that God does things, and they refuse to see the good things that he has! The Apostle Paul describes them as “seeing [God’s] works for their own sake, and being eternally attached to the God that he has. 1:20) One Bible commentator says, “If a man thinks of things in terms of what is good or evil, he cannot see the things of God.” This means that we need to have a clear mind and a clear heart.

12-13. What can we learn about Jehovah from studying the Bible? Give an example. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also the audio at the end of the book.)

14. Why should we consider the things that Jehovah has given us?

JULY 2026 17

and the LORD gave them, that the things that he had given them might be revealed.

15 When you’re in the woods, it can be easy to lose your sense of humor. Consider Patrick, a brother in Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo. He says: “The other day, I decided to go out to the woods. Sometimes, I saw some young men and women who were busy doing their jobs or picking wood. One day, I saw some men and women who were picking wood. I asked them what they were doing. They said they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. They said they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. They said they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. They said they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. They said they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. They said they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. They said they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. They said they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. They said they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. They said they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. They said they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood. I asked them what they were picking wood It is true that we are in trouble, but these wise men have seen some things, and they have taken care of them and their children.” Brother Patrick only looked at the wise men, but he thought about what this could teach him about the Creator. He said: “I learned that Jehovah cares about all the things that he makes, clothes and clothes. This gave me the confidence that no matter what I am, Jehovah will look after me, and he will give me the things I need.”

16 A third way we can help ourselves to know Jehovah’s love is to think about what he will do for us in the future. Mary, the mother of Jesus, did the same. She knew Jehovah well, and ‘he rejoiced in her.’ (Luke 1:30) But Jehovah had a special task for her at that time. He didn’t want to prove that Jesus was the Son of God. Jehovah sent the angel Gabriel and Mary’s mother Elizabeth to help Mary understand that Jehovah was interested in her, and that he would speak to her.

15. What did Brother Patrick do to get to know Jehovah better, and what can you do to follow his example? (See also the video.)

16. What helped Mary, the mother of Jesus, to grow close to Jehovah, and how can we learn from her example? (See also the video.)

Reflect on What Jehovah Has Done for You to Get to Know Him Better (Paragraph 16)

18 HYƐƆMI MƆ

(Luke 1:46-55) Just as Mary rejoiced at what Jehovah did for her and showed confidence, so too we rejoice and show confidence when we are helped by Jehovah “in a time of need.” (Heb. 4:16) When you experience a difficulty like this, ask yourself: ‘What does this tell me about Jehovah? What does it teach me about myself?’ What does Jehovah’s love show in what he has done for me?’

WA MAA YA NƆ MAA KASE JEHOVAH HE NÍ DAA

17 In the future, we will continue to learn all things concerning Jehovah. In the meantime, Jehovah will give us spiritual revelations that will teach us what he wants us to do. (Rev. 20:12) We will discern evil things carefully, and we will learn all things carefully. (Isa. 11:6-9) However, if we allow Jehovah to guide our hearts and minds in life, and if we see how he helps us in our daily lives, we will experience Jehovah’s compassion in the future.

18 Jehovah cares about what we learn, because he is with us forever. Therefore, “he knows the heart of the mind.” (Ps. 90:2; 147:5) Also, “what the true God has prepared for us to eternal life, man can never know.” (Phil. 3:11) Therefore, whether we are in the truth or not, let us all use every opportunity we have to learn all things from our heavenly and loving Father.

17-18. Why can we be confident that we will continue to learn about Jehovah?

18: A brother who is concerned about how Jehovah is helping him to do a work that will be placed on his shoulder at the summer meeting. 19: A brother who is concerned about how Jehovah is helping him to do a work that will be placed on his shoulder at the summer meeting.

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

■ What does it mean to love Jehovah?

■ Why is it important for us to be kind to Jehovah?

■ In what way should we walk in the presence of Jehovah?

CHAPTER 28 How to Give to Jehovah

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

LA 79 Do You Believe in God?

HOW TO GET TO KNOW GOD Help your Bible student to get to know Jehovah better, and also to know how he treats his loves and thoughts.

A Young Man’s Relationship with Jehovah

“If any man shall inherit eternal life, he must come to know the only true God.”—JOHN 17:3.

WHEN YOU see a Bible student attend a congregational meeting, then develop a desire to answer questions, then share what he has learned with others, and finally give his life to Jehovah and be baptized, what do you think? You must be overjoyed! Indeed, we know that it was Jehovah who helped your Bible student to do these things, so we greatly appreciate and imitate him.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John 3, 4.

2 Jehovah wants “all kinds of people to come to a full knowledge of the truth.” (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Therefore, Jehovah wants all people to come to know him and to know his will for mankind. (Yer. 9:24) To do so, one must first come to a full knowledge of the truth. What does “full knowledge” mean? It means that one knows everything about God alone. One Bible scholar says that a person who has a full knowledge of the truth is one who hopes to enable the person he is studying to grow in faith so that he will be pleased with God. As a Bible student gets to know Jehovah better, his attitude will change, and he will be able to have “true life.”—John 17:3.

3 Jehovah has given us the task of helping young people get to know him better. In this lesson, we will consider the following questions: Why should Bible students get to know Jehovah better? How can we teach them about Jehovah? How can we help them put what they learn about Jehovah into practice?

1. What should you do if a Bible student leaves Jehovah’s Witnesses?

2. What does Jehovah want Bible learners to do? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this lesson?

20

WHO USED THE BIBLE TO HELP ENHANCE HIS KNOWLEDGE OF JEHOVAH?

4 Jesus said that we should love Jehovah with all our heart and with all our soul and with all our mind and with all our strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) Before a Bible student develops love for Jehovah, he must first learn to love him. We want a Bible student to devote his life to Jehovah, to us, to a Bible teacher, or to the church. Therefore, the best way to ensure that a Bible student develops love for Jehovah is to help him or her learn to love him or her.

5 There is a link between love and loyalty. When a Bible student learns more about Jehovah and loves him, he will be encouraged to love him. Jesus said: “That the world may know that I love the Father, and that I do just as the Father commanded me.” (John 14:31) Similarly, when a Bible student learns more about Jehovah and loves him, he will be encouraged to love him and be faithful to him.—1 John 5:3.

6 When a Bible student learns more about Jehovah’s love, it will help him or her to be more compassionate. For example, if a person is compassionate, he or she does not have to live with others who are compassionate, or listen to books about how others are compassionate, to be compassionate. Instead, he or she needs to be compassionate himself or herself, and then he or she will be more compassionate and will know how to be compassionate in different situations. Similarly, if a Bible student wants to know Jehovah, he must not study the Bible alone, but he must apply the Bible’s principles to his life, and if he sees how to do so in order to live a good life, then he will know Jehovah deeply. If he knows everything about Jehovah and sees the different ways in which Jehovah has spoken to him, this will help him to apply the Bible’s principles to his life in different ways.

(Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) When he was a young man, Joseph learned about Adam and Eve, and later about Abraham and Sarah. (Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) The lessons he learned about these people helped him to understand Jehovah’s thoughts about life and procreation. Because Joseph knew Jehovah well, when Potiphar’s wife wanted to have children with him, he said to her: ‘Why should I commit this great sin, and commit such a sin against God?’ (Genesis 39:7-9) Joseph knew what Jehovah liked and what he thought. He knows what pleases God. Therefore, he does what is right. As we help our Bible students to get to know Jehovah better, it will help them to do what is right in his sight.

READ THE BIBLE AND KNOW THAT JEHOVAH LOVE YOU

8 What can you do to teach your Bible student how Jehovah is? Jehovah would have given Job 50 years of hardship, and that would have helped him learn to love Jehovah! (Job 38:1–41:34) We too can learn to love. The examples in the book We Shall Live Forever! can help a Bible student learn how Jehovah is. (See the section entitled “The Years That Will Bring Us Happiness.”) So, use examples.

4. According to Mark 12:30, what is the title that we should hold when studying the Bible with someone?

5. If a Bible student develops love for Jehovah, what will that encourage him to do?

6. If a Bible student came to know Jehovah better, how would that help him when he was in trouble? Give an example.

7. How did Jehovah and Joseph help him to overcome his fears?

8. How can You Will Live Forever! help your Bible student become a follower of Jehovah?

JULY 2026 21

The Days of Our Lives Must Be Full of Joy and Joyfulness

The topics in Let’s Study the Bible! are designed to help Bible students get to know Jehovah better. These topics include:

“How Does Jehovah Treat Those Who Preach the Good News?” (paragraph 21)

‘How Does What You Have Learned About Jehovah and Jesus Affect Your Perception of Salvation at Armageddon?’ (page 33)

“How Would Jehovah React If You Turned Your Back on Him? Why?” (paragraph 34)

"How do you think Jehovah would react if you were to serve him in this way?" (p. 42)

“What Do We Learn from Jehovah’s Use of Words in This Family?” (page 56)

“How does Jehovah’s tolerance of sin show that he is compassionate, merciful, and loving?” (page 57)

They help your Bible student to get to know Jehovah.

9 In addition to Bible study, we encourage our Bible students to study the Bible daily.* How can we help them learn more about Jehovah as they study the Bible? One way is to say that as they study the Bible, they hope to see why Jehovah let their enemies be destroyed, and what that tells them about Jehovah. Jacob gave an example of this when he discussed the case of Job. Jacob not only spoke of Job’s misery, but also of Jehovah’s qualities, namely, mercy and forgiveness.—Read James 5:11.

10 When our Bible students read a passage, we want them to compare what Jehovah likes with what he thinks is right in the situation. For example, when our Bible student looks at the section entitled “The Bible’s Way of Living” in the book, Life Is Worth Living!, he says that he wants to read about Daniel being hanged. If so, we can encourage him to consider the following questions: ‘Why does Jehovah like Daniel? What does this tell me about what Jehovah likes?’ (Dan. (Dan. 6:10, 22) Or he might ask: ‘What happened to the men who arrested Daniel? What does this tell me about what Jehovah thinks?’ (Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) Instead, we can encourage him to think about other things that he can do.

* An example of an activity you can do in chapter 5 of Be Happy Forever! says: “Check out the ‘Read the Bible Now’ tab to help you read the Bible every day.”

9-10. (a) What should a Bible student learn about Jehovah as they study the Bible? (James 5:11) (b) In the case of Daniel, what lessons can a Bible student learn about Jehovah’s thoughts and desires?

Encourage your Bible student to learn more about Jehovah by reading a Bible verse that resonates with him or her (Paragraphs 12-13)

6:26, 27.

11 When we see that our Bible student is enjoying what he is studying, we are encouraged. But we should help him to see that Jehovah, our Father, is teaching him. (Isa. 30:20, 21) It may be that our Bible student will disagree with us about what we are studying with him, or maybe he will disagree with us about how we try to teach him. Although it may be that he does not disagree with us, we should always acknowledge that Jehovah is the One who teaches him, so he should not disagree with him, but with us.

YOU USE YOUR BIBLE STUDY AND HOW IT TEACHES ABOUT JEHOVAH AS YOU WANT

12 A Bible student should apply what he learns about Jehovah in his life.

11. Why is it important to help our Bible students see that Jehovah is their teacher?

12-13. How should a Bible student’s knowledge of Jehovah’s name help him or her when reading the Bible? (See also the video.)

So, how can you encourage your Bible student to do this? One way to do this is to teach them to think about what they know about Jehovah when they read a Bible passage and think about it. For example, if they are reading a Bible passage about how Jehovah handled certain things in the past, it might make them feel guilty about how Jehovah destroyed some people but saved others. If so, how can you encourage them to feel guilty about how Jehovah destroyed some people but saved others?

13 You can encourage your Bible student to reflect on what he has learned about Jehovah. You can encourage him to ask: “How does Jehovah look at life? (2 Pet. 3:9) What kind of sacrifice did Jehovah make to save us from sin? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Does Jehovah forgive those who forgive him? Does he forgive those who forgive him? (Exodus 34:6, 7) Sometimes, the Bible tells us all that we need to know so that we can understand why he has acted in a certain way.

JULY 2026 23

But since we know our God, and are certain that he does all things, it is necessary for us to acknowledge those things.

14 What else can you do to help your Bible student put what he has learned about Jehovah into practice? For example, suppose that your Bible student is attending church meetings, but he feels uncomfortable with a brother in the congregation. Perhaps that brother has done something that upsets him. What can you do to help him? Encourage him to think about how Jehovah treats his brothers and sisters in the congregation. For example, he may ask: “What sacrifices did Jehovah make to show that he loves them?” (John 3:16) How important is unity to Jehovah? (Acts 133:1) How will Jehovah feel when we lose hope in our relationship with him? (2 Cor. 13:11) Let your Bible student be encouraged by the fact that Jehovah will be more pleased with us if we base our judgments on the good qualities of our brothers and sisters rather than on their shortcomings.

14. What can you do to help a Bible student who is concerned about leaving a brother in the church?

Encourage your Bible student to behave in a way that pleases Jehovah (Paragraphs 15-16)

15 Therefore, you may want to encourage your Bible student to apply what he has learned about Jehovah to his life. You may want to guide his decision by referring to chapter 35, “Let Us Go and Do Good,” in the brochure Living for the Kingdom. But what if your Bible student is praying and searching for answers to a question, but still feels that he needs to make a decision about it? Perhaps he sees all the Bible principles that apply to the question, but he knows only the part of them that applies to his life. You may want to talk to your child about Jesus’ example. What example would Jesus set if he had to make a choice? He said: “I always do the things that please [my Father].” (Read John 8:29) Encourage your Bible student to ask himself, ‘Apart from the things that I seek, and the things that I have learned about Jehovah, what choice will I make that will please Jehovah?’ A choice that will please Jehovah is a good choice.

16 It may have been difficult for a Bible student in Chile to make a difficult decision. Her family wanted her to accept a job that would make her a living. But if she did, it would have meant that she would have to miss congregation meetings for a few days. Marianne, who is studying with her, says: “I encouraged her to think about how her decision would make Jehovah feel. Would it make him feel bad? Would it make him feel guilty? Would it make him feel guilty that he had chosen to do something that was not right? Would it make him feel guilty that he had chosen to do something that was not right? Would it make him feel guilty that he had chosen to do something that was not right? Would it make him feel guilty that he had chosen to do something that was not right? Would it make him feel guilty that he had chosen to do something that was not right? Would it make him feel guilty that he had chosen to do something that was not right? Would it make him feel guilty that he had chosen to do something that was not right? Would it make him feel guilty that he had chosen to do something that was not right? Would it make him feel guilty that he had chosen to do something that was not right? Would it make him feel guilty that he had chosen to do something that was not right? Would it make him feel guilty that he had chose

15-16. (a) If a Bible student has a difficult experience, how can he learn from Jesus’ example? (John 8:29) (b) What did Marianne do to help her Bible student who had a difficult experience? (See also the video.)

24 HYƐƆMI MƆ

I also encouraged him to pray to Jehovah about the matter, and to look for a way for Jehovah to respond to his prayer. He did not accept our invitation. But he was ill and had a good job that would allow him to attend all the meetings in the congregation.” Marianne also told her Bible student what she wanted him to do or not, but encouraged him to put his faith in what he knew about Jehovah first. This made a good relationship between him and Marianne, and while he was ill, he loved Jehovah very much. Mary-Anne concluded her Bible study by saying: "It seems that if we make serving Jehovah the main focus of our lives, it will never fail us."

MAY JEHOVAH HELP ME IF YOU KNOW

17 As we study the Bible with our students, we teach them all the important things. For example, we teach them some of the Bible’s basic teachings. For example, the resurrection of the dead, why Jesus died, and what God’s Kingdom will do. But we also teach them how to govern the church. For example, what happens at church meetings, what the elders do, and what the ministers do. But as we saw in this lesson, we only want our students to learn these things. Instead, we want them to know Jehovah deeply.

18 It is a great way for us to teach others to come to know Jehovah! Even now, those who come to know Jehovah and serve him have great joy and live a good life. (Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, all who come to know Jehovah, and “he is true,” will have eternal life. (1 Jn. 5:20) But that’s not all. The Bible tells us that those who hope to know Jehovah, and use their deeds to show that they love him, “God will know them.” (1 Cor. 8:3) Yes, Jehovah God will come to know us and call us his people.

18. What will be the consequences for those who come to know Jehovah?

17. Besides the basic Bible teachings that our Bible students should know, what is the most important thing that we would like them to know?

TELEPHONE CALL August 24: Peemi asks about Marianne’s Bible study and her job.

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

■ Why should a Bible student be close to Jehovah?

■ How can we teach our Bible students the way Jehovah is?

■ How can we help a Bible student apply what he or she is learning about Jehovah in his or her life?

LA 84

Ha Waa Ye Bua

NƆ HE SANE

Jehovah Will Forgive Me When I Give My Heart to Someone

KEN KIUCHI NYA MI MUNYU

I WAS a volunteer at the Brooklyn Bethel in New York City, U.S.A. When I came to work at the Bethel, I was shocked by the standards of cleanliness and the manner in which the staff were treated. The papers they used to wrap were broken, and the light they used to light them was burning.

When I went to Bethel, I was shocked by everything I saw, but I was especially encouraged by the brothers and sisters who served there. These brothers and sisters were doing their work every day. Although their work was humble and unrecognizable, they were very joyful. Their example made me realize that I should dedicate my life to the service of God.

Jehovah carefully trained me to be a good person. But in particular, let me tell you how I pursued the path of truth when I was at the Buddha University.

THE CHAPTER HAS THE WORDS “THE BLOOD WILL BE SUCH AS I AM”

I was born in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A., where I grew up. I was three years old, and I was a teacher. My parents were Japanese, but because they thought that life would be better in the United States, they decided to move there. They wanted us, and their children, to go to school and live there so that we could have a better life.

My parents taught us Buddhism. Under my mother's direction, there was a Buddhist temple in the place where he lived. His father and his two brothers served as priests in the Buddhist temple. So, all of us in the family taught us Buddhism. When I was home, if I had money, the only thing I would do was to go to the Buddhist temple in our house and ask him to do some work. On Sundays, we went to the Buddhist temple, and we said some specific words to the Buddhist temple in our house. The Buddhist temple was better than what was in our house, and they took money for it.

I remember that when I was about to turn 18, I went to sit by the fireplace in our house and I began to think. I said to myself: ‘What will happen to me when I die?’ I was taught in the Buddhist school that if I died, I would continue my life as a Buddhist. Therefore, I thought that I would die one day. But if I died and became a Buddhist, I would be able to continue my life as a human being. This thought hurt me deeply, and I knew that no one would care about it!

When I was about 15 years old, I stopped thinking about the things that were bothering me in Buddhism. I knew that something was wrong with my life. (Matt. 5:3) I was confident that God would help me.

26

HYƐƆMI MƆ

I thought that maybe the Bible could not answer my questions. So, I had the King James Version of the Bible when the Buddhists were in jail. It surprised me that I went to a place where there was a Bible!

One day while I was walking along the street, I met a young man named Wilson Bashou. I was 17 years old at the time. He asked me, “Do you know what Jehovah has planned for the future?” This prompted us to study the Bible together. Wilson read Revelation 17:1, and asked me, “What are the ‘big beasts’ that the beast has slain?” I said, “I know.” So he read chapter 15, which describes the beasts being slain. This made me realize that Jehovah’s Witnesses use different Bible verses to explain the Bible verses they teach. It shocked me. After we finished the ceremony, Wilson gave me a copy of The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life. It changed my life forever.

The next day, I went to the church meeting. That was the only time I would go to the Kingdom Hall. I was really concerned about how the brothers would react to me. After that, I skipped the church meetings. Later, Wilson began studying the Bible with me. I was so pleased with what I was studying that sometimes we studied together. But my parents were not pleased that I was studying the Bible, so they put me away. But after all this, I continued to study the Bible, and it made me know that what I was studying was true. As a result, I was baptized in 1983.

I WAS IN THE UNIVERSITY WHEN MY FATHER DIED

After I was baptized, I went to a prestigious university to become a doctor. My parents were very proud of me so that I could go to that university. I could not go to the university I was going to, but I wanted to spend my whole life serving Jehovah.

My father was upset when he said, “If you go to university, I’ll take you home!” I didn’t know what to do, because I loved my parents, and I thought I would do something that would please them. Sometimes, when I was at school, I would go to the river, and I prayed a lot. I said to Jehovah, “Please, help me not to go to the river.” I went to the university. This made my father upset and he took me home. I called Wilson right away and told him what was going to happen. He told me to go to him. Therefore, I packed all my belongings into a single bag, and fled back to Wilson's house. When I arrived at his house, I felt that something was wrong with me, because I knew that I was going to have a hard time.

I felt like I had been thrown out! I was confident now that I could devote my life to serving Jehovah. So, in 1984, I took up the free-will ministry.

While I was serving as a volunteer, Jehovah helped me to have all the good things. It was filming. One day, he told me to go to a filming location. I was nervous because I didn’t know anyone I could go to a filming location with. But anyway, I went. After about two hours of filming, I made the decision to go to a location where there was no water. At that time, the rain came on me, and it felt like water. It made me happy.

I used Wilson Bashou to teach me the truth.

PARKING

JULY 2026 27

I was living with people in a shelter in Brooklyn.

I met Michiko Oda and her husband and we loved each other.

I didn’t know what to do. But while I was on the road, I met a man who was very rude. I thought he was going to talk to me. I didn’t know what to do. He refused to take me to study the Bible, or else he would leave Jehovah’s Witnesses.

I WENT TO TSOMEMIHI AT BROOKLYN BETEL

After two years of living with Wilson, I was invited to serve at the Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As I had expected, I was assigned to work in the Missions Department. During one of my missions, I made a mistake, which resulted in thousands of letters being thrown away. The brothers with whom I worked in the Missions Department told me to go and tell the supervisor. So I went and told him the whole truth, but there was one thing that was very important for me to do. I asked them. Therefore, my supervisor encouraged me and said, “Every time you make a mistake, you have to repent.” This made me realize that I had to acknowledge my mistakes and repent.

The good example of the faithful brothers who spent their years at Bethel encouraged me and taught me how important it is to serve others. One summer when we were serving at Bethel, I was in the same group as brother Milton Henschel, who was in charge of the Young People’s Ministry. At that time, there were more volunteers than they had expected. Therefore, the brothers who were in charge of the ministry were confident that they would be able to keep everyone in the service. But the young women who were in charge of the ministry complained that the volunteers were treated unfairly. Brother Henschel agreed, but he had to go and visit the prisoners. It would have been a shame for Brother Henschel to go and visit the prisoners. This reminded me of when Jesus warned his disciples about this.—John 13:3-5.

"IT'S LIKE JAPAN HAS BEEN KILLED!"

In 1987, I had a chance to go to Japan. I was encouraged by the fact that my fellow Japanese were so eager to learn Japanese.

28 HYƐƆMI MƆ

I wanted to help them in the filming, but I couldn’t speak Japanese. A brother in Bethel named Michiko Oda looked at me and said, “You need to learn Japanese!” So I decided to do it. Maybe that letter changed my life.

A few years later, I was invited to join a Japanese-speaking congregation in New York. The Japanese language I had learned opened up many doors for me in Jehovah’s Witnesses. In 1989, I attended a meeting in Los Angeles, California. It was the only time I had ever attended a Japanese-speaking meeting. I was very impressed by a young woman called Miwako Onami, who was an assistant minister and helped people make drama.

Miwako and I decided to marry in 1992, and she encouraged me to join her in the Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako thinks about it, and I am glad. Every time, she dreams of helping others. Her example helps me learn how to live with others. Miwako has a mission to Jehovah. Every time, she gives me encouragement and gives me what I need.

WE VISITED JAPAN BETEL, AND WE VISITED THE WORLD CENTER

While I was growing up, Miwako’s parents in Japan were very upset. So in 1999, they invited us to serve at the Japanese branch office so that we could take care of them.

The brothers who are serving at the Japanese Bethel made us feel like we were coming to Japan, and that made us feel confident. The brothers in Japan are very cheerful, and they do a great job. The good things they do inspire me. They do their job well. Also, they work together. Because in the Japanese way of life, if they have to do something, they do it in a group rather than one person doing it alone. This allows them to do everything. His good example encouraged me to live in harmony and to work together with younger people. It also encouraged me to rejoice in the small things that I do in the service of Jehovah, because it helps me to grow in the work of Jehovah’s will.

Ligbi nɛ wa sɛ gba si himi mi

Sometimes, the way the brothers and sisters in the congregation do certain things makes me feel like I’m doing something wrong. But I learn that even when I feel like I’m doing something wrong, it’s important to keep calm and not do anything that would upset them. However, I change my mind, and I realize that Jehovah can give us any guidance he gives us if we follow it to the letter, because Jehovah alone makes things right.

Every day, I compare the training I received at Bethel to that of Moses. After Moses served as a watchman for 40 years, Jehovah continued to train him to become a man of his own accord. Just as Moses had said, I went to a prestigious university. I went to the university to pursue my own interests, and I pursued my own interests. But Bethel, where I served, encouraged me and made me realize that I had to pursue my own interests, and put my faith in Jehovah. Just as Jehovah put his heart in training Moses, so did Jehovah in giving me the great gifts I needed.

JULY 2026 29

We watched Miwako’s parents for about 24 years until they died. It was difficult to call Miwako’s parents and the doctors who were watching them many times. This made us very sad. At some point, Miwako’s mother was so sad that she couldn’t go home and get well. So we allowed her to go to church meetings and movies, and when she lived a few years before she died, she was in a wheelchair. It was not a blessing for her, but the love she had for Jehovah was much stronger. Every time, she joyfully spoke about the truth. Although Miwako’s mother, Masako, had a difficult childhood, she continued to serve Jehovah with joy. This is a good example that I want to follow.

We served in Bethel for 30 years. But in 2004, our assignment was changed, and we were assigned to serve as volunteers in a deserted camp in Okinawa. We had the opportunity to serve with some families. The location of these families and the availability of some tables matched. Our father’s assignment at Bethel helped us to make adjustments in our lives so that we could serve in the ministry. We made sure to set our priorities clearly so that we could use our time effectively in the ministry. Jehovah has blessed us with Bible students who treat us like family. Now, we will see how important it is to love others deeply. My wife and I thank Jehovah every day for giving us this job.

I LET GOD DO WHAT HE WANTS ME TO DO

Now, my brothers and sisters are serving Jehovah, but they are also dying. However, Jesus promised that if anyone abandons his brothers and sisters and follows him, he will have many brothers and sisters, and they will become like his brothers and sisters. (Mark. 10:29, 30) This word of Jesus comes true in my way. Indeed, the brothers and sisters who are dying have shown their love for me, and I see that their family is poor, and I will not be able to listen to them.

Wilson’s Truth is my lifeline today. Every time I read it, I remember the way Jehovah led me to know him. (1 Chr. 28:9) Therefore, I pray that Jehovah will continue to train me and to help others learn the truth and gain eternal life.

During My Service at the Japan Bethel

I and Miwako spent our summers in Okinawa.

30 HYƐƆMI MƆ

If an Accident Happened and a Brother Killed You, Go Home!

Has a brother done something to you that you love, and the bond between you and him has been broken? If so, it is better for you to be calm and to do something kind, so that good bond may exist between you. *

For example, if a man's father dies, and he goes to see a doctor, and the doctor tells him that the father is dead forever, the pain will go away. But if the doctor does the right thing, then he should go and see him. The right thing is that the father and the dead should be treated with care, and he should say so.

The same is true of our conduct. If a grief arises between us and one of our brothers, we ought to deal with it calmly. If we do so, the love that is in us will disappear, and it may lead to hatred of the brother, and ultimately to the destruction of the good relationship that exists between us. Jesus teaches that it is important that we ‘deal with one another’ when a grief arises. (Matt. 5:25) Therefore, go to your father, and speak to him in private, and tell him what is in your heart. But doing so may be difficult at times. Why? Let us consider two reasons.

Of course, it may seem to me that you are unwilling to work with me, because you are afraid that you will not be able to go with the brother.

* If a dispute arises between two Christians, but the parents are at odds, then the two of them alone should deal with it, and it will be to their own advantage. (Matt. 5:23, 24) But there are some cases where there is a dispute, and it may be necessary for you to admonish the parents. (Matt. 18:17) But if you are going to admonish the parents, apply the admonition in Matthew 18:15, 16 immediately, but in the end, it will be necessary for you to do so.

Consider the Christian couple Euodia and Syntyche. They had a lust, and it made their hearts sorrowful. It may be that they had a lust, and it made their hearts sorrowful, because Paul heard about them when he was in Rome. Therefore, Paul encouraged them to find a way to separate themselves, so that peace might come. (Phil. 4:2) If they are self-sufficient, and devoted to the lust, and are willing to forgive their sins, then there will be good fruit in their relationship.

If you have a problem with your brother or sister, do not put your judgment on him or her, but do whatever you can to make things better between you. This is the most important thing. If you have a problem with your brother or sister, do not put your judgment on him or her, but do whatever you can to make things better between you. This is the most important thing. If you have a problem with your brother or sister, do not put your judgment on him or her, but do whatever you can to make things better between you. This is the most important thing. If you have a problem with your brother or sister, do not put your judgment on him or her, but do whatever you can to make things better between you. This is the most important thing. If you have a problem with your brother or sister, do not put your judgment on him or her, but do whatever you can to make things better between you. This is the most important thing. If you have a problem with your brother or sister, do not put your judgment on him or her, but do whatever you can to make things better between you. This is the most important thing. If you have a problem with your brother or sister, do not put your judgment on him or her, but do whatever you can to make things better between you. This is the most important thing.

If you have a dispute with a brother or sister, try to talk to him or her as often as you can so that you can keep your friendship alive. “Let no anger or grief grow in [your] heart.” (Eph. 4:26) Trying to keep your friendship alive will help to foster “peace and harmony” in the congregation.—Eph. 4:1-3.

* If a brother or sister does something that displeases us, but does not damage the good relationship we have with him or her, we can hope to resolve the matter.—Proverbs 26:20.

JULY 2026 31

A WOMAN WHO WAS GOD’S CHOICE TO BE HIS WIFE

July 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 7 DANGME

MUNYUHI AND NGƐ MI

Cities to be visited on September 7-13 | 2

Moo Kase Gibeonbi Ɔmɛ

Cities to be visited on September 14-20 | 8

Let Isaiah’s Song Be Your Song

Cities to be visited from September 21-27 | 14

Jehovah’s Witnesses

The towns to be visited from September 28–October 4 | 20

A Young Man’s Relationship with Jehovah

NƆ HE SANE | 26

Jehovah Will Forgive Me When I Give My Heart to Someone

31. If a Friend or Neighbor Is in Need, Help Him or Her! | 31

WHEN NOT TO USE

Mo Dla O He Konɛ O Ha Sane Heto Nɛ Maa Wo Ni Kpahi He Wami

When we attend church meetings, we have the opportunity to encourage our brothers and sisters with our own testimony. (Heb. 10:24, 25) But what can help us to give a convincing testimony?

• Pray to Jehovah. Ask Jehovah to help you so that your answer will please him and encourage others.—Psalm 35:18.

• Be prepared to defend yourself in court. When you defend yourself, others will see how much you love Jehovah, and they will not be disappointed.

• Be concise in your answer. In many cases, a concise answer encourages others. It also gives them the opportunity to speak in the congregation.—Proverbs 10:19.

• Let your argument be encouraging. When you are arguing, bring your point to the attention of your fellow believers or the church.

By showing respect, you can encourage others. You can do this by showing respect for others and by respecting their opinions.—Proverbs 10:21.

This donation is voluntary. It is made to support the work of Bible education, and it is made on a voluntary basis. If you would like to donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

The terms listed below are taken from The Clear Mother—The True Motherhood. If we use a different motherhood in a context, we will indicate it.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit jw.org, or scan this QR code

JW.ORG

w26.07-DG