SEPTEMBER 2026

YOU ARE GETTING TO KNOW JEHOVAH’S WORDS

ADESUA NAME: NOVEMBER 2–DECEMBER 6, 2026

NOVEMBER 2-8, 2026

DWOM 3 Our Strength, Our Hope and Our Destiny

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

Why can we be sure that Jehovah will protect us now and in the future?

Be Reassured That Jehovah Will Protect You

“Say, ‘Jehovah is my refuge.’”—D&C 91:9.

We live in the last days, and the world is about to be destroyed. Soon, disaster will befall the world. Jehovah’s “mind” will direct the believers to produce a “kingship of angels” to stand for the Kingdom of God.* (Rev. 17:17) Then, the angels who have been given power, and the whole new world, will be overthrown; the laws of the world will be destroyed, and after that there will be a short time. (Rev. 17:16) That will be the beginning of the Great Tribulation. Then, what will happen?

(Ezek. 38:14-16) Why? The book, True Worship—Jehovah’s Prayer Lives!, says: “Satan will continue to worship the world, and he will set his mind on destroying Jehovah’s servants and eradicating the true religion from the earth.” This will lead to the Armageddon that will destroy the world. The redeemed congregation, the 144,000 whom Jesus sent, will remove the world’s evil ruler and take us to the new world.—Rev. 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

3 This is the day when Jesus and the heavenly church will be resurrected.

* See “A Reader’s Question” in The Watchtower November 2025.

1-2. What will be the end of the world?

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

2

Yes! Why? Because Jehovah has promised to deliver us. The promise is in Psalm 91:7. It says, “The earth shall pass away from thee, and the sea from thee.” Let’s move on to Psalm 91, and answer the following questions: What is the end of Psalm 91? Now, what does Jehovah deliver us from? Then, what will He deliver us from? Before we answer these questions, let’s first examine Psalm 91 word by word.

HOW DO WE KNOW THAT JEHOVAH WILL SAVE OUR LIFE?

4 Psalm 91:1 and 2 tell us that we can be sure that God will protect His people. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) What is the difference? (Ruth 2:12; Deut. 17:8) The words “the vineyard” and “the vineyards” remind us of how in ancient times people stood in the trenches at the edge of the field to protect themselves from the field and its inhabitants. Those who were working in the fields, when the enemy attacked them, would go into the field to seek refuge. In the next few paragraphs, we will see how Jehovah uses examples to help us reflect on how he treats his people.—Deuteronomy 91:3-13.

5 The words of Psalm 91,

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 remind us that Jehovah will take care of us?

5-6. What promise does Jehovah give us in Psalm 91:14-16, and what reassurance does it give us?

But it is Jehovah Himself who promises to deliver His people. (Read Ps. 91:14-16.) Consider these words: “the land,” “give up yourselves,” “the land,” “follow Him,” and “let us go.” Jehovah promises to deliver His people, because they set their hearts on Him, know His name, and call upon Him. We can be reassured by this promise of Jehovah. (Josh. 23:14) Jehovah’s promise to deliver His people is not an illusion, for He is the Savior!—Num. 23:19.

6 Jehovah writes the words of Psalm 91, because he knows that they will help us to have the assurance that he will save us. (Rom. 15:4) So, following the psalmist’s words, we too can say to Jehovah: “You are my shelter and my refuge.” (Dt. 91:2) So, what assurance can we look forward to from Jehovah?

WHY ARE THE 91 PROPHECIES OF JEHOVAH?

7 Our Bible teaches that Psalm 91 is Jehovah’s promise that He will give us spiritual peace. We can assume that all we need to be able to go on is Jehovah’s love, and He will give it to us. But is this song only talking about spiritual peace? Yes. This Psalm also tells us that if our enemies overwhelm us, Jehovah will not allow them to overwhelm all His servants. Instead, He will give us spiritual peace, and He will give us peace. Why do we say this?

7. What happiness does Psalm 91 say Jehovah will give us?

SEPTEMBER 2026

3

8 Satan used the words in Psalm 91:11, 12 to argue with Jesus that if he left the temple, Jehovah would send angels to deliver him up to the devil. When Satan said that, Jesus answered him. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.) Jesus said, "Go away, Satan! This scripture does not say that Jehovah will deliver me up and leave me alone." Instead, Jesus said, "Let Jehovah your God take care of you." What can we learn from Jesus' response to Satan?

6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) Jesus knew that if he risked his life, he would not be able to see how Jehovah would allow angels to take care of him. But Satan’s claim in Psalm 91 that Jehovah takes care of his servants was true. However, it was very important that he told Jesus to put his life at risk and follow Jehovah. * The way Jesus dealt with Satan helps us to understand Psalm 91 that, in any way Jehovah will protect his people and the enemy will not attack us. On the other hand, whatever we need but our relationship with him is not broken, he will give us, and he will give us peace as well.

10 Jehovah has given us in Psalm 91

* Recently, our reader said that Psalm 91 refers to Jehovah's promise to save us spiritually. He was also told that Satan is using Psalm 91 to say that it is Jehovah's promise to save His servants from despair or failure. See The Watchtower, December 1, 1974, p. 722.

8-9. When Satan questioned Jesus, what answer did Jesus give him, and what can we learn from Jesus’ answer? (Matthew 4:5-7)

10. What kind of vision do we have?

We know that whoever commits himself to Jehovah as his Lord and Savior will commit himself in return. Therefore, we should not be deterred by the uncertainty that will soon overtake the world. Let us consider how Jehovah commits himself to us today, and how he will commit himself to us in the future.

WHAT WILL JEHOVAH DO FOR YOU?

11 Jehovah gives us spiritual strength. That is, everything that can destroy our relationship with him helps us to fight against it. For example, we must always fight against the evil that is in us. Jehovah knows how evil is able to control us. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) Let us consider the means that Jehovah has put in place to help us fight against evil.

12 Jehovah has given us his Word, the Bible. The Bible warns us against evil desires, and it also tells us what we can do to resist them. Let’s consider what Jesus said in Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.) Then Jesus said: “Whoever looks at a woman to lust after her has broken the marriage in his heart.” What do we learn from this?

13 Looking at pornography will make us lust. If we do, it will be difficult for us to resist it. (James 1:14, 15) To resist such lust, we must immediately put into practice Jesus' saying, "If thine enemy offend thee, cut him off."

11. How does Jehovah provide us spiritually?

12-13. What will help us to resist evil desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

OWAN-ABAN

Jehovah uses his knowledge to provide books, videos, and illustrations that help us maintain a close relationship with him (See paragraph 15)

(Col. 3:5) By applying this concept to our lives, we will strengthen our relationship with Jehovah.

(Luke 11:9-13) How does the Holy Spirit help us? The Apostle Paul says: “Be guided by the Spirit, and do not follow the lust of the flesh.” (Gal. 5:16) The translation of this passage in the English Bible says: “The man who is guided by the Spirit seeks the guidance of the Holy Spirit of God, and has control over his mind and his actions. Though he may have evil desires, he will not let go of them; he will quickly change his mind.” Jehovah’s spirit does not take away evil desires, but it can give us the strength to do what is right, and evil desires will not control us. That will make our relationship with Jehovah more meaningful.

15 Jehovah uses His Word to help us. Jehovah uses His Word to provide us with books, videos, and illustrations at the right time. This helps us to communicate with Him. Because we are sinful, sometimes the sins we have committed are past.

14. How does the Holy Spirit help us?

15. How does Jehovah use his knowledge to help us keep our relationship with him? (See also the chapter.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 5

(Matt. 4:3; 6:13) Jehovah’s church gives us spiritual food that shows that Jehovah forgives sins, that we worship him, and that we know that he will obey his command to look after our hands and our needs. (Deut. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Have you ever read something in the congregation’s magazine, or watched a video that immediately struck you and you said, ‘Who are they to me?’ However, Jehovah gives us such words at the right time, and our relationship with him does not break.

(Rev. 2:10; 6:9) However, a few of our brothers and sisters who were killed by Satan’s devils have been restored to him. It’s not a small matter, and it’s a shame for all Jehovah’s faithful servants. (Matt. 24:9; Rev. 12:9-12) But that’s not going to happen! We can be sure that Jehovah has sent his angels to protect us from the devils, so that we can continue to worship him.—Heb. 1:7, 14.

(Prov. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) At the same time, however, we should not be afraid that Jehovah will forgive us for all our troubles. Satan claims that we worship him because he forgives us. So, if Jehovah forgives us for all our troubles, it will prove to mankind and angels that Satan’s claim is true. (Job 1:10, 11) Jehovah is “very angry” with those who trouble his servants, because he wants to preserve his reputation and show that Satan is a traitor. (Rom. 9:22) But it will not be soon; very soon, Jehovah will intervene and put an end to all trouble. Hopefully, when that day comes, Jehovah will give us the strength we need to overcome the troubles we face and to keep our relationship with him intact.—1 Cor.

WHAT WILL JEHOVAH DO ABOUT HIMSELF?

18 When the great tribulation comes to an end, will Jehovah continue to protect his people spiritually? And will he protect us physically? If the evil one throws his hatred on Jehovah’s servants, he is not watching to see that they do not attack us. (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Instead, he will let Jesus Christ and his armies in heaven defeat us. Then it will be time for Armageddon. (Rev. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah defeat his people at Armageddon?

19 The destruction that will come upon Jehovah’s enemies at Armageddon must not be hidden from us. Why? Because we have made Jehovah our refuge and our shelter.

16. (a) In what kind of circumstances does Jehovah allow his servants to fall? (b) What does Jehovah do for his servants?

17. Why should we be sure that whatever difficulties we encounter, Jehovah will overcome them?

18. How will Jehovah deal with us in the future?

19-20. Why shouldn’t we be warned of the destruction that will befall Jehovah’s people at Armageddon? (See also footnote.)

6

OWAN-ABAN

When Jesus and his heavenly host defeat the world at Armageddon, not one of God’s enemies will surrender. But at that time, because we trust Jehovah, he will not allow our enemy to defeat us.

(Jer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) But at that time, because we trust Jehovah, he will not allow our enemies, whether evil or human, to harm even one of us.—Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

20 In the run-up to Armageddon, God’s words to the wicked might help us. He says: “Peace will be near you, and the sword will be in your hand, but you will not rest. Your eyes will see, and you will see the wicked destroyed. Because you said, ‘The Lord is my refuge,’ you will make the sanctuary your dwelling place.” (Dt. 91:7-9) When Armageddon comes, we can be confident that Jehovah will protect each of us spiritually and physically, and that he will give us peace. Because you say, “The LORD is my refuge,” the LORD has promised you, “You will be safe.” So don’t worry about what will happen in the future. If we go and rely on the LORD, even if it seems wrong, he will protect us.

SECOND WARNING: When Armageddon comes, Jehovah will forbid us from fighting or doing anything to us, and will give us peace.

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ What hope does Psalm 91 say Jehovah will give us?

■ How does Jehovah deal with us today?

■ How will Jehovah deal with us in the future?

SONGS 8 Jehovah Is Our Savior

NOVEMBER 9-15, 2026

DWOM 36 Yebɔ Yɛn Koma Ho Ban

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

What will help us to obey Jehovah wholeheartedly.

How to Keep Our Faith in Jehovah

‘Be obedient to the dead.’—ROM. 6:17.

48:17, 18) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:18) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:19) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:20) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:21) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:22) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:23) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:24) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:25) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:26) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:27) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:28) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:29) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah. 48:29) But if there is something ambiguous, that is why we obey Jehovah.

2 The main reason why we obey Jehovah is that we love him deeply. (Matt. 22:37, 38) It is because of our love for him that we ‘obey him from our hearts.’ (Rom. 6:17) So, whether we are listening, whether we are listening, whether someone is watching us, or whether no one is around, we obey Jehovah’s commands because we love him. But the fact is that our hearts are soft, so it is not always difficult for us to obey Jehovah’s commands. In this lesson, we will consider two Bible examples that will help us to obey Jehovah from our hearts at all times. Let’s first look at how the Israelites acted when Jehovah delivered them from Egypt. Later, we will consider a more detailed example of King Jehoshaphat of Judah.

WE GO TO OSETIE AND THEN WE GO TO ASOOODEN

3 Before Jehovah led the Israelites out of Egypt, he gave them some instructions that might have been powerful for them:

1. Why do some people obey elders or superiors?

2. What are the main reasons for believing in Jehovah?

3. Why would it have been difficult for the Israelites to obey Jehovah’s command to offer animal blood for their burnt offerings? (See also the picture.)

8

Though the Egyptians could have killed them, the Israelites obeyed Jehovah’s commands (See paragraph 3)

(Ex. 12:5, 7) Every Israelite who obeyed this commandment would be saved from the Egyptians. But the Israelites could have said that they were afraid that if they obeyed this commandment, the Egyptians would do something to them. Why? Because the Egyptians worshipped idols. (Ex. 8:25-27) But the Israelites didn’t stop there, they saw the need to obey Jehovah, so what Jehovah said to them, “they did just so.” (Ex. 12:12) 12:28) Because of what they did, Jehovah did not forgive either of them.

4 That very night, the Israelites left Egypt. Jehovah told them to go to the Red Sea on the west. Then, he gave them a sign that he had written down. He told them to be careful and not to go between the Red Sea and the mountain. However, if Pharaoh and his army attacked them, they would not get anywhere, because they would pass between Pharaoh and his army and the Red Sea. This time, the Israelites did what Jehovah had told them to do through Moses. (Ex. 14:1-4) But when the Israelites saw that the Egyptians were after them, ‘they were afraid,’ and they asked Moses to send them away as if they were dying. (Ex. 14:5-11) If they were afraid, why were they afraid? What did they do? What did Jehovah see?

5 When the Israelites crossed the Red Sea, they ‘looked upon Jehovah’s work,’ or did not ask him how he would “heal” them. (Read Psalm 106:7.) When Jehovah sent a seasonal plague on the Egyptians, he deprived the Israelites of their food and their help, and the Israelites did not care. But because of Jehovah’s love for them, they hated him so much that they lost faith in Jehovah’s ability to heal them again. Jehovah saw that they were guilty, and he treated them as wicked. Then Jehovah said, ‘We have sinned against the Red Sea.’ When they followed Moses to the Red Sea, they did not change their minds; they went on rebelling against Jehovah.

4. When the Israelites left Egypt, what directions did Jehovah give them to follow?

5. Why did Jehovah curse the Israelites? (Psalm 106:7)

SEPTEMBER 2026 9

Eventually, Jehovah wiped out all the rebellious Israelites, leaving not one of them to enter the Promised Land. (Deut. 106:21, 24-26) What can we learn from what happened?

When the Israelites arrived, they found the Temple in ruins.

6 When Jehovah or those overseeing things give us directions, we may ask ourselves: Do we obey the directions because they are helpful to us? It may be that the reason why some of the Israelites made bloodshed their only concern was that they did not want their country to be destroyed. Also, we may ask ourselves: Is it because we obey Jehovah that we obey him? On the day the Israelites observed the Feast of Twam, Jehovah found “grace in the sight of the Egyptians,” so it was difficult for them to reject Jehovah and leave Egypt. (Ex. 12:36) But later, when the Egyptians saw that they were being slaughtered, they lost faith in Jehovah’s salvation and rebelled. (Ex. 14:10-12) We, for our part, do not want to imitate the Israelites. If Jehovah, or our rulers, give us instructions, we will learn from them and obey them. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) If it seems to us that we should not obey the instructions, or that we should do something that would make our enemies even more angry with us, we will submit to them. How can we be steadfast and courageous like the Israelites?

7 Be strong in your love for Jehovah. If Jehovah’s congregation gives us directions to follow, if it sees how it will help us, or if it sees how it will harm us,

If not, we should say that we obey because of our love for Jehovah and our expectation of him. (1 John 5:3) Our love for Jehovah helps us to be courageous and to wait until things are settled. In the end, we will find that our obedience has paid off.—Ecclesiastes 7:8; Micah 7:7.

For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, the congregation was instructed to serve remotely or by video conference. One elder in Peru said: “When the instructions were issued, it seemed to me that we were doing something that was not appropriate for our country.” Although he had doubts about the instructions, he was determined to obey God and take his advice. (Prov. 3:5, 6) What did he gain by doing so? He said: “Indeed, Jehovah blesses the obedient. Let’s take a look at four examples. In 2020, the High Council made a decision. It said that the congregations and ministries in the different countries should leave, and let them go to their own ministries. A young man in Japan, too, was told by the Council. He said: “I want to be a minister, and I don’t want to go against the council. I know that this decision will bring many blessings.”

9 Rise up, and stand upright. Now is the time for us to stand upright for the gospel. If we do so, and people rise up against us, let us not be discouraged. At the very least, it is possible for us to stand upright for the gospel.

6. How does it help us to have a firm confidence in Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:4)

7. How will strengthening our love for Jehovah help us to obey him?

8. What did the two brothers do to show that they wanted to obey Jehovah?

9. What can we do to prepare ourselves for the resurrection? (See also footnote.)

10 OWAN-ABAN

(Matt. 24:14) However, in the Great Tribulation, the message we preach may be muddy, and we may be hesitant. That will give people a reason to choose whether to follow mankind, or the Kingdom of God. Those who deny Jehovah will reject the message at all, because the message will be like a great “trouble” to them.* (Rev. 16:14, 15; 19:19, 20; 21:3, 4; 22:1, 2; 23:1, 2; 24:1, 2; 25:1, 2; 26:1, 2; 27:1, 2; 28:1, 2; 29:1, 2; 30:1, 2; 31:1, 2; 32:1, 2; 33:1, 2; 34:1, 2; 35:1, 2; 36:1, 2; 37:1, 2; 38:1, 2; 39:1, 2; 40:1, 2; 41:1, 2; 42:1, 2; 43:1, 2; 44:1, 2; 45:1, 2; 46:1, 2; 47:1, 2; 48:1, 2; 48:2, 3; 48:3, 4; 49:1, 2; 49:2, 3; 49:3, 4; 49:4, 5; 49:5, 16:21) They will destroy Jehovah and his people just as Pharaoh destroyed the Israelites at the Red Sea. So regardless of what people say, we must listen to Jehovah and continue to preach the gospel in this time. By doing so, we will prepare ourselves for his resurrection.

SUASUA OSETIA AND YOHOSAFAT ARE NOT THE SAME

10 There are many people in the Bible who became martyrs that we can imitate.

* See “A Reader’s Question” in the August 2015 issue of The Watchtower.

10. What did King Jehoshaphat do when some nations turned away from Juda?

King Jehoshaphat of Judah. At that time, six nations turned away from Juda. If you were Jehoshaphat, which one would you like? And if one was for Jehoshaphat and his men, it was in his way. (2 Kings 20:1-3) But the king did not hold back; he let the Lord tell him what to do. Let us see how Jehoshaphat turned to the Lord and what we can learn from it.

11 Make sure you seek Jehovah’s guidance and advice. When he was threatened, Jehoshaphat “set his heart to seek Jehovah.” (2 Kings 20:3) It was Jehoshaphat’s determination to seek Jehovah’s guidance in everything. (2 Kings 19:3) So when the Assyrians planned to attack Judah, he knew that it was the right time to seek Jehovah and to do whatever he told him. So he prayed to Jehovah with all his heart. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) When we face difficulties, we can also pray to Jehovah for guidance and he will help us. If we do, we will be like Jehoshaphat.—Deuteronomy 119:112.

11. When he heard of Jehoshaphat, what did he do? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

If we remain faithful, we will prepare for the resurrection we may face (See paragraph 9)

11

Congregational elders obey Jehovah, the congregation, and their fellow elders (See paragraph 16)

12 Read the Bible. The promise of Jehoshaphat shows that he was a man who knew the Word of God. Jehovah promised Abraham that he would give the land to his descendants. As that promise came true, Jehoshaphat knew. (Gen. 12:7) The promise of Jehoshaphat, and its words are like the prayer of Solomon when they were dedicating the temple. (2 Kings 6:28-30; 20:5-9) The joy that Jehoshaphat had helped him to turn his face to Jehovah and to obey him. For our part, the joy that we have, is that we should go on obeying him. (Matt. 13:52) Then, whatever trouble we encounter, we can be confident that we will obey Jehovah.

13 Give yourself up. The prayer of Jehoshaphat also shows that he was giving himself up. He was a king with a large army, so he could have shown off that he needed Jehovah’s help. But he gave himself up and prayed in the presence of all the people, asking Jehovah to help them, because they knew what to do. (2 Kings 20:12) Because he was giving himself up, when Jehovah gave him directions, he was quick to act. Likewise, if we give ourselves up, we will obey Jehovah in every situation.—Philippians 2:5, 8.

12. What can we do to make sure we obey Jehovah?

13. How will it help us if we surrender ourselves?

14 He listened, and others watched. Jehovah sent the prophet Jahaziel to answer Jehoshaphat’s prayer. He gave Jehoshaphat a warning that it would not be the people who would fight. The prophet Jahaziel said to them: “Stand still, and see how Jehovah will deal with your life.” The Bible says that at that moment Jehoshaphat “bowed his head.” When he did so, all the people also “bowed their heads... worshipped Jehovah.” Soon after, Jehoshaphat and his men knew that they were facing the enemy. He told the people, “Have faith in Jehovah” and “in the prophets.”—2 Kings 20:14-20.

15 Because of his strong faith, Jehoshaphat “made the people stand,” and he called for men to sing “before the king.” (2 Kings 20:21) Indeed, he spoke to the people before he made that decision. This encouraged his people to turn to Jehovah, and they obeyed. Jehovah blessed them, and the enemy took them captive and killed them.—2 Kings 20:22-24.

14. What did Jehoshaphat do to the commands of the Lord, and what did he say to the people?

15. What did Jehoshaphat do to show that he had great faith?

12 AUGUST

16 The elders of Asaph, the parents, and the overseers of affairs can follow the example of Jehoshaphat. His heartfelt actions helped his servants to be obedient. What he did can be compared to what King Solomon did. As Solomon served Jehovah, he asked Jehovah to give him humility so that he could rule over his servants. He wanted to use Jehovah’s wisdom to judge the people. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Jehoshaphat, too, submitted himself to God’s will. Then he and his servants stood together before making a critical decision, and he encouraged them to obey Jehovah’s directions. The elders of the congregation also followed the example of Jehoshaphat. So before they made any decision concerning the congregation, they searched the word of God in the Bible and the congregation’s books to seek Jehovah’s guidance.

(Prov. 15:22) By their words and actions, they encourage God’s people to follow their example. Parents, for their part, should tell their children that if they obey Jehovah, it will make it easier for their children to do the same.—Prov. 1:8; 14:1.

17 Wherever the work takes us, we must turn to Jehovah, seek guidance from him, and obey him. If we do so, he will turn his hand toward us. Just as he did with his people in ancient times, he still uses the Council and the elders of the congregation to instruct his servants. If we understand the instruction given to us, or even see how it will help us, we must obey it. Let us remember that Jehovah’s will and his power are far greater than ours. (Isa. 55:9) So let us turn from all our hearts to Jehovah.

16. What can parents and guardians do to emulate Jehoshaphat? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also the footnote.)

17. Why should we always rely on Jehovah?

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ What can we learn from the rebellion of the Israelites when they came out of Egypt?

■ What did Jehoshaphat do to show that he had an "aphoristic coma"?

■ How Can We Imitate Jehoshaphat?

DWOM 88 Kyerɛ Me W’akwan

NOVEMBER 16-22, 2026

Share the Message in "Amanaman No Kasa Horow Nyinaa" Mu

DWOM 84 We Help the Work

Let’s look at how Jehovah’s Witnesses have fulfilled the prophecy in Zechariah 8:23.

“All the faithful people of the seven nations shall come to one Judah.”—ZAC 8:23.

(Gen. 11:6-9) But Jehovah said that he would raise up “great priests, unequalled, from every nation and tribe and people and nation,” and cast them into the great tribulation. (Rev. 7:9, 10, 14) If the great tribulation comes, how can people of all languages have faith in Jehovah to save them? We must always dedicate ourselves to bringing the good news to them in their native languages. (Read Romans 10:13, 14.) It is our greatest privilege to be involved in this work of salvation.

2 Many years before the Apostle John wrote the Book of Revelation, Jehovah sent the prophet Zechariah to prophesy, ‘Many will turn to Jehovah, and they will become his people.’ (Zech. 2:11) Later Zechariah prophesied: “This is what Jehovah’s assembly says, ‘In that day all the nations of the earth will come to one man named Judah...

1. Why is it so important to preach the gospel in many languages? (Romans 10:13, 14)

2. What doom did Jehovah foresee for the prophet Zechariah?

14

(Zech. 8:23) Today, this prophecy is coming true. Let us see what each of us can do to make this prophecy come true.

WE SHOULD HAVE THE THEME "A WORLD WITHOUT WAR"

3 The “Judah” spoken of in Zechariah’s prophecy refers to those who are protected by God’s holy spirit. The Bible also calls them “the Lord of Israel.” (Gal. 6:16) These people have a hope of entering heaven. (Heb. 3:1) What about the “people of God” spoken of in Zechariah’s prophecy? They are the righteous who hope to live forever on earth in Paradise. They come from different nations, and there is no nation among them.

4 When Christ appointed the “faithful servants” in 1919, they realized that they needed to do a great work. To do that, they needed to translate the Bible into many languages. (Matt. 24:45) Bible Students had initially recorded a video of creation in many countries. The video was called “Photo-Drama of Creation.” But the faithful servants realized that they needed to expand their reach. For example, in 1921, they released a Bible study book called The Harp of God. To date, it has been translated into over 36 countries. In 1935, the faithful prophet saw that “great priests” would be on the earth forever. These people would be like the “great priests who preach the good news all over the earth.” The leaders of that time realized that they needed to devote themselves to preaching the good news to as many people as possible. So they put in place a system that would enable them to preach the good news throughout the earth. This would fulfill Zechariah’s prophecy.

“WO MAN BETU WƆN HO AMA KORAA”

5 When they were sent to preach the good news, they encountered many unbelievers who spoke foreign languages. As Isaiah predicted, many people from all nations wanted to come to Jehovah for interpretation. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) Therefore, God’s people “put their hearts in their mouths” so that they could speak to these unbelievers. We do this by translating the Bible into foreign languages, and then we listen to what they have to say. (Deuteronomy 68:11; 110:3) In addition, we created the jw.org website and the JW Library® mobile app.

6 One of the ways we show our appreciation for the faithful Master and Servant is by contributing to our worldwide ministry. Thanks to such generous donations, and to the efforts of our brothers and sisters, we have been able to translate the Bible into more than 1,100 languages. As a result, hundreds of thousands of people are baptized every year.

7 Now, it is true that the people of the world

3. Now, to whom do the “Judah” and “Niphad” mentioned in Zechariah’s prophecy refer?

4. When Christ appointed the “faithful Master and Teacher” in 1919, what did he tell them to do?

5-6. How does Isaiah 2:2-4 apply today? (See also footnote.)

7. The vision of Zechariah and John, if we look at it--what does it mean to us? (Revelation 14:6)

SEPTEMBER 2026 15

People from many nations have spoken out against the human promise of the faithful Master and Savior (See paragraphs 5-6)

The angel commanded us to preach “the good news” to “those who dwell on the earth, to every nation, and kindred, and language, and people.” (Read Proverbs 14:6.) When we look at the fruits of the vision of Zechariah and John, we are reassured that all the true prophecies of the Bible will come true.

(Acts 2:4-10) Why did He do that? Because He wanted the disciples to “tell the works of God” to the crowds in their own language. (Acts 2:11) Today, we have printed and video materials translated into many languages, and we testify to people. So in a way, it’s like putting them in their own language and teaching them.

9 It is necessary for people to have the gospel in their own language. Let us consider the following example. Suppose you are going to a foreign country, and you have a serious illness, and you need to see a doctor. But sadly, there is a language that the doctor speaks, and you need someone to translate what the doctor tells you. That is how it is today, many people do not know what they are doing; they do not understand what they are doing.

HOW JEHOVAH WILL TREAT HIS PEOPLE IN THE FUTURE

8 At Pentecost A.D. 33, Jehovah made a miracle to show that, just as He had scattered all mankind at Babel, He would-

8. What did Jehovah do at Pentecost AD 33?

9. How do we testify to people who do not speak our language?

16 OWAN-ABAN

The Bible is the source of comfort and hope. The Bible is the source of comfort and hope. So even if you meet someone who does not speak your language, you can find comfort and hope in the Bible. The reason we can do this is because we have books, videos, and lectures in many different languages.

10 How do we use our magazines and the JW Library app to help people? Let’s consider an example from Robert, who speaks English. One day while he was preaching in a camp, he met a man from Turkey who was working in a factory. The man didn’t speak English very well, so Robert gave him a copy of The Word of God! magazine in Turkish. Robert knew the contents of the magazine so well that he was able to tell the man what sections he could read. The man asked questions about world events, and Robert used the JW Library app to help him find answers in Turkish. “We talked for about a week. At the end of the meeting, he realized that the Bible was a very interesting book and that he could apply its words to his life,” Robert says. “It’s a great pleasure for us to help people understand the Bible in their own language.

11 You’ll be amazed at the benefits of writing to someone or showing them something on the jw.org website in their native language. So, if you meet someone who speaks your language, you can be confident that you will testify in that way.

10-11. What did Jesus learn from the story of a young man named Robert? What did Jesus learn from the story of the man "who had no knowledge but had hope"?

Lub Neej huam tshab Qab Ntut Tshiab thiab Tsoom

Ná Ɔne Anigye Abɔ Nsianho Nanso Onyaa Anidaso

Youa is an English-speaking woman with a family in the United States, and she wanted to live with her children. She speaks only Hmong English. Her husband does not allow her to read any books, not even the Bible. She says, “Let my joy and peace be with you.” One day, an English-speaking sister sent her a letter in Hmong, entitled “Astra in the Land of My Dreams.” She read the Bible verse in the letter, and nothing like that resonated with her. It struck her deeply; it gave her hope that in the future there would be a father waiting for her. She kept the letter in her purse for many years. She didn’t like to read it, but she let her husband know later. Soon after, one of her fathers heard the truth, and he took Youa to a Hmong Bible school. They arranged for one of them to study the Bible with him. The letter in his purse helped him to come to Jehovah, and he began to worship him again.

SEPTEMBER 2026 17

WHY IS IT IMPORTANT TO WORSHIP JEHOVAH IN THE WORLD?

12 The Bible is still being translated today.* The Bible translators did their best to make the word of God accessible to as many people as possible in their own languages, and today we can all hear God’s word in our own languages. In recent years, one book that has helped Jehovah’s people around the world to become one has been the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures. A congregation leader in Nepal said: “Every time I read the Bible in my language, it feels like Jehovah is speaking to me. But the more I love Jehovah, the greater is my hope in him.” The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has been translated into more than 300 languages. Because Jehovah’s servants around the world use this Bible translation, we all have the same understanding. And although we speak different languages, we all understand the same Bible message. Because the Bible translation we use is perfect and unchanged. (1 Cor. 1:10) However, many things in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures make it unchanged.

13 Not all existing Bible translations contain the name of God, Jehovah. However, the New World Translation

* By about 150 A.D., a new translation of the entire Hebrew Scriptures was made into Greek; it is called the Greek Septuagint. It is the earliest translation of the Bible ever made.

12. How Does the New World Translation Help Jehovah’s Witnesses?

13. Why does God’s name not appear in many Bible translations?

100 years later, it is not uncommon to find the name Jehovah in most Bible translations, even in the Hebrew Scriptures. But Christian priests who claimed to represent God, put God's name Jehovah. Also, they didn't want people to see it, so they kept it. The leaders of the Catholic Church have removed God's name from their Bibles and all their books.* The same has happened in many rebellions. But the New World Translation of the Bible, although it does not match the translation, the place where God's name Jehovah is used, has been kept. Why is it important for people to see God’s name? Let’s see.

14 The Bible teaches us the importance of using God’s name. For example, Psalm 135:1 tells us to “make the name of Jehovah known.” When Jesus taught his disciples how to pray to Jehovah, he said: “Let your name be known.” Then he prayed: “Let your name be made known.” (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) The apostle Paul quoted the prophet Joel: “Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will live.” (Rom.

15 Jehovah’s Witnesses have the same

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI ordered the Catholic Church that, when worshipping, singing, or praying, “the name of God should not be invoked.” See also The Watchtower, October 1, 1997, pp. 16-18, pages 4-8.

14. Why is it important that people see God’s name and call it?

15. What do we think of God’s name, Jehovah?

18 AWON-ABAN

In the Bible, God’s name is translated into many languages. This makes it possible for us to use God’s great name, and it shows us the importance of focusing on it. It is up to us to understand God’s name and what it means.—Proverbs 18:10; Isaiah 56:6.

16 The Bible prophesies that soon Jehovah will be “the King of all the earth.” (Rev. 16:14) By that time, those who know Jehovah and devote themselves to him will be destroyed. (Dt. 9:10; read John 17:3.) But those who do not accept Jehovah as their Father and God will know that he is the King of all things when Jehovah demands them to do so. 38:23) At that time, Jehovah’s servants will be overjoyed, for they will know that Jehovah is their redeemer!—Mal. 3:16.

16. Why is it so important for people to see Jehovah? (John 17:3)

17 We have a great opportunity to help fulfill the prophecy in Zechariah 8:23. It is not only our brothers and sisters who have the opportunity to work, but also the angels in heaven. Jehovah has helped us to preach the good news to people of every language on earth. Jehovah has also given us everything we need to preach the good news to people from all nations and tribes and countries. So let us make an effort not to use these things. That will lead many people to worship our God Jehovah who is merciful and merciful, and who judges people. So that Jehovah’s name may be glorified, let us strive to spread the good news and to proclaim his name to all people.—Luke 11:2.

17. What opportunities does Jehovah give us?

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ To whom do the “Judah” and “Niphad” mentioned in Zechariah 8:23 refer?

■ What makes it possible for people of all languages to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why is it important that people recognize and use Jehovah’s name?

SONGS 57 Let the Word Speak to the People

NOVEMBER 23-29, 2026

DWOM 107 Love Example

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

The priesthood system that Yeho-wa made, as it helps us to understand it.

The Organization of the Priesthood Proves That Jehovah Loves Us

“Every high priest who is taken from among men is appointed to be a priest on behalf of men.”—HEBR. 5:1.

We all need help! Whether we like it or not, we all need help. Why? Because we are all sinful. Because of our sinful ways, there is a gap between us and God. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) Therefore, it seems that there is a great gap between us and God, and if someone knew us, we ourselves would not be able to put up with it. If Jehovah is not in our hearts, we will not have any joy in life. Moreover, we will not have any hope, and we will lose our temper. What does Jehovah do to help us?

2 Jehovah has created a way for us to be saved from sin; that is, the priesthood. The priesthood helped the ancient Israelites, and the early Christians also benefited from it. The priesthood is still in effect today. In this section, we will consider how faithful children and men in ancient times benefited from the priesthood. We will also consider how the priesthood helps us today, and how it will help us in the future. Finally, we will consider how the priesthood demonstrates Jehovah’s great love for us.

1. Why do all people love animals?

2. What will we discuss in this session?

20

We have a special relationship with Jehovah; the priesthood system serves as a bridge to that relationship (See paragraph 3).

SENEGAL'S RELATIONS WITH ISRAEL

3 The Apostle Paul explains why Jehovah gave Israel a High Priest. (Read Hebrews 5:1.) Jehovah wanted to help the Israelites to be in harmony with him. The High Priest was someone who "served God in the people's stead." So for those who wanted to serve Jehovah, the High Priest and the priests served as a bridge to Jehovah.

4 The priests helped the Israelites to worship Jehovah in two ways. First, the priests stood in the place of God and taught the people. What did they do? Malachi 2:7 says, "The priest should not give knowledge, and the people should seek the law from his mouth; for he is the apostle of the congregation of Jehovah." So, it was incumbent on the priests to teach the law of Moses to the people of Israel, and they would obey it. For example, in the time of Nehemiah, 13 Levites helped the priest Ezra to teach the law to the people. They taught it every day, and they helped the people to understand what they were reading. This helped the Israelites to obey God’s laws.—Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Secondly, did the priests help the people to have a good relationship with Jehovah? What did they do? They offered sacrifices for the sins of the people. The Israelites knew that they would always sin, so they needed a sin offering. (Deuteronomy 51:9) That is why Jehovah gave them priests who offered sacrifices for them. Did the Israelites want to serve Jehovah from their hearts, knowing that when Jehovah forgave their sins, it would be a great joy to them? So the priesthood system also shows that Jehovah has a good relationship with the people.

3. As Hebrews 5:1 shows, how did the priests help the Israelites to obey Jehovah? (See also the footnote.)

4. What did the priests represent God to the Israelites?

5. How did the priests in Israel help the people to have a relationship with Jehovah? What does this tell us about Jehovah?

SEPTEMBER 2026 21

He loves, respects, and cares for His servants, and ultimately, wants them to be with Him forever.

IF JEHOVAH WILL SAVE OUR LIFES, IF HE WILL SAVE OUR LIFES, AND IF HE WILL SAVE OUR LIFES FOREVER

6 Jehovah promised that there would always be peace between him and his servants. Therefore, in the past, long before Israel became a nation, tribes offered sacrifices for themselves and their families. For example, when Noah entered the ark, he offered sacrifices to Jehovah. (Gen. 8:20) Abraham also offered sacrifices to Jehovah. (Gen. 12:7, 8) Job also offered burnt offerings for his sons. (Job 1:5) Therefore, if you look in the Bible, some priests were called before the Levites became priests in Israel. Jehovah said to the Israelites that ‘the priests or the tribes that come before Jehovah every day must do for themselves, and Jehovah will judge them.’—Ex. 19:22.

7 The first priest mentioned in the Bible was Melchizedek. (Gen. 14:18) He was also a king. Jehovah promised that when the Messiah came, he would be a king and a priest like Melchizedek, and that his kingdom would last forever.—Deuteronomy 110:4; Hebrews 7:17.

8 As we have seen before, when Jehovah made Israel his people, he gave them priests, and then he gave them the Law of Moses. The Law told the priests how they should do their work. Jehovah appointed Moses' brother Aaron as High Priest, and said that anyone who would serve as High Priest or priest must be a descendant of Aaron. (Ex. 40:12-15) The High Priest offered sacrifices for the people, and the Levites who were appointed to help the priests offered sacrifices for the elders of the people. This arrangement, however, was something that would eventually be abandoned.

9 When Jesus was baptized, He became the High Priest in the great spiritual temple of Jehovah. (Heb. 8:1) Now, Jesus offered His own life as a sacrifice for our sins. Before the priests offered sacrifices for the Israelites, Jesus’ sacrifice was sufficient. Jesus alone was the High Priest, and He served as a breadth for our approach to God. (Heb. 9:24) The 144,000 who were baptized will serve as priests and rulers in the Kingdom of God. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) Once they are in heaven, they will work with God and Christ to help sinful people go to eternity, and to make the earth a paradise. We look forward to the time when they will complete that work!

10 Throughout history, Jehovah has used the priesthood system to enable his servants to be close to him and to have a relationship with him. The revelation that the priests gave to the Israelites made them realize that they needed the ransom. At the Fifth Coming of Christ, Jesus and the 144,000 will continue to serve as priests until he has helped all mankind to return to righteousness. How does this system help us to love Jehovah? Let’s consider it.

6. Further, what were the functions of the families that were similar to those of the priests?

7. Who was Melchizedek, and how did he look like the Messiah?

8. What was the priesthood system in the Law of Moses?

9-10. Who will be the witnesses of Jesus at the Last Judgment?

22 AWON-ABAN

HOW DO WE GET TO KNOW JEHOVAH?

11 The priesthood system also shows that Jehovah wants us to love him and restore our relationship with him. Although sin has broken our relationship with him, he still wants us to have a good relationship with him. Jehovah wants us to be reconciled with him, to accept him, to restore our relationship with him, and to receive eternal life. (2 Cor. 5:18) Remember that it is not only we who are sinful; it is Adam who broke our relationship with him. He has compassion on us, and he wants to help each of us to restore our relationship with him. When we consider all these things, it makes us love Jehovah more.

(1 John 2:1; cf. Hebrews 7:25.) If Jesus loves you, what things might he look at? He might look at where you came from, what you learned, your struggles, and the difficulties you may have faced. He might also look at your good choices, and how you have remained faithful to Jehovah. Because Jesus is sincere, there is no doubt that when we pray for salvation, he sees it all. Also, when we try to do what is right, he looks at it, and he might look at it for us. So we can be confident that when Jesus prays for us, Jehovah will hear, for his mercy is tender, and he is willing to forgive sins. (Deuteronomy 86:5) In fact, it is Jehovah who gave Jesus to us to be our Savior.

13 The priesthood system teaches us that,

11. How does the priesthood system make it clear that it is the will of Jehovah that we should love Him and obey Him?

12. What comfort does it give us to know that Jesus is the High Priest who intercedes for us? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also note.)

13. According to Hebrews 4:16, what other four functions does the priesthood have?

As our Savior Jesus cares for us, he looks at our choices, our loyalty to Jehovah, our prayers for salvation, and our efforts to do what is right (See paragraph 12).

Jehovah wants us to open our hearts to Him. (Read Hebrews 4:16) Because Jesus is our High Priest, we can open our hearts to Him whenever we want. If Jehovah sees that we are open to Him, He will be pleased. If we do, it shows that we are giving Him our hearts. (Rom. 8:26) In all of this, Jehovah sees us, and He has made us His servants. So if we are in sorrow, we shouldn’t be afraid to open our hearts to our Heavenly Father. Because the Father loves us, our word is His word.

14 The priesthood system shows that Jehovah wants us to live forever. (Ezek. 33:11) Though the old sacrifices of God’s servants could not atone for their sins, they were sufficient to atone for our sins. (Heb. 7:19) Instead, it was a payment for the future sacrifice of Christ Jesus. Because of Jesus’ sacrifice, God has the power to forgive our sins completely. We have the hope that, if we truly worship Jehovah, we will have eternal life. It is up to us to see that Jehovah will use the priesthood system to grant us eternal life!—1 John 4:10.

(Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) They must strive to be faithful to Jehovah in every way. Because Jesus and the 144,000 are faithful, we can rest assured that at Christ’s 1,000-year Resurrection, they will help us to be saved. At the end of the 1,000-year period, sin, suffering, and sickness will no longer exist. In addition, they and Jesus will work to make the whole earth a paradise, and they will fulfill all of Jehovah’s promises. All of this will be made possible by Jesus’ ransom sacrifice.—Rev. 22:1, 2.

16 In every tribulation we go through, our Savior Jesus is with us, for when He was on earth, He took it upon Himself. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Have you ever felt that you are doing something wrong? Did Jesus ever feel that way? (John 4:6) Have you ever been hungry or thirsty? And Jesus knows how it is. (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28) Because you are Jehovah’s Witness, do people rise up against you? Did Jesus do the same? (Isa. 50:6; John 15:20) Will death take away your soul? Jesus also had the same experience; he lost his friend Lazarus, and it seems that his father Joseph also missed him. Whatever you are in, whatever happens to you, you can be sure that our Lord Jesus is with you and cares for you.

17 The 144,000 who will come to Jesus and lead them into heaven will also hear us. Why? For once they too were children and men of sin and infirmities like ourselves. Therefore, according to the grace that our spirit has power over us, they hear us. Also, whether it be sickness, grief, or sorrow, they hear us.

14. What is the meaning of the gift of Jesus?

15. What does it tell us about those whom Jehovah ordained as priests like Jesus? Describe.

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 show that Jesus wanted to be our Savior?

17. How do we know that those whom we teach will understand us?

24 AWON-ABAN

Whether it was gold or silver, they had all of it. It was where each of them came from, when they were born, when they lived, and what each of them had in their possession. So what each of them had in their possession was not what the 144,000 had in their possession.

18 This priestly service shows that Jehovah is loving, merciful, and concerned about us. Satan is always trying to harm us, but Jehovah does not. (Rev. 12:10) What Jehovah has done so that we can love him and give him our whole hearts is a gift to us. It shows that Jehovah loves us, and he is willing to forgive us our sins. So we should do what we can to give him our whole hearts.

19 This lesson will help us to realize that when we sometimes feel we are unworthy because of our sins, we can rest assured that Jehovah is with us. He does so because he knows that we are unworthy. (Deut. 103:14) But Jehovah does not focus on our unworthiness, but rather on what we have and what good things we can do in the future. So if our unworthiness makes us feel unworthy, let us remember that Jehovah “knows all things.”—1 John 3:20.

20 We see that Jehovah’s answer is to use the priesthood to worship him in a way that is pleasing to him. We rely on Jehovah for providing the priesthood for us, because it acts as a bridge to our relationship with him. So let us apply the saying in Hebrews 4:16, which says: “Let us be humble and humble ourselves in the sight of the Lord, and let us be bold and bold in the sight of the Lord, and let us have grace to help us in time of need.”

18. What does the priesthood system of Jehovah’s Witnesses entail, and what does it look like?

19. How do we know that Jehovah cares for us?

20. Why do you believe that Jehovah created the priesthood, and what will you decide to do?

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ How does the priesthood system help us serve God in a godly way?

■ How did Jehovah use priests in the past and how does he use them today?

■ How does the priesthood system help you to obey Jehovah?

SONGS 16 Kamfo Yehowa, Ne Ba a Wasra no no Nti

NOVEMBER 30-DECEMBER 6, 2026

CHAPTER 22 The Kingdom Is Coming—Ma Amra!

NOW THAT WE KNOW THE FIVE THINGS THAT CAN DAMAGE OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH JEHOVAH, LET’S TAKE A LOOK AT HOW WE CAN FIGHT THEM.

See If Your “Wise Mind” Is Afraid of You

“All things in the world... come from the Father.”—1 JOHN 2:16.

(John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) Christ’s most faithful followers are the ones on whom his eyes are fixed. (Revelation 12:12, 13, 17) But that doesn’t mean that wherever we are, Satan is also. In fact, whether good angels or evil angels, the Bible thinks that some of them could be there, but they would be somewhere else in the past. But Satan and his demons are at work. (Revelation 12:9) In addition, the world spirit that Satan follows is everywhere, and has power over human beings who do not even know it. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) Even those who deny Satan’s existence, if they allow the spirit of the world to guide them, they are doing what Satan likes. In a way, it is like “the devil having taken them over to do what he wants.”—2 Tim. 2:26.

2 In the past, most of us were guided by the spirit of the world. But what do we do when we find out who is following that spirit? Because we want Jehovah’s spirit to guide us, we apply the Bible’s advice to “avoid sin and the lust of the world.” —Titus 2:11, 12.

1. How does Satan trick people today? (1 John 2:15, 16) 2-3. (a) How do those who love Jehovah differ from those who are “spiritual”? (b) Why should we be vigilant?

26

The evil spirit acts as a devil, and it is not easy to overcome it (See paragraph 5)

(James 4:7, 8) Therefore, Jehovah’s servants need to be encouraged to stand firm in our struggle against the spirit of the world!

3 But because we were born in sin, we are subject to evil. Otherwise, the evil things that people do in the world can tempt us. Surprisingly, some who were originally given over to the spirit of the world subsequently become possessed by it. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) This passage will help us to decide what to do if we are subjected to such things. But first, let’s consider: When the Bible uses the word “spirit,” what does it mean?—1 Cor. 2:12.

WHAT IS "THE HONHOM WORLD"?

4 The Bible refers to the way ungodly people think and act as “the spirit of the world.” Those who are guided by the spirit of the world are hypocrites. Moreover, they do not obey God’s law. They do not do what God does not want. They do what God wants, but not their own will; they follow “the will of the world.”—1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The wicked spirit is one of Satan’s main means of ‘deceiving all who dwell on the earth.’ (Rev. 12:9) The Apostle Paul said that

4. What is the "spirit of wisdom," and what does it do to people?

5. In what way is the world’s spirit a “devil,” and why should we watch out for it? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also the footnote.)

SEPTEMBER 2026 27

(Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) Do you know how important the fire is? Fire is everywhere, but if we commit a sin, it can destroy us. The spirit is like a fire; if we commit a sin, it can destroy our relationship with Jehovah. In this article, we will examine what can cause a fire to burn when we are young. We will also consider what we can do if we are confronted with such a fire.

NKA KASAFI

6 The Bible tells us that in the end times, people will ‘behave themselves in a way that makes them unpleasant to others.’ (2 Tim. 3:1-3) If you look at the way people talk today, do you see that this choice is evident? For example, sometimes when two people are discussing something, you might not see a word, but it might be a joke or a joke; we often hear such things on TV or the radio. If you go into a family, it’s almost the same; you’ll see that the husband is angry with his wife, and the wife is angry with her husband. The children are the same. Now, whether you meet an elder, or whether you meet a lawyer, judge and rebuke only. (Eph. 5:3, 4) If it is not the worldly spirit that makes people do what they do, then what is it?

7 As Christians, whether we are speaking in private or face to face, we should always let our neighbor speak up. (James 1:26, 27) We may want to ask ourselves the following questions and see how our neighbor responds: ‘When I am with the elders, what about those who do not know that I am Jehovah’s Witness, and if something upsets me, is that upset? When the brothers and I talk to them, is it upset? What about my neighbors, is it upset? If you ask them what my neighbor is up to, what will they say?’

8 What should we do if we feel that the world’s spirit is acting in our hearts? We should be quick to repent. But it is not only our hearts that we should look at. Why? Jesus said: “What comes out of a man’s heart comes out of his mind, and those things make a man evil.” (Matt. 15:18) Jesus’ words also show that what comes out of our hearts reveals what is in our hearts. That is why the Bible says that “abuse” is evil, rather than sin, and that evil is good. (Eph. 4:31) If you feel that any of these things are affecting you, pray to Jehovah that he will take you away and give you the “other day.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) You can also do research in our magazine, and you will find more helpful information. Remember, don’t let the worldly spirit corrupt your desires or desires.—Eph. 4:29.

TWE WO HO FI ƆBRAFI HO

9 Now, because the spirit of the world teaches people what to do, what Jehovah does is what they do. They say that the rulers, men with men or children with children, should not sin. (Isa. 5:20) So if we look at the things that Jehovah does, the spirit of the world will gradually overwhelm us.

6. How does the spirit of the world influence people?

7. What will help us understand how our child is feeling?

8. What will help us to avoid this? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. What does the world’s spirit cause people to think of what Jehovah forbids?

28 OCTOBER

(2 Cor. 11:3) We might even think that those who do so are deceived and that the Bible is outdated. But it is all a deception! Whatever Jehovah says we should do, it helps us. Jehovah alone is greater than we are, and his word is true.—Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

10 If we want to please Jehovah, we must also do what he does not like. (Dt. 97:10) To help us do that, we should ask ourselves: ‘Do I think that Jehovah’s laws restrict me so that I can do what I want? Do I want to do what Jehovah does not like?

51:5; 103:14) But if you want to follow your lusts and do evil (Eph. 2:3), then don’t let your mind be led astray by evil desires. If you think something is against Jehovah, immediately put it out of your mind and heart. If you think something is against Jehovah, immediately put it out of your mind and heart. (Gen. 2:17) 39:9, 12) If you are tempted to do something evil that will ruin your relationship with Jehovah and your parents, think about it, and that will help you to refrain from doing such things in this world. (Eph. 5:5) Be assured that Jehovah will help you to refrain from doing evil.

10. What will help us know that we love Jehovah?

11. What will help us to follow Jehovah’s example?

THE ASIA CENTER ON THE INTERNET

12 For many of us, the Internet has become an integral part of our daily lives. Some of the things we do in our lives are done on the Internet. But the things on the Internet are just as evil, and those who are led by the spirit of the world go to it. For example, there is pornography on the Internet, which is not accessible to all adults and children. Teens take pornographic photos and videos of themselves, especially of girls and young women. In addition, many of the things on the Internet are false and misleading. Some of them are ridiculous or ridiculed. For example, what happens in people’s lives, and what they can do, is captured in photographs and videos that are posted on social media. Watching such photographs and videos can help us to feel that, if they help us to serve God, they can also help us to rejoice or even to grieve.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 Everything on the Internet that can take up our time, or distract us, should be monitored. To help us do so, we can ask ourselves: ‘If I go on the Internet for something that is not good, how much time am I spending watching pornography?’ (Eph. 5:15, 16) ‘If I go on the Internet, what do I look at? If I see something that appeals to me, do I immediately turn my attention to it?’ (Prov.

12. How does the spirit of the world prevail on the Internet?

13. How can we ensure that our use of the Internet is appropriate?

SEPTEMBER 2026 29

But do you seek the truth?’—Prov. 14:15.

14 If we are to resist the worldly spirit, we must control the amount of time we spend on the Internet. We must not allow ourselves to be caught up in anything that does not belong to Christ. At the same time, parents should be very cautious about what their children are exposed to on the Internet. (Eph. 6:4) Research shows that children who spend a lot of time on the Internet are less likely to become anxious or depressed.

14. How can we protect ourselves on the Internet?

WUBETUMI ADI NKONIM!

15 If you feel that the world’s spirit is influencing you, get rid of it quickly. Let’s look at Gloria.* When she was 16 and found out the truth, she let the world’s name deceive her. She said: “I wanted to be that person, so I went to church, and soon Jehovah’s service left me.” Later, Gloria realized that it was the world’s spirit that made her focus on that thing. What did she do? She said: “I went to church a lot, and I went to prayer a lot.

* Names in this section have been changed.

15. What did you learn from Gloria’s experience? (See also the video.)

How Can You Defend Yourself Against the Spirit of the World? (See paragraph 15.)

30 OCTOBER

In turn, those who do not serve Jehovah let me go with them, let me go with them. My eyes are open, because my relationship with Jehovah has become like that. It is up to me to separate myself from the worldly spirit, but Jehovah is showing me the way.”

16 Let’s take a look at Robert’s experience. When he went to school, he had good friends. He also wore things that bothered his eyes. He drank, smoked, and slept with men. He said, “I thought I could do anything that would please my eyes.” But he realized that it wasn’t the future that he was losing, but the world. (2 Pet. 2:19) What did he do about it? Robert said, “I only have friends who love Jehovah. I love my appearance; even the way I dress and speak, I love it.” What does Robert think? She says: “When I wake up every morning and know that the way I dress pleases Jehovah, it makes my heart beat faster, and the joy it gives me is unparalleled.

17 What does this lesson help us do? We learn that we must resist the spirit of the world. To do so, we need to let ourselves be tempted, keep our minds clear, and be cautious when we use the Internet. Although the spirit of the world is strong, we must not let it get the better of us, because it can defeat us. The reason why this is so is that the power of Satan and the evil world is insignificant when compared to the power of Jehovah. (Read 1 John 4:4.) In addition, Jehovah will give you the holy spirit, so that you can defeat the evil of the world. (Luke 11:13) Let us all strive to fight against the spirit of the world, and instead let Jehovah’s holy spirit guide us!—Gal. 5:16.

16. What is the age of Robert?

17. How can you be sure that you will be victorious over the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ How do we get the "spirit of wisdom" in our own language?

■ How can we be filled with the "spirit of wisdom" but not give ourselves over to deceit?

■ How can we protect ourselves from the "spy spirit" when we use the Internet?

DWOM 124 Yebedi Nokware Daa

YOU ARE GETTING TO KNOW JEHOVAH’S WORDS

September 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 10 TWI

WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS ARTICLE?

Adesua asɛm a yebesua no November 2-8 | 2

Be Reassured That Jehovah Will Protect You

Adesua asɛm a yebesua no November 9-15 | 8

How to Keep Our Faith in Jehovah

Adesua asɛm a yebesua no November 16-22 | 14

Share the Message in "Amanaman No Kasa Horow Nyinaa" Mu

Adesua asɛm a yebesua no November 23-29 | 20

The Organization of the Priesthood Proves That Jehovah Loves Us

Adesua asɛm a yebesua no November 30–December 6 | 26

See If Your “Wise Mind” Is Afraid of You

BIBLE TEACHINGS

“Momma Kristo Asomdwoe Nni Mo Koma So”

Colossians 3:15 speaks of the “peace of Christ.” What is that peace? It is the hope that comes from knowing that Jehovah and his Father Jesus love us. —John 14:23, 27.

The Apostle Paul urged the Colossians not to let peace reign in their minds or hearts. What did they do? The Greek word Paul used sounds like a reference to an arbiter standing in a courtroom. Just as the arbiter has authority in a courtroom, so too must we let the “peace of Christ” reign in our minds and hearts.

For example, if a dispute arises between us and a brother or sister in Christ, we should let “the peace of Christ” guide us. If we let “the peace of Christ” reign in our minds, we will know what to do so that peace and unity may reign between us and our brothers and sisters. To do this, we must put aside our own desires and preferences, and we must be careful not to let anything destroy our relationship with our brothers and sisters. By doing so, we will show that we have let the peace of Christ reign in our hearts.—Col. 3:12-14.

Don’t forget to donate. Jehovah’s Witnesses support the Bible teaching work around the world. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical references in this book are taken from the New World Translation, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website in Twi, or scan your text here.

JW.ORG

w26.09-TW