JANUARY 2026

OWAN-ABAN

LET JEHOVAH’S ADVENTURE BE YOUR ADVENTURE

AFE 2026 AFE SECTION:

“Let it be those who know that they need God’s guidance.”—MATTHEW 5:3.

ADESUA NAME: MARCH 2-APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

DWOM 97

Nkwa Gyina Bible no So

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

We will look at what we need to do so that Jehovah will show us the way to our salvation.

Ma Onyankopɔn Nkɔ So Nkyerɛ Wo Kwan

AFE 2026 AFE SECTION:

“Let it be those who know that they need God’s guidance.”—MATTHEW 5:3.

Jehovah knows that there are certain things without which we cannot survive. These are what to eat, what to wear, and where to live. If we lack just one of these things, our survival may be in jeopardy, or we may even lose our lives. In addition to these basic necessities, we need something else—God’s guidance. (Read Matthew 5:3.) If we want to survive, we must recognize that we need God’s guidance, and we must continue to seek it.

² The Greek word translated “those who know that they need God’s direction” has the underlying notion of a needy person who is prevented from being helped. Behold, a man is lying on the road where he has a need; his clothes are all dirty, and he has no clothes to wear. Therefore, he loses all his strength. In the morning he is weary, and in the evening he is weary. Because of his condition, people don’t want to approach him, and so he loses his eyesight. The needy person knows that if he has strength to live, he should be helped. One who knows that he needs God’s direction can speak to the needy person. He knows that he needs God's help in his struggle, so he prays to God to help him, and accepts whatever help God gives him.

³ In this story, the Phoenician man who asked Jesus to take care of him, we first look at what we can learn from him.

1. What does Jehovah know people want? (Matthew 5:3)

2. If we say that a person ‘sees that he is rebellious against God’, what illustration can we use to teach this?

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

2

The Phoenician man came to Jesus to be healed, and he believed in Jesus (See paragraph 5)

The woman’s story will show us that there are six things that those who recognize that they need God’s guidance should do. Then, we will look at what we can learn from the Apostle Peter, the Apostle Paul, and King David; all of these men were guided by God.

SUA BIRIBI FI NEA PHONIKENI BEA NO YƐE NO MU

4 One day, a Phoenician woman came to Jesus. ‘Her face was desolate and she was very weak.’ (Matt. 15:21-28) So she turned to Jesus and asked him to take care of her. Let’s consider five things that the woman did at that time that we can learn from.

5 The Phoenician woman brought herself to Jesus. Why can we say that? Because when Jesus took care of her, she was sick. A sick person is an animal that is not common in the homes of non-Jews. If Jesus took care of your sick person, what would you do? Would you say that you need Jesus’ help again and you would follow him? The Phoenician woman did not. But she told him that she was giving herself up. Besides, she did something else as well. She went and asked Jesus to take care of her; he gave her milk. Why did he do this? Jesus’ faith had a reason. The truth is that, Jesus saw that the woman’s faith was strong, so he said to her and helped her. Though Jesus knew that He was going to be the "dedicated sheep of Israel," He did cast the devil out of the woman's womb.

6 If we want Jehovah to show us the way, we must follow the example of the Phoenicians. Therefore, we must surrender ourselves, and go on praying to Jehovah to help us. Moreover, Jesus Christ and those who follow him show us the way.

4. What did the Phoenician want Jesus to do for him?

5. What did Jesus do to the woman, and why? (See also footnote.)

6. What does Jesus learn from the story of the Phoenician woman?

JANUARY 2026 3

(Matt. 24:45-47) If we have faith in Jehovah and Jesus, rely on them, and constantly seek their help, Jehovah and Jesus will be pleased with us. If we do so, they will help us and guide us. (See James 1:5-7.) Then, let’s look at what we can learn from the Apostle Peter, the Apostle Paul, and King David. Let’s see how Jehovah guides and helps us, and what we can do to benefit from that arrangement.

SUASUA PETRO—HIS OWN NAME

7 Consider the apostle Peter. The early Jews knew that Jesus was the Messiah, and Peter said so. He knew that Jesus and Jehovah used him to “give the words of life” or spiritual instruction to his people. (John 6:66-68) Before Jesus went to heaven, he entrusted Peter with the task of being “the shepherd of the sheep.” (John 21:17) Peter took that job seriously, and did it. Even Jehovah himself wrote two letters that later referred to the Bible. (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) But Peter went on reading. He knew that Jehovah would help him to put into practice the “strong words” that Paul had expressed in his letter.—Read Hebrews 5:14–6:1.

7. What task did Jesus assign to Peter, and what should he do in return? (Hebrews 5:14–6:1)

8 Jehovah gave a command to Peter, and because he obeyed Jehovah, he did it. One day, while Peter was in Joppa, he had a vision. In the vision, the angel of God told Peter that the help that the Law of Moses forbids should come to him, he did not have. Since Peter was a Jew, he knew only the Law of Moses, so the word that the angel was telling him did not enter his mind. Then the angel said this, and Peter said, “Yes, Lord, for I remember everything that is of the flesh and of the blood.” Then the angel said to him, “What God touches is as if it were of the flesh.” (Acts 10:9-15) Then Peter looked at what the angel had said to him, and changed his mind. What do we think? After the vision, nine men came to him. They told him that their master Cornelius had asked them to call him and wanted to see him. Before that, it was not appropriate for Peter to go to a non-Jewish house, for the Jews regarded those who were not Jews as their own flesh. (Acts 10:28, 29) But when Jehovah gave Peter another instruction, he listened promptly. (Proverbs 4:18) So he preached the good news to Cornelius and his household, and they accepted Jesus, received the holy spirit, and were baptized.—Acts 10:44-48.

9 Just as Peter did, we should not be afraid of the strong truth of God's Word. But we should be afraid of the spirit's strongness, or the truth of God's Word.

8. When Jehovah sent his angel to give Peter further instructions, what did he do?

9. In what two ways does it help us to deal with the hardships of our souls?

4 OWAN-ABAN

What will it help us? At best, it will help us in two ways: First, it will help us learn more about Jehovah, and it will increase our love and affection for him. Second, it will enable us to tell others about our heavenly Father’s delightful choices. (Rom. 11:33; Rev. 4:11) Let us take another lesson from Peter’s words: That is, when we receive a new interpretation of God’s Word, we must take it immediately and put it into practice. If we do, Jehovah will provide a way for us to worship him truly.

SUASUA PAUL—HYƐ SUBAN FOFORO NO

10 Another way that Jehovah shows us the way is by showing us the choices he wants us to make. It is not a question of removing “the old day” or setting “the new day,” as the apostle Paul said. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) Making new choices is not a matter of choice; it is a matter of time and effort. Let’s take the example of the apostle Paul. Since he was an adolescent, he tried to do what pleased God. (Gal. 1:14; Philippians 3:4, 5) But he did not know what kind of knowledge of God would make it possible for a man to worship him. Furthermore, he was ignorant of the teachings of Christ, and he was an atheist, and that made him “an atheist.” As a result, his choice did not please God at all.—1 Tim. 1:13.

10. According to Colossians 3:8-10, what must we do to please Jehovah?

11 Before Paul became a Christian, it wasn’t just his mind. Acts also tells us that Paul was so angry with Jesus’ disciples that he wanted to “destroy them.” (Acts 9:1) So when he became a Christian, it is clear that he was determined to obey that command. (Eph. 4:22, 31) But at some point, Paul and Barnabas were at loggerheads about a matter, and it resulted in “a great controversy.” (Acts 15:37-39) At that point, Paul rejected the command, but he did not give up. He went on to “devote his body,” that is, he devoted himself to obeying that command, in order to please Jehovah.—1 Cor. 9:27.

(Phil. 4:13) But, like Peter, Paul relied on “the power that is from God.” (1 Pet. 4:11) After all, Paul sometimes rebelled against authority. When he did, he reflected on the good things his heavenly Father had done for him, and that strengthened his resolve to do what pleased Jehovah.—Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Whether we continue to serve Jehovah freely or not, we must commit ourselves to giving up our old vocation and accepting the new one. In other words, we must abandon what Jehovah teaches us. If we do so, we will follow Paul’s example.

11. Which evils should Paul guard against? Describe them.

12. What helped Paul to endure the uncertainty of the morning?

13. How can we imitate Paul?

JANUARY 2026 5

We must continue to study God’s Word, choose the alternative, and let Jehovah guide us (See paragraph 18)

(Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) When we do so, we should keep in mind the following: First, if we are overwhelmed or pressured, let us do something about it before we can bear it. Second, if we can bear it, let us bear it ourselves, and let us obey Jehovah’s directions so that we may please him.

SUASUA DAVID—MA JEHOVAH MMAA WO HO BAN

14 We know that, if we are to be saved, we must study the Word of God, and follow the other way. But not only that, we also need God’s mercy. So, what does Jehovah want us to do, and what does he want us to do?

14-15. How does Jehovah protect his people today? (Psalm 27:5) (See also the front page of the New World Translation.)

15 King David was confident that even in times of trouble, Jehovah would protect us. (Read Psalm 27:5.) How does Jehovah protect us today? In fact, he protects us from anyone or anything that could destroy our faith. So even if people rise up against us, he assures us that whatever they do will work. (Deuteronomy 34:7; Isaiah 54:17) Although Satan and his demons are in power, they will not rule over us forever. Even if they destroy us, Jehovah will raise us up to life again. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Heb. 21:3, 4) At the same time, when we are overwhelmed, Jehovah helps us to overcome it, so that our relationship with him will not be damaged. (Prov. 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) At the same time, he gives us many helpful brothers and sisters and encourages us with the help of counseling elders. (Isa. 32:1, 2) When we attend meetings, Jehovah also teaches us to do good things that will earn his approval.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

6 OWAN-ABAN

(2 Sam. 12:9, 10) At other times, David was afraid of people. When that happened, David prayed to Jehovah in his heart. What did Jehovah do to help him? He comforted David and assured him that he loved him and would look after him.—Deut. 23:1-6.

17 When we pray for Jehovah’s guidance in making decisions, we are following David’s example. But if we disobey Jehovah and make a bad decision, we may see sin, and then Jehovah will reject us. (Gal. 6:7, 8) Moreover, if people see sin, we can open our hearts to Jehovah and be confident that he will take care of our minds and hearts.—Philippians 4:6, 7.

16. Why did Jehovah choose David over Saul?

17. How can we imitate David?

MY PERSONAL EXPERIENCE WITH THIS PROJECT

18 Year 2026 the saying says: “They are those who know that they need God’s guidance.” Now we know that this statement is true. Why do we say that? Because today many people do not know that they need God’s guidance. People also know God, but they are in falsehood or wise people tell them the way. This is why they do not care. We should not imitate them. So, what should we do? We should study God’s Word well, we should take the other option, and we should listen to Jehovah for his guidance.

18. Today, what do many people miss, and what should we do so that Jehovah will show us the way? (See also the chapter.)

EXAMPLE 6: This young man reads The Watchtower, telling others that he wants to change his life. He is encouraged by the elders of the congregation, and he looks up to them. All of this shows that Jehovah is showing him the way.

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ How can we imitate Peter and study the Word of God well?

■ How can we imitate Paul and choose the other choice?

■ How can we let Jehovah protect us as David did?

DWOM 162

N’Asɛm No Bɛyɛ M’aduane

MARCH 9-15, 2026

DWOM 45

Me Komam Nsusuwii

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

What we should do when sorrow or grief strikes us.

What You Can Do When You’re Afraid or Worried

“My word is mercy!”—ROM. 7:24.

When you hear the name of the Apostle Paul, what comes to your mind? You might think of him as a hard-working theologian, someone who could teach well, or someone who wrote many books on the Bible. You would say that of him. But he was a man like us, and sometimes he could be sad, angry, or overwhelmed.

2 Romans 7:21-24. In his letter to the Romans, Paul speaks of how he sometimes felt. Many of us feel the same way today. He worshiped God and wanted to do His will, but because of his weakness, it was difficult for him to do God’s will all the time.

3 Because of Paul’s feelings about his past sins, he sometimes felt sorrow or grief,* but he did not give in to it. In this lesson, we will find answers to the following questions: Why did Paul sometimes not feel that ‘his words were compassionate’? What did Paul do when he felt sorrow or grief that he did not give in to it? And what can we do when we feel sorrow or grief?

* WARNING: In this article, we are referring to people who have periods of sadness or depression, not to those who have a mental illness that requires them to see a doctor.

1-2. If so, what did the Apostle Paul believe, and how can what he learned help us? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What questions will be answered in this lesson? (See also “Doctrine and Covenants.”)

8

WHY DID EMA PAUL LEAVE HIS BUSINESS?

4 The way he was before. Before Paul became a Christian, he did many evil things, and later he became angry that he did so. At that time he was called Saul. What he did was to openly criticize Stephen, and while they were condemning him, his eye was blinded. (Acts 7:58; 8:1) At the same time, he was angry with the practices of the Christians of that time.—Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

5 When the apostle Paul became a Christian, there were times when he was overwhelmed by his past sins. In his rage against the Christian, he would say anything that would make him look ugly. For example, when he wrote his first letter to the Corinthians in 55 C.E., he said: “I deserve to be called an apostle, because I love the church of God.” (1 Cor. 15:9) Nine years later, when he wrote to the Ephesians, he said that “of all the churches, he is the least.” (Eph. 3:8) When Paul wrote to Timothy, he said, “I have avoided abuse, I have avoided people, and I have been gentle.” (1 Tim. 1:13) Now, imagine Paul visiting a church and bringing in brothers who had lost their souls or their families.

6 Grief. Another word that Paul used to describe grief was “sorrow.” (2 Cor. 12:7) Although Paul loved what was grieving him, the way he used it indicates that it was something that made him very angry. It may have been an illness or a grief that was bothering him.*

7 Repent. Paul was able to repent. (Read Romans 7:18, 19.) Yes, he wanted to do what was right, but the evil in him prevented him from doing it. However, sometimes he did not do what he wanted to do, but rather what he did not want to do. After all, he was determined to do what was right. (1 Cor.

WHEN EMA PAUL LEFT THE HOUSE OF HIS FATHER, WHAT HAPPENS TO US?

8 How the Spirit of God could help Paul and his fellow Christians to overcome their weaknesses and imperfections was something that Paul was concerned about. His writings make this clear. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul did not speak about the lusts or evil desires that a Christian should resist. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) It is also clear that he was concerned about how he could overcome his imperfections. Therefore, he searched the Scriptures for an image that would help him to overcome the imperfections that he needed to overcome, and the way in which he could do so. It can be seen that the image that Paul was looking for was the image of God.

4. What did Paul feel?

5. How did Paul feel about his past?

6. What other fish did Paul most fear? (See also the story there.)

(Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or else, his mind was preoccupied with what the false teachers were saying about him. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) We don’t know what specifically upset Paul, but we do know that it could hurt his heart.

7. Why was it sometimes difficult for Paul to do what was right? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What did Paul write to show what he was doing in his ministry?

JANUARY 2026 9

and for the others, he himself did the work.

(2 Cor. 7:6, 7) He was also encouraged by the friendship he had with his fellow Christians. (2 Tim. 1:4) He was also encouraged by the fact that his relationship with Jehovah was strong and that he was able to serve him “with a good spirit.” (2 Tim. 1:3) Even while imprisoned in Rome, Paul encouraged his fellow Christians to “be patient in the Lord.” —Phil. 4:4) From his words, it is clear that he was not overwhelmed by his worries. It is also clear that when Paul saw that he was overwhelmed by his worries, he immediately turned his attention to things that would calm his mind.

(Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) Therefore, he was confident that Jehovah would forgive him on the basis of Jesus’ sacrifice. (Rom. 7:24, 25) After all his suffering and grief, Paul was comforted by the fact that he could “bestow a crown” on God.—Heb. 9:12-14.

11 Like Paul, we may be trying to please Jehovah in what we think, do, and say, but we may be feeling weak. So maybe our hearts are weak and we say, “My words are soft!” A sister named Eliza*, who is in her early 20s, says: “When I think about Paul’s words, I feel encouraged. I know that when I tell him that I need to be soft, he needs to be soft as well. That tells me that Jehovah knows what his people are going through.” Paul was in good spirits, and even when his hearts were weak, his eyes were bright. So, what can we do to strengthen our hearts?

IF YOU DON'T HAVE A FRIEND, WHAT CAN YOU DO ABOUT IT?

12 Do the things that will make you love Jehovah. If we do the things that make us like Jehovah, it makes us happy. The things we do that make us like Jehovah, we can talk about the things we do that make us happy. If we are careful, we talk in our hearts, and if we eat well, it makes us focus on ourselves. The things that make us like Jehovah, if we do it constantly, it makes us happy. Some of them are to read God’s Word constantly, to study something well before we ask it, and to answer it. And also to do the preaching work. Doing all of these things will encourage us to focus on good things rather than on things that are unpleasant.—Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 But let us take the example of John; the doctor said to him that he should take a deep breath. At that time he was sick.

*Waasesa eden no bi.

9-10. If Paul refused, what helped him to recover? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also note.)

11. Why can Paul’s words encourage us?

12. How does it help us to do things that please Jehovah?

13-14. What do we do to help the brothers and sisters who come to us to love Jehovah?

10 OWAN-ABAN

The sins Paul had committed had a devastating effect on him, but he had faith in the atonement, and it helped him to heal.

(See paragraphs 9-10.)

13 At first, John’s father was perplexed. He asked himself, ‘How is it possible for a young man like me?’ At that time, his son was only six years old. What helped John? He said: “The illness was very painful, but I realized that my family and I would continue to do the things we do in Jehovah’s service. So we stayed at home, went to church every Sunday, and did family service. Even if it was hard, we did it.” Looking back, John says: “If we had told you that you had this illness, you might have been shocked. But in the end, you will know that Jehovah is strengthening you, and he is helping you. As Jehovah has strengthened me, so he will strengthen you.”

14 An elderly woman named Elisha says: “When I go to prayer, the sound of rain or thunder tells me that Jehovah listens to me and loves me deeply.

For example, Nolan, who serves as a country supervisor in Africa, says what helps him and his wife, Diane: “Even if we don’t succeed, we continue to do what we do in the service of Jehovah. When we do, we know that Jehovah will help us and bless us. It’s when we try hard that Jehovah helps and blesses us; we don’t know how he will do it, but we know he will.”

15 We know that if we are tired or weary, we should continue to do the things we do in the service of Jehovah. But at the same time, we may need to do something else. Let us follow you. If you are tired every day, it may help. But if the day gets too long, you may need to do something else. If you can see what is causing the tiredness, you may need to do something about it.

15. When we are saddened or disheartened, what might we do? Explain with an illustration.

JANUARY 2024 11

If your parents pressure you, look for positive words that will help you cope (See paragraph 17.)

For us, when we are troubled by grief or worry, we may need to do some research in the Bible and the church literature. We may need to talk to a brother or sister who is familiar with the subject and who can give us a better understanding. Let us consider some other things that may help us.

16 Ask Jehovah to help you identify the good things that cause sorrow or grief. King David knew that Jehovah knew him well, so he asked Jehovah to help him identify what caused his “sorrow.” (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You, too, can ask Jehovah to help you identify what causes your sorrow or grief, and what you can do about it.

17 What will help you overcome your fears is to study. Jehovah’s choices, yes, but what will help you is to study. Let’s look at how the apostle Paul studied the redemption and Jehovah’s atonement, and how it helped him. You can do the same. You can learn more about God’s mercy, atonement, and unfailing love. You can read Jehovah’s Witnesses in Research, Watch Tower Publications.

16. What will you do if your father is angry with you? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

17. What do you know that will help you to keep your mind away from things that will discourage you? (See also the subheading.)

12 AUGUST

Do the same with the Index or any of our other publications in your language. Whenever you find something that will help you, write it down. Write down every answer you get. Then, keep it wherever you see it, and whenever the time comes, recall it. Whatever you learn, try to put it into practice.—Phil. 4:8.

18 The elderly woman took Job’s example further. She said: “I too have encountered hardships just like Job. The hardships he encountered were severe, and he didn’t know where he was coming from. But in all of it, his heart was turned away from Jehovah.” (Job 42:1-6) The elderly woman said: “My husband and I have been reading the book of Jehovah. Just as a man turns away from his wife, so we turn away from ourselves. So even if we turn away and our hearts are broken, let’s not focus on it, but let’s say that Jehovah is helping us to become good people. “There is no child in the midst of the multitude.”—Isa. 64:8.

18. When do Christians celebrate Easter?

AWERƐHYEM’S DAUGHTER IS HIS MOTHER’S DAUGHTER

19 Even if we do all of the things discussed in this section, we should not expect that grief and sorrow will disappear. Of course, grief and sorrow will happen, but Jehovah knows that the things that cause sorrow and sorrow will help us to keep our minds focused on the things that are good. So we can be confident that we will enjoy the good things that Jehovah has given us.

20 Let us do our best to let our past sins, our sorrows, or our grief overwhelm us. Let us be confident that Jehovah will help us and that he will not let our sorrow overwhelm us. (Dt. 143:10) When that day comes, all sorrow and grief will pass away. At that time, when we wake up in the morning, we will only think of good things. Let us rejoice in worshiping Jehovah our God who loves us!

19. What should we not fear, but what assurance can we have?

20. What would you like to do?

WUBEBUA SAAN?

Why does Paul sometimes feel that his words are empty?

Yes, Paul sometimes acted against authority, but what helped him not to lose his loyalty to Jehovah?

What can we do when we are overwhelmed with sorrow or grief?

DWOM 34 Ménantew Múdi Mu

MARCH 16-22, 2026

DWOM 20

Wode Wo Doba no Maa Yɛn

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

How the ransom can provide salvation from sin, how it can give us a hope of eternal life, and how it can help us to be closer to Jehovah.

14

Nea Enti and Yehia Agyede No

“Who will snatch me out of the hand of this body that is going to death?”—ROMANS 7:24.

He is like a sheep that is hurt, and someone tries to cure him, but he can't. What can he do? All he can do is cry that someone has hurt him.

2 And the condition of each one of us is like that which was passed on to us by sin. Why do we say this? Because when Adam rebelled against Jehovah, he became a sinner. Later, he passed his sin on to all his children. So the sin that became sin was passed on to all mankind, and we are subject to an unfathomable burden. In his letter to the Romans, the Apostle Paul said that sin has made us all ‘children of sin.’ (Read Romans 7:22-24.) Just as Paul was separated from Adam, he is in any way bound to death. (Rom. 6:23) So he asks, “Who will deliver me from this body of death?” But we are in the same state, so we need rest.

3 When Paul asks, “Who will deliver me from this body that leads me to death?” does that mean that his faith was weak? No. For when he said that, he concluded by saying, “Let the Lord Jesus Christ be our God!” (Rom. 7:25) What Paul meant was that Jehovah redeemed us through Jesus’ ransom offering.* Because of the ransom offering, (1) we—

* SECTION TWO: RANSOM: A ransom is something that is paid for someone's sins. The sacrifice of Jesus is a ransom, because it frees human beings from sin and death.

1-2. Why do we need sin? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also note.)

3. What can we be because of this knowledge?

Just as the rope is tied around the neck of a man who can't ride, so it seems to us that we are tied around the neck of sin and sorrow that we can't ride, so we need a rope.

(See paragraphs 1-2.)

(1) We can have salvation from sin, (2) we can have the hope of eternal life, and (3) we can be Jehovah’s servants. In this lesson, we will consider these things, and our love for Jehovah will grow, for he is “the God of hope.” (Rom. 15:13) In turn, our love for Jesus, who “is our hope,” will grow.—Col. 1:14.

AGYEDE NO MA YENYA BWENEFAKYƐ

4 We need the ransom so that Jehovah can forgive us for our sins. We are all sinners in our own way. (Read Proverbs 7:20.) The way we do things is wrong. Under the Law of Moses, a man who raped or murdered a woman was to be punished. (Lev. 20:10; Num. 35:30, 31) But if sin exists, it is not necessarily that way. After all, every sin is a sin. For example, the prophet David said: “I will watch my steps and keep my steps from sin.” (Dt. 39:1) This means that even what we say can become sin.—James 3:2.

5 Have you ever said or done something you didn’t want to say or do? We know that each of us has done something like that. But the Bible warns: “If we say, ‘Works are not of us,’ we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.”—1 John 1:8.

6 Because Jehovah is just, he must do something to remove the basis on which he forgives our sins. Therefore, the ransom is the basis on which Jehovah forgives our sins. (Eph. 1:7) But that doesn’t mean that if we sin, it’s okay. Jehovah doesn’t care if we sin.—Isa. 59:2.

4:27-31; 17:11) Such a sacrifice was a prelude to the great sacrifice that Jesus would make in the future; it was the sacrifice of Jesus that would bring great blessings to mankind. That is why Jehovah stood for the forgiveness of our sins.

4-5. Why does each of us need the ransom? (Proverbs 7:20)

6-7. What does Jehovah do to forgive our sins? (See also chapter.)

JANUARY 2026 15

The value of the sacrifice of Jesus, for his letter to the Christians in Corinth speaks of it. When he spoke of their former sins, he said to them: “Now ye have been reproved, ye have been condemned, ye have been justified in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the Spirit of our God.”—1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 Before you go to this feast, you may want to take some time to think about how Jehovah’s forgiveness will help you. For example, because of the ransom, your past sins should not affect you. But it may be hard for you to accept that Jehovah forgives your sins. You may even say to yourself, ‘I know that Jehovah can forgive me my sins, but it is hard for me to accept that.’ If that’s how you feel, consider these truths: Jehovah forgives sins, and Jesus gives him the power to judge. The Bible says: “If we are in his hand, as [Jehovah] himself is in his hand,... the blood of Jesus the Father cleanses us from all sin.” (1 John 1:6, 7) Just as we accept other Bible teachings, we should accept this one as well. Because of this acceptance, Jehovah can forgive our sins. The Bible also says that Jehovah “has the power to forgive sins.”—Deuteronomy 86:5.

HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT YOU ARE THE BEST?

9 When the Bible uses the word “evil,” it does not refer to evil actions alone, but it can also refer to anger. (Read Psalm 51:5 and the following verses.) Anger does not just cause us to do evil, but it also causes us to be angry, angry, and angry.

8. What can you do before you go to this festival?

9. If the Bible says sin, what else does it mean? (Psalm 51:5)

The bread of the sacrifice, the future sacrifice of Jesus and the promised blessing to mankind (See paragraphs 6-7)

16 OWAN-ABAN

Because of the same sin, we are all subject to death, whether we are righteous or sinful. Indeed, because of the sin that came from Adam, we are all sinful.

10 But consider what happened to Adam and Eve when they sinned. When they disobeyed God’s law “written in their hearts,” their hearts were filled with sorrow. (Rom. 2:15) They knew something was wrong with them. So they felt that they had to cut off their hair and seek refuge so that their Creator might protect them. (Gen. 3:7, 8) They were sorrowful, despondent, and despondent until they died. In all their lives, they felt something like that. The place they entered, whether they wanted it or not, would keep them until death.—Gen. 3:16-19.

11 Just as Adam and Eve did, so too do we today. The sins we commit and the sins we believe in are greater than our sins. No matter how hard we try, no matter what we do, we will not be saved. Why? Because the Bible says that we are “judged according to the flesh.” (Rom. 8:20) This statement applies to both children and adults all over the world. For example, today, people are doing everything they can to protect the earth, to resist temptation, to resist corruption, and to leave the world behind. All their efforts are like those who carry mud to the water. But, because of the redemption, there is hope.

12 The covenant also gives us the hope that “the Gods themselves... shall be saved by the blood of the covenant.” (Rom. 8:21) That is, when we go into peace in God’s new world, we will no longer be afflicted with sickness or sicknesses, and we will no longer be afflicted with pain or pain. Again, our efforts to look after the earth and to live in peace on it will be successful. Why? Because Jesus Christ is “the Savior,” who gave his life as a ransom for us, and he obeys us.—Isa. 9:6, 7.

13 If sin and sorrow no longer exist, consider how it will be. You will rise in the morning and worry about yourself, and you and your brothers will be afraid to go to bed, fearing that you will be arrested or die. ‘That hope which is like a seed in the ground, which is short-lived and fades away, if we are not careful,’ even today, can give us peace. (Heb. 6:18, 19) Just as a seed in the ground supports a house, the hope you have can strengthen your faith, and any difficulty you encounter can help you to stand. Indeed, you can rest assured that Jehovah will bless you, for “he is gracious to those who earnestly seek him.” (Heb. 11:6) Your hope for the future and the comfort of knowing that you can be healed are due to the ransom.

10. When Adam and Eve sinned, what happened to them?

11. What will the sin that is in us do to us?

12. What is the hope of redemption?

13. Before you go to this festival, what should you think about it?

JANUARY 2026 17

It is only through Jesus’ sacrifice that Jehovah can forgive our sins and restore our relationship with him (See paragraph 16.)

AGYEDE NO NTI YEBETUMI NE ONYANKOPƆN AFA ADAMFO

8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because Jehovah is jealous, and his heart is filled with wrath, and he cannot forgive sin. The Bible says of Jehovah: “Your eyes are holy, that they see not evil, and your ears are silent, that they hear not evil.” (Hab. 1:13) Thus, sin becomes like a great chasm between us and God. No one of us can get closer to God than as a breeze touches the chasm, and we can get closer to God. The chasm becomes like that breeze.

15 The Bible says that Jesus was “a sacrifice for our sins.” (1 John 2:2) The Greek word translated “sacrifice” can refer to what is done to make one’s relationship with another one righteous. In what way did Jesus’ sacrifice make one’s relationship with Jehovah righteous? We should not think that Jesus’ death was God’s. Rather, it was necessary, so that God might fulfill His own law of justice. Jesus’ death was also God’s way of making peace between Him and us. (Rom. 3:23-26) Therefore, even the people who worshiped Jehovah faithfully before Christ’s resurrection, Jehovah could ‘punish’ their arighteous. (Gen. 2:17) 15:1, 6) How? Because Jehovah knew that, no matter what, Jesus would pay the ransom. (Isa. 46:10) Because of that ransom, we can be close to God again.

16 Think of the joy you will have because of your close relationship with God. For example, you may call Jehovah “my Father,” as Jesus taught us. (Matt. 6:9) Or you may call him “my Adam.” If you do, you need to be honest and sincere.

14. How did the sin of Adam and Eve affect their relationship with God, and why?

15. What is the benefit of the sacrifice of Jesus?

16. What else should you consider before you go to this annual gathering? (See also the footnote.)

18 AWON-ABAN

Whatever we have with Jehovah is not our effort, but his own; it is his ransom that makes it possible. By Jesus, Jehovah ‘resolves all things by his death on the cross, that there may be peace between God and us.’ (Col. 1:19, 20) So, although we are sinful, we can be redeemed by Jehovah.

HOW DO WE KNOW THAT JEHOVAH IS OUR MEDIATOR?

17 This testimony makes it clear that Jehovah “is merciful.” ‘Even when we were dead in sin, he gave us life.’ (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Those who “do the good that leads to eternal life” are like the man whose head was cut off. They recognize that sin and grief are overwhelming them, and they come for help. (Acts 13:48) Jehovah also answers his call through the good news of the Kingdom, so that they may receive the glory of his Father, Jesus. (John 17:3) If it was Satan who caused Adam and Eve to sin and destroy Jehovah’s purposes, then why did he do it?

18 When we think about the ransom, we should keep in mind the main reason why Jehovah provided it. While the ransom helps us in many ways, it is not our happiness that is the main reason why Jehovah provided the ransom. The main reason why Jehovah provided the ransom is to fulfill the promise that Satan made at the table in Eden. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) Jehovah uses the ransom to uphold his name, that is, to obey him from every point of view. He also uses the ransom to save us from sin and death and to demonstrate that he is a loving God. (Prov. 27:11) So, how can you show your appreciation for the ransom? We will find the answer to that question in the next section.

17. How does the ransom demonstrate Jehovah’s mercy? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

18. When we contemplate the redemption, what should we keep in mind?

I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH IT...

■ Fatafakaɛ?

■ Hope that we can go to peace?

■ Sure that we can be Jehovah’s servants?

DWOM 19

Awurade Anwummeduan

MARCH 23-29, 2026

DWOM 18

Agyede no Som Bo Ma Yɛn

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

Each of us can do something to show that the ransom is worth it.

How Can You Show That You Care?

“Show us the love of Christ.”—2 CORINTHIANS 5:14.

If you want to be a Christian, you need to be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian, you must be a Christian. If you want to be a Christian

² As we see in the next chapter, our sins are a burden on us. If someone offends us, we will grieve. But because of the atonement of Jesus, we can be forgiven. How? First, because of the atonement, if we sin, Jehovah has the power to forgive us. Second, it gives us the hope that in the future our sins will be forgotten. Fifth, it makes it possible for God to save mankind. Therefore, we have the hope that in the future we can live forever in the next world. (Proverbs 8:30, 31) The apostle Paul said that “the love of Christ is in us.” (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) This means that the love Jesus has for us should prompt us to do something to show that we are worthy of the ransom.

3 What are you going to do to show that you are right? What you are going to do is probably not what your friends will do. But let’s use a parable to explain why we are saying this. Let’s say that nine men are going to a city. It is a different city for each of them, so they don’t all go the same way.

1-2. What does Jesus’ ransom sacrifice require us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also footnote.)

3. The way you express your appreciation for the redemption may not be the same way someone else would. Why?

20

If you are threatened by someone, don’t be afraid to confront them. Jehovah and Jesus saved us from sin and death. Shouldn’t we be grateful for that? (See paragraphs 1-2.)

Because the relationship between man and Jehovah is personal, the only way to show that we value the ransom is by choosing to do so. In this lesson, we will look at what Bible students, baptists, and Jehovah’s witnesses can do to show that they value the ransom.

BIBLE ASUAFO

(John 6:44; Acts 13:48) The Bible says that “Jehovah seeks the heart.” That is, when Jehovah sees every effort you make to learn about him, and every step you take to live according to his laws, it is his pleasure. (Proverbs 17:3; 27:11) Therefore, you can be sure that Jehovah is the Creator of mankind. (Romans 5:10, 11) Don’t let this truth deter you.

5 If you are one of Jehovah’s Witnesses, how can you show that you value the ransom? One thing you can do is to follow the example of the apostle Paul, who told the Philippians: “Let us continue to walk in the way that we have received in writing.” (Phil. 3:16) Other Bible translations translate this passage as: “Let us continue to walk in the way that we have been given in writing.” So, let us follow the way of life, and let nothing take you away from it.—Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

86:11) If, after all, you still have doubts, leave them aside, but read the Bible. Or, if there is something in your life that the Bible doesn’t support, and it’s hard for you to deal with, let’s say that Jehovah is looking for a way for us to do something more than we can do. So whatever he says we can do, you can do. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) Jehovah does everything; he commands us to help you, so don’t be afraid. (Isa. 41:10, 13; 1 Cor. 10:13) Does something in the Bible sound strange to you? If so, search for it and pray to Jehovah to help you understand it. (Dt. 86:11) If, after all, you still have doubts, leave them aside, but read the Bible. Or, if there is something in your life that the Bible doesn’t support and it’s hard for you to deal with, let’s say that Jehovah is looking for a way for us to do something more than we can do. So whatever he says we can do, you can do. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) Jehovah does everything; he commands us to help you, so don’t be afraid. (Isa. 41:10, 13; 1 Cor. 10:13)

4. How does studying the Bible bring joy to Jehovah?

5. The statement in Philippians 3:16, How should Bible students work?

6. What should you do if the Bible rejects a doctrine or if it is too difficult for you to accept a doctrine? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also footnote.)

JANUARY 2026 21

Whatever he says we should do, he will help us to do it (See paragraph 6).

Instead, focus on the good things Jehovah has done for you. This is the ransom. If you love Jehovah deeply, you will know that “his commandments are perfect.”—1 John 5:3.*

The Bible says: “God will love you.” (James 4:8; 1 Kings 28:9) So if you do things that will help you to love Jehovah, he will love you in return. Remember that because your parents are Jehovah’s Witnesses, Jehovah wants you to listen to him, and he wants you to be his friend. What has Jehovah done that can help you and him to be friends? It is Jesus who died for you; don’t be afraid that it is a thing that is right in Jehovah’s sight.

* To help you put the Bible you study into practice, see the section entitled “Keep Your Eyes Open” in the You Can Be Sure! booklet.

7. What can children whose parents are reluctant to worship Jehovah learn?

22 AWON-ABAN

(Rom. 5:1, 2) Therefore, before you enter the Kingdom, think about the blessings that Jesus has given you. If you think so, be sure to focus on what Jehovah has done for you through his Son, Jesus.* <<<P

We may do something, attend a class, or preach, but it may be just that; it isn’t Jehovah that motivates us. So if we feel that our love for him is fading, what can we do?

10 The Apostle Paul told Timothy that his worship of Jehovah should be “with all his mind,” and that what he does for his good service should be “with his mind.” (Read 1 Timothy 4:13, 15.) So try to incorporate that idea into your prayer, and look for ways you can worship Jehovah better, so that you will be “burning in spirit.” (Rom. 12:11) For example, you can study what you will be learning in a class before you go, so that you can concentrate on it after the class. Or, if you are studying, you can choose a quiet place to meditate on what you have learned. If you do, you will benefit greatly from what you learn. If you want to go further, you will be able to do so immediately. Also, if you want to show appreciation for the things that Jehovah has done for us that are related to the ransom, you need to focus on all of the things we have discussed. In addition, if you take a moment to remember Jesus’ death, you can reflect on the blessings that Jehovah has bestowed on his Savior. If you do this, it will help you to show greater appreciation for the ransom, because it allows you to enjoy Jehovah’s creation.

11 Though thou knowest that the abode of thy God is in the east,

10

Ask yourself, “What can I do to help me and Jehovah ‘get things right’?” —See paragraph 16.

JW.ORG

(Matt. 6:33) “When I look at things with a negative outlook, am I more inclined to do evil?” (Deut. 97:10) “Am I a peace-loving person, and am I trying to bring peace into the congregation?” (Eph. 4:2, 3) This is the best time to consider these questions. Jehovah and his Father Jesus show that they love us. If we think about what they have done for us, it will help us to love them. If we do so, we will not do what we want to do, but rather we will look for ways to do things that resemble Jehovah and Christ.*

WE ARE GOD’S WORSHIPERS

14 In this case, our brothers and sisters serve Jehovah. Some of them serve Jehovah for many years, and some of them stop serving Jehovah after a few years. Why is that so? Some of them have been given “a time of rest.” (Luke 21:34) Some of them have been given a time of rest because their brother or sister has said or done something that affected them. (James 3:2) Some of them have committed a serious sin that should have caused them to seek help, but they have not taken a step. So, if something is preventing you from serving Jehovah, what can you do? What should the fact that Jehovah loved you so much that he gave his Son Jesus to die for you compel you to do?

15 Do you see that Jehovah rejects or disapproves of those who seek to serve him? David! When a man seeks to serve Jehovah, Jehovah seeks him earnestly. When he sees him, he instructs him, and helps him to return to him. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Do you see that Jehovah is looking for you to return to him? Yes! Just because you read this, it means that you want to return to Jehovah. Jehovah saw something good in your heart, so he brought you back to the truth.

* To learn how you can show your appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you, see the article “What Do You Need to Do to Worship God?” in The Watchtower, June 15, 1995.

14. What makes some people worship Jehovah?

15. What does Jehovah do to those who refuse to serve him? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

24 AWON-ABAN

Therefore he desires to take your father back to him."

16 In the book Jehovah’s Witnesses—Proclaimers of God’s Kingdom, there is an encouraging passage that says: “Remember that if you return to Jehovah, he will take care of you. He will help you to stand firm in your mind, and you will be free from fear. Then you will have peace of mind and hope. That will enable you and your fellow Christians to return to worship Jehovah.” Elders are also committed to helping you. They can be “a pillar of strength and a bridge of hope” for you. (Isa. 32:2) Knowing that you appreciate the ransom, ask yourself, “What can I do so that I and Jehovah can ‘make things right?’” (Isa. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) Some of the things you can do include attending a service at a Kingdom House. Or, you can tell one of the elders that you want to return to Jehovah. He or she may arrange for you and someone else to spend some time together. But every step you take to return to Jehovah shows that you appreciate the ransom, and Jehovah will bless it.

16. What can help Jehovah’s servants to come closer to Jehovah? (See also the footnote.)

WHO WILL YOU BE?

17 Jesus said that Jehovah wanted him to give his life as a sacrifice, “so that whoever eats him may not perish but have eternal life.” (John 3:16) While death did not bring salvation to mankind, Jehovah’s ransom can bring salvation to us. Because of what the ransom has done for us, we should not be complacent. (Rom. 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) As we approach the anniversary of Jesus’ death, take time to reflect on the love that Jehovah and Jesus have for us. Doing so will motivate you to do something to show your appreciation.

18 So, what can you do to show that you value the ransom? What you do may not be what your loved ones will do. But let’s say that Jehovah’s servants all over the world are trying to ‘stay close to those who died for them.’ So if you, too, try to do that, you can be sure that Jehovah will bless you.—2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. How can we make the most of our time, now that it is only a short time before Jesus’ death?

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ If you are a Bible student, what can you do to show that your heart is worthy of the ransom?

■ If you are baptized, what can you do to show that your heart is worthy of the redemption?

■ If you want to serve Jehovah, what can you do to show that you value the ransom?

DWOM 14

Ayeyi Nka Asase So Hene Foforo No

MARCH 30–APRIL 5, 2026

DWOM 76

Anigyesɛm Bɛn Ni!

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

We will look at how to present the truth, and how to present the truth of the Bible in a way that appeals to people.

When You Teach the Truth, Don’t Speak Loudly

‘Jehovah, the true God.’—D&C 31:5.

When we have a conversation with a Jehovah’s Witness, we often ask, “How did you learn the truth?” Some say that their parents taught them the truth. Others say that they learned the truth recently. Whether we learned the truth when we were young or not, each of us should follow the truth of God’s Word in everything we do. Because we know that if we learn the truth, Jehovah will raise us up in his family. One way to show that we learn the truth is to speak the truth and to do good.—Deuteronomy 15:1-3.

2 Jesus was truthful all the time, and everyone knew that. Even his followers acknowledged that he was telling the truth, but they rejected it. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus told his disciples how people would react to the truth he was teaching. He said: “There will come times when a man will rise up against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a widow against her mother.” (Matt. 10:35) Jesus did not want people to rise up against him and his disciples, but he knew that it would happen because of the truth he was telling. (Matt. 23:37) He knew that the truth he preached would be rejected by half the people in the world; some would not accept it, and some would reject it.—2 Thess. 2:9-11.

3 As for us, we speak the truth, but we seek to speak the truth always, and to imitate Jesus. Moreover, the truth of the Bible is revealed to us--

1. What must we do so that Jehovah will accept us into His family?

2. (a) What did people know about Jesus? (b) How did the truth Jesus taught help people follow him?

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

26

In this chapter, we will find answers to the following questions: How do we know the truth? Why should we tell the truth? How should we tell the truth? When should we teach the truth? The answers to these questions will help us to know how to allow our children to do so when we teach the truth, and when it is appropriate not to do so.

WHERE DOES IT HAPPEN AND WHY?

19:9; 119:142, 151) Also, every prophecy he makes is true. (Isa. 55:10, 11) He keeps every promise he makes. (Num. 23:19) Indeed, Jehovah cannot lie! (Heb. 6:18) For all these reasons, the Bible calls Jehovah the “true God.” —Deut. 31:5.

5 Some say that it is hard to see “the true God,” Jehovah, but that is not true. Everything we see testifies that he exists. (Rom. 1:20) When the apostle Paul and several Greek writers met in Athens, they said that God wanted to be “seen,” and that “he was between each one of us.” (Read Acts 17:27.) However, Jehovah draws to him those who are dedicated to seeking the truth.—John 6:44.

4. Why can we say that Jehovah exists and is true?

5. Why is it not hard to see the “true God”? Write. (Acts 17:27)

(2 Pet. 1:20, 21) Therefore, everything it says is true, and we can relate to it. For example, the Bible tells us that God created the heavens and the earth, as well as man and animals. (Gen. 1:1, 26) It also tells us why all people are evil and why suffering and death are so prevalent. (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) It also tells us that Jehovah will put an end to the suffering that Satan, the “evil master,” will cause through his Son. (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) The Bible also tells us that Jesus will destroy the wicked, raise the dead, restore the earth, and cleanse us from all sin and evil. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) All of this, according to the Bible, can have a tremendous impact. Jehovah teaches us the truth, and allows us to teach others. This is a great opportunity! —Matt. 28:19, 20.

WHY SHOULD WE PLAY?

7 As we saw earlier, if we want to belong to Jehovah’s family, we must speak the truth. But if Jehovah judges us, we must not only speak the truth, but also show him how we perceive the truth. While Jesus was doing his work on earth, let’s consider what happened. (Read Mark 3:11, 12.)

6. What is the truth of the Bible, and why do you want to know it?

7-8. Do we care about the truth? Give examples. (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also footnote.)

JANUARY 2026 27

When you teach the truth, who will you honor? (See paragraphs 7-8.)

22:31 And he went out into the midst of them, and stood before them. 22:32 And some of the devils that were with him blasphemed against him, saying, Thou art the Son of God. 22:33 Why did the devils speak these things against him? 22:34 For they wished to deceive him, and to take his testimony away from God. 22:35 What the devils said was true, but they believed it not. 22:36 But Jesus could not hide his face from them; for they were troubled in their hearts. 22:37 And he commanded them that they should tell no man of him.

8 What can we learn from this? That is, why does speaking the truth matter so much to Jehovah? Therefore, it is important to him that we teach the truth, and if others appreciate it, we should give it all to Jehovah!—Matt. 5:16; compare with Acts 14:12-15.

9 Let’s consider another thing that we shouldn’t take ourselves too seriously. Let’s say a church elder tells us something, but we don’t want to tell it to others. When the people we want to tell it to see that it’s true, they might think we know a lot. They might give us a gift, but that wouldn’t please Jehovah. (Prov. 11:13) Why? Because we don’t have the opportunity to testify that what we say is true.

HOW CAN WE CLASSIFY THE WORLD?

10 See Colossians 4:6. The Apostle Paul told the Christians at Colosse

9. What should we not do, and why?

10. What does the Bible mean when it says that we should not ‘behave’ ourselves? (Colossians 4:6)

28 OCTOBER

What does it mean? The Greek word used here means that, when we speak, we should speak words that will help people. On the other hand, we should speak words that will touch people’s hearts.

11 Paul’s statement that we shouldn’t let ourselves be tempted to teach others the truth should be followed by practice. The Bible says that the truth of God’s Word is like a sword that can pierce both heart and mind. This means that God’s Word can discern what is in us. (Heb. 4:12) But if we don’t use the Bible properly, it can lead to confusion and misconceptions. What can we do about it?

11-12. Why should we be exemplary in teaching the truth? Give an illustration. (See also footnote.)

12 But if we are preaching, then let us be like a priest. It is a person who does not pray, and with his family celebrates Easter and Easter. Yes, we can tell him from the Bible that it is not good for a person to pray, and we show him that Easter and Easter are not worship. (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) But if we do this the first day, we will only tell him the truth, and we will not use the Word of God properly.

13 Paul also tells us to keep the law in our mouths. He does not mean that when the truth is spoken, we should ignore it or turn it away. Rather, he is encouraging us to keep the law in our mouths, so that we can speak the truth to people and convert them. (Job 12:11) But this can get tough. If we are complaining, perhaps we can

13. How can we prevent malaria from spreading in our country?

How Can You Teach the Truth Well? (See paragraphs 11-12.)

In order to imitate Jesus, we must know the right time to teach the truth. Also, we must not impose everything on them at once.

(See paragraph 15.)

Paul says that we need to know how to “convince everyone.” That is, when we speak, we need to be convinced that what we say is what God wants us to say, and not what we want to say. We need to be convinced that what we say is what God wants us to say, and not what we want to say. We need to be convinced that what we say is what God wants us to say, and not what we want to say. We need to be convinced that what we say is what God wants us to say, and not what we want to say. We need to be convinced that what we say is what God wants us to say, and not what we want to say. We need to be convinced that what we say is what God wants us to say, and not what we want to say. We need to be convinced that what we say is what God wants us to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want to say, and not what we want

HOW SHOULD WE DISCOVER THE TRUTH?

14 When Jesus was speaking to His disciples, He always left His mouth open and taught them many things. (Mark. 6:34) But they were busy with many things. Did Jesus tell them all that He knew? No. He knew that there were things that they would not be able to understand. He even said that they would not be able to understand the words He was telling them. (John. 16:12) What did Jesus mean?

15 What Jesus did makes it clear that the truth we know does not mean that when we teach people, we must impart everything we know to them at once. So, how can we imitate Jesus? We must imitate people. Now, let’s look at the father who celebrated Easter with his family. We know that those festivals are in aboson- ment, and God does not approve them. But let’s say that he celebrated Easter with his family for one or two weeks and then went to see his father. If we look at what the Bible says about aboson-

14. When Jesus was on earth, did He reveal anything He knew to His disciples? Write it.

15. Should the burden of the world be thrown on our Bible students at once? Write it down. (Proverbs 25:11) (See also the footnote.)

30 OCTOBER

If we are concerned about the celebration of holidays and are concerned about the fact that the place itself is a Christian place, how can we say that we will not let our children do it? Yes, if there are Bible students there, what they learn from the Bible will be put into practice immediately. However, it takes time before they can go wrong. To help our Bible students progress, what they need to see is to know the appropriate time or when they can see and tell them.—Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 The joy that comes from helping others learn the truth about Jehovah is difficult to express. To help others ‘grow in the truth,’ we must do the following: Be a good example. (3 John 3, 4) Make sure that your behavior shows that you take the promises of God’s Word seriously. If you speak the truth, do so. If you teach the truth, keep your mouth shut all the time, and know the right time to say something. On the other hand, if people reject you, give all the credit to Jehovah. By doing so, you will show that you worship the true God, Jehovah.

16. How can we help our Bible students to ‘grow in the truth’?

QUESTION 29: In the first case, a brother is preaching, and he suspects that his father isn’t home; he uses an article from jw.org that says that his father is a sinner. In the second case, the brother uses an article from jw.org that will help his father. In the second case, do you think the article is helpful?

WHAT DID WASUA DO TO KING JEROMEAM?

■ Acts 17:27

Colossians 4:6

Proverbs 25:11

DWOM 160

“Asɛmpa”!

YOU ARE GETTING TO KNOW JEHOVAH’S WORDS

January 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 1 TWI

WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS ARTICLE?

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no March 2-8 2

Ma Onyankopɔn Nkɔ So Nkyerɛ Wo Kwan

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no March 9-15 8

What You Can Do When You’re Afraid or Worried

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no March 16-22 14

Nea Enti and Yehia Agyede No

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no March 23-29 20

How Can You Show That You Care?

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no March 30–April 5 26

When You Teach the Truth, Don’t Speak Loudly

ADESUA HO NYANSAHYƐ

Keep the Bible in Your Mind

The above statements are abundantly recorded in the Bible, and we can learn a great deal from them. If we read these statements and want to understand them better, we need to keep them in our minds. The following guidelines can help you do so:

• Focus on your family. Reading the Bible with your family will help you focus on your family. If you are reading the Bible with your family, you may want to focus on one person from each family. Doing so will help you focus on your family.

• Think about what was going on. Try to understand what the person you are speaking to was thinking and feeling. You might ask yourself: ‘Why did that person say that or do that? If I were the person speaking to me, what would I have thought or felt?’

• You can be single. The Bible says that if you are lonely, it can help you to be single. Even if you are not lonely, it can help you.

Don’t forget to donate. Jehovah’s Witnesses support the Bible teaching work around the world. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical references in this book are taken from the New World Translation, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website in Twi, or scan your text here.

JW.ORG

w26.01-TW