JUNE 2026

YOU ARE GETTING TO KNOW JEHOVAH’S WORDS

ADESUA NAME: AUGUST 10–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

AUGUST 10-16, 2026

DWOM 122 Muntintim, Munnhinhim!

WHEN WE ARE TRUE TO OURSELVES Whatever the challenges we face, we can continue to be true to Jehovah.

How Can We Remain True to Jehovah in Trouble?

“Lord, to whom shall we go? Thou hast the words of eternal life.”—JOHN 6:68.

ONE day, Jesus was teaching many disciples in Capernaum. While there, he said to them: “If you do not eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have life in you. Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and he will eat it at the last day.” (John 6:53, 54) When the disciples heard this, many of them said: “This is a fiery saying; who can withstand it?”—John 6:60.

2 Those who were most troubled by the words of Jesus followed Him. Did they do so because of their faith? Yes, they did. For before the words were finished, Jesus had done something. The disciples were amazed at what He had done and said, “This is the Messiah who is to come into the world.” (John 6:14) It is therefore clear that the disciples believed Jesus, but when something tested their faith, they followed Him.

3 And the apostles came unto him, and he said unto them, Will ye also follow me? Peter answered and said unto him, Lord, unto whom shall we go? Thou hast the word of eternal life: we have heard of thee, and know that thou art Christ, the Son of God.

1-2. When Jesus was teaching in Capernaum, what happened?

3. What did the apostles do about what Jesus said, and why? (See also footnote.)

2

Although many of the disciples left Jesus, Peter and the other apostles continued to follow Jesus.

(See paragraph 3.)

(John 6:68, 69) When Jesus told them that they must eat his flesh and drink his blood in order to be righteous before him, Peter and the other apostles did not decide to follow him. Why? Because they did not believe that Jesus was “the Christ whom God had chosen.”—Luke 9:20, 35.

4 Although we worship Jehovah, we may be concerned about certain things. For example, if we understand something from the Bible or from our preaching, what do we do if our leaders are wrong? Or, if we face a difficult situation, why does Jehovah not do something about it? Or, if a Christian brother or sister hurts us, or if someone else insults us, what is wrong with us?

4. What kind of things can please us?

5 We need to have the strongest possible faith in order to withstand trials. It’s like trying to find a place where there are no rocks. If the rocks are weak, the place will collapse. We, too, will face trials similar to those described in the previous section, so we need to have the strongest possible faith in order to withstand them. If we continue to strengthen our faith, we will be able to stand firm and remain faithful to God, no matter what trials come our way.—1 Cor. 15:58; read Colossians 1:23.

6 Many of Jesus' disciples followed him, but the apostles did not. What helped them? The apostles were firmly convinced that Jehovah was the only one they should worship, since he had created all things. They also acknowledged that Jesus was the Son of God,

5. Wherefore it is necessary that the faith which is in you be firm. (Colossians 1:23)

6. Why did the apostles not follow Jesus?

JUNE 2026

3

If we do, we know that Jehovah follows Jesus in everything. This time, instead of discussing the kinds of difficulties we may encounter, let’s focus on six basic truths. They will help us to deal with any difficulty we encounter. The truths we will discuss are: (1) Jehovah created everything. (2) Jehovah wrote the Bible. (3) Jehovah follows his people. If we hold these truths firmly, there is no obstacle to serving Jehovah.

IS JEHOVAH A GOD OF REWARD?

7 See Revelation 4:11. Scripture tells us that Jehovah created all things. That fact alone makes it clear that he wants us to worship him. Moreover, when we consider his great power, we are reassured that if the earth were to collapse, he would be able to destroy us. But Satan is determined to deceive people into believing that there is no God. According to most scientists, the world and everything that is evil is what happened. So we need to be convinced that Jehovah is our Creator and that he loves us. If we do, when we encounter difficulties, we may think that Jehovah does not exist, and that he will not help us.—Heb. 11:6.

8 If you don’t think that Jehovah created everything, don’t worry. You can find more evidence that he did in the books Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life—Five Questions Worth Asking. You can find more evidence in the weekly article, “Did Life Be Created?” on jw.org.

7. What does Revelation 4:11 tell us about Jehovah, but when we face trouble, what attitude should we take?

8-9. If you are convinced that there is no Creator, what should you do? (See also the chapter.)

Photo credit: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; artwork credit: Mercedes-Benz USA; copyright: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

The book Was Life Created? is old, but you can read it again (See paragraph 8)

Jessica, who lives in the United States, says: “When I first read the book The Origin of Life, it made me realize that God knew how things were created. I knew that from the beginning, but when I read it again, it made me realize that there was a Creator.” You can also find help in Questions Young People Ask—Answers That Work!, chapters 6 and 7. You may have read those books before, but you can read them again.

9 So, the evidence that God exists is something that you can study further. The research you do will help you to strengthen your belief that Jehovah exists; it will also help you to get to know Jehovah better. (Rom. 1:20) And, what you learn, you can help those who think that God does not exist. So what else do we say? That is, Jehovah has created many things, and all of them testify that he exists.

WHO IS JEHOVAH AND WHAT DOES THE BIBLE TEACH US?

10 See 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. Jehovah wrote the Bible for us. It answers our most pressing questions. It also tells us what Jehovah wants and expects of us. Remember that Jehovah wrote the Bible, and there is no other book more important in our life than the Bible.

11 Why do we believe that Jehovah

10. Why is the Bible so important to us? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. What makes you believe that God and a woman wrote the Bible?

(Luke 3:1, 2) Even when it comes to prophecy, it is accurate. (Job 26:7) Although Satan has tried to undermine the Bible, his attempts have failed. Why? Because no other book on earth has been translated into more languages and by more people than the Bible. The Bible was written by about 40 people, and it was written about 1,600 years before anyone else wrote it, but its words are accurate. Although they were written in a different way, the good proverbs help many people today. (Prov. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) Moreover, many of the prophecies in the Bible have come true. This is another proof that we can rely on the Bible. (Josh. 23:14) Indeed, there is no doubt that God and woman wrote the Bible!

12 What should we do if we sometimes feel that only the Bible is God’s word? We should talk to Jehovah about it and make our own research. A young man named Jordan, whose parents are faithful, says: “I don’t take everything I hear for granted. I do my own research to see if it’s true. But the truth is that my opinions are always in control. When that happens, I try to research our literature so that I can find answers to my questions and make my own decisions.

12. If at times we feel that the Bible alone is God and was written by Him, what should we do?

JUNE 2026

5

Jehovah’s Witnesses are a family because we are united in love (See paragraph 16)

If we continue to look for evidence that Jehovah and Jesus wrote the Bible, our faith will be strengthened.—1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

JEHOVAH DOESN’T LOVE WRONG PEOPLE

13 A Jehovah’s Witness might ask, “Why do Jehovah’s Witnesses worship what they do, and is that the true religion?” If you think so, take a moment to think about it; do something about it immediately. You might ask yourself the following questions: ‘Which religion does the most to use the Bible as its guide? Which religion bases all its teachings on the Bible?’ (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) ‘Who is doing Jehovah’s will today?’—Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 Jesus said that the good news of the Kingdom would be preached throughout the world at the end of time. He asked, ‘Who will do this work?’ (Matt. 24:14)

13. What should we do if we are convinced that the true religion is not that of Jehovah’s Witnesses?

14. What are Jehovah’s Witnesses doing to fulfill Matthew 24:14?

We alone preach the good news of God’s Kingdom in more than 240 countries. We have been doing that for more than 100 years. In fact, the preaching and teaching work is more important to us than anything else.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

15 See Matthew 6:9 and Isaiah 43:10. God’s name is Jehovah, and we are proud to be called Jehovah’s Witnesses. Most people in the country don’t know that name, but we use it where it should be in the Bible. In the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, the name Jehovah appears more than 7,000 times.

16. See John 13:34, 35.

15. What do Jehovah’s Witnesses do to preserve God’s name? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Why can we say that the commandment in John 13:34, 35 applies to Jehovah’s Witnesses? (See also the footnote.)

6 OWAN-ABAN

But Jehovah’s Witnesses, we are united because of love and unity. We come from different countries and speak different languages, and each of us is different from the others. But we try to keep peace and unity among ourselves. Have you ever asked yourself, would you like to travel to another place? If so, have you noticed that there is love and unity among our brothers and sisters? Notwithstanding all this, Jehovah is doing his will through his people today. If we think about this, we can remain faithful to Jehovah despite every difficulty we encounter.

NNYAE JEHOVAH AKYI DI DA

(2 Tim. 3:1, 13) At the same time, we may face other pressures. Perhaps Jehovah’s congregation is making a decision, or giving us directions that we shouldn’t follow. Or maybe our brother or sister is doing something that makes him or her angry with us. If the situation is uncertain, we may not know what to do and our minds may be distracted.

18 Nonetheless, we can continue to be faithful to Jehovah. Why? Because we know that Jehovah is the Creator, the author of the Bible, and that he follows his people. Therefore, like Peter, we can ask Jehovah: “Where shall we go? You have the words of eternal life.”

17-18. What troubles can we encounter, and what words of encouragement can we utter?

SECTION 6: A father and mother who live far away from their children are delighted to see their brothers and sisters in the work of preaching.

IF THIS IS THE CASE, WHY DID KNOWSOME NOT RETURN TO HIS FAMILY?

■ Jehovah created all things

■ Jehovah and the Man Who Wrote the Bible

■ Jehovah Supports His People

DWOM 123 Brɛ Wo Ho Ase Ma Nyankopɔn Nhyehyɛe

AUGUST 17-23, 2026

DWOM 90 Monhyɛ Mo Ho Nkaran

What can we do if there is tension or conflict between us and our brothers and sisters?

What We See Is What We Get

“Lay off your robes of meekness, gentleness, humility, gentleness, and self-control.”—COLOSENSES 3:12.

‘YES, we need great comfort in this evil world. Jehovah knows that our friends can help us.’ Do you remember that? Our song titled “Good Friends” is what we put on our hearts. It’s great that Jehovah has given us good friends in his service! (Dt. 119:63) We are a loving family and we worship Jehovah.

2 The friendship we want to have with our brothers and sisters should not be just food. It should be something that brings joy to our relationship with them. But it must be said that this kind of friendship requires work. We are a family that loves Jehovah and Jesus, and that love makes us happy. (John. 13:35) Moreover, because salt is near and salt is far, it is easy for two sinners to quarrel.

3 The truth is, we do not like some more than others. Why? Because we may share their preferences, or things they dislike, as well as we do. But if there are some, it may be difficult for us to sympathize with them. Sometimes we disagree with them, and that can lead to problems. Sometimes we are different from them, so it may be difficult for us to comfort them or for them to comfort us. Sometimes our brother in Christ may be seriously ill, or he may be in trouble, and that may cause trouble for us and for him. Adesua yi mu no, Let's look at how

1. How do we get good friends? 2. How should we treat our brothers and sisters? 3. Why can it be difficult to deal with our brothers and sisters?

8

Jesus’ example can help us when conflicts arise between us and our brothers and sisters. But before we go any further, let’s look at some positive choices that can help us improve our relationships with our brothers and sisters.

I choose to be who I am or what I look like.

4 If we want our relationship with our brothers and sisters to grow stronger, we must focus on their good qualities. If we show compassion for our brothers and sisters, it will help us to show compassion for ourselves. The Apostle Paul longed to see his brothers and sisters again. For example, he wrote to the Thessalonians: “We made every effort to see you.” (1 Thess. 2:17) Some believe that the best way to be with our brothers and sisters is to meet them face to face and have a conversation with them. However, if there is a conflict between you and your brother or sister, simply talking to them may not solve the problem.

5 When disputes arise between us and our brothers and sisters, good love can help us overcome them. (Read Colossians 3:12.) If we show humility, love, gentleness, and compassion, we can overcome any conflict that may arise between us and our brothers and sisters. Just as oil works well, so can good love help us overcome any conflict that may arise between us and our brothers and sisters. Let us consider nine ways we can strengthen our relationships with our brothers and sisters. In each case, we will look at how we can imitate Jesus’ humility, love, gentleness, and compassion. This will allow us to move more freely around the city.

BERE A WO NE OBI ADWENE NHYIA

6 Why can it cause trouble? If two people disagree on something, you might see that each of them thinks that his advice is the right one. Let’s say that two brothers are making arrangements for their ministry. What if we do it right, and what if we do it wrong. Each of them thinks that his advice is better than his neighbor’s. Isn’t that a good thing, but you know that their disagreement can cause trouble and destroy their relationship? If they try to settle the issue, it can cause each of them to abuse his neighbor. Because of this simple issue, you might see that their relationship gets worse.

7 Imitate Jesus’ humility. Jesus taught his disciples that if they disagreed on a matter, humility would help them settle it. His disciples did not dispute who was the greatest among them. This responsibility lay heavily on them. So Jesus also knew that if they were to live up to this responsibility, they would have to give up themselves and give to others. (Matt. 20:25-28) Even shortly before his death, Jesus set an “example” for his disciples; he gave up himself for them.

4. What can we do to strengthen our relationship with our fellow human beings?

5. What will help us resolve any conflict between us and others? Teach in parables. (Colossians 3:12)

6. If you and someone else disagree on something, what kind of trouble can it cause?

7. How did Jesus show his disciples that they needed to be humble when they disagreed?

JUNE 2026 9

If you take care of yourself, the conflicts that arise between you and your brothers and sisters, you will take care of them and you will give them your time and attention.

(See paragraph 8.)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) If Jesus had told them what to do, they would not have had such a bad relationship with each other. If they accused each other of giving them, and if they disagreed on a matter, they would have rebuked each other; rather, they would have disputed.

8 What can you do to improve your relationship with your brothers and sisters? If you are humble, you will be able to put aside the arguments that arise between you and your brothers and sisters, and you will be able to forgive them. (Read Colossians 3:13.) If you disagree with someone on a matter, humility will help you to resolve the matter. If you do, your relationship will not break. (Deuteronomy 4:4) Even if your brother or sister says something to you that upsets you, sometimes we all have the power to say things back to ourselves. (Ecclesiastes 12:12) 7:21, 22) Ask yourself, ‘Who am I, and what is my word, and what is our relationship, and what is the most important thing?’ You can atomize the person who is telling you the truth. Also, don’t think about what happened, and don’t talk about it again.

6:7) Take heed that nothing be broken between you. For many brethren go to the elder and settle their differences with him. (Deuteronomy 34:14) Therefore, if you go to your brother, you may say something like this: ‘We have made friendship with you today; let us not have this matter between us. Let us see if we can get away from it.’ Make sure that you say something that will make it happen, and let him forgive you for what you have done. And if your brother forgives you, tell him what you have done, and let him forgive you. (Luke 17:3, 4) However, you will be there to explain what his message is, and what

8. If there are disagreements between you and your brother or sister, how will humility help you to improve your relationship with them? (Colossians 3:13) (See also the footnote.)

9. How will humility help you when you are in conflict with someone? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 OWAN-ABAN

But go and make amends with your neighbors and put your trust in the Lord.—Proverbs 18:24.

YOU DON'T HAVE TO GET OUT OF THE SCENES TO DO THIS.

10 Why can it be troublesome? If there are some elders, it is because they live as we do, and it is therefore easy for us to behave with them. If there are others, it is because the way they do certain things is unpleasant to us. And if there are others, it is because they are well-groomed, or because they are well-educated, or because they are well-behaved, that they do not behave with men, or that they do not behave with themselves. And if there are others, it is because they live as everyone does, and it is therefore easy for us to behave with them. Perhaps we love men, but others love women.

10:35-37) But in this case, it is Jesus’ Father’s great power and great love that he had in heaven that came down to earth. (Phil. 2:5-8) It is clear that if the two apostles were chosen, then it was Jesus. In the end, Jesus went and took care of James and John and the others.

12 Jesus watched over his apostles to make sure they always did everything right. He knew that the majority of the disciples shared the opinion of James and John. (Mark 9:34) Jesus was among them, because he knew where they were kept. Where they were kept, the devil and the opportunity to betray them were also there. But Jesus had compassion on them. He knew that the temple would soon be destroyed, but the prison would not. Therefore, he knew that he needed time before his disciples could live in the sanctuary.—Mark 10:42-45.

13 What can you do to improve your relationship with your brothers and sisters? If our brother or sister has a grief that we don’t care about, we should go and comfort him or her. (Prov. 14:29) We all have different kinds of grief. Some of them are not evil grief; rather, it’s the different kinds of grief that make each of us unique. So, if we are grieved by others, it makes us happy. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) So, if others have a grief that we don’t care about, we should go and comfort them. For example, consider how difficult it is for someone who is lonely or anxious to go out and socialize with others. Therefore, if someone is lonely or anxious, he or she must be helped. While it is true that not everyone can be a loving person, it should be noted that even Christians who are lonely or anxious are encouraged to work hard.

14 If we have love, it helps us to consider the good things of our brothers and sisters. If we do so, it will not be hard for us to love our brothers and sisters as we love ourselves. For example, James and John were only brothers and sisters.

10. What can make it more likely that we are our own creation?

11. How does Jesus have authority over human beings in accordance with His human nature?

12. What helped Jesus gain the love of His disciples?

13. How will love help us to grow in relationships with others? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. If we have love, what should we focus on?

JUNE 2026 11

Good friends encourage their brothers and sisters and show them affection (See paragraph 19)

Jesus saw that they had faith. So, when we look at the good things our brothers and sisters have, we are undermining both Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 If we want to be kind to our brothers and sisters, the first thing we need to do is to pray to Jehovah for help. If you have a problem with someone else’s choice, pray about it and ask Jehovah to help you. Because Jehovah created us, he knows how each of us feels. When you pray, be assured that Jehovah knows what will help you to be kind to your brothers and sisters. Also, if you feel that you are doing wrong, pray to Jehovah to send his holy spirit to help you change your mind.—Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.

BERE A YƐN NUANOM REHU AMANE

16 Why should we be grieved? If our brothers die, or are-

Sometimes, we may be upset by what others say or do. For example, they may be quiet or angry, or they may do something that upsets us. Or they may say or do something that upsets us. (Job 6:2, 3) We may not understand everything our brothers or sisters are saying, and we may feel that they are telling us a lie, or that they are upset.

17 And Jesus was full of compassion and mercy. And he had compassion on them that saw him, and healed them: and they that met him were amazed. And there was a certain blind man, Bartimaeus by name. And when he saw Jesus passing by, he stood by the wayside, and cried out, that he might be noticed of him. And the people that stood by rebuked him, but he hid his face: for he desired that Jesus should heal him. But his words made Jesus “feeling sorry.” (Matt. 20:34; Mar. 10:46-52)

15. If we go with our brothers as they go, who will help us?

16. If our brother dies or is dying, what grief can there be?

17. What did Jesus learn from the healing of the blind man Bartimaeus?

12 AUGUST

Bartimaeus returned to his own, and pleaded with him to believe in him. Then he spoke.

18 What can you do to improve your relationship with your brothers and sisters? Be gentle. By being gentle, you can “comfort” brothers and sisters who are grieving or waiting. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) As a free man, you are always there for your brothers and sisters, even “when they are grieving.” (Proverbs 17:17) A man with this attitude is not only gentle and compassionate toward those who are grieving, but he also comforts them, tells them a lesson, and does something good for them.

19 What positive things can we do to show compassion and respect? While we cannot avoid suffering when our brother or sister is in trouble, we can show compassion and do something to help him or her feel a little better. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) If he or she tells you about his or her grief, listen to him or her, and if he or she does, try to comfort him or her. (Prov. 12:25) Be mindful of what he or she is feeling, and talk to him or her about it. (Prov. 18:13) Try to be kind to him or her, and see how anything he or she says or does will work out.—Eph. 4:32.

20 It is good for us to have many good friends in the church. But sin is in all of us, and many of us are in a state of evil, so that sometimes we can say or do something that will bring us trouble. Therefore, if we do something that comforts our brothers, and if they respect us, and love us, and have compassion on us, and show us kindness, and help us, it is a great joy to us. So let us all strive to be good people.

20. What kind of person do you want to be?

18. What can you do to help brothers and sisters who are not yet believers? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. How Can We Practice Kindness and Respect? (See also the footnote.)

EXAMPLE 10: A younger brother and a older brother were discussing how to get a job in a new country, but they disagreed. Later, they went to preach.

WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF YOU HAD THAT PERSONALITY IF YOU WERE...

When you disagree with them on something?

When did you decide how you wanted it to be?

bere a wo nua bi rehu amane?

DWOM 124

Yebedi Nokware Daa

AUGUST 24-30, 2026

DWOM 65 Kɔ W’anim!

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

The way we pray helps us.

The Way We Organize Our Worship Is Good for Us

“Let my whole heart be with Jehovah in the congregation.”—D&C 111:1.

WHEN did the elders ask you to be a preacher? That day, you will be delighted, because you will be with the brothers and sisters who are preaching Jehovah’s name all over the world. (Dt. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) At the same time, you may be focusing on a small task that only a few brothers and sisters are doing; that is, your preaching. Jehovah’s task of preaching the good news of the Kingdom “to all the earth” is best accomplished through the preaching ministry.—Matt. 24:14.

2 What do you think of the different ministries that help us preach the gospel? A young woman named Wendy* said: “Your ministries help my father. They give me the opportunity to share the gospel from my mother’s mouth, and they help my teaching to be more effective. Also, your ministries help me to focus more on myself, my family, and my friends.” A young man named Rich continued: “The opportunity to serve as a minister has been a great gift to me. For example, when the brothers help someone to repent, their supervisor then has the opportunity to help that person grow in Jehovah’s service for many years.” A young woman named Dinah says: “I can feel that I’m part of the ministry. My ministers are like brothers and sisters to me.”

*Waasesa eden no bi.

1-2. What do some people think about the ministry?

14

3 In this lesson, we will consider five things. First, we will look at how ministering leaders and servants help those in their ministry. Then, we will look at what each of us can do to help our ministers. Finally, we will look at how our ministry helps us.

ASSEMBLY OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA

4 If your minister is a congregation leader*, ask your elder to help the brethren in his congregation to prosper in the service of Jehovah. What does he do? First, he keeps a watchful eye on the young men in his ministry. (Prov. 27:23) Because he is a shepherd of sheep, he and his servants keep an eye on how things are going in their homes. By doing so, he lets his servants know that he loves them, and he can help them to become faithful to Jehovah. Also, he has the opportunity to do good things for them. (Prov. 12:25; Isa. 2:15-17) Second, he helps each preacher in his group to commit himself to the ministry. He puts his heart and soul into the ministry, not the end of the week. He also helps each preacher to do the ministry, and he encourages him. If for some reason he is unable to preach, he sees to it that

* In the absence of a church leader, they may allow a servant to oversee the church until they have a leader. The servant who oversees the church is called a servant because he is the overseer in the church. Instead, whatever he does, he does it under the direction of the church leader.

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

4. (a) What are the main tasks of a ministering supervisor? (b) What do ministering supervisors do to help their congregations? (See the section entitled "What Can Help a Ministering Supervisor.")

What Can Help Your Supervisor

• Meetings should be short; they should not last more than five minutes, so that the brothers may be able to return to the ministry immediately.

• Try to make sure that all of your family attends church; even those who for some reason don’t attend. Maybe you can take your family to church at another time, or in the afternoon.

• Counsel and encourage your loved ones at all times. You can counsel them in their homes, at the Kingdom Hall, or anywhere else that helps. You can also telephone them, or write a letter of encouragement.

• Support male brothers so that they can take responsibility in the church.

• If you and other members of your family go to church together, it is your responsibility to go to church with them.

(1 Tim. 3:1) He encourages the men in his household, and gives them examples from the Bible. Furthermore, he encourages the men in his household, and gives them examples from the Bible. Furthermore, he encourages the men in his household, and gives them examples from the Bible. Furthermore, he encourages the men in his household, and gives them examples from the Bible. Furthermore, he encourages the men in his household, and gives them examples from the Bible. Furthermore, he encourages the men in his household, and gives them examples from the Bible. Furthermore, he encourages the men in his household, and gives them examples from the Bible. Furthermore, he encourages the men in his household, and gives them examples from the Bible. Furthermore, he encourages the men in his household, and gives them examples from the Bible. Furthermore, he encourages the men in his household, and gives them examples from the Bible. Furthermore, he encourages the men in his household, and gives them example

JUNE 2026 15

Because of the importance of the work of an evangelist, the elders decide to delegate this responsibility to a more senior member of the congregation.

5 Some things can make it difficult for a supervisor to help his congregation properly. Consider Jörg, who is a supervisor in a congregation in Germany. He says: “If I were to do my job as a supervisor and also do all the work assigned to me in the congregation, there would be conflicts. Therefore, it is difficult for me to communicate with all my congregation members.” Consider Abel, a 70-year-old congregation leader in Uganda, who says: “We have many elders and ministers, so preaching to the different congregations in our congregation is very important. Obed, a church elder in Suriname, says: “It’s my passion to teach others. But it takes time and effort, and sometimes it takes a while before you see the results of what you teach. That’s why it’s hard for me to teach others.” What can help elders who face such challenges?

6 But let the preaching of the gospel be in every place, that the overseer may know every one, and exhort them to the strengthening of the faith. What if the elders of the church be absent? In that case, the elders may appoint ministers of the church to oversee the congregation.

The elder can assist a servant in his ministry; he may even allow him to attend meetings (See paragraph 7).

If there is a lack of evangelists in the church, it can be difficult for the pastors to do their job properly. The primary task of the pastors is to help their brothers and sisters grow in faith. Therefore, if the church is filled with evangelists, they will do their job well.

7 If you are an overseer in a congregation that has no elders, make sure that you supervise your servant so that you can look after God’s flock properly. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Put tasks in your servant’s hands. Sometimes, you can let him watch the meetings. You can pray with him and discuss what you can do to help your servant make progress. If you go to encourage your servant, it is up to you and your servant to go. Before you go, you and your servant should discuss what you will do.

5. What are the requirements for a person to be an auditor?

6. If the preaching is instrumental, how does it help the listener?

7. In a congregation where there are no elders, what can congregation leaders do to help all of their congregation? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also footnote.)

16 OWAN-ABAN

(2 Tim. 2:2) The elders in your church who are close to you can also help you in your ministry. For example, pastors and elders in your church can help you in your ministry. They can help you in personal conversations, regular Bible study, and other things. Then, let’s look at five things we can all do to help our ministry succeed.

BOA W’ASƐNKA KUW

8 Instead, go with your coworker. If you go with others, everyone is encouraged to go to his place. (Read Romans 1:12.) If you go with someone else, it helps you to be courageous in your testimony. Also, if the place is public, you and your coworker should make a reservation. If your job doesn’t allow you to go with your coworker, you can talk to your boss and ask him if he can take your place and do your request for you. (Neh. 2:4-6) If illness or ill health makes it difficult for you to go to the meetings, talk to your supervisor. He or she may arrange for you to come to one of the Zoom meetings, and then invite someone else to testify with you over the phone or by letter. If you are a parent or guardian and you are unable to attend, then-

If so, you and your spouse can make arrangements to attend every week. Some of the things you prioritize in your life need to be changed so that you can give priority to serving Jehovah. (Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) If you do this, both you and your spouse will benefit. So pray to Jehovah and ask him to give you “the will and the strength to do it.”—Phil. 2:13.

(Read Romans 12:13.) For example, we might arrange for our congregation to meet in our home. If we have a congregation, we may make arrangements so that whenever a minister visits their home, one member of the congregation will attend. Even if the minister and the congregation cannot meet face-to-face, the members of the congregation may want to meet face-to-face and organize themselves. A senior minister named Sarah says: “When my husband invites people to my home, I don’t have the authority to refuse. If I have a doubt about whether the complaint is valid or not, I will let my brothers and sisters, with whom I will have a good conversation, make up my mind.” If we all do our part in the preaching work, it will bring us closer to Jehovah and to each other.—Neh. 8:10; Acts 20:35.

10 Be patient. If we preach the gospel, and teach it well, let us also be confident that we preach it well.

8. What can you do to help your fellow believers? (Romans 1:12)

9. What can we do to make our preaching more effective? (Romans 12:13)

10. If we need to excel in some aspect of the ministry, what can we do? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also the footnote.)

JUNE 2026 17

Because the preaching is brief, it allows us to identify the people better, and to use them in the work of preaching.

(See paragraph 10.)

(Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) That’s what a sister named Heather did. She said: “I told a minister that I needed help. He made arrangements for me to come to the meetings regularly, and that helped me a lot. Sometimes he would take me to his sister’s house to talk to her, and he helped me study the Bible with her. It’s up to me to ask for help, because I’m not going to preach anymore.” He adds, “There are many ways we can help ourselves preach.

SENA W’ASAANKA KUW BOA WO

11 Spiritual support. Your ministry helps each of us in many ways. For example, Jehovah uses your ministry to encourage and comfort the poor, the needy, the young, and the elderly, because they depend so much on him. (1 Thess. 2:8; James 1:27) When we face difficulties, our overseer can encourage and comfort us. Meanwhile, taking our ministry to the field helps us learn how to preach and teach effectively.

12 Let’s hear from Wendy, who says: “Because my dad didn’t really care about the truth, it was often hard for my mom to go to church with them at the end of the week. But I could go. A good brother who looked at me like his own son looked after me in the ministry. What I learned from him helped me in the congregation. For example, the Bible verse my supervisor taught me helps me today.”

13 Let us not be self-centered. If our preaching is good, it makes each person feel more comfortable. (Phil. 1:27) Also, because preaching is a service, if one is self-centered or people-oriented, it can lead to conflict.

11-12. What kind of spiritual help does your ministry provide? Discuss.

13. How does our preaching help us to remain faithful? (See also the next chapter of The Watchtower.)

18 AWON-ABAN

(2 Cor. 6:13) Even in difficult times, such as when we are young, depressed, or grieving over the death of a loved one, we can find support in our brothers and sisters. (1 Thess. 5:14) We know that we don’t need friends only now; we will need them even more in the future. (Matt. 24:21) When we face hardships, we may feel helpless, but we know that our brothers and sisters are there to help us overcome them.—Prov. 17:17.

14 When we are in need, they help us. If there is a disaster, a plague, a disease, or we are ill, or our preaching is not working, our ministers help us. If this is not the case, in each church, the Pastor and the District Superintendent meet to see what they can do to help those in need. The District Superintendent is present and they see where the need is, and what they can do to help them. They need food, clothing, water, bedding, and clothing. Let us pray, and your ministry helps us a lot!

15 As we see, Jehovah’s family is vast. His heavenly part alone is made up of a vast number of faithful angels. His earthly part is made up of a small number of people, and everything they say is true. (Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) Jehovah’s servants in heaven and on earth need the good news of God’s Kingdom to be heard by many people. (Rev. 14:6, 7) Let us all be determined to take advantage of the preaching service, because it helps us to serve Jehovah with all our hearts.—Deut.

14. If a disaster or emergency strikes, how does our preaching help us?

15. What do all Jehovah’s servants need?

ONE TO ONE CONVERSATION Anim: Two women ministers are in one of their sermons on the way to the sermon.

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ What are the things that evangelical leaders and their staff do to help their followers?

■ What can we do to help our preaching?

■ How Does Our Worship Program Benefit Us?

DWOM 61 Witnesses, Stay Together!

AUGUST 31–SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

DWOM 89 Hold on to God’s Word and Be Blessed

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

When we attend classes or meetings, why we should listen carefully to the instructor and how to do so.

Watch How You Speak

“See how you listen.”—Luke 8:18.

YES, Jehovah gives us many spiritual challenges. That’s why we agree with David: “Jehovah is my Shepherd. I will trust in him.”—Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One of the ways Jehovah gives us spiritual nourishment is by teaching us in the congregation. When we go to a congregation, there is much to be learned, not just words. But even if we are ‘steadfast in the truth,’ we still need to be instructed. (2 Pet. 1:12) If the things we know are the only things that are being spoken about, is it hard for you to listen? If so, this lesson will help you. We will see why we need to listen well in the congregation. Also, for those who teach in the congregation, we will look at how they can help others listen well. On the other hand, let’s look at some things we can do to help us understand the Bible better. But first, let’s answer this question: From whom do we receive our teaching?

THE WORDS HE SAID, FROM JEHOVAH

3 Jehovah uses his Word, the Bible, to teach us. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew that. So he could teach God’s word accurately even to his opponents who asked, “How does this man know the Scriptures when he hasn’t gone to school?” (John 7:15) But those who were sound-minded were amazed when they saw how Jesus taught God’s word.

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah provide for his spiritually challenged people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this lesson?

3. How does Jehovah teach us, and how does He use His Bible servants?

20

(Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah’s Witnesses, we know that our publications, broadcasts, lectures, and videos are all based on the Bible. When people come to our classes and see how we use the Bible to teach, they are amazed. The teachers make sure that the Bible is a central part of their teaching; not only do they read it, but they also show students how to apply what it says.—Luke 24:32.

4 When the Bible uses the word “obey,” it most often means to obey someone. So, when Jehovah uses his word to instruct us in a matter, and when we know what he wants us to do, it is easy to obey him. Indeed, when we obey him and put into practice what he teaches us, he is pleased.—Prov. 27:11.

IF WE ARE ADESU, WHY SHOULD WE GO HOME TO ANOTHER HOUSE?

(Matt. 22:37) As we learn more about Jehovah every day, our love for him will grow. As our love for him grows, it will enable us to serve him and worship him in a way that pleases him.—Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 We go to church as servants, because we love people. (Matt. 22:39) When we go to church,

4. When the Bible uses the word "believe," what does it usually mean?

5. What does our love for Jehovah compel us to do? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. When we communicate, what are the things we learn?

What Helps Us Hear the Word

When asked what helps them to be more responsive in a situation, brothers and sisters who have served Jehovah for many years said the following:

• Suefawn, who was baptized in 1986, says, “When you go to class, stay in front. Doing so will allow you to concentrate on the teacher and watch the videos carefully.”

• David, who converted in 1983, said, “I prayed to Jehovah many times to help me concentrate on the task. I remember that as the task progressed, my focus on the task, and my commitment to each part of the task, affected my earnings.”

• Nicolas was baptized in 1982. He says, "When someone makes a statement, gives an example, or gives an analogy that you like, think about what you're going to say."

• Augustine himself was baptized in 1988. He said, "If the true disciple does not bring something old to life again, I tell you, it will be a spiritual disaster in its own time."

The Bible teaches us how to love our brothers and sisters, both Christians and non-Christians. For example, our brochure, Love People—Why They Should Be Your Teachers, helps us learn how to love people and teach them well in the ministry.

JUNE 2026 21

So, if brothers and sisters are doing discipleship in the evening classes, let your minds be on it.

7 We obey Jehovah’s commands because we want to survive in the world and live forever. Jehovah told his servants in the past that if they wanted to survive in the world and live forever, they must obey him. We, too, must do the same. (Deut. 32:44-47) We need encouragement to help us withstand the difficulties we face until the coming of the next world. Therefore, if we obey Jehovah’s commands, we will be able to receive such encouragement. (Rom. 8:25) It is even more important today to obey Jehovah and to serve him properly, because we are in the end times.—Matt. 24:42-44; Rev. 1:3.

WHEN WE CAN GET OUT THERE AND TAKE A LOOK AT ADESUA

8 The elders who teach in the church, as well as those who give sermons, should continue to devote themselves to their teaching. If the elders take the time to prepare their sermons properly and to base them on the Bible, they can bring people into the truth. At the same time, they help their fellow Christians to continue to serve Jehovah with joy. Therefore, if one of us takes up the office, we should prepare ourselves well to do it, because it may surprise us how it can help others. If you take up the office, see how the following principles can help you. It is true that the ones who have the most power are the ones who have the most knowledge, but-

7. Why is it so important to obey Jehovah?

8. Why should men who teach in the church be concerned about how they teach?

But if each of us has an assignment, we can work.—2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

9 Prepare your words carefully. When you speak, it should not be too difficult for your listeners to understand. If your message is confusing, your listeners will be confused. How can you make sure your message is not confusing? The following tips will help you: (1) At the beginning of your speech, try to make sure that your listeners are aware of the messages you are talking about. (2) After each message, talk about it. If you talk about one message and go to another, you can take a short break and let your listener know that you are going to another message. (3) At the end of your speech, leave all the messages behind.

10 Try to focus on where you are going. If you focus on where you are going, you will think about it and it will mean something to you. (Proverbs 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) In your country, focusing on the Scriptures and the teachings will help you focus on where you are going. A man in the United States who is over 70 years old recalled a sermon he had when he was a young man. He said: “The preacher said, ‘When we are reading the Bible, let’s move backward.’ The preacher spoke to us and showed us how we should do it.

11 Recommendations for helping the victims

9. If you do, why shouldn’t you make it hard for your followers to follow you?

10. Why is it important to focus on where you are going?

11. What should a pastor do to ensure that his disciples benefit from his ministry? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 AWON-ABAN

Give them something good to do. If you are speaking, use a good Bible verse to encourage them, and show them how to apply it in their lives. For example, when Timothy was visiting the brethren in Ephesus, the apostle Paul told him about good things he could do to strengthen his faith. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) Thinking about what will help your elders will help you to say something good that will help them in their situation.

12 If you are learning your language, write in your own voice, but not as if you were speaking alone. If you write down all the words in your language and read them to the students, write in your own voice, not as if you were talking to them. Then it will be easier for them to understand. A booklet entitled “Read and Teach Yourself” says: “Speak as you usually do, and speak from your heart, so that the students can see how you feel about what you say, and how you feel about them.”

12. If you are a fool, why should you put your head in the sand?

If you put your heart in your country, it will make your country and your people come back and allow them to put what you say into practice.

13 Look at what the researcher is talking about. What do you do? You can tell the researcher what you’re looking at and any research you’re doing before you talk to him. If he gives you advice, talk to him about it. Also, tell him that you want to talk to him, so that if he sees something that’s going well, he can explain it to you and help you get better. (Proverbs 1:5) We all have something in our hearts, so we may not always realize that what we’re saying is true or sounds good. We want to be good speakers and good teachers, so that we can help our students learn the truth of the Bible.*

* For additional guidance that will help you speak and teach effectively, see our brochures Reading and Teaching Guidelines and Theocratic School Training Guidelines.

13. If you are going to preach, why should you look for a photograph of the person you are preaching to? (See also the footnote.)

Look at a picture of a study subject to help you improve your teaching (See paragraph 13)

23

Listen to Jehovah’s Voice; Don’t Let Your Phone or Tablet Take Your Mind

(See paragraph 17.)

NEA ƐBƐBOA WO MA WOATUMI ATIE ASƐM YIYE

(2 Tim. 3:1) The message that we are being taught, even if it seems to us that we need to hear it more than once, is that we should try to imitate the writer of Psalm 119, because he had a great affection for the word of God.—Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

15 When the Israelites were sitting on the sand, Jehovah watched over them and gave them water. (Ex. 16:15, 31) The water was very sweet, and it was their own, and it gave them the strength they needed. But as they were near the place, some said that the water had gone over them, so they did not drink again. (Num. 21:5) What is the right understanding? That is, we should not dismiss the spirit of wisdom that Jehovah gives us, or say that, if so, we should not drink. Instead, we should know that the spirit of wisdom that we receive is from Jehovah. It should be said that the faithful servant has set up his tent for us. In fact, putting into practice what Jesus taught can lead to eternal life.—Prov. 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

¹⁶ What helps us to understand well. Let’s look at what helps some elders who have served Jehovah for many years to understand well in class. Brother Ashley, who has served Jehovah for more than 30 years, says: “When I read the material before I go to class, it helps me to understand it better. If I don’t read it, it’s hard for me to remember the answers, and it clears my mind.” Brother József, who has served Jehovah for 52 years, says: “Even if the material is dead, I like to read it again, because you look at it and add a little something to it. So I learn something new every day. Even if I have to speak to my father, I don’t think that’s what I’m going to do.

14. Why should we imitate the writer of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

15. How do we deal with complaints of human rights violations?

16. How can elders who have served Jehovah for many years help their younger brothers and sisters to understand the Bible? (See also the section entitled “What Helps Us to Understand the Bible.”)

24 AWON-ABAN

But the word of the Bible that he is teaching.”

17 The following tips can help you listen better. (1) If you’re preparing for a class, make sure you’re prepared, but still calm. (2) Get there early and find a place to sit before the class starts. (3) Put your phone or tablet on silent, and don’t be distracted while the class is going on. (4) Focus on what you’re going to learn during the class. (5) Keep your attention focused while the class is going on. (6) You can introduce some unfamiliar words on the spot or recall things that will help you remember the lesson. (8) Ask yourself, ‘How will this help someone in the congregation or in the ministry?’ (9) When you go to a meeting, review the program beforehand, and note the day’s topic, the lectures that will be given, and the scripture on which each lecture is based. (10) Before the meeting ends, listen carefully to the songs and music videos that will be played. By doing so, you will prepare yourself for the meeting.

GET TO KNOW JEHOVAH

18 We should listen carefully to what is said in the Scriptures, because if we do so, we will allow Jehovah to guide us “in the way of righteousness.” (Deut. 23:3; 31:3) The words and advice given to us will help us and guide us. If we do not, we will be like a boat on the sea that can go wherever it wants. Therefore, we should “listen carefully,” putting the words and advice given to us in practice. (Luke 8:18) Those who do not trust Jehovah will suffer today, but tomorrow they will have eternal life.—Deut. 119:2, 14.

17. What can you do to help you listen better in a class or meeting? (See also the slide.)

18. Why should we listen carefully in the church?

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ Why should we listen carefully in the classroom?

■ How can the elders who teach in the classroom help others to listen?

■ What will help you to handle the situation better?

DWOM 87 Bra! Benya Ahotɔ

ASETENAM NSƐM

70 Million Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba

GUSTAVO JOSEPH ANOM ASƐM

I was born in 1947 on the coast of Cuba, where the Caribbean Sea meets the Atlantic Ocean, where Cuba is located. I was the eldest child, and my parents had two sisters. We all nine lived on the same boat; it was called Esmeralda.

I really wanted peace in our village. We were only four of us in the village; my grandfather, my father, my brothers and my sisters. What we ate, we drank, and we played.

When I was about 9 years old, my parents and Walton Jones began studying the Bible. Uncle Walton was very religious and devoted to the gospel; he would spend about 10 hours a day with our family talking about it. Whenever he came home, many of the family members would call me over, and we would spend hours talking about the Bible. My parents, my father’s brother Pedro, and my sister Ela loved what they were learning, and soon converted to Jehovah’s Witnesses. Ela is now 100 years old, but she still serves as a missionary in Cuba.

At that time, Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba were serving Jehovah in a very restricted way. The only thing people knew about us was that we went out to preach the good news; when we returned, we packed our paper bags. We also used them! It was a great joy to see how Jehovah’s Witnesses served him in my house. At that time, it was a good time, but it would soon be a bad time.—2 Tim. 4:2.

MMERE BƆNE MU

When I was 9 years old, my father and his brother went to a meeting in another town. Sadly, they drank some water and got typhoid. I remember that when they came back, my father’s brother was sick and dead. My father died; he was only 32 years old.

After my father died, my mother decided that our family and his brother should move; he lived in a village called Lombillo. We wanted our grandfather very much, but we had to get rid of his relatives. We went there, and we began to serve Jehovah.

On August 26, 1957, at the age of 17, I was baptized in a forest near Lombillo. At that time, if one could say that it was two years ago, things were very bad for Jehovah’s Witnesses in Lombillo.

26 OCTOBER

Cuba, however, was not: in 1959, a new constitution was introduced for the nation.

The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches us that God is the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit

(Heb. 10:25) We used to meet in the fields with other women from all over the country. I remember that one man had a large barn, and sometimes we held meetings there. We couldn’t prepare the place before the meeting, and the sheep couldn’t be kept away. So we all went out to the meeting.—Micah 2:12.

The work that the brothers did at that time as a means of communicating the spiritual message to us is very impressive. For example, the brothers recorded the meeting announcement on tape, and sent it to the brothers in the country. Sometimes only two brothers prepared the entire meeting announcement, and they wrote it down on a sheet of paper. Because the brothers were too tired to do this work, sometimes if we recorded the meeting announcement on tape, it would look like a piece of ribbon, and some of the ribbon would come off. At our meetings, if there wasn’t enough space, we would put a booster seat next to the desk, and a man would sit on it to help us get more energy. If we did that, he could take the tape out of the desk. Yes, just as our brothers and sisters in other countries would stand in the hallway and take any congregational publication that fell into their hands, we would do the same. But let us not be tempted by the spirit, and let us serve Jehovah with joy.—Neh. 8:10.

WHAT WE CAN DO AND HOW

At the age of 18, I became a full-time missionary in a town called Florida. About a year later, I was sent to train as a major missionary in Ca-magüey; that was the capital city. There I met Emilia; a nun from Santiago de Cuba. We arranged a marriage, and the family ties were broken.

Emilia and I couldn’t do the pastoral work anymore; but we wanted to do more.

A. Kingdom School for Church Elders—Camagüey, Cuba, 1966

B. Yɛn ayeforohyia da, 1967

A-M_BAR_French (Belgium)

B

D 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000

D. Manufacturing

E. The First General Assembly held when the future was entrusted to us, 1994

E

District Assembly TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

I loved Jehovah. So I took a job in a factory where they made clothes. I worked from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. every day. It was hard for me to get up early, but when I did, it helped me to go to the meetings; it helped me and Emilia to go to school.

In 1969, Gustavo was born; our oldest son. It was there that they told me that I was going to be an ambassador. At that time, if you went to Cuba, it was not unusual to see an ambassador with a wife and children. I was very nervous, and we were very happy. It was Emilia and I who had the opportunity to serve our brother. During our time in the embassy, we had a second son; his name was Obed. Then we had Abner, and a few years later we had Mahely.

When I look back on my time in the missionary work, it makes me happy to see how Jehovah has blessed his people in Cuba. Not only that, but he also helped us to reconnect with our son. Let me tell you about how he supported Emilia and me while we were in the missionary work.

WHAT IF WE GO TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD WHEN WE ARE LEARNING?

When our work was stopped, we were severely harassed. Every Kingdom Hall was seized, and the next day all the missionaries in the country were expelled. Several brothers and sisters were imprisoned, and the office in Havana was burned.

If we went to a church, they would tell the brothers that we were coming. If we went, we would act as if we were going to visit our relatives. The relatives, on the other hand, would not have any trouble. Sometimes, if we went to a church, we would be with them from the same family so that we would not even remember that we were going to worship them. (Mar. 10:29, 30) However, we must be very careful, because it is not uncommon for the police to interrogate us. The elders to whom we go could be arrested if the police found out.—Rom. 16:4.

While we were in the country, we met many brothers who had no plans for the future.

28 OCTOBER

A

F

G

A. Emilia was working at the building site at the Cuba Betel.

F. Nhyiam Asa bi a yɛrehyira so, 2012

G. Bible School for Young Christians, 2013

I was 15 years old when my father died. I was 16 years old when my mother died. I was 17 years old when my father died. I was 18 years old when my mother died. I was 19 years old when my father died. I was 20 years old when my mother died. I was 21 years old when my father died. I was 22 years old when my father died. I was 23 years old when my father died. I was 24 years old when my father died. I was 25 years old when my father died. I was 26 years old when my father died. I was 27 years old when my father died. I was 28 years old when my father died. I was 29 years old when my father died. I was 30 years old when my father died. I was 31 years old when my father died. I was 32 years old when my father died. I was 33 years old when my father died. I was 34 years old when my father died. I was 35 years old when my father died. I was 36 years old when my father died. I was 37 years old when my father died. I was 3

When we went on mission, we couldn’t take all of our children with us. So we only took one of our children, and we gave the rest to my mother and my wife. If we went with our little one, we would be banned. Sometimes the police stopped us and searched our belongings, so we would put a bag full of pampers in it and put the church papers in it, and the police would be watching.

When I was 16 years old, my father died, and my mother and I lived with my grandmother, who was 70 years old. I was 16 years old when my father died, and my mother lived with my grandmother, who was 70 years old. I was 16 years old when my father died, and my mother lived with my grandmother, who was 70 years old. I was 16 years old when my father died, and my mother lived with my grandmother, who was 70 years old. I was 16 years old when my father died, and my mother lived with my grandmother, who was 70 years old. I was 16 years old when my father died, and my grandmother lived with my grandmother, who was 70 years old. I was 16 years old when my father died, and my grandmother lived with my grandmother, who was 70 years old. I was 16 years old when my father died, and my grandmother lived with my grandmother, who was 70 years old. I was 16 years old when my father died, and my grandmother lived with my grandmother, who was 70 years old. I was 16 years old when my father died, and my grandmother lived with my grandmother, who was 70 years old.

I had to go to work from Dwoda to Kwasida. I knew that if I could give the job to the worker in some way, they would have work at the end of the week. That is why I took the job. To this day, I don’t think that the worker’s superiors knew that I was working from Dwoda to Kwasida.

ME DWUMADI SESAE NO, MAMMA ANSƐE M'ANIGYE

In 1994, one day, the elders in Cuba told our 80 branch leaders in the country that we were going to have a major meeting in Havana. We looked good, so when we met, it was just fun! At the end of the meeting, they told us about the troubles in the congregation. Then they left a note for us. The elders told us that they had decided to present our names to the next elders. We understood why they wanted to do this.

They told us that it was for the meeting with the elders, and that they were doing this because,

JUNE 2026 29

Cuba Baa Boayikuw, 2013

They wanted the building to be owned by Jehovah’s Witnesses. So the board of directors told them to take the names of all the architects in the country. We all agreed to go. From that time on, the building kept us under surveillance.

There, we could go to classes and preach without being stopped by anyone, but they would not allow Jehovah’s Witnesses to worship in the church. Later, we will see that, although the elders in the superintendent’s office knew the name, they wanted to see if the name they had matched what we were going to give them.

In September 1994, the government gave us permission to rebuild the Bethel. We knew that the place that had been the Bethel 20 years earlier could be rebuilt into a Bethel.

In 1996, while Emilia and I were there, we were invited to serve at Bethel. We were surprised, and I told the elders that I was the only one with two children to look after. The elders thought about what I had said, and then they called me back and told me that it was not a good idea. So we took our time, and decided to take our children to Havana.

To tell you the truth, I went to the other Bethel with a lot of anxiety. I had been a country superintendent for many years, so that was where I lived. So, if I was at home, I would stay there. But the brothers at Bethel helped me so much that I couldn’t change my mind; not even my wife Emilia. After a while, my anxiety subsided, and I began to enjoy serving at Bethel.

But when we look back and think of the brothers and sisters we met and visited many years ago, we are filled with joy. What gives us the greatest joy is to know that our children and grandchildren serve Jehovah. When the apostle John gave birth to his first child, he said something that we also remember. He said: “There is nothing that gives me greater joy than this: to know that my children walk in the truth.”—3 John 4.

At this time, Emilia and I have been serving at Bethel for almost 30 years. The weather and the weather have been tough on us, but we have done our best to do the work entrusted to us. While we have served Jehovah, we haven’t always served him fully. But it’s our fortune that we have been able to serve “the true God” for almost 70 years in the mountains of Cuba!—1 Tim. 1:11; Dw. 97:1.

We were with our mother and her husband at the national convention.

30 OCTOBER

CREATE A NEW OBJECT

According to Galatians 4:24, which second covenant is the apostle Paul referring to?

■ The Apostle Paul described the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar. He said, “All these things stand for one thing; but the woman stands for two covenants.” (Gal. 4:22-24.) At first, we understood that the second covenant was the covenant of the law, and the other was the other covenant. However, as we examined the matter further, we found that we needed to make a mistake. It seems that Paul was referring to the Abrahamic covenant and not to the other covenant. Let us consider why we made the mistake.*

(Gal. 4:25; Ex. 19:5, 6) Therefore, the Law condemned the Israelites as sinners. At the same time, the covenant could help the Israelites to recognize the Messiah, because the Messiah was the only one who could fulfill the Law. When the Messiah offered his only life, sinful people could be saved from sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) When Jesus fulfilled God’s purpose, the law was no longer necessary.—Rom. 10:4.

(Gal. 4:23) That promise was the Abrahamic covenant. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) Jehovah and Abraham made that covenant; it is recorded in Genesis 22:18. Jehovah said to Abraham: “In your name shall all the families of the earth be blessed, because you will obey my voice.”

(Gen. 3:15) This covenant remained until the “seed” spoken of would come from Abraham. Paul teaches that Jesus Christ is the ultimate “seed.” But the “people of Christ,” the more than 144,000 who will take part in His Kingdom, will also be the seed. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) Because of the promise made to Abraham, those who believe and obey Jesus will be blessed.

Why did Paul say that “all these things stand for something”? He meant that, if the Jews of his day stood firmly on the Law alone and obeyed it, they would be like Hagar; they would be slaves forever. But if they accepted Jesus Christ, Abraham’s principal “shepherd,” they would become like Sarah, and they would be free forever. They would receive actual deliverance from sin and death. (John 8:32-34) But if they rejected Jesus, it would mean that they did not stand under the Law covenant, because the Law covenant was intended to help them to know Christ.

The Galatians to whom Paul wrote this letter were mostly Jews, and the Law either satisfied or comforted them. However, the Jews insisted that Christians who were not Jews should obey the Law. They were opposed to the law concerning the purification. Paul taught them that it was not wise to continue to obey the law that made them “children,” because Christ had given them “free will.”—Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

* This is a different interpretation. See The Watchtower, March 15, 2006, pp. 10-12.

JUNE 2026 31

YOU ARE GETTING TO KNOW JEHOVAH’S WORDS

June 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 6 TWI

WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS ARTICLE?

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no August 10-16 | 2

How Can We Remain True to Jehovah in Trouble?

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no August 17-23 | 8

What We See Is What We Get

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no August 24-30 | 14

The Way We Organize Our Worship Is Good for Us

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no August 31–September 6 | 20

Watch How You Speak

ASETENAM NSƐM | 26

70 Million Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cuba

31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31

Don’t forget to donate. Jehovah’s Witnesses support the Bible teaching work around the world. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical references in this book are taken from the New World Translation, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

BIBLE MU NOKWASƐM BI

Asau a Na Nkurɔfo De Yi Nam Tete No

The Bible also tells us that some of Jesus' disciples were Pharisees. (Mark 1:16-20) They used to bathe in the Sea of Galilee.

At that time, if one wanted to be a sailor, he would put a strong piece of wood in the shape of a stick in the middle of the sail. If he wanted to use a rope, he would make a rope out of the stick in the middle of the sail. If he wanted to use a rope, he would make a rope out of the stick in the middle of the sail. If he wanted to use a rope and had no rope, he would put a piece of wood in the shape of a penny or a penny in the middle of the sail so that if it dropped into the water, it could go over. But if the sail was a penny, a piece of wood in the shape of a penny or a penny would be placed over it. Then half of the body was dipped into the water; another piece was placed in the hole so that the other half could judge the quality of the water.

The Bible also tells us that James and John “prepared their wagons,” probably with cloths and nets. (Matt. 4:21) In addition, Luke tells us that the wagoners “put their wagons into the wagons,” making the wagons and their contents. (Luke 5:2) Then they put the wagons into the wagons so that they would not break. —Ezek. 47:10.

Jesus also warned men who did not know how to wear the garment not to become "the garment of life."

Visit the jw.org website in Twi, or scan your text here.

JW.ORG

w26.06-TW