OCTOBER 2026

A BOOK FOR THE FAMILY OF JEHOVAH’S WITNESS

DECEMBER 7, 2026-JANUARY 3, 2027

1926

NEW CENTURIES IN ASIA

“It’s not a big deal, God will call people by their names. Some will be kings on earth.” These words were quoted in the January 1, 1926, issue of the Gbetakpɔxɔ.

In 1926, Jehovah, through Jesus Christ, the head of the church, helped Christians understand that preaching should be a priority in their lives. This led to the appointment of the “faithful and wise servant.” For example, brochures were printed, church services were reformed, and all Christians were instructed in what they should do. (Matt. 24:45) With Christ’s help, they were equipped with buildings and distribution equipment that helped them to preach.

SHE IS THE MOST IMPACTFUL ASISTANT IN THIS PROJECT.

In April, the magazine called The Watch Tower (now called The Watchtower!) announced the launch of a new publication titled Deliverance, which would replace the then standard publication, Studies in the Scriptures (Études des Écritures). Because the brothers wanted to keep up with the demand for new publications, Bethel staff installed a printing machine that could print 22 new publications a minute. Bible Students made every effort to deliver a new publication to every preacher.

The Bible Students studied the Study of the Scriptures book in their meetings for many years. But from the beginning of May, they began studying the articles published in the Gbetakpɔxɔ. What were the benefits?

A parishioner wrote to Elder Rutherford, “The Little Bunker Hill Parish is indebted to you. On Sundays, we study the notes you send to the parishes. This ensures that as new information comes in, we recognize it immediately. Thank you.”

These “new interpretations” helped the Bible Students to be more committed to the preaching work. For example, one commentator pointed out that some people focused all their attention on developing good qualities such as kindness and humility, and described the most important task of true Christians as follows: “The fact is that Jehovah has commanded Christians to be his witnesses. Therefore, because Christians love Jehovah, each of them should be willing to fulfill his command to preach.”

Another fact is that true Christians show their love for Jehovah by serving him faithfully. This fact encourages Bible Students to be diligent in preaching to as many people as possible.—Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

These topics helped the brothers make the changes that were urgently needed in their churches. After studying the topics for a few weeks,

2

CONTACT

In the July 15, 1926, issue of The Watchtower, a letter was published from a brother who said: “The new things we have learned have been very encouraging and comforting. Now, we not only read the magazines, but we study them.” He went on to say that “everybody is willing to answer questions at the meetings and this is very beneficial to the congregation.”

THE WORDS OF THE PEOPLE ARE THE WORDS OF THE GOVERNMENT

At the end of May, Bible Students held a convention in London, England. At that time, all distribution offices in Britain were closed. So the brothers at the Brooklyn office worked overtime to produce 117,000 copies of a new booklet, God’s Message to the World, which was distributed to those attending the convention.

On Thursday, May 29, the attendees of the conference handed out leaflets to the public. The organizers of the conference encouraged the brothers and sisters by saying: “Every Bible Student in this city is invited to preach Jesus and the Kingdom. Therefore, if you are able, go to Alexandra Palace, and the brothers and sisters there will decide what to do.”

More than 100,000 letters were sent. July 15, 1926, the Gbetakpɔxɔ stated: “The brothers are delighted. They see that they are doing the work that Jehovah has given them, which is to preach.”

The next day, Brother Rutherford gave a sermon at the Royal Albert Hall. Shortly after the lights were switched on, 13,000 people filled the hall. Advertisements were placed on the walls of the hall for those who could not be in the hall to read.

In his speech, Mr. Rutherford emphasized that the reason the world governments collapsed was because they rejected Jehovah and His Kingdom. Mr. Rutherford went on to say that the World Government would not last.

WOƉO NƆVIWO ƉA BE WOƉE GBEƑÃ LE INDIA

Mr. Rutherford met with Mr. Edwin Skinner at the conference in London. Mr. Skinner was a journalist (today called a journalist). Shortly after the conference, Mr. Skinner returned to his duties, but Mr. Rutherford told him not to visit him in London.

Mr. Skinner said, “I was thinking of telling him that I had served abroad. So in the morning, I went to London …, and I was happy that when he told me that I had served abroad, I would accept it.”

A. Deliverance Book

B. Alexandra Palace, London

D. Royal Albert Hall, London

DELIVERANCE!

A-M_BAR_French (Belgium)

B

D 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000 1 000 000

P. George Wright (mother) and Edwin Skinner serving in India

E. George Draper

Ð

E

In fact, what happened was that Brother Rutherford asked him, “Do you want to go to India?” He replied, “Do you want to go?”

Brother George Wright also agreed to serve in India. So three weeks later in July, he and Brother Edwin set sail. Brother Skinner served as a mission director and had missions in Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India and Persia (Iran). Brother Skinner served in India for 64 years until he retired from his world ministry in 1990.

DZIKPƆLA MƆZƆLAWO XƆ ŊGƆ NA SUBƆSUBƆDƆA

Beginning in 1894, the Society hired brothers to oversee Bible Study groups in much the same way as district overseers do today. In July 1926, the dodecaphony of these brothers was changed. Initially, they spent one day overseeing each group, but it was changed to two days and they were required to do 100 morning hours a month.

Brother George Draper, who was the tour leader, wrote a letter to the Gbetakpɔxɔ organization stating that each brother, including the tour leaders, should be willing to give a hand to the people. He went on to say that studying Gbetakpɔxɔ magazines would help them do this. Brother Draper ended his missionary service in 1938.

TAKPEKPE SI WOWƆ LE NEW YORK DUGÃ ME

The 1926 General Convention was held from October 14 to 18, 1926, in New York City. The media agreed to provide coverage of Mr. Rutherford's address to the convention, but as the convention approached its conclusion, a majority of the media refused to provide coverage.

On Friday, October 15, 1914, R. J. Martin presented a tract entitled, “Telling the Truth to the People.” This tract showed that the news agencies did not want people to know the truth. Mr. Martin said, “We had already printed our brochures, and our brothers at the Bethel had worked tirelessly for 1,250,000 tracts. The brothers distributed the tracts on Sunday, and by the end of the day, they had distributed 300,000 copies of the tract.

During the weekend, thousands of copies of the tract were distributed, bringing the total distributed at the convention to over one million! In addition, the branches distributed 3,783 copies of The Deliverance and 35,140 other publications.

A crowd of about 12,000 listened to President Rutherford’s speech.

4 CONTACTS

S Judge Rutherford's Lecture Earth's Greatest Conflict Near New Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 3 o'clock SEATS FREE NO COLLECTION rnational Bible Students Association

A

F

A. Mr. Rutherford’s speech was published in the newspaper.

F. The convention held at Madison Square Garden in New York City in October 1926.

On Wednesday, October 17, at 3:00 p.m., after the lecture, the delegates asked for more translations. This resulted in more than 100,000 translations. This was the first time that such a large number of translations had been done at a conference.

THE HOUSE ON ADAMS STREET

As the demand for our publications continued to grow, the brothers in Brooklyn saw the need for a larger library. They rented a building on Concord Street, where our publications were stored. However, they could not distribute the large volumes of publications that were needed there because of the crowds. So the brothers bought a piece of land on Adams Street, not far from the existing library. They built a new prison on the land. The building was large enough to accommodate the large volumes of publications that were needed there.

A new building was completed in 1927, giving the brothers the opportunity to increase their activity as the work progressed. In the following year, the number of Bible Students grew and the organization decided to change its name to Jehovah’s Witnesses.

A bookstore on Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York.

OCTOBER 2026 5

DECEMBER 7-13, 2026

HADZIDZI 46 Jehovah, Míeda Akpe Na Wò

This article will help us to be grateful, and to see how we can express this goodness of life.

Ɖee Fia Be Yenye Akpedala

“Be thankful.”—COLOSENSES 3:15.

A 95-year-old elderly man named John*, whose health was deteriorating, had been hired to take care of him. Whenever someone came to John’s door or did even a small gesture of help, he would say, “Thank you.” Then he would write the person’s name on a note. At night, he would ask the caretaker to take him to his father’s house for prayer. John thanked Jehovah in prayer for every person who had done something good for him that day. One of his listeners said, “Even though John is sick and upset, he is always joyful and happy.” John’s example shows us that being grateful can bring joy and peace.

2 Unfortunately, many people today are thankless. The Bible foretells that this will happen in these last days. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) Some people write letters of thanksgiving. But in the case of many people, they do not see the need to thank, because they consider everything done to them to be their own merit. This is a form of self-righteousness.

3 Jehovah’s people should avoid the attitude of thankfulness that so many people show today. The Apostle Paul said: “Be thankful.” (Col. 3:15) This means not only recognizing our appreciation, but also expressing it. In this article, we will consider three questions: (1) Why should we be thankful? (2) How can we be appreciative? (3) How can we be grateful?

* Míetrɔ ŋkɔa.

1. What can you learn from John’s example? (See also the pictures.) 2. How do many people do this today? 3. What will we discuss in this article?

6

Being grateful will give us joy and peace (See picture 1)

(3) How can we show that we are grateful?

NU KA TAE WÒLE BE MÍANYE AKPEDALAWO?

The Bible says: “All the days of the sorrowful man are evil.” (Prov. 15:15) We all experience stressful situations from time to time. We can’t do anything about those situations, but we can do something about how we deal with them. If we focus solely on our problems, our days will seem like “fear.” Such thinking will keep us from noticing the good things that are happening in our lives and will keep us from being happy.

5 Being grateful is beneficial. Those who are appreciative are more joyful. Proverbs 15:15 ends with the words, “The heart of a merry man is full of joy.” A person’s focus is on the good things that will bring him joy. This helps him not to become discouraged by his problems. It is therefore easier for an appreciative person to be “full of joy,” which means to be happy.

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. Praying and giving thanks to Jehovah will help us ‘not to be sorrowful.’ Why? The more we try to give thanks to Jehovah, the more we will meditate on what he has done for us and not be sorrowful about what will happen in the future. As we meditate on how Jehovah will treat us in the future, we will be more confident that he will also be sorrowful about us in the future, so we will not be sorrowful about the future. (Matt.

4. If we are grateful, why can it be detrimental to us?

5. If we are thankful, how can we rejoice?

6. If we are grateful, how does this mean that we are ‘not overwhelmed with sorrow’? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

OCTOBER 2026 | 7

Isaiah 33:6 "He is the stability of your times" ♡

Take Time to Reflect on Your Love Every Day (See picture 9-10)

If we ask God to help us, he gives us “the peace of God,” which keeps us from losing heart and from being overwhelmed with sorrow.

7 When we are grateful, we feel closer to Jehovah. He has given us all the good things we have. (Read James 1:17.) These include the sacrifice and the hope of eternal life. Why has he given us these things? Not because we dislike him, but because he loves us. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) When we appreciate the love our Father and dearest Friend, Jehovah, has shown us, we feel closer to him.

WHO IS THE ONE WHO CAN HELP YOU?

8 Consider how Jehovah has helped you. For example, think of a difficult situation you have faced. Perhaps a loved one has died, you have been seriously ill, or your faith has been shaken. How did you cope with those difficulties? Reaffirm that you are not helpless. Rather, Jehovah has supported your efforts and given you the strength you need. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) Reflecting on what Jehovah has done for you will help you to express your sincere appreciation.—Ps. 103:2.

9 Consider what Jehovah is doing for you right now. The Bible says: “Give thanks for everything.” (1 Thess. 5:18) Take time every day to reflect on your joys. You could do this in the morning to start the day with joy, in the evening to make the most of the day, or at another time that suits you. (Ps. 92:1, 2) Like John, you can write down the good things that happened during the day.

10 Then, consider the good things Jehovah has done for you this day, for which you want to thank him. —Ps. 40:5.

7. How does being thankful bring us closer to Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. Why is it helpful to meditate on how Jehovah has helped us to come here? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What good things has Jehovah given you that bring joy to your life? (See picture.)

8

CONTACT

(Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Consider other gifts, such as the way the sun shines, the food we eat, and the way we feel when a friend does something good for us. We are thankful for all of these gifts because God has given us “life and breath.” (Acts 17:25) What other things has Jehovah done for you that you might want to thank him for today?—Eph. 5:20.

11 Consider some of the joys you have experienced as a member of a loving and united congregation. (Ps. 133:1; Lod. 18:24) Has a brother ever done something good for you or said something encouraging? (Lod. 12:25; 16:24) Even if it was a small thing, it is a joy for which you are grateful. Consider this example. When a sister’s daughter died, it was difficult for her at first to participate in the meetings. She says: “I saw a sister who was in the middle part of the Assembly and she was very hungry. She came to me, took my hand, and shared the last part of the Assembly with me. This made me love my brothers and sisters so much.” The way he helped this young woman who was in trouble made her heart warm and she appreciated it.

12 Reflecting on what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he is doing now will help us to express our appreciation. But, as we discussed at the beginning of this article, we need to show our appreciation. How can we do that?

WHAT DO YOU THINK IS THE REASON FOR THIS?

13 How can we show that we are grateful? After encouraging us to be grateful, the apostle Paul continued: “Whatever you do, in word or in deed, do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father.” (Col. 3:15, 17) We show gratitude in words and deeds. In this verse, Paul is talking about how we can show our gratitude to Jehovah. But Jehovah is also pleased when we show our gratitude to others. Now let’s consider some ways we can show our gratitude in words and deeds.

14 Show appreciation in your words. Whenever someone does something good for you or says something encouraging, remember to thank them. Sometimes, you could write a letter or send a text message to express your appreciation. For example, if an elder visits your family, you could send him a text message thanking him. (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) Sometimes, you could also express your appreciation to elders’ husbands, for allowing their wives to use their gifts.

11-12. What are the ways in which my brothers and sisters are helping me?

13. How can we show that we are grateful?

14. How can you use your words to show appreciation? (See also the pictures.)

OCTOBER 2026 | 9

How Can You Show Appreciation? (See Appendix 14.)

The time spent before the battle was spent visiting the brothers and encouraging them.

15 More than anything else, we want to thank Jehovah in words. We do this when we pray to him from our hearts. (Eph. 6:18) Often, when we pray, we ask for something or ask Jehovah to help us. Whether our prayer is to help us overcome a difficult situation, to give us wisdom to make good decisions, or to forgive us for a mistake we have made. But if we meditate on all that Jehovah has done for us, it will also encourage us to thank him in our prayers. (Ps. 95:2) So at times, we should ask ourselves, ‘In my prayers, am I only asking Jehovah for things, or am I also giving thanks to him?’

16 Show appreciation in your actions. When someone does something good for you, show them that you appreciate them. Jesus said that there is great joy in gratitude. (Acts 20:35) So, if you show appreciation in deeds, not just in words, you will find greater joy. It will also make people feel that you value them, and it will strengthen your relationship with them.

17 What Jehovah has done for us inspires us to show our appreciation through our actions. How can we do that? One way is to give ourselves “as a living sacrifice” to Jehovah. (Read Romans 12:1.) This means continuing to dedicate our whole life and everything we have to Jehovah, using all our mind and strength to do what is right in his sight. What does that require of us?

18 Because we appreciate what Jehovah has done for us, we give our

15. How can we show our appreciation for Jehovah in our daily lives?

16. Why should we show appreciation through our actions?

17-18. How can we show our appreciation for Jehovah through our actions? —Romans 12:1.

10 CONTACTS

(Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) By doing our best to serve Jehovah fully, we show our appreciation for all that he has done for us.—Col. 3:23, 24.

As we reflect on what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he is doing for us now, our appreciation for him will grow. Let us resolve to use our words and actions to show our appreciation, and most importantly, to show our appreciation to Jehovah. As we do so, we will receive great rewards from our appreciative God, now and forever.—Ps. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19 For though there be many thankers in the world, yet are there good reasons for us to be thankful.

PHOTO STORY Axis 7: What John does to show appreciation. Axis 8: He doesn’t look good to a young sister, but he’s thinking about ways Jehovah is helping her; one of them is giving her scriptures.

19. Why did you decide to give thanks?

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ Why should I be grateful?

■ How do you become an appreciative person?

■ How can you express your gratitude?

HADZIDZI 139 Kpɔ Ðokuiwò Le Xexe Yeyea

DECEMBER 14-20, 2026

HADZIDZI 143 We'll Stay, We'll Go, We'll Stay

This article will help us to appreciate the opportunity we have to contribute to three of Jehovah’s works today.

Help Jehovah’s Witnesses in the World

“All the people in Asia are my helpers.”—JOHN 13:35.

How would you feel if you were there when Jehovah brought the Israelites out of Egypt? And how would you feel if you were there when Jesus was baptized and raised from the dead? There is no doubt that you would be amazed and delighted. These are just a few of the miracles recorded in the Bible. Any good-hearted person who witnessed these miracles will be convinced that Jehovah is responsible for them. (Matt. 15:31) But these miracles happened a long time ago. Are miracles happening today? YES! Why do we say that?

2 “Work” is something that humans cannot do or fully comprehend. It is something that Jehovah uses his power to do. In this article, we will examine three things that Jehovah is doing in the depths of his humility. We could say that they are indications of why only Jehovah can cause them to happen. As we examine each of them, we will see how we can be “workers” for Jehovah by thanking him for doing these things. —Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

ALE SI MÍELE DZIDZIM ƉE EDZI LA NYE NUKUNU

3 The prophet Isaiah long ago predicted that Jehovah’s servants would increase in number in our day. (Read Isaiah 60:22.) Has this prophecy come true? Consider this: In 1914, Jehovah’s servants numbered about 144,000.

1-2. (a) What are some of the sins described in the Bible? (b) What are sins, and what will we consider in this article? —1 Corinthians 3:9.

3. Why can we say that Jehovah’s people became a “fortified nation”? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also the pictures.)

12

Since 1914, Jehovah’s love for his people has grown dramatically (See enclosure 3).

Feb 2026 Ame siwo wu 9,000,000

Feb 1914 Ame abe 5,000 ene

Worldwide, there are more than 130 nations, each with a population of more than 100 million. It is unprecedented in history that such a large number of people have accepted Jehovah’s will and are serving him in 240 countries around the world. While we may not be equal to other religions, it is no wonder that the revival prophesied in God’s Word has come true. Yes, the “little people” have become the “great nation.”

4 Many ministers give prayer water to babies in order to increase the congregation’s size, but we do not. We also do not allow our lives to be shaped by the desire for more people to join us in order to increase our numbers. Instead, we study the Bible and make changes in our lives in accordance with what we learn. For some of us, it is necessary to make drastic changes in our attitudes and practices. (1 Cor. 6:9-11) Once we have made these changes, we become ministers and continue to preach the good news so that we can help others to come to know and serve Jehovah. Eventually, we committed ourselves to Jehovah and promised to do his will no matter what. We were baptized.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 The way we are being reborn is a gift because it can only come from Jehovah. Jesus emphasized that it is not the will of man to be a disciple. He said: “If anyone wants to be my disciple, let him give up all that is his, and take up the cross, and follow me.” (Matt. 16:24) This means that Jesus must have been a disciple.

4. Why is the way we are growing so remarkable?

5. What did Jesus say would happen to His followers?

OCTOBER 2026 13

Wodzi Ðe Edzi Togbɔ Be Woti Wo Yome Hã

Jehovah’s Witnesses stood firm during the Second World War, despite being persecuted. “The way you stood firm with the Witnesses, you will stand firm again,” said a Nazi intelligence officer.

Consider what happened in the Netherlands (Pays-Bas) at the same time. A 1986 report noted: “Although some Witnesses were arrested, imprisoned, or killed, in just two years their number more than doubled to 1,379 in 1943....

These religious leaders wanted to “kill” the apostles; but a Pharisee named Gamaliel warned them: “Do not listen to these men, but rather let them alone. For if this ordinance or this work is of men, it will be destroyed; but if it is of God, you will not be able to destroy it. Otherwise it will be as if you were pleading with God Himself.” (Acts 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Gamaliel was right. After the apostles had been taken away, the religious leaders continued to follow them. (Acts 6:7) Why? Because God was helping his people to grow and flourish despite their imitation.—Acts 1:8.

For example, Jesus foretold that his followers would be brought before rulers and kings. (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also warned his followers to be careful not to be imitated by religious leaders. (John 16:2) Jesus said that even people’s relatives would reject them because they served Jehovah.—Matt. 10:34-36.

6 As Jesus foretold, the Christians of the first century were severely imitated. Soon after Jesus’ resurrection, the Jewish leaders tried to stop Jesus’ disciples from preaching.

7 Indeed, thousands of people are accepting the truth despite the reproaches and threats of family, colleagues, and others. Why are these new disciples willing to “give up their body to follow Jesus”? (Matt. 16:24) They do so because they love Jehovah and trust in his promise to keep them. And Jehovah gives them “the power beyond man” to endure. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When their family refuses to accept them, they say to themselves, “Even if I forsake my father and mother, Jehovah will receive me.” —Ps. 27:10) The fact that so many people came to believe in Jesus’ disciples despite the fact that they tried to follow them was a real miracle.

6. What helped the early Christians to remain steadfast in spite of adversity?

7. How do the disciples of Jesus today marry the early Christians? (See the box entitled “They Married While They Were Young.”)

14 CONTACTS

8 Whenever we take part in some part of the preaching work, we are working together with Jehovah and Jesus on this great task of regeneration. Jehovah and Jesus are behind us. Jesus promised us: “I am with you always, even to the end of the age.” (Matt. 28:20) Also, angels help us in the preaching work.—Rev. 14:6, 7.

ÐEKAWƆWƆ SI LE MÍA DOME LA NYE NUKUNU

9 Another thing that the prophet Micah foretold would happen in our time is that there would be great unity among God’s people. The spirit of God inspired Micah to predict how Jehovah would gather men and women together to live in unity. (Read Micah 2:12.) This prophecy is being fulfilled today. Despite their diverse backgrounds and circumstances, God’s people are united. They are like David, who said: “Look, how good and how joyful it is when brothers are united!”—Ps. 133:1.

10 Yes, we are united in many ways. For example, no matter where we are, we all learn the same things at our meetings and conferences. Around the world, Witnesses of different nationalities and ethnicities work together in our branch offices, and some work together in our regional offices. We are all brothers and sisters. We don’t share property, money, or prestige. Consider this: No matter where we go, our beloved brothers and sisters are there to help us both spiritually and physically. It has never happened in history that so many people from so many different nations and cultures share such common values and beliefs.

11 The divisions among us are remarkable because they are so different from the world’s mother. There are no divisions among people in the world today. We see in the news every day that people are quarreling with one another, rebelling against governments, and committing rebellion and evil. This is not surprising, since the Bible predicts that people will be “unrighteous,... rebellious, corrupt, self-willed, greedy, unloving of good, spiteful, rebellious, boastful.” —2 Tim. 3:2-4) Even though “the whole world is in the power of the evil one [and his evil spirits]”, we continue to serve Jehovah as one family. (1 John 5:19; Rev. 12:9) That too is true!

12 How can we help to maintain unity in Jehovah’s organization? By listening to and doing what Jehovah commands us. What we learn from the Bible helps us to be compassionate, forgiving, forgiving, and kind. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) Whether we criticize a brother’s mistakes, condemn a slander, or forgive a person, we are helping to preserve unity in Jehovah’s organization.

8. How are we responding to the ongoing global warming?

9-10. How does Micah 2:12 apply today?

11. Why can we say that our unity is a gift?

12. What can we do to promote unity among God’s people?

OCTOBER 2026 15

God’s people love each other and their brothers and sisters from the bottom of their hearts.

(See Figure 14.)

I am very interested in what Jehovah is doing in his organization today.

LƆLƆ̃ SI LE MÍA DOME LA NYE NUKUNU

13 Jesus said that people would recognize his followers by the love they had for one another. (Read John 13:35.) This love was evident among the first-century Christians. For example, they shared their possessions with those in need. (Acts 2:44, 45) They helped those who followed them. (Acts 12:5) They gave to the poor and the needy. (James 1:27) And despite their poverty, they gave gifts to help other Christians. (2 Cor. 8:1-4) The second-century writer Tertullian described what people said about the early Christians: “They loved one another... And they are willing to speak up for each other.”

14 Like the early Christians, God’s people today love one another deeply. We demonstrate our love for non-Jews through the preaching work. Because we want to help in this important task, we do things out of our hearts. No one tells us or urges us to do something, and no one asks us to do something. Moreover, love leads us to help our brothers and sisters in their troubles.* We do not only help our brothers and sisters physically, but we also comfort them and help them regain their relationship with Jehovah. (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has brought us into a great family of brothers and sisters throughout the world. Each family loves each other and their brothers and sisters from the bottom of their hearts.

15 God’s people love one another because we live in a world of selfishness. The apostle Paul foretold that in the last days people would be “contemptuous, spiteful, [and] lovers of pleasure.”

* For example, see the article Election 2023—“We See Jehovah Loves Us” on jw.org.

13. How did the early Christians show love for one another? (John 13:35)

14. In what ways does God’s people show love today? (See also the pictures.)

15. Why can we say that the love that exists among Jehovah’s people is a gift?

16

CONTACT

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus foretold that people would hate and hate one another. He also said that “many will forsake love.” (Matt. 24:10, 12) Do you agree that these things are happening in the world today? It seems that it is Jehovah’s will for people to love one another. Indeed, this is what is happening today!

16 We show our love for our brothers and sisters when we sincerely thank them for their good example and try to live in peace with them. (Mark 9:50) When we show our love for our brothers and sisters in our words and deeds, we show that we are true servants of God. When we show our love for our brothers and sisters, we are deeply committed to what Jehovah is doing in his organization today.

WHAT DOES IT MEAN IF YOU DON'T KNOW IT?

17 The comfort, unity, and love that we see in humility are proof that Jehovah is working miracles in our midst today. Although many people want to follow us, we are growing in number. Although there are many differences between people, we are one. And although love has become divided in this world, our love for God and our brothers makes people recognize that we are true disciples of Christ. (John 13:34) As “workers of God,” we are incredibly grateful that these things are happening in our day.—1 Cor. 3:9.

18 God’s promise that people will reproduce, be united, and love one another in this world is impressive. Indeed, it’s amazing! It makes us even more confident that Jehovah will fulfill his promises for the future. (2 Pet. 3:13) Keep appreciating your part in what Jehovah is doing today.

16. How can we show love for one another?

17. What makes you believe that Jehovah is doing miracles today?

18. How should we perceive what Jehovah is doing today?

WHAT CAN YOU DO IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE RIGHT INFORMATION?

■ How we are growing

■ Discrimination in my family

■ LOVE IF YOU ARE WITH ME

HADZIDZI 154

Love and Nothing Else

DECEMBER 21-27, 2026

CHAPTER 135 Jehovah Lovingly Asks: “Come, Drink”

This article will help young people see that making good friends will help them to remain faithful to Jehovah.

Friends Help Us Stay Healthy

“If a man can rule over one, two will be able to subdue him.”—PROV. 4:12.

WE ALL want to serve Jehovah faithfully. However, it may not be easy for us, because the world tries to separate us from Jehovah. We need to be vigilant so that we are not influenced by the world’s view of friendship. For example, some people in the world think that the number of friends they have is important, even if they are not true friends. Many young people seek advice and comfort from their peers, because they think that they are the only ones who understand them. Other young people think that they do not need new friends. How do Jehovah and Jesus view friendship?

2 Jehovah wants us to make good friends who will help us to serve him faithfully. Jesus loved such friends. Just before he died, he said to his faithful apostles: “These are they who have helped me in my tribulations.” Jesus called them friends. (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) Good friends help us not only when things are going well, but also in “tribulations.” (Prov. 17:17) Ecclesiastes 4:9-12* shows that good friends strengthen us.

* Although we often use this phrase to refer to marriage, it is specifically about friendship.

1. What do many young people think of friendship? 2. (a) What kind of friends did Jesus make? (b) According to Ecclesiastes 4:9-12, what are the benefits of good friends?

18

(Read.) They also help us to be encouraged. Such friends will help us to ‘stand together’ in any difficulty that comes our way. Serving Jehovah together with your friends will help you to do more for Jehovah and keep your friendships alive.

3 How can good friends help young people to remain faithful to Jehovah? How can faithful parents and brothers and sisters be good friends to young people? Let’s examine the example of the prophet Daniel to see what helped him to remain faithful in difficult times. Then, let’s see how Jehovah’s dearest friend helped Daniel when he was alone.

HELP YOUR FAMILY SEE YOU LOOKING FOR JEHOVAH

4 Daniel died at a time when God’s people were in a difficult situation. The majority of the Israelites in Judah rebelled against the worship of Jehovah. As a result, in 620 A.D., Jehovah allowed Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, to conquer Judah. (Dan. 1:2) So Daniel was in his teens at that time. A few years later, he was taken to the Babylonian prison, and then brought to the royal court to receive the throne. (Dan. 1:3-6) So it happened that Daniel was in a place far from his home and family.

5 What prepared Daniel for the trials he faced in Babylon? The Bible tells us that Daniel “set in his heart” to obey God’s laws. (Dan. 1:8) How did Daniel learn God’s laws? And who instilled in him from childhood the desire to serve Jehovah? Yes, his parents. In fact, Daniel’s name means “God Is My Judge.” It seems that Daniel’s parents gave him that name because they wanted him to serve Jehovah and obey his commandments.—Deuteronomy 6:6, 7.

1:2) Indeed, Jeremiah preached Jehovah’s words to the royalty and other dignitaries, and Daniel’s family may have been among them. (Yer. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) We can say with certainty that Jeremiah and Daniel were not friends. However, Daniel may have known Jeremiah’s prophecies from his youth, and even in his old age, he pondered them. (Yer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) Indeed, Jeremiah’s confidence in his faithfulness to Jehovah among the wicked was a good example for Daniel.

7 Daniel’s parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah had a positive influence on him. They helped him to remain faithful to Jehovah.

8 Parents today can also have a positive influence on their children. If you are a parent, ask yourself: ‘Do I teach my children the right way?’

3. What will we discuss in this article?

4. What happened during Daniel’s lifetime?

5-6. Who helped Daniel to decide to serve Jehovah?

7-8. How can parents and other experienced Christians help young people remain faithful to Jehovah?

OCTOBER 2026 19

How can you help your children to love Jehovah wholeheartedly and to grow in that love? How can you do that? Teach them about Jehovah, help them participate in his services, and work with them in the morning. It is very helpful for young people to be surrounded by people who set good examples of faith and faithfulness, just as Jeremiah’s example helped Daniel.

YOU WILL NEVER KNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO YOUR CHILDREN.

9 When Daniel and the other Hebrew youths were brought into the dungeon, they were subjected to trials unlike any they had experienced before. From the beginning, the Babylonians had persuaded them to do as they did. Now, they were instructed to serve in the royal service. However, this instruction would reveal aspects that would be a challenge to their faith.

10 The first ordeal that came upon them seemed to be a miracle. The king commanded that Daniel and the other young women should eat of the king’s meals. Some of these foods were unclean according to the Law of Moses. (Dan. 1:5, 8) The young women could not eat these foods unless they brought them to the king’s table; otherwise they would have been accused of adultery and deprived of their liberty.

9. What challenges did Daniel and the other Hebrew youths face?

10. What was the first challenge faced by the Hebrew virgins?

They say they can’t do what they want. Or they say that if they eat these things, the king will be angry with them or talk to them. What do they do?

11 Of all the Hebrew young men who were chosen to take up the office, only Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego are described in the Bible as being faithful to Jehovah. These four friends helped each other to overcome difficulties and remain faithful to Jehovah. All four men vowed not to eat the king’s food, thereby breaking Jehovah’s law. And Jehovah saved them because of this.—Dan. 1:6-12, 17.

12 As a young person, have your friends sometimes encouraged you to do the wrong thing? Daniel and his friends helped each other to do the right thing. Like them, befriend people who are determined to be faithful to Jehovah and reject the ways of the world. (1 John 2:15-17) True friends will help you to be faithful in even “little things,” and that will help Jehovah to guide and strengthen you. (Luke 16:10) And being faithful in small things will help you to be faithful in bigger challenges.

YOU WILL NEVER KNOW WHAT YOU WILL DO WITH YOUR LIFE IF YOU DON’T KNOW WHAT YOU WILL DO WITH YOUR LIFE.

13 True friends help each other to overcome difficult situations. Consider a difficult situation faced by Daniel and his friends when King Nebuchadnezzar had a difficult decision to make. The king wanted to know what the king’s decision was. So he sent for them to be brought before him.

11. What shows that Daniel had good friends? (See also the picture in the box.)

12. What will help young people to be faithful when trials come?

13. What difficulties did Daniel and his friends face?

20 TABLET

Daniel and his friends were among the wise men who were to be put to death. In this difficult time, Daniel and his friends helped each other.

14 Daniel begged the king to give him time so that he might come to the king and explain the matter to him. Then Daniel went to the wise men. The record says: “And he implored them to pray to the God of life that he would have mercy on them concerning this matter, lest Daniel and his companions should perish.” (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah heard their prayers and revealed the matter and its interpretation to Daniel. Therefore, Daniel and the wise men were not put to death, and the king sent them warnings in his royal chamber.—Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

14. How did the Hebrew virgins help each other? (See also figure.)

15 There are lessons to be learned from this story. First, when you are in trouble, don’t say you’re alone. Don’t let fear or reluctance make you hesitate to ask for help. Second, encourage others to pray for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Be confident that these prayers will work. Jehovah, the “Advocate,” will help you cope with any problem, however difficult it may be. (Ps. 65:2; Eph.

XƆLƆ̃ VAVÃ SI ATE ŊU AKPE ÐE MÍA ŊU LE NƆNƆME ÐE SIA ÐE ME

16 Jehovah is a true Friend who helps us in every situation, even when we seem to be failing. When Daniel was about 90 and a half years old, the Medes and Persians had conquered Babylon and Daniel was serving under the reign of King Darius.

15. What lessons can we learn from the story of Daniel and the wise men? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What great tribulation came upon Daniel in his youth?

How did Daniel’s friends help him overcome a difficult situation? (See Figure 14.)

God Never Forsakes His Beloved (See Figure 18)

In Daniel’s case, they planned to kill him. The king had issued a decree that no one should pray to any god except the king. Daniel did not obey the decree, and was thrown into the dungeon. It seems that he was alone, because no man came to his aid. But was he alone?—Dan. 6:4-16.

17 Daniel 6:19-23 describes Daniel’s miraculous deliverance. (Read.) While Daniel was in the dungeon, Jehovah God, the strongest Lover a man could have, delivered him from the dungeon. When the king came to the dungeon, Daniel said to the king: “My God has sent his servant to deliver you from the dungeon,... because I have found no fault in him.” (Dan. 6:22) Daniel responded fully to his most precious love for Jehovah, and it strengthened him when his life was at stake.

18 Some circumstances may cause you to feel isolated from your friends and family.

17. According to Daniel 6:19-23, how does the friendship between Daniel and Jehovah benefit us?

18. Why is it important for us to be Jehovah’s friends, and how can we do so? (See the pictures and the box entitled “Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend.”)

It may be that you have been assigned to serve in a certain area, that you have to move from one place to another, that you have been broken up or separated from your family, or that you have been imprisoned. In these circumstances, you may feel that you have fallen away. If this happens, remember that God never abandons His servants. Wherever we may be, Jehovah will look after us. (Ps. 139:7-10) So be confident that Jehovah’s eye is on you and He will take care of you.

MÍANYE XƆLƆ̃WO TEGBEE

19 It is important to have good friends now. Why? It helps us to know that “the day of the Lord” is at hand. It encourages us even as we approach it. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11.) After the apostle Peter said that “the end of all things is at hand,” he added: “Therefore, love one another fervently.”—1 Pet.

20 Good friends are a gift from Jehovah, and we need them right now.

19. Why do we need good friends now? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

20. What kind of friends do you want to have, and how will it benefit you to have good friends?

22 CONTACTS

So, like Daniel, make good friends. Ask people in your congregation like Jeremiah who can encourage and comfort you. Talk to people who will help you to remain faithful to Jehovah. Give yourself up and ask others to pray for you when you need them. For all these reasons, remember that Jehovah is your dearest Friend. He will never abandon you. (Heb. 13:5) With Jehovah’s help, we and our friends will be able to cope with all the trials that come to us today, and our friendship will last forever.

Daniel and his friends helped each other to overcome difficulties and remain faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend

What can you do if it’s hard for you to see Jehovah as a Father or as someone you can rely on? Try to do the following every day to keep you close to Jehovah.

● Speak to Jehovah: Speak to Jehovah repeatedly; he wants you to speak to him.

● Love Jehovah: To do this, keep reading the Bible. Learn about his characteristics and actions so that you can know him better.

● Be patient: It takes time for two people to grow into close friends. Be confident that Jehovah wants you to have a close relationship with him.

You can read more about this topic in the article “How to Become God’s Friend” on jw.org.

LET HIS WORLD BE YOUR WORLD...

■ when disaster strikes?

■ When hardships come to us?

■ If we move on?

HADZIDZI 161 Wò Lɔlɔ̃nu Wɔwɔ Doa Dzidzɔ Nam

DECEMBER 28, 2026–JANUARY 3, 2027

HADZIDZI 162 My Spiritual Needs

This article will encourage us to meditate on Scripture every day and give us advice on how to do it.

Nɔ Biblu Me Dzrom Gbe Sia Gbe

“They received the word cheerfully, and... they continued to search the Scriptures every day.”—ACTS 17:11.

IN 1905, Jehovah’s Witnesses began publishing a periodical entitled The Watch Tower—A Life-Saving Guide for the Believers, in English. In it, scriptures and revelations from the Zion’s Watch Tower were listed for each day of the year so that Jehovah’s Witnesses could meditate on them every day. Jehovah’s Witnesses used the same periodical every year until 1927, when the scriptures and revelations were listed in the Yearbook.* As a result, every year Jehovah’s Witnesses had more scriptures and revelations in the Watch Tower to meditate on.

2 Since 1986, the organization has been adding daily scriptures to the Daily Study of the Bible. The book is now available in more than 300 languages. In addition, you can access daily scriptures in JW Library®, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY™ (jw.org), and the Watchtower Library by following their instructions.

3 Since I am no longer separate from anyone, it is difficult for some of us to devote ourselves to daily meditation.

* In the editions in which the Yearbook was not printed at the time, the text of each day and a link to the corresponding article were published in the Gbetakpɔxɔ.

1-2. What does Jehovah’s Witnesses do to help their members study the Scriptures daily? What tools are available to help us find the Scriptures today? 3. What can make it difficult for us to study the Scriptures daily, and what will we consider in this article?

24

In this article, we will consider three key questions: What Bible examples encourage us to study the Bible daily? Why is it good to do so? And how can we do it?

NU SI MÍESRƆ̃ TSO BEROIATƆWO

4 This passage illustrates the positive attitude of some of the Jews in Beroea when Paul preached to them. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Bible says that these Beroeans “received the word.” They did not listen to Paul with the intention of finding fault in his words, but “received the word with wholeheartedness.” They compared what Paul told them with what they read in the Scriptures, and this made them convinced that what they were being taught was true. We do the same when we preach at our meetings or conferences. We also use the Bible as a guide when reading. This leads us to believe that what we hear is true.

17:12) But a problem arose. Some Jews from Thessalonica came to Beroea to “persuade and persuade them” to obey Paul’s teachings. (Acts 17:13) However, these new believers were not discouraged. Their daily study of the Scriptures strengthened their faith in the truth, and it undoubtedly helped them to be upright. In the same way, daily study of God’s Word helps us to face life’s challenges.

4. What attitude did the Beroeans show when Paul preached to them? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did each day’s study of the Scriptures benefit the Beroeans?

Bible Examples Show That Jehovah Wants Us to Serve Him Forever

• The Law of Moses required the priests to offer daily sacrifices.—Exodus 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the Law and meditate on it “night and day.”—Josh. 1:8, ESV.

• Jehovah commanded the Israelites to write the Law for themselves and read it daily.—Deuteronomy 17:18-20.

• The Psalm encourages us to delight in God’s law and to read it “morning and evening.”—Ps. 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed three times a day.—Dan. 6:10.

• In the book of Revelation, the great crowd is described as worshipping God “day and night.”—Rev. 7:15.

WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO THE WORLD IN 2012?

6 We meditate on the Bible daily because it keeps our attention focused on Jehovah and how to serve him. Because Jehovah is our God, he wants us to serve him daily. He loves us and wants us to have eternal life. (John 3:16) There are many examples in the Bible of how he is encouraged by our daily service.

6. Why Should We Study the Bible Every Day? (See the box entitled “Bible Examples That Show Jehovah Wants Us to Serve Him Every Day.”)

OCTOBER 2026 25

The daily Bible study also gives them the opportunity to pray, read the Bible, and meditate on it.

7 We study the Bible every day because it is the best way to use our time. (Read Ephesians 5:15, 16.) Consider this: Isn’t it a great way to use our time to spend a few minutes studying the way our loving Father, Jehovah, views things?

8 We study the Bible daily because it helps us deal with our daily problems. Jesus said that “every day brings its own trouble.” (Matt. 6:34) As Jesus said, we face problems every day. However, Jesus also assured us that Jehovah knows our circumstances and needs. (Matt. 6:25-32) Studying the Bible helps us to shift our focus from our problems and to focus on the help that Jehovah provides. (Ps. 68:19; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7) For example, a young sister was feeling guilty about a sin she had committed in the past, and it seemed to her that Jehovah would not forgive her. She prayed to Jehovah that he would continue to forgive her. She read the scripture of the day, Psalm 86:5. It said: “O Jehovah, you are good and willing to forgive, and your mercy extends to all who call on you.” The sister said: “My heart immediately moved and I thanked Jehovah for giving me relief in the time of need. What happened that day encouraged me to meditate on the scripture of the day every day.”

7-8. What other reasons are there for daily Bible study? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

3:5, 6) For example, at the beginning of the Russian-Ukrainian war, we were reminded every day of Isaiah 30:15, which says: “You will be strengthened if you put your trust in me.” This verse has been of great help to our brothers and sisters in Ukraine. For example, a young brother named Eduard says: “This verse has been of great help to us. My wife and I read it this evening. Sister Svetlana said: “Isaiah 30:15 became very important to us. Whenever there was a sermon in our neighborhood, we would look at the scripture and meditate on it.”

10 We study the Bible daily because it strengthens our commitment to do good. We need to have the courage to stand up for our friends and co-workers, to share the Bible message with people, and to be steadfast when they follow us. When Jehovah appointed Joshua to lead the people of Israel, he told him three times to be steadfast and to be able to endure. To enable Joshua to do this, Jehovah told him to read the Book every day. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) Studying the Scriptures and reading the Bible every day helps us to maintain our steadfastness and to continue to do good.

9. How has this verse helped our brothers and sisters in Ukraine?

10. Why do we need courage, and what can we do to increase it? (Joshua 1:6-9) (See also the pictures.)

26 CONTACTS

Each study of the Bible strengthens our courage (See picture 10)

(1 Tim. 4:12, 15) By studying the Bible daily, we have the opportunity to reflect on what we need to do to advance in the service of Jehovah. This will help us to be guided by his spirit and to be motivated to do what is right in his sight.—Rom. 8:5, 6.

12 We study the Bible every day because it prepares us to take on responsibilities in the future. We need young brothers and sisters who are dedicated to the faith to help with the many ongoing tasks of Jehovah’s organization. For example, we need teachers and missionaries, brothers who serve at Bethel and interpreters, and brothers who give thanks to the elders. We need young men who are willing to serve as ministers, elders, and branch officers. Jehovah wants leaders who are trustworthy and who understand and follow Bible principles. (Deuteronomy 1:13-15) Making a routine of daily Bible study will help you understand Bible principles and prepare you to take on responsibilities.

WHY ARE THE WORDS IN THE ScriptURE SO IMPORTANT?

13 How can you meditate on the day’s scripture? Bethel families around the world begin the day with a short prayer, followed by a meditation on the day’s scripture. You can also begin your meditation with a short prayer asking Jehovah to help you listen.

11. How will daily Bible study help us to advance in serving Jehovah?

12. What roles should young people play in the organization, and what should we do to prepare them for those roles?

13. How can you immerse yourself in each day’s Scripture?

OCTOBER 2026 27

What will help you to keep your thoughts clear as you meditate on the scripture each day? (See picture 18.)

(James 1:5) Then read the scripture and its explanation. Afterwards, ask yourself these questions: ‘Will this scripture strengthen my faith? What does it teach me about Jehovah that will help me to trust him more? How will it help me to cope with the problems I may face today?’ When you and your fellow brothers or sisters study the scripture for the day, you can discuss it and encourage each other. (Rom. 1:12) Some brothers and sisters write down what they have studied so that it is easier for them to reflect on it throughout the day.

14 What else can you do to make your daily meditation more beneficial? You may want to try these strategies: (1) Write down and meditate on the key words in the Bible verses that accompany the chapter. (2) Read the short verses in the verses. (3) Read the entire Bible verse that accompanies the day’s verse. (4) Read the contents of the Bible Verses for Jehovah’s Witnesses. (5) Read other verses in the Bible verses.

If you are using a computer, you can return to the study by clicking on the link in the top right corner of the page.

15 A 19-year-old sister named Mackenzie said of her Bible meditation: “When I take a few minutes, maybe five, to read the scriptures and meditate on the revelations, I can easily recall what I studied.”

16 When Should You Study the Bible? Choose the right time. For example, some people study the Bible before or after dinner, while others study the Bible before they take their children to school. Put the Bible Study Book on the table or in front of them so that they don’t get distracted. However, if a situation suddenly arises, it may be necessary to reschedule the study for a different time during the day.

17 I request that you set aside time for the following items:

* You can also find the issue number of the magazine, the month it was issued, and the pages and sub-pages from which the article was taken.

16. When is it necessary for you to study the Bible?

17-18. Why is it good to set aside time for Bible study, and what will help you to do so every day? (See also the pictures.)

14-15. What else can we do, and what will help us to remember the day of tribulation?

28 TABLET

Sister Sierra, 25, said: “The first thing I do when I wake up is to study the Bible before making the day’s decisions.” Sister Rogelio, 21, said: “I use my phone as a reminder to do it every day.”

18 Make a schedule for your daily Bible study, and try to do it at the time you set for it. Follow your intuition. Sister Isabelle, 19, says: “Please make a commitment not to do anything else or use the phone until you have studied the Bible. If you notice that other things take your attention while you study the Bible on the phone, use the Bible to do them before you turn off your phone.” Sister Olivia, 19, says: “It helps me to do my daily Bible study with my family or friends. If someone reminds you of it or you and I do it together, it’s easier to do it every day.”

WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS FOR THE APPLICATION OF THE REGULATIONS?

19 Parents, if you make sure that your family meditates on the scripture of the day every day, it will be easier for your children to do the same when they grow up. Even if your children are young and may not understand the meaning of the day’s reading, your daily meditation will help them in the future. Just as small seeds grow into larger seeds when they are washed in water, so your children will grow spiritually if you take a few minutes to meditate on the scripture of the day with them every day.—Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: “Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of Jehovah.” (Matt. 4:4) We do not want any day to be a day of eating. But how important it is to set aside a day to study the Bible, because it is the spiritual food that nourishes our lives!

19. Why is it important for parents to help their children study the Bible daily? Consider his example. (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20. How important is spiritual nourishment?

ALEKE NÀÐO WO ŊUI?

■ What are the reasons why we should meditate on the Scripture of the day every day?

■ How can we study the Bible in a beneficial way?

■ What suggestions are given in this article to help you study the Bible daily?

HADZIDZI 94

Believe in God’s Word

How to Behave in a Stressful Situation

After studying the Bible with Jehovah’s Witnesses, how can you be sure that you share “the same faith,” or the same way God wants us to serve him? (Eph. 4:4-6) Does the love that exists among Jehovah’s people make you want to associate with them? Or do they encourage you to live a good life? Many people want to associate with God’s people because they find love and harmony among them. This is not surprising, since love and a good life are the hallmarks of true Christians.—John 13:35; 1 Pet. 2:12.

What if a brother is not kind to you or does not treat you well? Or what if a brother does something offensive like the man in Corinth did? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you are convinced of these things only by what people say and do, your faith is not weak. On what should you base your faith to make it strong?

NU SI DZI WÒLE BE NÀTU WÒ XƆSE ÐO

Your faith is strengthened by applying the truths you learn from the Bible. How will that help you? Consider the following example.

One day, Jesus was followed by many of his disciples. When Jesus said that they would not eat his flesh and drink his blood, they were so shocked that they decided not to follow him. They said: “How hard is this to say!”—John 6:56-60, 66.

After that, Jesus asked his apostles: “Do you also want to go away?” Peter answered: “Lord, from whom shall we go away? You have the words of eternal life. We have received it, and we know that you are the Spirit of God.”—John 6:67-69.

Why did the words of Jesus not shock Peter and the other apostles? It seems that they believed on the basis of something they knew, not on the basis of what someone said. Peter said, “We have heard and we know that you are the Christ, the Son of the living God.” These believers knew what they believed and why they believed it. By comparing Jesus’ actions and words with what they learned from the Scriptures, they were fully convinced that Jesus was the Messiah. By accepting this fundamental truth, they had faith and therefore the words of Jesus did not shock them as they did others.

What can we learn from this incident? If we know the Bible’s truth, it will help us not to give up our service to Jehovah even if a brother or sister makes a bad impression on us. Why? The Bible’s truths, such as God’s name, purpose, and sacrifice, never change. People’s words or actions may affect us, but they cannot change the Bible’s truth in any way. Therefore, if we accept the Bible’s teachings and follow them, we will never be disappointed.

30 BOOKMARKS

Even though Jehovah’s organization teaches us the truth, let no one’s actions deter us from serving Jehovah.

It is true that we are encouraged by the love we have among ourselves and by the good character of our brothers and sisters. But even if the behavior of a brother or sister disappoints us, we must continue to rely on what we have learned from the Bible. This will not only strengthen our faith, but will also help us to be confident that we are in the right spirit, something that some individuals do not.

As we read and study the Bible, we will be strengthened in our belief in the truth of God’s Word. We will also be confident that we are serving God in the right way. All of these things will help us to keep our faith firm, regardless of what people say or do.—Ps. 16:8; see the box entitled “Be Strong in Faith.”

If it is only the actions and words of people that convince you that this is true, then your faith is weak.

Yi Edzi Nànɔ Agbemɔa Dzi

Suppose you are on a plane and you are traveling on a regular route to a specific destination. Various factors can make the journey more enjoyable, especially if you are considering traveling to a strange place.

But while you are in the bus, some people are shouting and yelling or even the bus driver isn’t talking to you well. This can make you feel very depressed. But this bus is only going to take you to where you are. So stay calm.

In this way, we are all walking into God’s new world. And we are glad that we are in His obedience. But sometimes, the behavior of our brothers may influence us, or one of whom we depend may do something bad that affects us. But no matter what someone does, it is this obedience that will lead us into God’s new world. So if we accept the truth of the Bible and obey the obedience that teaches us these truths, our faith will be strengthened and we will remain on this path.

OCTOBER 2026

31

BOOKLET FOR JEHOVAH’S WITNESSES

October 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 11 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

1926—Year of the Great Depression in Asia | 2

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati Hena December 7-13 | 6 Đee Fia Be Yenye Akpedala

Study Notes December 14-20 | 12 Support Jehovah’s Witnesses in Your Life

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati Hena December 21-27 | 18 Friends Help Us Stay Healthy

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati Hena December 28–January 3 | 24 Nɔ Biblu Me Dzrom Gbe Sia Gbe

Tu Wò Xɔse Đe Nu Si Li Ke Sesĩe La Dzi | 30

NUTEŊEKPƆKPƆ

Jehovah Rewards Us When We Show Compassion

A sister named Emma worked eight hours a day for three days a week. She asked the head nurse for a day off so she could attend a major conference. The head nurse refused, but instead told her to leave that day, work five days a week, and if she didn’t, she would have to stop working. Emma was confident that Jehovah would be with her, so she urged her to stop working so she could attend the conference.

Emma wrote a letter to resign. After giving the letter to the superintendent, she went to the office manager. The manager heard about the situation, and promised Emma that he would do something about it. However, two weeks later, the superintendent found Emma at work. Unfortunately, Emma returned to the office manager again. The manager was upset at the way the superintendent found Emma at work. The manager resolved the issue and arranged for Emma to work four hours a day for five days a week. This new assignment made Emma feel better, because she would have more time to devote to the ministry! Jehovah met his needs even more than he had expected.

It is part of a worldwide Bible study program supported by voluntary donations. If you would like to contribute, please visit donate.jw.org.

The passages quoted in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website, or scan this badge

JW.ORG

w26.10-EW