AUGUST 2026

HYƐƆMI MƆ

LOOKING AT JEHOVAH’S WORDS

WHAT TO SAY:

OCTOBER 5-NOVEMBER 1, 2026

OCTOBER 5-11, 2026

LA 55 Nyɛ Ko Ye Mɛ Gbeye!

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

Don’t let Satan deceive you into giving up your trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

Believe in Jehovah and Jesus, and You Will Not Be Suffered by Satan

“Be merciful toward Absalom, and he will be merciful toward you.”—JACK 4:7.

WHEN we make the decision to serve Jehovah, Satan and his demons are very upset. So he hopes to cause us to depart from serving Jehovah. Satan knows that if we continue to serve Jehovah, he will be able to help us and win us over. So Satan hopes to cause us to depart from serving Jehovah so that he will not be able to help us. One way he does this is to make us think that Jehovah and his Son are speaking to us.—2 Cor. 11:14; James 1:6.

2 When the table is empty, it is difficult to put one’s will on the makers. When one’s will is on the makers, one will do what one wants, and one’s life will be ruined. In a way, we too are a table, and we carry “the sins of the world” in our hands. (Eph. 6:12) Satan knows that if we keep our will on Jehovah God and Jesus Christ, we will also obey them. Therefore, he does everything in his power to keep us from having our will on them. In this chapter, we will consider the ways in which Satan used to undermine faith in Jehovah in the past, and the ways in which he continues to do so today. We will also look at how we can overcome Satan’s attempts.

1. In what ways does Satan try to deter us from serving Jehovah?

2. Why is it so important to have a steadfast faith in Jehovah and Jesus?

2

In the next section, we will consider two other tricks Satan uses to make us lose our alignment with Jehovah.*

SATAN ALSO USES THE NAME JEHOVAH AND JESUS

3 Just after Jehovah created Adam and Eve, Satan wanted Adam and Eve to rebel against Jehovah. So he asked Eve: “Did God really say, ‘You shall not eat of any of the trees of the garden’?” (Genesis 3:1-5) Satan wanted Eve to think that her Creator had given her and her husband all the good things they needed. But that was sin, and Eve accepted Satan’s sin. The result was that Adam and Eve disobeyed Jehovah, who had given them all the good things, and they turned away from Satan the Devil.—Genesis 3:6.

4 After the fall of Adam and Eve, Satan continued to speak evil against Jehovah. For example, Satan sent three men to speak evil against Job. Satan wanted Job to think that Jehovah had listened to him, and that if Job had listened, he would have been faithful to Jehovah, not to Jehovah. (Job 22:1-3) Absalom thought that if he brought trouble on Job, he would not have listened to Jehovah. Although Satan did bring trouble on Job, Job remained faithful to Jehovah and to his father.—Job 27:1, 5.

5 And it came to pass, when Jesus was come into the temple, that Satan entered into him.

2:12; 1 John 5:19. * Let Satan use all the troubles that we are experiencing to bring us down. But he uses the minds of those who serve Jehovah, and he does his work so that he may bring them down in the fear of God. Therefore, when Satan attacks us, he attacks us, we know that he and he survives all the troubles that we are experiencing in serving Jehovah, because he is in peace with us.—1 Cor.

3. In what way did Satan weaken Eve’s faith in Jehovah?

4. What did Satan want Job to do to Jehovah?

5. What did Satan do to get people to follow Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

One way he did this was to cause the Jewish leaders and some of Jesus’ followers to speak evil of him, and ultimately to accuse him and kill him as a traitor.—Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus’ death, Satan hoped to mislead Jesus’ followers. Indeed, because Satan believed that those who believed in Jesus were loved by God, he arranged for some of Jesus’ followers to steal Jesus’ tomb. (Matt. 28:11-15) Satan then caused the magistrates and rulers of the city to intimidate Jesus’ followers. Satan thought that this would cause them to die so that they would not be able to carry out the work Jesus had commanded them to do.—Luke 7:57–8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

7 While Christians may have lost their hearts and turned away from worship, Jesus’ followers remained true to the truth and turned away from worship. It is said that Satan and his demons were seeking to turn them away from worship. (Acts 4:18-20; 1 Pet 5:8) Today, what means does Satan use to turn us away from serving Jehovah? Let’s see.

SATAN’S USE OF THE WORLD TO DISTURB JEHOVAH AND JESUS

8 Today, Satan uses the titles he uses in his work to mislead people into knowing the truth about Jehovah and Jesus. Since Satan is “the devil he has called,” he uses devils to spread falsehoods about Jehovah and Jesus. (John 8:44) He makes people believe that Jehovah and Jesus are the true God and Savior. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) For example, some devils teach people that they must worship Jehovah and Jesus.

6-7. What did Satan do to deceive Jesus’ followers?

8. In what ways did Satan use false prophets to deceive Jehovah and Jesus?

AUGUST 2026 3

Those in Satan’s clutches hope to make us think that Jehovah’s laws govern what is right and what is wrong.

(Figure 11)

4:10; John 4:23) This is a very good teaching for all of them. Therefore, when we teach them the truth, they reject us, and at times, they even throw stones at our teaching work.

9 One of the most important things you can do to help others is to know their name. The Bible tells us that if we know Jehovah’s name and put our trust in him, he will protect us. (Proverbs 18:10) But Satan seduces those who know Jehovah’s name to use it to his advantage. This is a terrible trick that Satan uses to mislead those who do not know Jehovah’s name. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) For example, he causes Bible scholars to use God’s name in the Bibles they translate. Therefore, all men fear God, and they think that God will be at peace with them. (James 4:8) Satan also hopes to cause those who serve Jehovah to cease serving him.

10 When we are in trouble, Satan wants to

9. What does Satan use false prophets to do to make people not know the name of Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

10. What can cause a Christian to hate Jehovah?

4 BUSINESS

(Proverbs 19:3) If we are afraid of Jehovah, we may think: ‘If Jehovah would help me, why should I do what he does not want me to do?’ Consider that this may lead us to do what Satan wants us to do.

11 Satan tries to make us ignore Jehovah’s laws. One of the ways he does this is through the Internet. For example, people express their opinions on social media, assuming that the Bible’s laws will stand. So, everyone can do what they want. Because Satan is “the king of the world,” he causes people to see good as good, and bad as bad.—John 14:30; Isaiah 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1, 2.

12 When we listen to what people are saying on social media, it can lead us to think that what Jehovah is saying is true. A brother named Shannon* says: “It’s hard not to realize that what I’m learning at school and what I’m doing is influencing my thoughts in a positive way. I’m inspired by what Jehovah is saying. I often listen to what people are saying on social media. That makes me want to do what they are doing. However, I am pleased with Jehovah, and I am also glad when I am among my brothers and sisters in the congregation.” Later, Shannon decided to return to Jehovah, and Satan refused to let him have his way. But what did Satan tell him?

* Name changed.

11. What are some of the methods Satan uses today to make us disobey Jehovah’s laws? (See also the audio.)

12. Why should we respect the opinions of others about ourselves and ourselves?

13 Shannon says that it was important for her to be hopeful so that she could continue to have good friends with Jehovah and Jesus. “I prayed to Jehovah to help me have good friends,” she says, “and then I studied the congregation’s publications. The video, Young People Ask—How Can I Make Real Friends?, helped me a lot.* The brother in the video addressed the problems I encountered at the meeting. He was determined and asked his parents for help. So I hoped to learn from his example. Therefore, I asked my parents, elders, and other brothers and sisters in the congregation to help me improve my relationship with Jehovah. I realized that if I wanted to serve him faithfully, I needed not only to attend church meetings with my parents, but also to have a good relationship with Jehovah and to be confident that what I was learning in the Bible was true.”

HOW DO I KNOW THAT JEHOVAH AND JESUS LOVE ME?

14 If we are to continue to be in fellowship with Jehovah, let us be with those who love him. (James 4:4) Therefore, we should be careful with what we read or listen to on the Internet. For example, if we hear something that is true or half-true, it will not convince us forever. But if we study the Bible and the other books of the church, and if we associate regularly with Christians who live by faith, no one will be able to deceive us.

* Visit jw.org and the JW Library for more resources that can help young people and adults develop closer relationships with Jehovah and others.

13. What did you learn from Shannon’s simulation?

14. What can we do to keep Satan from undermining our fellowship with God? (See also the picture.)

AUGUST 2026 | 5

FREE BIBLE COURSE

As we maintain a close relationship with Jehovah and meditate on his commandments, we will be able to resist Satan’s temptations (Paragraph 14).

When we know the truth, it will be easier for us to avoid evil, and we will not allow Satan to undermine our faith in Jehovah.—Proverbs 13:20; Leviticus 17:11.

15 As we study the Bible and get to know Jehovah and Jesus better, we will be assured that they truly love us and want us to be happy. (Proverbs 22:19) As we learn more about the ways in which Jehovah and Jesus care for us, we will see them as good people, and we will not be afraid to trust them. The Bible is full of examples of how deeply Jehovah and Jesus love us. For example, Jehovah says that his love for his children is stronger than the love a father has for his children. (Isa. 49:15) He sees those who love his name as “doing good.” (Mal. 3:16, 17) The Bible tells us that Jesus loved us so much that he died for us.—John 15:12, 13.

16 As we consider how Jehovah spoke to Jesus,

15. What can we do to be confident that Jehovah and Jesus love us and want us to be happy?

16. When we consider what Jehovah has done for us and our ancestors, how can we fail? (Psalm 118:5, 6)

6 BUSINESS

(Proverbs 22:17) By doing so, we can be confident that Jehovah and Jesus will help us overcome any difficulty we may face. —Read Proverbs 118:5, 6.

17 We all want to continue to have peace with Jehovah and Jesus. But Satan and his demons will continue to try to weaken our relationship with them. May Jehovah destroy Satan and his demons before all these things happen. (Rev. 20:1-3, 10) But if we cannot resist Satan’s temptations, let us keep our relationship with Jehovah strong, and let us have the certainty that Jehovah and his Son Jesus love us and care for us. If we do so, Jesus’ word will be true in our lives. He said, “No one can see [me] in the Father.”—Read John 10:29; James 4:7.

18 In the next chapter, we will see two ways in which Satan seeks to break the bond between us and Jehovah. One way is to break the good bond between us and our brethren. Another way is to make people believe in him. We will see how we can avoid these two ways in which Satan seeks to break the bond between us and Jehovah so that we may remain faithful to him.

17. According to John 10:29, what will Jesus give to all who come to be with Him and His Father?

18. What will we focus on in the next lesson?

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

■ What false accusations did Satan use against Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ What false claims does Satan make about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ What makes you sure that Jehovah and Jesus love you and want to help you?

CHAPTER 150 Jehovah Se Blɔ Konɛ E He O Yi Wami

OCTOBER 12-18, 2026

Let Satan and His Daemons Go!

“We are not clothed with flesh and blood, but with... the abominations of the world.”—EPHESIANS 6:12.

LA 129 Wa Ma Fĩ Si Daa

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

However, I know that the true Christians and the faithful are in the house, but not the sinners.

(Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) But the Bible speaks of one battle that we must all fight, and that is the battle against Satan and his demons. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) How can we overcome these temptations? It is important to rely on Jehovah’s help and support. But we must also resist the tricks Satan and his demons use to deceive us and our brethren.

2 In the previous chapter, we learned how Satan tries to weaken our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this chapter, we will consider two other ways in which Satan tries to divert us from serving Jehovah. First, he tries to weaken the bond between us and our brothers and sisters. In other words, he tries to make us feel guilty so that he can make us fear or make us feel uncomfortable.

SATAN WANTS TO OCCUPATE US

3 For Satan hath entered into us, to stir up enmity between us and the brethren, that we should serve our brethren, and not ourselves. By what means doth he this?

1. Are all Jehovah’s servants in the same boat? (Ephesians 6:11, 12)

2. What will we focus on in this lesson?

3. In what ways does Satan try to deceive us?

8

Saul hated David because of his faith in the Lord, but Jonathan hated David because of his faith in the Lord.

(Figures 4, 6)

All those who are in Satan’s grasp show their love by revealing their sins, and most of all, by confessing their sins. Satan wants these little things to influence us. He wants us to speak evil of our brothers and sisters and of Jehovah’s church, and he wants us to hate our brothers and sisters.—Rom. 16:17.

⁴ As an example, consider the reason why King Saul hated David. First, Saul loved David very much, and he liked him, because David was a servant and a man of trust. (1 Sam. 18:5) But when Saul saw that all the people liked David more than him, Saul hated David more than he liked him. Therefore, Saul was more determined to kill David. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) When Saul killed David, Satan was very happy. Why? Because the Lord told the prophet Samuel to go and seek David to be king over Israel. (1 Sam. 16:13) If this was the will of the Lord, Satan would be very happy. When Saul hated David, Jehovah’s chosen king, and was looking for a way to kill him, Satan apparently enjoyed what Saul was doing.

⁵ Satan knows that because of the love and fellowship that exists between us, Jehovah is the one who cares for us. (Ps. 133:1) Therefore, he wants us to hate our enemies as Saul hated David, so that he can destroy the love and fellowship that exists between us. Satan also knows that if we hate our enemies, it will be harder for us to love them. (Mark. 12:30, 31) If we love our enemies, Jehovah will also rejoice in our commitment to him. Jacob describes the fruit of the love and fellowship that he has in us.—Read James 3:14-16.

6 If we love our brethren, we are their friends. But if we hate them, we are their enemies.

4. Why did King Saul hate David so much that he wanted to kill him? (See also the picture.)

5. Why does the devil want us to be angry with our brothers? (James 3:14-16)

6. What do you learn from the example of Jonathan? (See also the picture.)

AUGUST 2026 9

Consider what Jonathan, Saul’s son, did. Jonathan hated David as much as he hated Saul. However, he strengthened David’s confidence that Jehovah would grant him the kingship. Jonathan said to David, “You shall be king over Israel.” Jonathan took his time and agreed that Jehovah wanted David to grant Saul the kingship. So he encouraged David.—1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

7 There is also a trick that Satan hopes to use to divide us. Jehovah’s servants live in different worlds. We have different times, and each one enjoys it. Therefore, Satan wants us to depend on these things so that we think we can be at peace with one another. He wants us to be at peace with one another so that we can console and console one another. What can you do to prevent Satan from bringing discord between us? If there is a dispute between you and your brother, do not allow your dispute to become a cause of discord between you. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Increase your love for your brothers and sisters. Remember that Jehovah sees all of us as sinners. Therefore, we all love one another as the things of the flesh love one another. (1 Cor. 12:12) All of our brothers and sisters should be united in the battle against Satan and his demons.—1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 If a brother does or tells you to do something wrong, be sure that you do or tell him to do the same. If we let our brothers and sisters be involved in the service of Jehovah, it is possible that they will not be offended as we are. (Phil. 7:20) If this happens, it is necessary for us to rectify the situation.

7. What can we do to prevent Satan from destroying our unity? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. What should we do if a Christian brother or sister does or says something that offends us?

(Col. 3:12-14) We want our brothers and sisters to be united in love, because that is what Jehovah and Jesus want us to be.—John 17:20, 21.

SATAN DOES NOT WANT US TO BE HAPPY

9 One of the tricks Satan uses to trick us into believing is to make people believe in us. The Apostle Paul warns us that all true Christians must live by believing. (2 Tim. 3:12) Believing depends on believing. If people believe in us, then we will devote ourselves to doing what we can to make them believe in us. If we do so, we will be freed from the temptation and will be able to concentrate on important things, such as spreading the good news of the Kingdom.—Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Consider the example of Isaac, Abraham’s son. Isaac became rich and had many sheep. The Philistines attacked him and killed all the sheep that he had called Abraham’s servants to pick. (Genesis 26:12-18) Isaac and his family and his sheep were in great trouble. Therefore, Isaac went to hunt with the Philistines, and he picked some sheep. But when the sheep were picked, the Philistines attacked them. This did not please Isaac very much. But Isaac decided to let the shepherds and the Philistines get away. Therefore, it was necessary for him to go to a good place, and Jehovah blessed him there as well. This means that Isaac was a man of repentance. (Genesis 26:19-25) If you are a man of repentance, find a way to put your heart to rest, and be a man of repentance as Isaac was.

9. What else does Satan do to deceive us?

10. When the Philistines attacked Isaac, what did he do?

10 BUSINESS

#WE WANT CHANGE

STOP

SERVE THE PEOPLE

Will You Continue to Love Jehovah and His Kingdom? (Page 13)

11 When Jesus came to earth as the Messiah, people looked down on him. For example, when he began his ministry, some of his followers said that he was sick. (Mark. 3:21) However, the magistrates planned to arrest him so that he would not teach the people about God. (Luke 11:15, 16) One of his disciples told him that way. (Matt. 26:14-16) The priests and elders conspired to put Jesus to death as a prisoner. (Mark. 15:1, 13-15) Although all people denied Jesus, he continued to do the work that Jehovah had entrusted to him. (Luke 22:50, 51) During all these trials, Jesus did one thing that showed that he wanted to be judged. Instead, he focused his mind on the important work that Jehovah had entrusted to him. (Luke 22:50, 51) During all these trials, Jesus did one thing that showed that he wanted to be judged. Instead, he focused his mind on the important work that Jehovah had entrusted to him. (Luke 22:50, 51) During all these trials, Jesus did one thing that showed that he wanted to be judged. Instead, he focused his mind on the important work that Jehovah had entrusted to him. (Luke 22:50, 51) During all these trials, Jesus did one thing that showed that he wanted to be judged. Instead, he focused his mind on the important work that Jehovah had entrusted to him. (Luke 22:50, 51) During all these trials, Jesus did one thing that showed that he wanted to be judged. Instead, he focused his mind on the important work that Jehovah had entrusted to him. (Luke 22:50, 51) During all these trials, Jesus did one thing that showed that he wanted to be judged. (Luke 22:50, 51) During all these trials, Jesus did one thing that showed that he wanted to be judged. Instead, he focused his mind on the important work that Jehovah had entrusted to him.

12 Just as Jesus did, we must face difficulties that we cannot afford. Satan hopes to keep us from hearing the good news. We may be hated or loved by our brothers and sisters. But Jesus commands us to love those we ought to be loved. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) This means that we ought to be loved or loved by those who ought to be loved. Instead, we use this gift of Jesus and hope to show warmth and gentleness to those we ought to be loved, by giving them our hearts.—1 Cor. 13:4.

13 If our senses dictate to us a law that we should not live according to, or that we should not worship Jehovah, we should open our hearts to them. Why? For

11. How did Jesus deal with all the trials He faced?

12. In the light of Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we live with those who are to come after us?

13. Why is it necessary for us to expose ourselves to the evils of the world? (See also the picture.)

AUGUST 2026 | 11

If we love our brothers and sisters, we will be able to resist Satan and his demons (Paragraph 16)

Jehovah wants us to do that. (Rom. 13:1, 2) Let Satan throw away all the laws that the world imposes. But if the world imposes a law that it likes, and we are angry that we obey it, Satan will be delighted. Today, when the world imposes a law that people like, it is delighted to impose it. Christians should do that immediately! (Prov. 24:21, 22; Phil.

(1 Tim. 1:12, 13) Therefore, even if “people turn away from [us] and become wicked, and use falsehood,” we should know that they can change and become Jehovah’s servants. (Matt. 5:11) At all times, we should pray to the spirits that they will enable us to serve Jehovah with joy. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) We should also pray for our relatives, those with whom we work, and those who provide for us. Pray that Jehovah will help you to know what you can do to change their minds. But we urge you to take your time! A woman who has been married for 40 years and has become a Witness says: “If we can help people change their minds, we are very, very diligent.”

15 Jehovah knows all the troubles we are going through, and he knows that we need his help. (Psalm 37:18) He also knows that we will be able to overcome all the challenges posed to us in this world of Satan.

14. When others are living in our woes, what should we do?

15. Why should we think that we will be able to carry out the work of redemption entrusted to us?

12 BUSINESS

(Phil. 1:15) However, Jehovah has a plan for us. He promises that his Kingdom will destroy all that Satan and his followers have destroyed. (1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) But to live in the future, we need to put our hearts at rest, show love to everyone, and devote ourselves to helping others to serve Jehovah.

LET’S NOT LET SATAN AND HIS DEMONIES GET OUR WAY!

16 The Bible assures us that we cannot be defeated in the battle against Satan and his demons. (James 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) But before we can do so, it is important that we strengthen our bond with Jehovah and Jesus. (Ephesians 6:16) Therefore, strengthen your bond with Jehovah and Jesus. This bond will encourage you to love your fellow Christians and to be one with them forever.

17 Satan will try to keep us from walking in the light. But we should give him the opportunity to do so. Jehovah and Jesus promised that if we walk in the light, they will help us to walk in the light. Our brothers and sisters will also help us to walk in the light. If they try to keep us in the dark, we should be more confident and follow Jesus’ command to walk in the light. (Luke 6:27, 28) Therefore, continue to resist Satan’s temptations, and be confident that you will be victorious in the battle against Satan and his demons.

16. What will help us to overcome Satan and his demons? (See also the pictures.)

17. What should we ask ourselves to do?

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO?

■ What does Satan do to divide us from our brothers and sisters?

■ What does Satan do to trick us into watching movies?

■ What makes you confident that you can defeat Satan and his demons?

LA 149

Kunimi Yemi La

OCTOBER 19-25, 2026

LA 106 Nyɛ Ha Wa Ná Suɔmi

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

We will see how the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesiphorus were joyful while in the church.

If You Want To Be A Woman, You Must Be A Man

“Let my love be with you.”—FLM. 9.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) Although it is Jehovah who has given us this love, he wants all of us to have hope that we will imitate this love. (Rom. 12:18) How should we live with our brothers and sisters so that we will imitate this love? What else can we do to show our love than if we have offended a brother or sister, or if a brother or sister has done something that hurts us deeply? We find an example of this in a letter that exhorts us to be merciful. The letter is addressed to three individuals: the Apostle Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus.

LETTER OF PAULOS TO PHILEMON

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. In his letter to Philemon, Paul encourages him that if his prisoner Onesimos returns, he should show him kindness. Paul encourages Philemon to do so because of his love for Jesus Christ and the brethren. Philemon was a member of the church at Colosse, and the brethren there knew him to be a man of peace and love. Philemon had a prisoner named Onesimos, who was a Christian. But Onesimos turned away from his master and went to Rome. It may have been that Onesimo sent Philemon some things to hurt him. (Phil. 18; see study note.) While in Rome, Onesimo became acquainted with Paul, and Paul encouraged him to become a Christian. (Col. 4:9) Under the Roman law, if a slave had sinned, he should have returned to his master. Paul therefore allowed him to go to Philemon.—Phil. 12, 13; 1 Cor.

1. What should we all do?

2. What happened between Philemon and Onesimus? (Philemon 8, 9, 17)

14

Look at the study note, “I am sending him back to you.”

3 If Onesimus returns, what shall Philemon do to him? Philemon has the right under the law to send him away. But shall he not? Perhaps Paul would be concerned that if he did so, how would the brethren in the church be treated? Could he bring about reconciliation between enemies and friends? Paul knows that doing so cannot bring about the peace that is in the church. Therefore, he writes a letter to Tychicus, which he sends to Philemon. (Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9; see study note on Colossians 4:7.) Later on, Paul also wrote letters to the brethren in the church at Colosse. Let’s look at what we can learn about Paul, Onesimus, and Philemon from these two letters.

WHY SHOULD WE BE LIKE PAULOS IN HIS SITUATION

4 What can we learn from Paul’s example? The way Paul lived with others caused compassion to flourish in the church. Paul’s example will help us to find ways to show compassion in the church.

5 Paul and Philemon lived as he wished. (Phil. 17) Paul said that he and Philemon could speak as he wished, as if Philemon were the one he had captured. (2 Cor. 1:24) Paul saw Philemon as his brother and fellow worker, and he also recognized him as a man. This was a good example for Philemon in how he should live with Onesimus, who now became a Christian! It is also a good example for all of us, especially the elders of the church. The elders and the brothers saw him as a man who encouraged and encouraged the church. The elders are loving overseers, who act as “brothers” in the body of Christ. (1 Pet. 5:1-3) Instead, they should be faithful to God’s body, respecting it, considering it important, and comforting it in times of need. Like Paul, elders who treat young people as brothers and sisters will be good examples to their brethren, and will encourage harmony in the church.

6 Paul’s Letter to Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5, 7) We are all in trouble. Why? Because every day, we all think that we will succeed. Perhaps we think that we will be praised, or that people will think of us, or that we will have a joyful way of serving. It is not wrong for us to think so. But these thoughts should not cause us to be overly upset, or to feel weak. Perhaps we think that others judge us well, and it should not cause us to do things that would show that we are more successful than others. If this happens, the peace that exists between us and our brethren will be destroyed. But if we listen to others, it will make them feel good. (Proverbs 12:25) It will also make them feel that we love them and value them. Would you not want others to feel that way? If so, use every opportunity you have to listen to others. If they do something good, listen to them. And if you see that they have a chance to do something good, don’t listen to them either. In other words, if you see something good in someone, tell him about it.

7 Paul praises Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) How did Philemon feel when Paul praised Onesimos? It seems that the good things that Paul did for Onesimus were not enough.

3. What were some of the things that Paul feared might happen when Onesimus returned to his brother? (See also the footnote to the letter.)

4-5. What can church elders do to help maintain peace in the church?

6. Why is it so important that we obey others?

7. Why should we be careful about what we say about our brethren? (Philemon 10-12)

AUGUST 2026 15

Think of the good things about your brothers and sisters, and speak positively of them, as Paul did (Paragraph 8)

In the same way, the things we say about our brothers and sisters affect the way others perceive them and how they treat them. If we speak well of a brother or sister, it will make other brothers and sisters feel good about him or her. If we speak badly of a brother or sister, it will make other brothers and sisters feel bad about him or her. But if we can speak well of our brothers and sisters, let us base our judgment on their good qualities. What can help us to do so? Let’s look at what Paul said to the disciples.

1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Paul recognized the weaknesses of the brothers, but he hoped to base his judgment on their good qualities. Therefore, he always praised Jehovah for these men. If it is necessary for you to speak well of the brothers, let the following word guide your judgment: Base your judgment on the good qualities of the brothers, and pray for them continually that Jehovah may bless them. If you do this, it will make it easier for you to speak well of the brothers.

9 Paul was in a state of joy when he wrote the letter to Philemon, and he was in a state of grief. Do you feel that you are in a state of joy, or that you are in a state of grief? If we are in a state of joy, it is better for us to be in a state of grief. But consider the state of joy in which Paul was when he wrote the letter to Philemon. A few hundred years before he wrote the letter, some people seized him, beat him, and then murdered him. Finally, they imprisoned him in Jerusalem and Caesarea. Then they sent him on a ship to Rome, but the ship was damaged on the way, and while he was writing the letter to Philemon, he was imprisoned in his own house in Rome. (Phil. 1) But did not Paul be inspired by these events that he encountered, and he spoke out against Philemon? (Phil. 2) Paul was cheerful when he wrote the letter to Philemon. What can we learn from this story? When we are troubled or grieved or have a hard time, we should find a way to live with our brothers in joy. If we do this, we will have love and mercy for one another. If we have love for one another, we will have mercy for one another.

8. What will help us to have a good judgment about our brothers and sisters, and to speak well of them? (See also the photos.)

9. What was Paul’s motivation for writing the letter to Philemon?

16 BUSINESS

Let it be clear to us that we must obey our fathers.

WHAT WE SHOULD KNOW ABOUT ONESIMO'S PERSON

10 All of us do or think things that please men. But the example of Onesimus teaches us how to deal with our brethren if such a thing should come to pass. He did not think that what he did was evil, but that it was a duty to all of us that we should do it. He accepted his words, and did all that he could to make peace between him and Philemon. Onesimos, knowing that it was against the law of Rome, had to send it back to his master. Therefore, he had permission to send 900 letters to Philemon. 12:11 And he said unto them, If ye be of the people of Israel, and ye be of the house of Jacob, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Benjamin, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye be of the tribe of Judah, and ye

10. What can we learn from the example of Onesimus?

11 If you do or say anything that offends someone, go to him and tell him what you have done. (Matt. 5:23-25) It may be difficult to do this, but it is very important that there be love between you and the other person. Therefore, be wise and tell the other person what you have done. Treat him with kindness and hope that he will forgive you. Acknowledge what you have done. Let him tell you what he has done, and let him tell others about what you have done, or else it will be harder for you to tell each other what you have done, and it will make the matter worse. It takes patience before you can tell the other person what you have done. But this is also a way to be more patient and you can go on and share it with someone else.

WHAT WE CAN LEARN FROM PHILEMON’S EXPERIENCE

12 The example of Philemon teaches us how to be patient when someone offends us. Did Philemon tell Onesimos the truth, and did it make him want to live with him again? The Bible tells us. But Paul was confident that Philemon would do so. (Phil. 17, 21) Paul knew that Philemon had certain qualities that would make it difficult for him to tell Onesimos the truth. What were those qualities?

11. If we have offended someone, what should we do to repair our relationship with them? (See also the photos.)

12. Why was Paul confident that Philemon and Onesimus would listen to him?

Recognize your mistakes, and find a way to forgive them, as Onesimo did (Paragraph 11)

Promote Friendship in the Church by Helping Others in Their Needs, Just as Philemon Did (Paragraph 15)

13 Philemon loved the brethren very much. (Phil. 5) Philemon made use of his name. The root of Philemon’s name is “love.” Philemon was known to have a great deal of love, and this was what motivated him to tell Onesimus’s story to him. When Paul wrote to Philemon’s church at Colosse, he described love as “being kind and tender to one another.” (Read Colossians 3:14.) This implies that love alone is an attribute that can cause compassion and kindness to exist between us. As we continue to show love to our brethren, it is even more important that we keep their words, that we live with them in joy. (1 Cor. 13:4-7) Let us see how this love motivates Philemon to speak.

14 One reason why Philemon’s love for the brethren grew was his generosity. He made the church meet in his house. (Phil. 2) Paul also told Philemon to invite him to his house. This indicates that Paul knew Philemon was very generous. (Phil. 22) Philemon’s generosity must have encouraged the brethren, and he was determined to make them respect him.—Phil. 7.

13. Why is love a prerequisite for obedience? (Colossians 3:14)

14. Why can we say that Philemon was a man of faith?

15 Why is it important for us to show love to our brothers and sisters if we follow Philemon’s example? By doing so, we will get to know them better. By showing love to our brothers and sisters and to those who share their joys with us, we will see that each of Jehovah’s servants has a very special role to play, and that is what makes the church more productive. If we hope to know where they come from, how they came to know the truth, and the way they went through their trials, it will help us to grow in our love for them, and to show them our love. This will help us to understand why Jehovah has chosen them to be his family. (John 6:44) If we show our brothers and sisters our love, we will have the confidence that they will take good decisions, and we will listen to their words.

16 Does it offend you to speak with a stranger? Although we love our brothers and sisters, sometimes it offends us to speak with them. But what does it offend us? Consider this letter:

15. Why should we love our brothers and sisters more than we love ourselves? (See also the photos.)

16. For example, how did Philemon apply Paul’s advice in Colossians 3:13?

18 HYƐƆMI MƆ

Paul’s letter to the church of Philemon in Colosse is found in Colossians 3:13. (Read.) What would Philemon feel when this letter was discussed in his church? Who would judge him? If he was angry with Onesimus, now he seems to know what he should do. He should have pity on Onesimo, and take his words to heart. If you also feel that you should take his words to heart, how will Paul’s letter help you?

17 What does Paul mean when he says, “Be merciful to your enemies”? Paul encourages us to be merciful to our brothers and sisters, and to live with them in peace even when they offend us or do anything that upsets us. In the absence of their father, Paul is giving us an example of what Jehovah will do. Jehovah will not allow his servants to act like wicked people. He knows our weaknesses, but he applies his judgment to the good qualities that we have. (Psalm 103:13, 14; 130:3) Therefore, Jehovah shows his love by testing us, and he is merciful to us. (Acts 3:22, 23) If we hope to see our brothers and sisters as Jehovah sees them, it will be easier for us to sympathize with them when they do wrong. For example, if we see how severe a storm is, it will help us to tolerate it. Similarly, if we use our judgment to recognize the good qualities of our brothers and sisters, it will encourage us to share their words with them, showing our joy in telling them that we are sorry for them.

18 Jehovah is pleased with all that you do for the joy of the church. At all times, consider what you can do to keep the joy of the church between you and the brothers. Continue to speak to the brothers in the joy of the church, and speak well of them. If you offend someone, please do everything you can to restore the peace between you and him. Have love for the brothers, so that it will not be hard for you to listen to their words. If you do these things, it will prove that you have the light to keep the joy of the church. It will also make you think of the happy ones who will “go down to heaven” forever, where “their joy will be great, and they will rejoice forever”!—Sm 37:11.

17. What does it mean when it is said that we should ‘have compassion on one another’?

18. What do you want me to do?

Letter to Philemon: Philemon is one of Paul's letters of appeal to Onesimus, Tychicus, and others who seem to be at odds with him.

WHAT IF...

■ In the example of the Apostle Paul?

■ The example of Onesimus?

■ In the example of Philemon?

LA 154 Suɔmi Nɛ Ngɛ Daa

OCTOBER 26-NOVEMBER 1, 2026

LA 62 La Ehe ɔ

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT KASEMI

This opportunity should encourage us to rejoice in our life with Jehovah, in the opportunity we have to serve him personally, and in the ministry we will take up.

How to Become a Friend of Jehovah and Remain Loyal to Him

“He gave his life as a ransom for us, that we might serve him in a righteous way.”—Luke 1:69, 74.

(Luke 1:57-66) Jehovah sent Zechariah to answer this question. Zechariah predicted that John would speak to the people to change their hearts and follow the Messiah. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) However, Zechariah only predicted what John would do.* As we will see in this story, Zechariah’s words are predictive, and they apply to us today. From Zechariah’s story, we will learn three things we should think about with joy: (1) our future, (2) the opportunity we have to serve Jehovah, and (3) the opportunity we have to serve in the ministry.

A MA NYƐ MA HE WA YI WAMI

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. Jehovah would not have saved his son. But why would he go and save his son? Zechariah said: “[Jehovah] has saved a man who has saved his life for us.

* See a portion of Zechariah’s reading in the video The Story of Jesus’ Birth, Volume 1, at Luke 1:67.

1. What is the prophecy of Zechariah about?

2. (a) How does Luke 1:67-73 illustrate Jehovah’s care for his people? (b) Who is the “man of life” described in Luke 1:69?

20

In the house of his servant David.” (Luke 1:69; note.) “This is the living and true Messiah.” The Jews of that time were eagerly awaiting the Messiah, and they knew that the Messiah would be born of Abraham and King David. (Genesis 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) So, why did Jehovah give Zechariah this prophecy? He knew that the Messiah would soon be born. Within a few days, a virgin named Mary would give birth to Jesus, who the angel Gabriel had said would be called “the Son of God,” and would reign on “the throne of David.” (Luke 1:30-35) When Jesus was 30 years old, he was baptized. At that time, Jehovah had given him the holy spirit to make him the Messiah. (Matt. 3:16, 17) What a blessing!

3 It would be difficult to save the Jews who lived in the castles. But what was it or why was it necessary to save the Jews? Zechariah said: “He will save us from our enemies and from all who are against us.” (Luke 1:71) Does this mean that Jesus would save the Jews from the Romans who were in the castles? No. Instead, it was necessary to save the Jews from an enemy who was against them. He was Satan. Satan was the one who caused them to fall. (Heb. 2:14, 15) He is the one who causes all mankind to sin and die. (Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13) Therefore, the judgment that Jehovah imposed on Zechariah was of great importance to them. That is, “life to him... and forgiveness of their sins which they have committed.”—Luke 1:77.

4 Today, we too have sinned and died. Therefore, it is necessary for us to be saved from the penalty of sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) At the same time, Satan and his demons are trying to deceive us. They are trying to use us to distract us from serving Jehovah. They are allowing ‘those who deceive us’ to live and contribute to our ministry. Therefore, it is necessary for us to be saved.

5 In fact, let’s consider the way Jesus went to save us from sin. While in hell, Jesus taught his followers the way to worship and obey Jehovah. Then, he gave his life to witness “that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.” (John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) We had great hopes that we would do what Jesus said about the way to worship and obey Jehovah. But we were wicked, so whenever we fell, we asked Jehovah to give us our words. Then, on the basis of Jesus’ atoning sacrifice, Jehovah forgives our sins and restores our fellowship with him. (1 John 2:1, 2) In these ways, Jesus delivers us into the flesh of eternal life so that we may live forever.

6 In what way will Jesus save us from sin and death, and from Satan and his demons, and from ‘those who deceive us’? In 1914, Jesus was in the “field of David” in the wilderness. (Luke 1:32, 33) It will be at Armageddon that Jesus, the 144,000, and the angels will conquer all living people who oppose God.

3. Who or what were the reasons for the execution of the Jews?

4. Why is it important to be saved today?

5. In what way did Jesus save us from our sins?

6. Now that Jesus is King, what will He do? (See also the video.)

AUGUST 2026 21

Jehovah Gives Us Life Through Jesus Christ (Chapter 6)

5:28; Rev. 22:1, 2) When the thousand-year judgment comes, sin, death, and sickness will no longer exist. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) Satan, his demons, and all those who do not repent will be defeated in the judgment. (Rev. 20:7-10) Those who remain faithful to Jehovah will no longer serve him as servants, and they will die, and no one will be left to care for them! Because Jesus saved us, we will obey Jehovah, and we will see him live forever in “the gift of his grace and wisdom.”—2 Cor. 9:15.

HOW WE CAN GET CLOSE TO JEHOVAH

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. As you can see, we have “a way to serve Jehovah in the right way,” as Zechariah said. In what ways are we serving Jehovah in the “right way”? By teaching, praying, studying the Bible, and attending congregation meetings, village meetings, and district meetings, we are serving Jehovah in the right way. Similarly, by serving in Bethel, serving in the Kingdom Hall, and serving in the Assembly Hall, or helping to distribute them, we are serving Jehovah in the right way.

8 When it is said that we should “go” and serve Jehovah in the right way, what does it mean? Essentially, it means that we should live our lives. Since we know that we will live forever, we should do what we want with all our hearts and souls, but we should make serving Jehovah the center of our lives.

7. In Luke 1:74, 75, what authority did Jehovah give to his people?

8. What should we do?

22 HYƐƆMI MƆ

(John 6:39, 40) However, even though we may have fallen into sin, we must live in hope that Jehovah will forgive us. We can have no doubt that Jehovah loves us, and that he rejoices in us, and that he will listen to our prayers if we turn to Jesus’ heavenly sacrifice.—1 John 4:9, 10.

9 It is a concern to some of our fellow Christians that they may not believe that Jehovah is pleased with the servants whom they serve. Perhaps, because there will always be a bad person among them, they think that there is something wrong with them, and that Jehovah will love them. Or perhaps there is someone who has committed a sin and is sorry for it, and he prays and asks Jehovah to take away his sin, and that he will make his judges eat and drink. If that is the case in your way, then what can you do?

10 Consider this matter. Let it be as if a man with a sore throat went to a physician. The physician made him a suppository so that his sore throat might be healed. Then the physician said to him that it was necessary for his sore throat to be healed so that he might go home. But let it be that because of the sore throat, the man with the sore throat could go home. If so, what should he do? He should have faith in the physician, so that he might follow the instructions given to him by the physician, and so that he might not go home or go away.

11 Similarly, if you feel that Jehovah loves you because of a sin you have committed, keep your faith in Jehovah. Jehovah loves you so much that he accepted your sin by sending his Son Jesus to die for you. (John 1:16, 17; Romans 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Do what Jehovah tells you to do so that you can be confident that he will take away your sin. These are: Psalms, Bible study, and attending church meetings. (Psalm 1:2; 1 Thessalonians 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Just as it would not be possible for the dead man to be saved, so it would not be possible for you to be assured that Jehovah loves you. But you cannot be assured that whatever he says will happen to you. Therefore, do not be discouraged. Go on doing things that will please Jehovah. (Phil. 3:16) Every day, see how Jehovah uses the power he has given you to serve him. We all thank Jehovah and Jesus for giving us the opportunity to serve Jehovah in the right way!

HE BLƆ NƐ WA NÁ KAA WA MA FIƐƐ

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. As Zechariah was speaking, he told his disciple John: “Seek the Lord, and make his ways righteous.” In what way was John the Baptist going to bring this promise to pass? When he was gone, he became a preacher and he was in doubt. He told the Jews to repent, and to be baptized, and to accept the Messiah as their Savior. After he had baptized Jesus, he told the people who were there that Jesus had come from God. He said: “Behold, the Son of God, who takes away the sin of the world!” Then John urged his followers to follow Jesus as the Messiah.—John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

9. How do some brothers feel, and why?

10-11. What can we do if we have committed a sin that makes us doubt that Jehovah will love us? Give an example.

12. In what way did John the Baptist follow the ways of Jehovah? (Luke 1:76-79)

AUGUST 2026 23

The Origin of Life-Five Questions Worth Asking

If we feel that Jehovah loves us and rejoice in the opportunity we have to serve him, we will be more inclined to share the good news with others (Paragraph 16).

13 Although John was determined to tell everyone that Jesus was not the Messiah, he urged all people to accept the Messiah’s message. Why? Because Zechariah said that the coming of the Messiah would be like ‘a storm of thunder and lightning.’ This means that the coming of Jesus would change the lives of all people! This is a good news that needs to be preached to everyone, and only John could do it. Who would protect John from preaching this good news?

¹⁴ Jesus preached the good news to a great extent. He fulfilled Zechariah’s prophecy. Zechariah said: “He will preach to those who are in the wilderness and in the desert.” Jesus loved them, and he wanted to help those who were left behind. Therefore, just as Zechariah predicted, Jesus taught the disciples to ‘preach the good news of the kingdom of God.’ (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) He preached: “The kingdom of heaven is at hand.” However, Jesus knew that all who preached the good news would be loved. Therefore, he taught his disciples to preach the good news.—Matt. 4:16, 17; 10:7; 28:19, 20.

¹⁵ Today, as followers of Christ, we rejoice that we have the opportunity to help people know what they need to do to be saved. Indeed, the sacrifice of Jesus and the good news of God’s Kingdom that we are to preach is what is most important to us today. Why? Consider what is ahead of us. It will happen that “mankind will be turned away from the good news.” (Mat. 24:21) At that time, it may be that some people will turn away from the good news, and they will forsake Jehovah’s service, because they will think that they have done enough.

13. In what way will the coming of the Messiah be ‘a light that shines on us like a fire’?

14. What important work did Jesus and His followers do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is it so important that we correct ourselves now?

24 HYƐƆMI MƆ

Then, Jesus will send the 144,000 and the angels to judge all who obey Jehovah, and to choose those who obey Jehovah for eternal life. (Matt. 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) Therefore, it is even more important that we preach the good news now!—Matt. 24:14; Mar. 13:10.

16 The words of Zechariah in Luke 1:68-79 remind us of three things that we should rejoice in. They are: our life with Jehovah, the opportunity we have to serve Jehovah, and the ministry we have to do. Do you eat the bread of the atoning sacrifice of Christ, and have you committed yourself to Jehovah to serve him forever? Do you rejoice in the opportunity you have to serve Jehovah?

16. What would you like to do? (See pictures.)

If so, “joy in Jehovah’s good pleasure.” Spread the good news that God’s Kingdom will bring peace to all people, and that it will make heaven a paradise. Encourage all who love God to pray for us and to “serve him in the right way, to follow him, and to do things that please him all the days of our life.”—Luke 1:74, 75.

TELEPHONE 24: Two sisters who are working in the country. The second one; a man who has a man who works with him orders to be in and they are concerned. The third one; a smart girl who is teaching things at school. She has her school children and her teacher orders to keep on teaching things, and they are insulting her.

LUKE 1:68-79 THE SON,...

■ What is the greatest gift that Jehovah has given us?

■ What are the benefits of the vision?

■ What kind of work should we do?

LC 159 Jehovah Is My Friend

NƆ HE SANE

Ye Bɔlɔ ɔ To Ye He Hɛ

STÉPHANE LANDEROIN NYA MI MUNYU

When I was a young man, I rejoiced in my spiritual weakness. Therefore, whenever we were together, I lost hope. I feared that people would condemn me. Therefore, I would like to do things in my own way. But the Father has restrained me. Indeed, I look forward to God’s restraining me. Why?

While I lived in France, my parents and everyone else in the village believed in God. So I believed in God. But I also believed that things were certain. This teaching was taught at school, and as it was commonly held, I also believed it to be true. I saw this teaching as a judgment, and therefore I followed it in all things.

My parents were very upset about this. They said, “If there is no God, then why should anyone believe in the things that they see?” But when I saw the evil things that those who say they believe in God were doing, it made me think that I too should decide that no one should believe that there is no God. I hate even those who believe that there is a God.

But now I am convinced that there is a God, and that He is the Father of all mankind, and that He cares for me even though I thought that no one would care for me. Why did my mind change and why am I so happy now? Let me tell you.

When I was 19 years old, I was trained as a craftsman to work on crafts. Eventually, my employer sent me to French Guiana in South America for a year. It was extremely cold and unpleasant, but I hoped that things would change there.

When I was 20 years old, I returned to France in Paris. There, I worked hard and spent my days at work and at home, and on Sundays, I spent my time with my wife and we ate together. This went on for a week. But despite all this, I was very happy, and I had a good idea in my head. I would see that people would follow the truth and believe those who were wrong and who held to the truth.

I was in Paris, France, and I and my parents were very religious.

26

HYƐƆMI MƆ

I have been in South America for a few years now, and I can tell you that it is very different from what I was used to in South America. It is very different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is very different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America. It is different from what I used to be used to in South America.

I WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT FRENCH GUIANA

I went back to the beach in French Guiana, where I served as a tailor. I thought I would be happy with the nightlife I saw in Paris, and I went to the beach in the huts, and I was smoking Marijuana. But after a while, I went back to my old life, and that meant that I worked hard and drank on Sundays and Saturdays, and on Sundays and Sundays, I drank with my husband and we drank wildly.

While I was there, someone gave me the Bible. I read a portion of it in the hope that it would help me find joy in life.

I have some friends who also want to know why humans are doing this. They have a place called Unity (Unity) in the jungle. So, they told me to go there and find out.

Life in the jungle is joyous, we make our lives playful, and we think we are lucky. We do whatever we want, and no one tells us what to do. We live as the jungle lives, and we live as the jungle lives, we play, we drink, and we smoke Marijuana. We watch the jungle and we take what we have. We eat only fruits and vegetables, because we think we can eat the trees. We obey the laws that the authorities put in place, and sometimes, we follow a law because we think it will be good for us and it will please others.

We would like the world to be like the sea. In this sea, it is true that we all have different experiences, but we all feel that we are the same, and we throw stones at each other. But at the same time, I would say that each one is on his own, and we do things that we like. Of course, we also do the things that people do in the world that I enjoy doing. Some people stay in the sea for only a few weeks, some for a week, and some for a week. But I have been there for about two years.

When I was in the jungle in the hut, I saw how hard the jungles work and how much we love what we have. One day, I wish I hadn’t listened to the adiba or the government men. But the men were stronger than the jungles.

A. A village on a peninsula called Unity

B. When I was in the hut

A-M_BAR_English (United States)

B

I can’t help but wonder, so I wonder. I wonder: ‘Why is hell treating us so badly? It’s only because someone loves me and loves me dearly so that someone will live in me.’ So I wonder if it’s only because of God that these things happen. But I wonder if it’s because He has given us the authority to do all these things? This question makes me wonder if there is a Creator. But I know something about it.

I read the Bible. But now, I read it in my mind to know what God wants me to do. I was born in Salem, and I wear a cloak on my head, but I know what it means. I wonder if the one who does all these things is called Yah. But I knew their name in some of the classes we were in the library.

HOW I PLAN TO BE A GREAT FATHER TO MY CHILDREN

As I look back on my childhood, I feel that the Creator wanted me to learn more about Him. My father, who was in prison, met with some Jehovah’s Witnesses, and they gave him a copy of the book You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth.* When I finished reading the book, I was delighted with what I was reading. I was delighted to learn that I could live in paradise forever. That’s why I wanted to live in paradise with my loved ones forever and that no one of us would die. I want my Father to be pleased with me, and he wants us to have a good life in the future.

I will find it difficult to make changes in my life, but I will be able to make these changes in my life with the help of someone else. Therefore, I am going to ask Michel, who is my evangelist, to help me and to introduce me to Michel.

The day I met Michel, he invited me to a meeting in Matoury, a small town near Cayenne. The distance from my place to the meeting was about 155 kilometers, or three hours by car. My skin was dry and my clothes were dirty. I put on a shirt with a collar and a large hat. I was tired, but the brothers encouraged me to go to the meeting, and they gave me the motivation to do it. The warmth and joy that the Witnesses showed me made me confident that I would find the truth.

During the meeting, they discussed 1 Timothy 5:8. This verse means that a good mother watches over her children. I learned that Jehovah also regards himself as our Father, and he will watch over us as his family’s children forever. I found that if I make serving Jehovah a priority in my life, he will watch over me. Michel’s example also made me see that Jehovah will watch over me forever. Michel made his decision to do Jehovah’s will.

* Jehovah’s Witnesses did, but now they are reluctant to do.

FRANCE

FRENCH GUIANA

NEW CALEDONIA

I learned the truth in French Guiana, was baptized in France, and now, with my wife, I serve as a field watchman in New Caledonia.

Ligbi nɛ wa sɛ gba si himi mi

I was speaking on stage to a Chinese-speaking audience in 2006.

and he did not do what he was supposed to do, and yet he was pleased, and rejoiced.

I studied the Bible to see what changes I needed to make in my life. I asked God to help me get rid of my addiction to marijuana. So I got rid of my addiction to marijuana, and in the meantime, I stopped smoking. After that, I stopped attending church meetings. At one of the Sunday meetings, I told a brother and his wife to do the same at the Kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, I left the coast of French Guiana and returned to France. I found a Kingdom Hall and studied the Bible there. My parents noticed a change in me. I stopped smoking marijuana, and I drove my parents away from the drugs they had. My parents were pleased that I was living a hard life, but they were pleased that I was studying the Bible. Eventually, I learned that I needed to be willing to work with my younger brothers and sisters, and that I needed to show them that I was a part of Jehovah’s work.

I was baptized in 1996. I prayed to Jehovah that he would help me become a preacher like Michel. I found that becoming a preacher was the best way for me to live my life and continue to serve Jehovah.

I THINK MY FATHER DID THE SAME THING

There is a troubled brother in my congregation named Claudine. I noticed that she is an active minister. Also, the way she attends the congregation meetings shows that she loves Jehovah very much. I am pleased with her, and I would like to get to know her better. But above all, I hope that Claudine will also want to do the good news ministry. So, she is pleased to be a good news minister! So, in April 2000, we decided to do it.

One year later, we took up the fellowship. One day, we decided to learn Mandarin to be able to speak to a group of Chinese-speaking people in a church where we lived. It was a great opportunity. I had to think of myself as a Chinese who would go out and teach them the truth. Actually, I didn’t want to learn Mandarin very well, but I was hopeful. We would never forget the joy we had when we worked together with our Chinese brothers on the film. Jehovah has granted us all the good things in the days in which we have spoken to the Chinese, and he has granted us all the good things that he will grant us in the days to come.

I AM A WOMAN BECAUSE I KNOW MY FATHER

I have met some difficulties in my life. For example, I feel that I am not doing enough in the service of Jehovah, and that I am not helping my brothers and sisters as I would like to. I want all the different assignments I have to do to be enjoyable. Therefore, I try to do everything I can. But at the end of the day, I am happy because I enjoy what I am doing. (Phil. 7:16)

AUGUST 2026 29

During an observation mission in New Caledonia, we discovered a new species of sea turtle.

that Jehovah is a loving God, and that he expects us to act as if we were wicked, but that he welcomes our free will.

While I was in Paris, I was asked to serve as a night watchman. I thought that I was lucky, and that I would do my best to do this job. But I saw that Jehovah’s holy spirit could help us to do better in his service than we thought.

During the rest of my youth, I felt a deep sense of sadness and anxiety about my future. This sadness was even more intense during the day. For example, when I was standing in front of a crowd of people speaking at town or county meetings, I felt very saddened. But when I prayed to Jehovah and told Him that He was helping me, He was smiling. It was a very difficult time, but when I put my faith in Jehovah, He comforted me and my sadness subsided.

In 2011, Jehovah gave us an answer to one of our heartfelt prayers. Jehovah helped us to spread the good news in New Caledonia. The islands of the Pacific Ocean make up New Caledonia, and it is close to Paris. But we were not fortunate in this island. We had to learn some skills such as fishing, hunting, and hunting for food. Because the resources are scarce, and the seas are very cold, it would be difficult for us to go fishing. Therefore, it is necessary to learn how to communicate honestly with others. For example, on some occasions, the prisoners in this cell call out rather than respond to the criticisms.

Whenever we take on a ministry task, Jehovah encourages us to work hard. After we served in the preaching service, we served in Bethel for a few years. Then we served in the Kingdom Hall School, and now we serve in the oversight service. In each of these tasks, we found that Jehovah used his holy spirit to help us greatly. Jehovah made me realize that in the darkness of my heart, after all that I had thought of, he could not work with me. That is why I constantly pray in my heart that Jehovah will help me. Although I often feel compelled not to speak against the wrongdoers, I do encourage the brothers and sisters in the church to continue to serve Jehovah in the way he wants them to.

In all the difficulties we have met, my wife Claudine has been very supportive of me. She takes great pride in all my accomplishments. She appreciates all the work we do in the service of Jehovah, and at all times she is willing to obey orders. Although the prison is very busy, and we meet all the prisoners in the supervision work, she never criticizes our activities.

During the meetings I attended, I learned that Jehovah is a very active Creator, and that He always looks after those who serve Him. That is why I made serving Jehovah a priority in my life, and Jehovah also blessed me. Jehovah helped me to make good judgments about those who take responsibility in the world and in the church, and He also helped me to know how I should live my life. Also, Jehovah helped me to choose good husbands so that I could live my life according to the rules of the Bible. But not only that, He also gave me good husbands, and good wives. I hope that Jehovah will grant us eternal life, and that he will make us look forward to all good things with great anticipation.—Mark 10:29, 30.

30 | HYƐƆMI MƆ

IS THIS THE CASE?

What was going on with the giants in the past?

In ancient times, the sea was a place where people gathered every day and where various activities took place. The Bible lists many seas and describes the activities that took place in them.

The Hebrew word for “hill” refers to a hill with trees. It also refers to a place near a hill where people lived or worked. In some places, a hill with trees was the place where people met.—Neh. 8:1.

In Jerusalem, names were given to some of the mountains according to the objects they looked like. For example, one mountain was called the Olive Tree, and another was called the Olive Tree.—Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

Some people ate there, and others performed their rituals there. Abraham had a tent near the grove, on the edge of the meadow, to take his wife. (Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18) Also, Boaz placed Ruth on the edge of the meadow, as the law of the Israelites dictated, when the one who had the right to do so asked to do so. (Ruth 4:1, 10) Some herdsmen also dug groves near the meadows, as if to make a home for them. (Gen. 19:15-21) These also went to the meadows to eat the fruit of the meadows. —2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

(Deuteronomy 21:18-20) Because of their authority, the elders were expected to take care of the elderly. If the elders failed to take care of the elderly, the elders continued to perform their duties. (Deuteronomy 25:2) It was expected that the elders would take care of the elderly, and that they would encourage their children to do the same.—Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

Faithful men encouraged the Israelites at the altars to put their trust in Jehovah. Some priests and elders used the word of God to teach the people at the altars because they knew that people would burn their offerings there. (1 Ma. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu told the people that Jehovah would do as he had promised to destroy the house of Ahab. (2 Ma. 10:8-10) Hezekiah also called the priests at the altar to burn their offerings and encouraged them to put their trust in Jehovah.—2 Chr. 32:6-8.

(Proverbs 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, the elders were faithful men who gave people good advice and guided them in the right direction. Today, Jehovah’s knowledge is found in the Bible, and Jehovah’s servants everywhere are helping people to study the Bible and acquire this knowledge.

The location of the major towns is where historical differences occurred.

AUGUST 2026 31

A WOMAN WHO WAS GOD’S CHOICE TO BE HIS WIFE

August 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 8 DANGME

MUNYUHI AND NGƐ MI

Towns to be visited on October 5-11 | 2

Believe in Jehovah and Jesus, and You Will Not Be Suffered by Satan

Cities to be visited on October 12-18 | 8

Let Satan and His Daemons Go!

The towns to be visited on October 19-25 | 14

If You Want To Be A Woman, You Must Be A Man

The towns to be visited from October 26–November 1 | 20

How to Become a Friend of Jehovah and Remain Loyal to Him

NƆ HE SANE | 26

Ye Bɔlɔ ɔ To Ye He Hɛ

IS THAT RIGHT? | 31

What was going on with the giants in the past?

WHY THE BIBLE TALKS ABOUT HEAVEN

Tso Nɛ Woɔ Mɔmɔ Mla Pe Tso Kpahi

The Bible describes more than 30 different kinds of trees. One of these is the almond tree. It is known for its fruits that blossom in the spring. It produces pink or purple blossoms from the end of January until the next blossom. The Israelites called the almond tree, in Hebrew, “the one who has a heart.” So, is there a relationship between the tree and its Creator? Yes, there is.

In Jeremiah 7:25, Jehovah describes himself as “just.” The March 15, 2011, issue of The Watchtower said: “Just as the almond tree ‘gives its fruit’, so Jehovah ‘gives his fruit’ in the way of fruit-bearing... and he warns his people of what is to come in the time of their destruction... And Jehovah will take care of him, and show that he is determined to keep his word until it comes to pass.”—Yer. 1:11, 12.

Sometimes, the Bible uses the branches of a judge’s tree as a representation of the fruits of an almond tree. (Phil. 12:5) Because the fruits of the almond tree were so varied, Bezalel, when he was making the candlesticks for the tabernacle, made the candlesticks in the form of the fruits of the almond tree.—Ex. 37:17-20.

These donations are voluntary. They are made to support the work of Bible education, and they are made on a voluntary basis. If you would like to make a donation, please visit donate.jw.org.

The terms listed below are taken from The Clear Mother—The True Motherhood. If we use a different motherhood in a context, we will indicate it.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit jw.org, or scan this QR code

JW.ORG

w26.08-DG