JULY 2026

YOU ARE GETTING TO KNOW JEHOVAH’S WORDS

ADESUA NAME: SEPTEMBER 7–OCTOBER 4, 2026

SEPTEMBER 7-13, 2026

Sua Biribi Fi Gibeonfo No Hɔ

“The Gibeonites and Israel shall make a covenant of peace, and it shall be with them.”—JOS. 10:1.

DWOM 88 Kyerɛ Me W’akwan

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

We will see what we can learn from the Gibeonites. Then, we will see what we can learn from how Jehovah dealt with them.

40 years after the Israelites left Egypt, they came to the Promised Land. Jehovah helped them and they were able to build strongholds such as Jericho and Ai. But then something happened. What happened was that, while they were there, they were confronted by the Canaanites. All they said was that they came from a distant country, and they wanted to make a covenant with the Israelites that would make peace between them.

2 These were the Gibeonites. When they came to the Israelites, that was the first time the Bible tells us about them. The Bible also tells us that the Gibeonites and the Israelites lived together for many years. What happened in the settlement of the Gibeonites and the Israelites, many things are revealed to us, and we can see the glory of the LORD God.

REQUIREMENTS FOR A GUIDE AND ACHOBREASE

3 When the Israelites invaded the land of Canaan, there were six nations in the land that they had to fight against. They were nations that were ‘more numerous and stronger’ than the Israelites. (Deuteronomy 7:1) These six nations were the Hivites, and there were the Gibeonites. Look at the Gibeonites, the city they lived in, and they were all over the hillside, and the enemy was numerous. (Joshua 10:2) After all this, the Gibeonites realized that if they went after the nations that they were told to go with the Israelites, they would be cut off and made prisoners. For they knew that Jehovah was with the Israelites, and had commanded them to drive out all the Canaanites from the land. (Ex. 34:11; Jos. 9:24) So when the Gibeonites heard that the Israelites had surrendered Ye-

1-2. What does the Bible say about the Gibeonites, and why should we care?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did they want peace with the Israelites?

2

The Gibeonites persuaded the Israelites to make a peace covenant with them

(See paragraph 4.)

And it came to pass, as soon as the army fought against Ai, that they sent messengers to Joshua at Gilgal, to entreat mercy of him, and to make a covenant of peace with him.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeonites thought that they came from a distant land. They said that they knew what Jehovah had done to the Israelites with the Egyptians and the Amorite kings Sihon and Og. But what the Israelites had done to Jericho and Ai, the Gibeonites did not know. Because the Israelites had conquered that city soon, it would be hard for someone from a “distant land” to know about it so quickly. What the Gibeonites did shows that they did not know what they were doing.

(Josh. 9:14, 15) Soon, what the Gibeonites had done would be forgotten. But because the Israelite elders had “the name of Jehovah in their midst,” they did not kill the Gibeonites. (Josh. 9:16-19) Instead, they placed the Gibeonites in the hands of servants. That is, they would “bring water for the congregation and for the altar of Jehovah.”—Josh. 9:27.

5 When the kings of the Amorites heard that the Gibeonites had conquered the land of the Israelites, they said, “Let us go and consult the Gibeonites.” The Gibeonites came to Joshua to help them. (Josh. 10:3-7) So Joshua told the Israelites that they were going to conquer the Gibeonites, and the LORD turned his face away from them.

* The kings who came to meet Joshua came from Gibeon, Kephirah, Beeroth, and Kiriath-jearim.—Josh. 9:17.

4. (a) In Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites persuade the Israelites to make a peace treaty with them? (See also the footnote.) (b) When the Israelites realized that they had been deceived by the Gibeonites, what did they do?

5. What did the Gibeonites do to show their faith in Jehovah?

JULY 2026

3

(Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites showed that they had great faith in Jehovah. Why? They asked the Israelites to make a peace treaty with them. And when they were in trouble, they turned to Joshua for help. This demonstrates that they had great faith that Jehovah could spare them and destroy them.

6 What does this tell us about Jehovah? It shows that Jehovah is steadfast and merciful. In fact, Jehovah had commanded the Israelites to ‘destroy all the people who were on the face of the land.’ (Num. 33:51, 52) Those were the people, the Gibeonites. But because of the covenant the Israelites made with the Gibeonites, Jehovah did not destroy them. Jehovah could have said that when the Israelites made the covenant with the Gibeonites, they changed their minds, so they must destroy the Gibeonites at all costs. But Jehovah did not do so, and he let the Israelites keep the covenant they had made with the Gibeonites, and he exercised his power over the Gibeonites.—Jos. 9:26; 11:19.

7 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? Our faith in Jehovah must be strengthened. We know more about Jehovah than the Gibeonites did. Therefore, the ground on which we can rely on Jehovah is much broader. (Dt. 40:4, 5) Another lesson we can learn from the Gibeonites is that we should commit ourselves to doing the kind of work that others might think would be successful in the service of Jehovah. (Josh. 9:23, 27) A young brother named Luke said that once a senior brother who worked at Bethel did something that surprised him. But he did something that showed his dedication. One day, they were building a Kingdom Hall, and they needed brothers to stay overnight. As soon as the elder heard about it, he decided to go and stay. Luke says: “What the brother did shows you that when we are humble, it’s not because of us, but because of our hearts.” So, like the Gibeonites, if we face difficulties and commit ourselves to Jehovah, we show that we have faith in him. Likewise, if we dedicate ourselves to any work entrusted to us in Jehovah’s congregation, we are undermining the Gibeonites.

IF YOU DON’T LOVE YOURSELF, LOVE JEHOVAH

8 Many years later, the Gibeonites are mentioned in the Bible. At that time, Saul was king of Israel, and he set his sights on the Gibeonites who lived in Israel. Saul “was angry with Israel and Judah,” so he tried to destroy the Gibeonites.* Eventually, he killed them all. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) What Saul did, however, the Gibeonites saw it very clearly! Surprisingly, the covenant between the Israelites and the Gibeonites had been made many years before, and Saul had only just broken it.

9 What Saul did to the Gibeonites did not please the LORD. He waited for David to do something to Saul before he did anything. The LORD wanted a famine in Israel for six years. David asked the LORD for permission, and the LORD said to him, "Saul and his house are guilty of bloodshed, because the years have passed."

* The Bible does not explicitly state that Saul was "the ruler of Israel and Judah." Some commentators suggest that it may have been that Saul did not want to return to his kingdom.

6. What can we learn from the relationship between Jehovah and the Gibeonites?

7. How can we be inspired by the faith and humility of the Gibeonites? (See also footnote.)

8. What did Saul do to the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah react to what Saul did to the Gibeonites?

4

OWAN-ABAN

Make yourselves the work that others see as coming to you, and be like the Gibeonites.

(See paragraph 7.)

The Philistines and the Gibeonites were angry with him, so they did not kill him.—2 Sam. 21:1.

10. Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. When David told the Gibeonites that Saul had done evil to them, what would he do to them? The Gibeonites said that David was afraid that he would be killed, and that he would give them a large sum of money. But the Gibeonites said to David, “It is not a matter of money or silver.” This statement by the Gibeonites shows that they knew God’s Law very well. For the Law says that if a man is killed, he must also die; no money can be given for his son. (Numbers 35:30, 31) The Gibeonites knew that only the king had the right to pronounce judgment. So David told the Gibeonites that they could kill six men from Saul’s family. It may be that these men were the ones who had told Saul to kill the Gibeonites. After that, there was water in Israel, and the whole famine ended. This means that Jehovah had turned away his wrath from the Israelites.—2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

11 What does this verse teach us about Jehovah? It teaches us that Jehovah does not care. (Deuteronomy 37:28) Today, if you are not of the same nation as some people, or if you don’t know how they look like, they may dislike you, and they may dislike you too. But that’s not what Jehovah wants us to do, he wants all people to dislike him. On the other hand, if there are some of Jehovah’s servants, some of them do not dislike him at all, and some of them are despised because they serve Jehovah. But Jehovah promises that he will soon remove all the worries from their hearts. The fourth lesson from this story is that just as Jehovah watched over the keeping of the Israelites’ covenant with the Gibeonites, he watches over our keeping of any covenant we make.—See Amos 1:9.

12 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? Even if a Christian brother or sister has a good opinion of us, we should wait for Jehovah. We should say, “Jehovah’s hour is a good hour, and when it is his hour, he will deal with it.” By doing this, we show that we trust Jehovah to deal with our grief on our behalf.

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, what did the Gibeonites do to show that they wanted to obey Jehovah’s Law?

11. What does this statement tell us about Jehovah?

12. If one of us does, what can we do to emulate the Gibeonites?

JULY 2026 | 5

Let us take the case of Sister Laura French as an example. She joined Bethel in 1926, and a few years later, a scandal broke out. She was accused of giving false testimony. Because of this, Sister French was expelled from Bethel. Although the scandal was against her, she was expelled immediately. However, she devoted herself to the missionary work for four years. Then, Sister French was invited back to Bethel in 1940; she was surprised and delighted. She served Jehovah faithfully at Bethel for 50 years until her death. Brother French’s example teaches us that even if our brother or sister does something wrong, we should not react with sin on sin. Instead, we should rely on Jehovah, and he will take care of it in due time.—Isa. 26:3, 4.

YOU WANT TO SERVICE JEHOVAH?

13 When David died, about 500 years later, the Gibeonites were mentioned in the Bible. The Jews ruled Babylon for 70 years, and 537 years before Jesus came, their sons Amraphel and Zerubbabel returned to Jerusalem. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Then some of them and the scribe Ezra returned 468 years before Jesus came. (Ezra 7:1-7) Those who went to Jerusalem after Amraphel and the scribe Ezra are referred to as “Nethinim.” (See Ezra 2:58 and 7:7.) So the question is, where were the Nethinim? “There were churchmen or ministers who were not Israelites,” many of whom may have been descendants of the Gibeonites.—See Study Bible, “Preachers.”

14 See 1 Corinthians 9:2 and the following statement. The “church servants” referred to the people who had gone from Babylon to Jerusalem. What they did shows that they had great faith, for not all the Jews who had gone to Babylon returned to Jerusalem. It may be that the Jews felt at home in Babylon, so it was difficult for them to leave a good place there and help rebuild Jerusalem. But the Jews showed that they had great faith. For their part, their main commitment was to return to Jerusalem and rebuild the temple for Jehovah and worship him. Yes, they followed them to Jerusalem, and it was far away, but they did not understand anything. These people, it seems, were the descendants of the Gibeonites. The Jews had a land in Israel, but the descendants of the Gibeonites had no land. But they ignored it; they also left the work they were doing at the temple, and they helped to return to Jerusalem.—Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this tell us about Jehovah? This tells us that if someone offers something to Jehovah, Jehovah does not look down on the person, and he does not mind him! Why do we say that? When the Amorites attacked the Gibeonites, Jehovah did not look down on them; he let them alone. On the other hand, when the Babylonians destroyed Jerusalem, Jehovah forbade the descendants of the Gibeonites. Moreover, when the Jews were taken away from Babylon, Jehovah did not mind the Gibeonites; but they stopped doing the work they were doing at the temple. The Gibeonites were even associated with the temple. (Ezra 2:70; Neh. 11:21) Because of their work in the temple, they were not allowed to visit any other place.—Ezra 7:24.

13. Who were the “Nethinim,” and what did they do when the Jews were taken captive to Babylon?

14. What did the Gibeonites do to show that they were after the service of Jehovah? (1 Corinthians 9:2 and the following)

15. What does the story of the Gibeonites tell us about Jehovah?

6 OWAN-ABAN

16 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? We, too, want to dedicate ourselves to the service of Jehovah, and to help others to see him. Because we love Jehovah and want to please him, if we have to make a sacrifice in order to worship him, we will do it. Brother Alwin in the Philippines is an example. He worked in an oil refining company and had a busy schedule. But he wanted to devote more of his time to Jehovah. Every time the national overseer came to visit him, he asked for leave from work so that he could devote more time to preaching that evening. He knew that the job he had, if he spent it on the oil work he was doing, would disappear. But that was not all he was looking for. However, the oil work was all he wanted. Later, his wife also became an oil worker, and the two of them were able to help 21 people to become Jehovah's Witnesses. What Alwin and his wife did was not something that Jehovah would forget. And whatever you give in the service of Jehovah, you can be sure that he is aware of it, and that he will provide for your needs.—Matt. 6:33.

17 The story of the Gibeonites teaches us many things about Jehovah. But we also know that Jehovah is humble, merciful, just, and faithful. Moreover, when his servants offer something in his service, he does not turn away their hands. We can learn four lessons from the story of the Gibeonites that can encourage us. That is, when we encounter trouble or adversity, we should turn ourselves to Jehovah and have faith in him. Moreover, whatever work is given to us in the service of Jehovah, we should take it humbly. Not only that, when people look at us, we should say that Jehovah is always good, so we should give everything to him. We know that, we should use our hearts and souls to follow the service of Jehovah. So let us do what we can to imitate the Gibeonites.

16. What can we learn from the Gibeonites?

17. What do we learn from the story of the Gibeonites?

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ What can we do to show that we have faith and humility like the Gibeonites?

■ What can we do to emulate the Gibeonites when we are faced with adversity?

■ How can we follow the example of the Gibeonites in worshipping Jehovah?

SONGS 148 Jehovah Is a Friend

SEPTEMBER 14-20, 2026

DWOM 41 Tie Me Mpaebɔ

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

If we remember to read the book of Isaiah, it can strengthen us.

Yesaia Nwoma No Betumi Akyekye Wo Werɛ

“This is what Jehovah says:... ‘As a woman comforts her son, so I will comfort you.’”—Isa. 66:12, 13.

If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school. If you are a parent, you may be wondering what to do if your child is coming home late from school.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah is like a mother who loves and comforts her child. He says: “As a woman comforts her son, so I will comfort you.” (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah’s love for us is greater than any parent’s love for his child. (Isa. 49:15) Jehovah gives us much comfort in his Word, and it can strengthen us if we remember or comfort ourselves with it.—Rom.

3 Jehovah comforted Isaiah. (Isa. 40:1) At that time, things were difficult for Jehovah’s people in Judah. Because Jehovah is a loving Father, Isaiah used many words to comfort them. We, too, are in “difficult times” and need comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) So, let’s see how Isaiah’s words can comfort and strengthen us in these challenging times. First, when things suddenly go wrong in our life. Second, when we are forgiven for our sins. For example, when we learn that a child has died, we grieve.

1-2. What does Jehovah do to help us when we are distressed or upset?

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

8

PROVIDE A NEEMA ASESA PRƐKO PƐ

9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) Something can break our heart, our conversation can become muddy, a dispute can break our heart, or Jehovah’s congregation can disrupt our ministry. If you don’t, it can make you feel distracted and confused. If so, you may ask, ‘What can I do?’ A 17-year-old brother named Joseph worked at Bethel and later became a full-time minister. He says: “It seemed to me that it was going to break my heart. So let’s see what we can do.” When things go wrong so quickly, what assurance does Jehovah give us in the book of Isaiah that can help us?

5 See Isaiah 42:16. If one feels that his whole world is in turmoil and that he does not know where to go, Jehovah promises to show him the way, and he will let the turmoil pass him by. If we only know what lies ahead of us, it may be as if we are ‘resting,’ as if we are in a ‘place of rest,’ in a ‘place of restlessness,’ or in a ‘place of sorrow.’ It may seem to us that we should not be in a prison where we do not know where to go. But Jehovah assures us that, wherever the turmoil passes us, he will show us the way, and he will not let us go! He puts our hands in our mouths, He makes our paths our paths, and our places our places.

4. When things go wrong in our lives, what can we do?

5. What reassurance does Jehovah give us in Isaiah 42:16? (See also the footnote.)

Even when things go wrong in your life, Jehovah will not let you down (See paragraph 5)

‘If there’s a way to get him, it’s easy.’

(Deuteronomy 119:105; Isaiah 30:21) He will also put us in touch with fellow Christians and others to help us. So even when things are difficult, and we know what is ahead of us, we can be confident that Jehovah will guide us, because he loves us and knows what we need to do.—Isaiah 41:10; 1 Peter 5:6, 7.

6 Joseph’s own story shows how Jehovah helped him and his wife when they left Bethel. He said: “When we left Bethel, Jehovah’s hand was with us in our trouble. He helped us in our sorrow. He gave us the bread we needed in our life, and he gave us much comfort. Jehovah was with us!” And if your troubles are sudden and severe, be assured that Jehovah will guide you and strengthen you. (Isa. 54:10; 58:11) Joseph said: “The words of one of our songs touch me deeply. Whatever it is, it’s about me.’* Yes, things may not go as we expected, but we must say that whatever it is in our hearts, Jehovah is about us.”

WHERE DO YOU WANT TO GO FROM HERE?

7 But if we have committed a sin, let us tell the elders, for they love us and will help us.

* The lyrics of the song are from a song in our song book. It is called “Yehowa Ka Me Ho.”

6. If things go awry in our life, what reassurance can we have?

7. How can the past sins of some people cause them to repent?

(Prov. 28:13; James 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) But even after Jehovah has forgiven us for all our sins, our enemies can still hold on to us. You might say, ‘How can Jehovah forgive me for this evil that I have committed?’ (2 Cor. 2:7) If you think so, it’s a good thing, because the effects of our past sins have a powerful influence on us, and they can be strong enough to affect our minds. When King David committed the sin, he said: “My iniquity has consumed me.” Then he said: “I am weary and sore.” (Ps. 38:3, 8) On the other hand, if you want to be forgiven for your past sins, the book of Isaiah will help you.

8 See Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah tells us a wonderful parable about how he forgives our sins. He says that even if our sin is “as a stick,” he will make it “like a stick.” He knows that sticks are hard to break. But Jehovah reassures us that when he forgives our sins, he will forgive us forever!

(2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Kings 9:4, 5) Jehovah, on the other hand, focused on David’s faithfulness, not on his past sins. Similarly, when we repent of our sins, Jehovah forgives us and restores our faith in him. Another source of comfort is found in the book of Isaiah:

8-9. How does Isaiah 1:18 show how Jehovah forgives sins?

10 OWAN-ABAN

“Take away all my iniquities from behind you.”

It is not past sins that Jehovah sees (See paragraph 11)

can help us when our enemies threaten us?

10 Consider Isaiah 38:17. The phrase, “I will take away all my iniquities from behind you,” can also be translated as, “You will take away all my sins from before you.” This metaphor shows that when the wicked forgives, Jehovah puts his sin behind him, so that Jehovah will forgive or forget it. One woman also said that it can be translated as, “You have made [my sin] as one of the sins that we have committed.” So when Jehovah forgives our sins, in his eyes it is as one of the sins that we have committed; he no longer mentions it, nor does he forget it. He promises: “I will not forgive your sins again.” (Isa. 43:25) How comforting is that?

Don’t Let Your Past Affect Your Joy in Serving Jehovah

If we can forgive our past sins, then why should we let them hold us back?

11 Whenever we are troubled by our past sins, we should remind ourselves of the reassurance Jehovah gives us. He tells us that if He forgives sins, He will forgive us. It is not because of our past wrongdoing that we should feel guilty. Moreover, it is not because of humans that we should feel guilty. (Isa. 57:16) It is not our past wrongdoing that Jehovah sees, but rather how we continue to rely on him, and how we commit ourselves to doing what pleases him. (Isa. 55:7)

10. What is the comfort in Isaiah 38:17?

11. Despite our past sins, how does Jehovah look upon us? (See also chapter.)

JULY 2026 11

"Whoever eats the flesh will have life."

The hope of seeing our deceased loved ones again will be fulfilled in some way (See paragraph 14)

The God we serve is a loving and forgiving God! Therefore, we should not allow past sins to dampen our joy in serving Jehovah. Nor should they prevent us from receiving future blessings.

WHERE DO YOU SEE YOURSELF IN THE FUTURE?

12 When we lose a loved one, we are overwhelmed with sorrow, and the days of grief can be very long. Sometimes, we can be sure that Jehovah will take care of our loved one’s death. Consider a man named Michael; he returned to his parents’ house and mourned for them. He said: “I was overwhelmed, and I was afraid that Jehovah would take care of our death. I knew that it was not he who killed them, but it did not hurt him.” Have you ever felt that way? When we are overwhelmed with sorrow, what comfort and hope does Jehovah offer us?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah has promised that “death shall not be forever.” Imagine living in a world where there will be no death again. You will not have to mourn the death of your loved ones. (Isa. 35:10) Likewise, you will not have to mourn the death of your loved ones. But you will have the hope that you and your loved ones will live forever in a place where there will be no death. That promise is not an illusion; God himself has spoken, for he alone can make it come true.—Rev. 21:4, 5.

14 See Isaiah 26:19. Not only will Jehovah bring death to an end, but he will also bring our dead relatives back to life.

12. If our loved ones die, what can we eat?

13. What promise does Jehovah give us in Isaiah 25:8?

14. When you think of the resurrection, what does it make you feel? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also the footnote.)

12 AUGUST

He said, “My servants shall rise again.” This shows that they belong to Jehovah, and he spoke of them all. Therefore, when the time comes, he will raise them up. Just as the dawn is the dawning of the morning, so Jehovah, the Lord of life, will raise up our dead relatives to life. But we shouldn’t let them die! Let’s not!—Read Mark 5:42.

15 Jehovah’s promise to remember our loved ones who have died comforts us, even when we are sad. Michael, who is 80 years old, says: “Isaiah 26:19 helps me to know that my parents are very much in Jehovah’s care. I know that he cares for them and will continue to care for them until he raises them from death. That comforts me and makes me stronger.” Let us also continue to think of the hope we have that we will see our loved ones again. By doing so, we will not lose hope.

16 We see how the words of Isaiah can comfort us when things go wrong in our life, when a past sin threatens us, and when we mourn the loss of a loved one. We know that Jehovah uses his Word to comfort us and bring us back to him. (Dt. 94:19) If you are in trouble, is there a good word that comforts you? If so, keep it in your mind, and you can pray there, or wherever you want. We are confident that the words that our loving Father Jehovah has spoken for us will comfort you.

15. How does the hope of resurrection benefit us when we are already dead?

16. If you are in trouble, what good advice will comfort you?

CHAPTER 11: A brother is in the priest's house, and his eyes are glowing; but his past iniquity is forgiven him. CHAPTER 12: A brother is in the priest's house, and his eyes are glowing; but his past iniquity is forgiven him. CHAPTER 13: A brother is in the priest's house, and his eyes are forgiven him.

WHAT IS THE REASON...

■ Isaiah 42:16?

■ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

DWOM 3

Our Strength, Our Hope and Our Destiny

SEPTEMBER 21-27, 2026

DWOM 12

Otumfoɔ, Jehovah God

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

We will examine what it means to see or know Jehovah, why we need to know Jehovah, and how we can do so.

Kɔ So Ara Hu Yehowa Yie

“Hu God a wo papa son no no, na fa koma a edi mu son... no.”—1 KINGS 28:9.

Jehovah’s grace and wisdom are infinite, and his works are manifold. When we think of the Creator’s ways, we are amazed. Maybe we can say with the apostle Paul: “How infinite is God’s wisdom and grace! We cannot comprehend his mind, nor seek his will!”—Rom. 11:33, 34.

2 Although we cannot know everything about Jehovah, we can see things that will help us to see him as he is. King David said to his son Solomon: ‘Seek the God whom your father served, and let your heart serve him. If you seek him, he will give him to you.’ (1 Sam. 28:9) Much later, the apostle John also told his fellow Christians that they could ‘see the true one.’ (1 John 5:20) Jesus himself said that anyone who wanted to see “the Father’s face” would be helped by the false one.—Matt. 11:27.

3 Those of us who dedicate ourselves to Jehovah learn many things about him. But ‘learning’ does not mean learning about him. (John 17:3) For example, what we do to please Jehovah, and how we can receive his great blessing, can be learned every day. Whether or not we attend church, let us answer these five questions. It will help us all to learn about Jehovah. In other words: What does it mean when we say that someone has seen Jehovah? Why should we go to see Jehovah? How should we do it?

1. How do we feel when we learn about Jehovah’s wisdom, knowledge, and power?

2. What does it mean that we can see Jehovah?

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

14

WHAT IF WE WANT TO BE LIKE JEHOVAH?

4 Considering Jehovah’s words to the Jews who were to be taken away captive to Babylon shows what will help us to know Jehovah. Jehovah said: “I have given them a heart to know that I am Jehovah.” (Jer. 24:7) Those who were taken away captive to Babylon knew a great deal about Jehovah. But if they were to know Jehovah, they would have to give him all their heart and all their mind. One woman said to him: “There is a great difference between a man who claims to know God’s word and a man who claims to know God’s heart. It’s like someone reading a love story, or someone who’s in love with someone else.” We know that there is a God, and that his name is Jehovah. But we need to know how he looks.

5 When we try to understand Jehovah, we learn what he likes and what he doesn’t like. Let’s take King Josiah as an example. The Bible says: “In the eighth year of his reign, while he was still a child, he sought the God of his father David.” (2 Kings 34:3) But not only did he fulfill his promise to Jehovah, but he also put his promises into practice. Jehovah said through the prophet Jeremiah that Josiah ‘did justice and did righteousness,’ and he warned the wicked and the transgressors. Then Jehovah said: “Isn’t that a sign that one knows me?”—Yer. 22:15, 16.

6 See Ps 9:10. If we see Yeho-

When he was imprisoned for a short time, he said: “It is no fault in me, for I know that Onii is his father.” (2 Tim. 1:12) What Paul knew about Jehovah was that he could devote himself to him completely because of his weakness in his faith. This also shows that Paul was confident in Jehovah that his heart would rejoice in the truth he was seeing, and that he would soon be raised to life.

WHY SHOULD WE LOVE JEHOVAH?

7 As we learn more about Jehovah, we are given more knowledge about him so that we can see him. But if we worship Jehovah forgiveness, perhaps we will see him just as we have seen him. Why? When we study the Bible at home or in the church, perhaps we will focus on how we apply what we learn, and how we help others. If we do that, we have sinned, because that is what the Bible says we should do. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) However, the Bible does tell us many things about Jehovah. (Deuteronomy 18:20) 25:8-10) Therefore, as we read the Bible, we should not focus only on what it says will be good for us and for others. We should also ask ourselves: ‘What does this celebration teach me about Jehovah God?’*

8 If we learn to love Jehovah, it will help us

* In the New World Translation, there is a section called “What the Bible Says.” See question 20.

4. What will help us to like Jehovah?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah when it comes to seeing Jehovah?

6. According to Psalm 9:10, how does it help us to see the face of Jehovah?

7. What will happen if we forgive?

8. How does seeing Jehovah’s face help us and our neighbors? (Psalm 73:24-28)

JULY 2026 15

When we do, we know for ourselves that we are closer to our Father. Why? Because we are closer to him. That is why it feels good, and we appreciate it. We feel like the poet Asaph. As Jehovah loved him, he said, “God is my heart and my companion forever.” (Read Psalm 73:24-28.) Any effort we make to see Jehovah’s love, will make it clear to us that we and his relationship is something that should not be underestimated.

9 The Bible tells us to “love” Jehovah. (Prov. 3:5, 6) This means that we should “love” the things that are pleasing to Jehovah, and that we should feel that our desires are pleasing to him. Doing so will help us to make good decisions. For example, some brothers and sisters keep their husbands’ or wives’ phones on their desks, in their purses, or on their phones. If they do this, it helps them to not “love” their spouses. They also look to do what will please their spouses, not what will upset or hurt them. In turn, our closeness to Jehovah will help us to make decisions that please him.—Deuteronomy 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah made us in his own image, and he cannot change his image. (Gen. 1:26) It will help us to come closer to Jehovah.

9. If Jehovah is ‘yehu’, how does it help us? Let’s see.

10. How will it help us to go to Jehovah’s presence?

(Matt. 23:23) Instead of imitating the judges and Pharisees, we should focus on Jehovah’s love when we read the Bible. Doing so will help us to love him.—1 John 4:8, 11.

HOW CAN WE KNOW JEHOVAH?

11 Who has helped you learn about Jehovah? Maybe your parents have taught you the truth. Maybe they have told you about the things in the Bible that make you know that Jehovah loves you, and they have shown you that the things he has created also show that he loves you. Or maybe a Jehovah’s Witness came to you and you studied the Bible. As the Bible and the things he has created show that he loves you, perhaps the person with whom you were discussing the Bible and the things he has created has learned more about you from the book You Can’t Believe It!.* (Neh. 8:8; Acts 14:17) In each case, let’s consider what we can do to learn more about Jehovah.

12 The first thing that will help us to be like Jehovah is to be

* See the You Can Be Sure! booklet, section 7, paragraphs 5-7.

11. How Do You Know Jehovah?

12-13. How does reading the Bible help us learn about Jehovah? Let’s look at some examples. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also the front page of this New World Translation.)

16 OWAN-ABAN

Look at the things that Jehovah has created, and it will help you

(See paragraph 15.)

(Ex. 34:6, 7) But more often than not, the Bible speaks about the outcomes of people’s actions and decisions. So if you come across such a Bible passage, consider what it says about Jehovah.

13 Let’s take an example. Suppose you read Jeremiah 38:6-13, and you find that Ebed-Melek the Ethiopian did something to the prophet Jeremiah. Maybe what comes to your mind is what you can learn from Ebed-Melek; his humility, his compassion, and his love. And what about Jehovah, what is the truth in this story? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) When you look at this story, what part of it makes you know that Jehovah sees things fairly, looks at people’s faces, and treats everyone fairly? What is the truth about Jehovah, what is the truth in this story? Each time you read a passage from the Bible, try to identify God’s righteous choice, and remember that we can’t change that choice.

14 The second thing that will help us to like Jehovah is to look at his creation. (Deuteronomy 145:9, 10) But looking at creation alone will not help us to like Jehovah. Some people spend their entire lives looking at creation, but they do not recognize that God exists and controls its destiny. The Apostle Paul said that God’s “incomprehensible purposes... are clearly seen from the creation of the world in the things that are made.” (Romans 1:20) One Bible translation of this passage says, “If you look at things carefully,” you can see God’s destiny. Looking at the things Jehovah has created for us will help us understand his choice.

15 If we be many, let us be few;

14. Why should we study the things that Jehovah has created?

15. What did Patrick do to help him see Jehovah’s face, and what can you do to encourage him? (See also the slide.)

JULY 2026 17

“Every day I try to look at Jehovah’s creation. Sometimes I see cows and elephants watching the border and looking for a place to eat. Once, I saw some elephants being slaughtered. They were changing things in our area so that they could feed their children in a place where they would be happy.” But Patrick didn’t just look at the elephants, he also looked at the Creator. He went on to say: “I will know that Jehovah cares deeply for his creations; even for the smallest creatures. I will also know that Jehovah cares deeply for me and has his eye on me, so that he will give me whatever I need.”

(Luke 1:30) But Jehovah had a great task in hand; namely, to give birth to God the Father. It was a great task, so Jehovah sent the angel Gabriel and Mary to kiss Elizabeth and encourage her and tell her to come back to herself. Mary, the things that were happening in her life, and what the angel and Elizabeth said to her, took them to the evening. She knew that Jehovah had power, and that he would take care of everyone.

16. What helped Mary, the mother of Jesus, to obey Jehovah, and what can we learn from her? (See also the chapter.)

Thinking about the things Jehovah has done for you will help you to love him

(See paragraph 16.)

18 AWON-ABAN

(Luke 1:46-55) Mary knew that Jehovah had done something for her, and she followed him, showing gratitude. Likewise, if Jehovah ‘helps us in due time,’ we should show gratitude. (Heb. 4:16) If Jehovah helps you, it’s right to ask yourself: ‘So what has Jehovah done to help me, what makes me feel grateful to him? What is it that makes me feel grateful?’

WE SHOULD LOVE JEHOVAH OVER ALL THINGS

(Rev. 20:12) However, if your eyes look at the sun or the moon, you will see the same things that God has created. So, you will learn more about Jehovah. (Isa. 11:6-9) Now, look at yourself in Paradise, where, as promised, sin will be forgiven, and your dead loved ones will be raised to life.

18 As for Jehovah, we cannot expect anything from him! He exists forever, so “we cannot expect anything from him.” (Dt. 90:2; 147:5) In fact, “the work of the true God is from the beginning to the end, for the sake of man.” (Ecc. 3:11) So whether we are in the congregation for a while, or whether we are here today, let us all give ourselves to expecting something from our loving Father.

17-18. Why can we say that we cannot know anything about Jehovah?

ANIME: Ebed-Melek rescued Jeremiah from the dungeon; what he did shows that he was very courageous. Paragraph 18: One of the servants tells Jeremiah how Jehovah helped him to perform his duties in the dungeon.

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ What does it mean to say that one knows Jehovah?

■ Why should we go to see Jehovah?

■ How can we seek to please Jehovah?

CHAPTER 28 See How Jehovah Created Man

SEPTEMBER 28–OCTOBER 4, 2026

Good Answers from Jehovah’s Witnesses

DWOM 79 Boa Ma Wɔnnyina Hɔ Pintinn

“If anyone is to have eternal life, he must know you, that you are the only true God.”—JOHN 17:3.

NEA ADESUA YI BAKA HO ASEMA

As you study the Bible, you will learn more about Jehovah, what he wants, and what he likes and dislikes.

WHAT DO YOU THINK IF YOUR Bible student fails to answer a question, asks a question, or decides to be baptized? If so, it’s exciting! But we know that if our Bible student fails in such a way, it’s not in our power, but it’s with Jehovah’s help. When we see that someone is firm in the truth, we give it all to Jehovah.—1 Cor. 3:5-9; 3 John 3, 4.

2 God wants “all people to have the knowledge of the truth.” (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know him. Indeed, whatever he intends to do for mankind, he wants people to know. (Jeremiah 9:24) To do that, we must have the knowledge of the truth. So, what does it mean when we say that someone has the knowledge of the truth? A Bible scholar told him that if someone has the knowledge of the truth, it is not only that he has the knowledge of God, but that the knowledge of God in him guides him in his life. So, if the Bible describes Jehovah, the gift he received will change his life, and he will have the hope of “everlasting life.”—John 17:3.

3 Jehovah loves us; he has given us the opportunity to answer his call. In this lesson, we will consider the following questions. First, why should Bible students worship Jehovah? Second, how can we help Bible students become Jehovah’s followers? Third, how can we help them apply what they learn to their lives?

1. What would you do if you knew your Bible name was going to go down?

2. What is the kingdom of God? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we discuss in this lesson?

20

BOA OSUANI NO MA ONHU YEHOWA YIE

4 Jesus said, “The greatest commandment is this: ‘You shall love Jehovah with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind, and with all your strength.’ ” (Mark 12:30) To love Jehovah, one must first know him. So, as Bible students, it is our love for Jehovah that drives us to dedicate ourselves to him, and not some of our doctrines that they dislike, or just because they want our word. Therefore, when we read the Bible, what should be on our minds first is to help the person to know Jehovah and to love him.

5 There is love, and there is obedience; to love is to obey. So if your Bible name is Jehovah and you love him, no one will tell you to obey him. Jesus said: “This is so that the world may know that I love the Father, and that I do what the Father has commanded me to do.” (John 14:31) So too are our Bible students; if they love Jehovah above all else in their lives, they will obey Jehovah, and they will obey Jehovah above all else.—1 John 5:3.

6 If the Bible teaches that Jehovah is righteous, it will not be difficult for us to make decisions that are in accordance with Jehovah’s views. Let’s consider an illustration. If someone wants to be blind, it is not enough to read the law concerning blindness, or to look at someone who is blind, that will make him see. Instead, he must stand behind the fence and let the blind man go.

The Bible teaches us that when we are in the presence of the Lord, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presence of God, and when we are in the presence of God, we are in the presen

(Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) Therefore, Joseph knew Jehovah’s mind about marriage and the relationship between man and woman. Because Joseph knew Jehovah, when Potiphar’s wife asked him to marry her, he refused. Joseph’s mother said to him: “How can a man say such a thing and sin against God?” (Gen. 39:7-9) Joseph knew Jehovah’s mind, so he knew what Jehovah liked and did not like; and if he knew what he was doing, it would displease Jehovah. Therefore, Joseph made the right decision. Likewise, we should help our Bible students to learn more about Jehovah and how he is. Doing so will help them to make decisions that are right in Jehovah’s sight.

WHAT DOES THE BIBLE SAY ABOUT GOD’S NAME?

8 How can you help your Bible reader see Job as Jehovah sees him? When Jehovah wanted Job to see him as he sees him, he used questions. Jehovah asked Job more than 50 questions. (Job 38:1–41:34)

4. Based on Mark 12:30, what should we keep in mind when studying the Bible?

5. What will your Bible study help you do to love Jehovah?

6. How does the Bible help us understand God? Explain with an illustration.

7. How did Joseph’s knowledge of Jehovah’s will help him?

8. How Can You Be Sure! Help You Become a Jehovah’s Witness?

JULY 2026 21

A Question You Can’t Explain

There are many questions in the You Can Ask! book that can help your Bible students learn more about Jehovah. These include:

“How Does Jehovah See Those Who Preach the Good News?” (Lesson 21)

“When you think about what you have learned about Jehovah and Jesus, do you think that when they judge people, they will judge evil or righteousness? Why do you think that?” (question 33)

“When you choose to serve Jehovah, what does he think? Why?” (page 34)

“What Would Jehovah Think If We Married Someone Other Than Him?” (Page 42)

“What in the Scriptures shows that Jehovah forgives sins?” (question 56)

“How does Jehovah’s treatment of the creation show that he is just, merciful, and loving?” (question 57)

As we study with our Bible students, we should ask questions. In the case of the You Can Ask! book, the good questions are intended to help Bible students learn more about Jehovah, and to help them understand how he looks. (See the section entitled “Helpful Questions That Can Help You Describe Him.”) So, as you study the book, ask those questions. If you do, it will help you become a Jehovah-like person.

9 If we do, we should encourage them to read the Bible every day.* How can we help them to benefit from reading the Bible? We can help them to understand that when they read something in the Bible, they can ask themselves, ‘Why did Jehovah put this in the Bible?’ ‘What does Jehovah think of this?’ The apostle James is an example of this. When he spoke about Job, he spoke not only about how Job looked at his plight, but also about Jehovah’s love. He said that Jehovah is merciful and gentle.—Read James 5:11.

10 We want to help our Bible students see how a Bible verse can help them know what pleases or displeases Jehovah. For example, suppose you’re looking at a Bible title in the book You Can Be Sure!, section entitled “Ken-

* See You Can Do It!, section 5, the section entitled “Make a Point to Read the Bible Every Day.” It says: “Make a point to read the Bible every day. Following the section entitled ‘Read the Bible Every Day’ will help you to do so.”

9-10. (a) What will help our Bible students benefit from their Bible study? (James 5:11) (b) Give examples of how Bible accounts illustrate what Jehovah likes and dislikes.

22 AWON-ABAN

Help your Bible student to remember that when he reads a Bible verse and doesn’t understand it, he should reflect on what he knows about Jehovah (See paragraphs 12-13)

(Daniel 6:10, 22) He might also ask: ‘What do the men who brought the case against Daniel feel? What does it mean for them? What does it mean for Jehovah to be displeased?’ (Daniel 6:4, 5, 24) He might also ask: ‘What did Jehovah choose to happen?’ —Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 It is a great joy for us to see that our Bible students appreciate what we teach them. But we need to let them know that Jehovah is the Master Teacher, and that what he teaches comes from him. (Isa. 30:20, 21) Sometimes, our Bible students can help us and perhaps tell us that the way we teach is inappropriate.

11. How can we help our Bible students know that what they learn is from Jehovah?

Yes, man is an object of desire, but we must let him know that, if he has a need, it is Jehovah that he should ask.

DO YOU KNOW WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS AND HOW IT CAN HELP YOU?

12 If your Bible student can see the benefits of what he is studying, let him put it into practice. Then, how can you help him to put what he is studying into practice? First, if he is reading a Bible passage and he understands it, help him to reflect on what he knows about Jehovah’s love. For example, your student may be thinking about something about Jehovah’s will, and he wonders why there are some people whom Jehovah hates and others whom he loves. If your Bible student is facing such a challenge, how can you help him to put it into practice?

13 You can encourage him to question what he knows about Jehovah. He can ask himself,

12-13. How can you help a Bible student who is reading a Bible passage that he or she doesn’t understand? (See also the footnote.)

JULY 2026 23

(2 Pet. 3:9) Although we are evil, what does Jehovah do to keep us safe? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Does Jehovah judge someone who does not know what he wants? Or, if someone wants to know what he wants, will he let them decide for themselves? (Ex. 34:6, 7) One thing is for sure, the Bible does not teach us why Jehovah makes a decision. But we do need to be taught. Because we know the God we worship, and we know that he is true all the time.

14 Let’s consider a second way in which your name can influence what he learns about Jehovah. Let’s say that your name comes from a distant place, and it’s difficult for you to approach a brother. Maybe the brother has done something for you. If so, how does Jehovah see our brothers and sisters in Christ?

14. If a man does something that upsets you, how will you help him?

Use the Bible’s advice to help you make the decisions that Jehovah wants you to make (See paragraphs 15-16)

(John 3:16) What kind of unity is there between us? (Deuteronomy 133:1) If Jehovah sees that we are doing everything we can to maintain the unity that exists between us, what does he think? (2 Cor. 13:11) Make sure your Bible student knows that he should focus his attention on the good things he is doing, not on the bad things he is doing. By doing so, he will please Jehovah.

15 The next thing you can do is to help your Bible student make a good decision about what he or she is discussing. In Topic 35, “How to Make a Good Decision,” of the You Can Ask! magazine, you can help your student make a good decision. But even if your student prays about the issue, and does all the research he or she needs to do, it may be difficult for him or her to make a good decision. Maybe he or she wants to listen to what the Bible says about the issue. Instead, you can encourage him or her to look at what helped Jesus make a good decision. What helped Jesus? He said: ‘I do what pleases my Father.’ (Read John 8:29.) You might encourage your son or daughter to ask himself or herself: ‘When I consider all the things I have learned about Jehovah and all the research I have done, what decision would I make that would please him?’ However, if he or she makes a decision that pleases Jehovah, that is good.

16 Let’s consider a woman who was staying with her brothers in Chile; she had to make a big decision in her life. Her husband wanted to go to a job that would make a lot of money, but it would not allow her to stay at home forever. Her sister, Marianne, who was staying with her, said to her: “I heard that

15-16. (a) When it came time for a Bible-based decision, how could Marianne imitate Jesus? (John 8:29) (b) What did Marianne do to help her Bible-based decision? (See also the footnote.)

24 AWON-ABAN

I also encouraged him to bring his grief to Jehovah, and to see how Jehovah would answer his prayer. He decided to do the job, and soon enough, he had a job that would allow him to go to school forever.” Let’s also say that, Marianne wouldn’t tell her boyfriend if he was gay or not, but what his boyfriend knew about Jehovah helped him to get closer to him. What came out of it was that it made the relationship between the boyfriend and Marianne better, and it made his relationship with Jehovah stronger. Consider what Marianne says about her name. “My name tells me that if we put Jehovah’s service first, Jehovah will look after us,” she says.

HOW WE ARE WORSHIPING JEHOVAH

17 When we do this, we teach people many things that are fundamental to the Bible, such as the existence of death, the redemption, and the Kingdom of God. We—

17. What is the most important thing we should teach our Bible students?

They also teach them how things are organized in the church. It is, as it turns out in our study, the work of the church elders is how the High Council is presented to the church. Aside from these things they learn, the most important thing is that they see Jehovah’s face.

18 We have a great opportunity to help others come to know Jehovah. Even today, we cannot lose the joy of those who have seen and worshipped Jehovah. (Deuteronomy 25:12-15) In the future, those who have “received knowledge of Jehovah” will abide with him forever. (1 John 5:20) But not only that; the Bible also tells us that everyone who makes an effort to know and love Jehovah “knows him.” (1 Corinthians 8:3) Indeed, the sovereign God knows us well and considers us his friends. It is a blessing without equal to see the true God!

18. What is the blessing of seeing Jehovah?

SECTION 24: Marianne's biblical description of the prostitute's job would have made it impossible for her to make a living.

WUBEBUA SAAN?

■ Why should the Bible be regarded as Jehovah’s Word?

■ How can you help your Bible appreciation become Jehovah-like?

■ How can we help our Bible students put what they learn into practice?

DWOM 84 We Help the Work

ASETENAM NSEM

Jehovah's Witnesses

KEN KIUCHI ANOM ASƐM

When I first visited the printing press at the Brooklyn Bethel in New York City, U.S.A., I was amazed at what I saw there. The way the paper was burned and dried, and the heat was so intense. The paper they were working on caused the ink to stand in the press, and the oil to leak out of the press.

I saw many things there, but what struck me the most were the brothers who were working there. The work that the women and children were doing there, and people saw it as a worthwhile work. Also, the work they were doing, and people didn’t like it and they didn’t care about it at all. But they loved the work they were doing. If we say that someone is devoted to worshipping Jehovah, then these brothers do not understand what it means.

It has been many years since Jehovah would have saved me so that I could become a Buddhist. I was a Buddhist, but I was afraid to tell you the truth.

MEHWEHWƐ ONYANKOPƆN WƆ ME MMOFRABEREM

I was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. My parents had nine children, and I was the eldest. My parents emigrated from Japan to Chicago; they were convinced that America would be a better place for them. They wanted their children to attend high school and then go to college.

My parents were Buddhists. My mother's family had no Buddhist temple. Her father and two brothers were Buddhist priests. So my family never practiced Buddhism. Every day when I went to school, the first thing I did was to offer flowers to the Buddha statue in front of our house, and my mother drank water from it. Then, when it was Kwasiada, we would go to the Buddhist temple outside our house to a statue that looked like the one in front of our house, but it was bigger than ours, and we would spend money on everything.

When I was about six years old, I remember that one day I was looking at the tree in front of our house, and I asked myself, ‘If I die, what will happen to me?’ The Buddha taught me that if I die, I will go back to my grave in hell. At the same time, it occurred to me that, hey, my life will come to an end. I would become a spirit being, but I can’t keep my eyes closed like humans do anymore. I was shocked! Then, for a moment we were silent.

26 OCTOBER

When I was about 15 years old, Buddhism began to take hold of me, and I saw it as a baptism. I knew that something was going on in my life. (Matt. 5:3) In my mind, I knew that there was an authoritative representative of God, and I wanted to know him. It seemed to me that the Bible could help me find the answers to my questions, so I went to the Bible; it was the King James Version.

When I was 17 years old, a man named Wilson Bashou approached me. He asked me, “What do you think God will do for mankind in the future?” That question led to a Bible conversation. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 to me, and asked me, “What does the ‘water’ on the river stand for?” I didn’t know what to say. So he gave me Revelation 17:15, which says that the water stands for mankind. I knew that Jehovah’s Witnesses did not teach a scripture that used the Bible alone. It shocked me. When Wilson interviewed me, he gave me a copy of The Truth Will Overcome. The book was a great deal of inspiration to me.

The next day, I went to my first meeting at the Kingdom Hall. I was amazed at the way the brothers treated me. From that day on, I never missed a meeting. After that, Wilson began to teach me the Bible. My father studied the Bible as hard as he could, sometimes for eight hours a day. I told my parents to study the Bible, but they wouldn’t listen to me. But every time he taught me something, I knew it was the truth. I was baptized in 1983.

MIGYAEE SUAPƆN BƐYƐƐ DAA KWAMPAEFO

When I was baptized, I was attending a prestigious university, and I was studying to be a doctor. My parents made many sacrifices so that I could become a doctor. I could have spent my days at the university, but I wanted to dedicate my time to serving Jehovah and doing my best in his service.

My father told me that: “If you know that I’m going to the hospital, then you should go home!” I was upset and my mind was confused. I loved my parents, and I didn’t want to do anything that would hurt them. So I went to school at night and sat before Jehovah and said: “Please, help me to make a good decision.” Finally, I decided to go to the hospital, so my father told me that I should go home. I told Wilson everything that happened to me, and he said that I and he would stay together. I packed all my things into one bag, and I went to Wilson’s house. For a moment, it seemed that my heart was breaking. I knew I had made the right choice.

We were like strangers in a strange land. However, I was able to devote my time to serving Jehovah. So in 1984, we quit our jobs.

When I was a full-time missionary, Jehovah helped me to have a better choice; that is, to be cheerful. At first, I was upset because I didn’t have anyone with me to go to the ministry, so I didn’t want to go. But I made up my mind to go. About two hours later, I went to a house; it was a beautiful house.

Me and Wilson Bashou a ɔma mihuu nokware no

JULY 2026

27

Some of them visited the Brooklyn Bethel, and I showed them what was going on at the newsstand.

I don't Michiko Oda don't don't swear

When I was 12 years old, my father died, and my mother and I lived with my grandmother. My father was a farmer, and my mother was a housewife, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and my mother was a nurse, and

MISSIONARIES IN BROOKLYN BETEL

I lived with Wilson for a couple of years, and then they asked me to join the Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As I had said, they let me work in the newsroom. In the first day, I was working on the back of the newspapers, and I read a lot of magazines and newspapers. My colleague told me to tell the man in charge of that office what I had done. I went and explained everything, but he told me one thing. The brother who was in charge of the office told me, “If you do something and don’t go to it, don’t expect to be forgiven.” That day I learned that if I am forgiven, I must accept it and forgive.

One evening while we were recording, Brother Milton Henschel and I were speaking at one of the bridges of the Great Hall of Jehovah’s Witnesses. The bridge was very narrow that day, and the brothers who were paying the customs were just paying their bills. Our younger brothers were standing by the bridge, and we were arguing about where the brothers who were paying the customs were going. Brother Henschel was not dead; what we saw was him standing behind the brothers who were paying the customs, and he was giving them water, bread, and bread. The way Brother Henschel devoted himself to his brothers has touched me to this day; it has reminded me of how Jesus devoted himself to his apostles.—John 13:3-5.

28 OCTOBER

"It's time to visit Japan!"

In 1987, I went to Japan, and I loved the country and the kindness and humility of the brothers and sisters who served there. I wanted to help them, but my problem was that I didn’t speak Japanese. A sister at Bethel named Michiko Oda looked at me and said, “You should learn Japanese!” And that’s what I did. I knew that the sister’s image would change my mind.

In 1989, I attended a convention in Los Angeles, California. It was the first convention I attended in Japan. At the convention, a drama was performed, and a young woman named Miwako Onami, who was an actress, caught my eye.

Miwako and I met in 1992, and we had the opportunity to serve at the Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako loved people, and always wanted to do something good for others. Her good will helped me to do what I needed to do with people.

I WAS AT JAPAN BETEL, AND I DID NOT KNOW THE TITLE.

Some years later, Miwako’s parents in Japan died suddenly. The brothers at the Brooklyn Bethel asked if we could serve at the Japan Bethel so that we could visit and care for Miwako’s parents. So we went there in 1999.

We went to Japan Bethel, and we were immediately impressed by the atmosphere there. The young men in Japan were very cheerful and open-minded. That impressed me a lot, so I followed them. When it came to their work, they were not tired. When they did work, they were tired. The reason why they did so is that Japanese people always mean that if people work hard, it is better than if one person would devote himself to work and want to be happy for himself. Their good example made me realize that I must give myself and my father work hard. Also, it makes me realize that every little I can do, helps in the purpose of Jehovah.

When he meets a bridge

But because of the place where I was placed, and the way they did things, there were times when I disagreed with them. So I had to find out how to take matters into my own hands. So when I got there, I made my decision. I knew that whatever decision we made, Jehovah could bless it; all we needed to do was to obey the direction of the congregation. So, whatever we did, if Jehovah did not know, we would not do it.

As Bethel treats me, every day I think about the teachings of the prophet Moses. Moses was a shepherd for 40 years, and all that time Jehovah helped him and kept him humble. My speech became like Moses; for the short time I went to him, I took my mind and became humble. But Bethel told me that I must give myself up and give myself to Jehovah. As Jehovah took Moses’ abode and looked after him, so in the years that have passed, Jehovah has taken my abode and looked after me.

JULY 2026 29

We watched Miwako’s parents die for about 24 years. We went to many churches, attended many services, and sometimes we just laughed. Miwako’s mother Masako’s illness was very severe, and it was hard for her to stand up. It was not easy for Masako to go to school and to preach. Even after she died, she still lived in her house. But after all this suffering, her love for Jehovah did not wane. Every time she spoke about the truth, I could see her eyes lightening. Masako was a person who loved what she had most. Moreover, after all the hardships she encountered, she went on to serve Jehovah joyfully. This is something I want to learn.

In 2024, a major change occurred in our lives. We had been serving at Bethel for more than 30 years, and the congregation chose us to be full-time ministers. So now, we are serving on the island of Okinawa, and we have had the opportunity to testify to such poor communities nearby. The time we spent at Bethel helped us a lot, so when it was said that we would be full-time ministers, we accepted. We tried to organize ourselves and use our time well, so that we could devote ourselves to the preaching work. Jehovah blessed us with Bible students with whom we became like a family. At that time, we knew that the most important thing was to love people. Each day, Miwako and I prayed to Jehovah that he would give us this task.

MY LOVE FOR GOD HAS PROTECTED ME

Yes, my enemies will rise against me again, and none of them will testify against me in the truth. Jesus said, “Whoever forsakes his own house and father and mother and children and sisters and brothers and sisters and father and mother and children and sisters and brothers and sisters and mother and mother and children and sisters and brothers and sisters and mother and mother and children and sisters and brothers and sisters and mother and mother and children and sisters and brothers and sisters and mother and mother and children and sisters and sisters and mother and mother and children and mother and mother and children and mother and mother and children and children and mother and mother and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children and children

The book of truth that Wilson gave me was right there. That book, whenever I looked at it, reminded me of the way that Jehovah had helped me through my trials. (1 Kings 28:9) But I wanted to ask Jehovah to continue to strengthen me, and to answer my parents so that they might know the truth and have eternal life.

Working at the Japan Betel

Miwako and I were preaching in Okinawa

30 OCTOBER

Yɛ Ntɛm Na Wo Ne Wo Nua No Nsiesie Mo Ntam!

DO YOU THINK Jehovah’s Witnesses have done something to you that has ruined your relationship with them? If so, don’t worry; you and your brother or sister can make amends and maintain peace.*

For example, if a person has a sore throat, the doctor should tell him to sit down so that the sore throat will go away. If the person sits down with the doctor, the sore throat will go away, and the sore throat will not go away.

Just as a sick person goes to the doctor immediately, so we should go to the doctor immediately if we have a problem with a Christian brother or sister. If we don’t, we may end up putting him or her on the sideline, and our relationship will be ruined. Jesus told us that if we have a problem with someone, we should ‘solve it immediately.’ (Matt. 5:25) So if you have a problem with your brother or sister, go to him or her and discuss it with him or her. But that’s not enough. Let’s consider two reasons why we say this.

First, you may not like what you see, and you may want to talk about it and try to fix it. So you may want to keep an eye on it.# Look at Eudokia and Syntyche; they may have a mind-me-do-it-yourself attitude

* If a dispute arises between us and a brother or sister, we should discuss it with him or her alone, and forgive him or her without hesitation. (Matt. 5:23, 24) But if we have committed a serious sin, we may need to seek counsel from the elders of the congregation. (Matt. 18:17) Before we do so, we should first see if Matthew 18:15, 16 applies. If not, then we may seek counsel from the elders of the congregation.

# If a Christian brother or sister has something to say to you, and if it is not a big deal, you can ignore it.—Proverbs 26:20

It seems that the dispute had subsided, because even the apostle Paul in Rome spoke of it. He urged them to make an effort to reconcile and not to resent one another. (Phil. 4:2) If they are to be friends again, they must be gentle with each other, each one remorseful toward the other, and each one forgiving the other.

In the second case, you may think that it is your brother who is wrong, so he should forgive you. But not what he says is what you need, but what you need is that your relationship becomes better. The doctor who is treating someone with a sore throat, what he wants is that the sore throat will go away, and not what made the sore throat and he focuses his attention on. So if you and your brother go to a dispute, it is not then that you will say what is wrong or what is wrong. Instead, consider how you and your brother are human beings, and that is what you need to do to make your relationship become better.

If your Christian brother or sister has done something to you, why do you and your brother or sister make amends in this way? The Bible says: “Let no evil remain until evil is done.” (Eph. 4:26) If you do everything you can to make amends with your brother or sister, you will help to preserve “the evil spirit” forever.—Eph. 4:1-3.

JULY 2026 31

YOU ARE GETTING TO KNOW JEHOVAH’S WORDS

July 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 7 TWI

WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS ARTICLE?

Adesua Asɛm a yebesua no September 7-13 | 2 Sua Biribi Fi Gibeonfo No Hɔ

Study Topics September 14-20 | 8 Isaiah’s Words Can Help Your Heart

Study Items September 21-27 | 14 Come and See Jehovah’s Love

Study Items September 28–October 4 | 20 Good Answers That Prove Jehovah’s Love

CHAPTER 7 | 26 Jehovah’s Mother Protected Me

Yɛ Ntɛm Na Wo Ne Wo Nua No Nsiesie Mo Ntam! | 31

ADESUA HO NYANSAHYƐ

What Helps Us Become Stronger Mothers

(Heb. 10:24, 25) What will help us to be able to give an encouraging answer?

• Pray to Jehovah. Ask him to help you and give answers that will please him, and encourage others to do the same.—Deuteronomy 35:18.

Try to read the answer from the book. If you answer with your own words, it will strengthen the answer and show that you have faith in Jehovah.

• Be sure of your answers. If you go to a meeting and you are given an answer you don’t know what it is, it makes the meeting more frustrating. It also makes many people feel uncomfortable.—Proverbs 10:19.

• Make your answer to the question clear. If you have an answer, tell it to the brothers or in front of them.

If you are called upon to answer, you can encourage them. What do you do? If someone refuses to answer, listen to them and then support them.—Proverbs 10:21.

Don’t forget to donate. Jehovah’s Witnesses support the Bible teaching work around the world. To donate, please visit donate.jw.org.

All biblical references in this book are taken from the New World Translation, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website in Twi, or scan your text here.

JW.ORG

w26.07-TW