JANUARY 2026

CONTACT

THE FAMILY OF JEHOVAH’S WIFE

2026 GOALS:

“Blessed are those who know that they need spiritual things.”—MATTHEW 5:3.

HERE: MARCH 2–APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

HADZIDZI 97

The Word of God Lives

TADJIKISTAN

In this article, we will look at some of the things Jehovah has given us to enjoy, and how we can use them to our advantage.

Looking at Your ‘Emergency Needs’

2026 GOALS:

“Blessed are those who know that they need spiritual things.”—MATTHEW 5:3.

For example, in order to survive, we need food, clothing, and shelter. If we lack any of these essentials for even a short time, life would be difficult. While these physical necessities are essential to life, Jehovah knows that we also need spiritual necessities. (Read Matthew 5:3.) If we want to find true joy in life, we must recognize these needs and provide for them.

2 What does it mean to be ‘known to be in need of spiritual things’? The Greek word describes a person who is begging for the Spirit. The word refers to a man who is in need. He is sick, he is in pain, and he lies on the street, and no one speaks to him. Because he has no place, he is hungry during the day and thirsty during the night. Everyone knows that in order to be in need in life, he needs the help of others, and that is why he should be helped. So too should the one who is known to be in need of spiritual things or who is begging for the Spirit be helped. Such people will willingly accept and act on anything that Jehovah gives to help those who love him.

3 In this article, we will first look at what we can learn from

1. What are the basic needs of mankind? (Matthew 5:3)

2. Give an example of what it means to focus on one’s ‘spiritual needs’.

3. What will we discuss in this article?

2

The Phoenician woman who wanted Jesus to help her stood up, refused, and showed faith.

(See Figure 5)

The story of the Phoenician woman who asked Jesus for help focuses on three characteristics of those who know they are in spiritual need. We can learn from the Apostle Peter, the Apostle Paul, and King David.

DOKUIBOBO, TAMANAMANA, AND JOSE’S SON

4 One day a Phoenician woman came to Jesus. ‘My daughter is severely tormented by evil spirits.’ (Matt. 15:21-28) So the woman came to Jesus and pleaded with him for help. This Phoenician woman who came to Jesus demonstrates some important characteristics. Let us consider some of them.

5 The Phoenician woman truly humbled herself. Why do we say this? Because Jesus used a parable and in the parable, he used the woman as an example, which is an important example for non-Jews. The woman was not upset that Jesus used her as an example. If she were, would she be encouraged? Would she let Jesus help her? The Phoenician woman did not do that. Not only did she not humble herself, but she also did not give up. This is part of how she continued to ask Jesus to help her. What did she do that she did not give up? She had faith. The woman believed Jesus so strongly that even though Jesus had said that He was sent to “the sheep of Israel,” He helped her. It was the faith of the woman that drove out the unclean spirit from her daughter.

6 In order to satisfy our spiritual needs, it is essential that we also possess these essential qualities.

4. What did the Phoenician woman tell Jesus?

5. What important traits did the woman exhibit, and how did Jesus help her? (See also illustration.)

6. What do we learn from the story of the Phoenician woman?

JANUARY 2026 3

(Matt. 24:45-47) Jehovah and his Son are pleased to help those who exhibit these characteristics. (Compare with James 1:5-7.) Let us now consider how Jehovah spiritually equips us, how he helps us develop our new nature, and how he cares for us. However, examining the examples of Peter, Paul, and King David will help us see what we need to do to benefit from Jehovah’s intercession.

SRÕ MAWU ƑE NYAA ABE PETRO ENE

7 Consider the example of the apostle Peter. He was among the first Jews to recognize Jesus as the Messiah. They saw that Jehovah was using him to speak “words of eternal life” to people. (John 6:66-68) After Jesus’ resurrection from the dead, he told Peter: “Feed my sheep.” (John 21:17) Peter did this faithfully and Jehovah God used him to write two letters that became part of the Bible. But Peter himself needed to eat spiritual food, or study God’s Word carefully. For example, he studied the Bible books written by the spirit-filled Paul. (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) But Peter clearly did not give in. He believed that Jehovah would help him to overcome or understand the “hard foods” in Paul’s letter. —Read Hebrews 5:14–6:1.

8 Because of his strong faith in Jehovah, Peter obeyed the commands. For example, while in Joppa, he received a vision of an angel telling him to eat the wolves that the Law of Moses forbade the Jews to eat. Peter, who was a Jew, must have thought that the command was inadequate. At first, Peter replied: “Yes, Lord, for I have never eaten anything common or unclean.” The angel of God said to him: “Beware of calling the things about which God commands as common.” (Acts 10:9-15) Peter agreed and changed his mind. What did we do? Shortly after the vision, three men came to Peter. (Acts 10:28, 29) But when Jehovah made it clear to Peter that he wanted all people to hear the good news, Peter immediately repented to Jehovah. (Acts 4:18) He went to preach to Cornelius and his household, and they were encouraged when they received the good news. God sent the holy spirit upon them, and they were baptized.—Acts 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, we need to study God’s Word. Often, we enjoy reading simple passages of God’s Word. But it is important that we also study the details of God’s Word. We need to set aside time to study God’s Word.

7. What was given to Peter, but what was required of him? (Hebrews 5:14–6:1)

8. When God, through His angel, gave Peter a new understanding, what did Peter do?

9. In what two ways do we benefit from learning the truths of God’s Word?

4 CONTACTS

Why is this important? It will help us in two ways. First, it will help us learn more about Jehovah, which will increase our love and respect for him. Second, it will encourage us to share with others the wonderful things we have learned about our living Father. (Rom. 11:33; Rev. 4:11) Another lesson we can learn from Peter’s example is that when Jehovah’s mercy makes changes in the way we understand some part of his Word, we should immediately adapt our attitudes and practices. These important things will help us to continue to serve Jehovah faithfully and to be used by him.

SRƆ̃ PAULO NÀDO AMENYENYE YEYE LA

10 To please God, we must put on the new man. What does that mean? The apostle Paul said: “Put off the old man... and put on the new man.” (Col. 3:8-10) It takes time and effort to put on the new man to please God. Consider Paul himself. In his youth, he did many things with the intention of pleasing God. (Gal. 1:14; Phil. He himself describes himself as “the father of all fathers.”—1 Tim. 1:13.

11 Before Paul became a Christian, he was very angry. The book of Acts tells us that Paul was angry with Jesus’ disciples to such an extent that “he uttered blasphemous and murderous spirits.” (Acts 9:1) It is not unlikely that after Paul became a Christian, he tried to control his anger and became a despondent man. (Eph. 4:22, 31) However, when there was a dispute between Paul and Barnabas, “they were very angry with one another.” (Acts 15:37-39) In this instance, Paul did not do what God wanted him to do. But he did not give up. He continued to overcome those difficulties to please Jehovah.—1 Cor. 9:27.

12 Paul was able to overcome his weaknesses and become a new person because he did not rely on himself. (Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul relied on “the power that comes from God.” (1 Pet. 4:11) However, Paul’s failures sometimes caused him to lose heart. But when he did, he reflected on the good things that Jehovah had done for him. This strengthened his resolve to continue doing things that pleased him.—Rom.

13 No matter how long we have been serving Jehovah, we need to continue to follow Paul’s example of letting go of our old self and putting on the new self that comes from God. It may happen that some unusual characteristics appear. For example, if we get angry or speak ill of someone, we should not think that we have lost our temper. Rather, we should resolve to make changes in our attitudes and behavior. (Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph.

10. According to Colossians 3:8-10, what should we do to please Jehovah?

11. What kind of poverty did Paul strive to overcome? Yes.

12. What helped Paul to overcome his difficulties?

13. How can we learn from Paul?

JANUARY 2026 5

We need to continue to study God’s Word so that Jehovah will guide us, that we will demonstrate Jehovah’s characteristics, and that we will rely on him to take care of us.

(See Figure 18.)

In doing so, we should keep this important fact in mind: If we want our character to grow, we must strive to understand and live according to Jehovah’s standards.

LEARN ABOUT DAVID’S RELATIONSHIP WITH JEHOVAH

14 In order to find true joy, we need not only to study God’s Word and strive to develop a new personality. We also need Jehovah’s care. In what ways does Jehovah care for us, and what can we do to help him care for us?

15 King David was confident that Jehovah would stand by him in difficult situations. (Read Psalm 27:5.) How does Jehovah stand by his servants today? Jehovah stands by his people from anything that could upset their faith. He promises that no burden will ever be too heavy on them. (Ps. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Satan, evil spirits, and those who persecute us have power, but Jehovah is stronger than they. Even if we are killed, Jehovah will raise us up. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Rev. 21:3, 4) Even when we are overwhelmed and despondent, Jehovah strengthens us so that we can persevere. (Lod. 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) He also gives us elders to instruct us and help us grow in faith. (Isa. 32:1, 2) In addition, we learn what we can do so that Jehovah will help us and take care of us.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

16 When David turned to Jehovah, he did everything in his power to help him understand what pleased him. (Compare Proverbs 5:1, 2.) However, when David did not obey Jehovah’s commands, he—

14-15. In what ways does Jehovah look after his people? (Psalm 27:5) (See also the picture in the box.)

16. In what ways did Jehovah help David?

6 CONTACTS

(2 Sam. 12:9, 10) But what about the times when David was troubled by the behavior of others? In those times, David prayed to Jehovah and told him what was going on in his heart, and Jehovah comforted David and reaffirmed his love for him.—Ps. 23:1-6.

17 We can follow David’s example of obeying Jehovah’s guidance so that we can make sound decisions. We must remember that if we do not obey Jehovah, we will not avoid the consequences of our wrong decisions. (Gal. 6:7, 8) However, it may happen that we obey Jehovah but struggle. In those difficult times, we can pray to Jehovah to help us be encouraged. He will comfort us and show us that he loves us.—Phil. 4:6, 7.

YOU WILL NEVER KNOW WHEN YOU WILL HAVE TO RETURN TO ‘MENU’.

18 The 2026 theme says: “Blessed are those who know that they need spiritual things.” This is more important today than at any other time. Why? Because many people today do not recognize that they need God’s guidance. Some believe in God but refuse to serve him in a way that suits them. Others rely on human influences that make them unhappy. We must not allow our actions to influence us. What can we do to continue to rely on Jehovah? We must continue to study God’s Word. We must continue to pray. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must continue to study the Bible. We must

MARCH 9-15, 2026

HADZIDZI 45 Nye Ŋugbledede Nedze Ŋuwò

TIP This article will help you understand what to do if a situation makes you feel sad or depressed.

How to Overcome the Fear of Losing Your Job

“O my mercies!”—ROM. 7:24.

When you hear the name of the Apostle Paul, what do you think of him? Do you think of him as a good evangelist, a bad minister, or a good Bible writer? Yes, he was. But sometimes he was overwhelmed and depressed. It seems that these feelings plagued Paul as they plague many of us today.

2. Read Romans 7:21-24. In his letter to the Romans, Paul describes how he felt. Many of us feel the same way. Although Paul was a true Christian, he was in a state of intense jealousy. He was eager to do God’s will, but at the same time, he had to contend with jealousy and evil desires.

3 Even though Paul was experiencing these emotions, he did not let them take over his mind. This fact will help us answer the following questions: What made Paul feel “pity”? How did he deal with his feelings of sorrow? And what can help us to deal with our own feelings of sorrow?

WHO IS PAULO LÉ BLANUI HEAƉEWOƔI?

4 And the things that happened were these: Paul, who was surnamed Saul,

* DEPRESSION: In this context, the term "depression" refers to feelings of occasional depression or sadness. It does not refer to acute depression, which is a disease that should be treated.

1-2. How did the Apostle Paul sometimes feel, and how does his situation compare to ours today? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What will we discuss in this article? (See also “Redemption.”)

4. What did Paul do that caused him so much grief?

8

(Acts 7:58; 8:1) At the same time, he was actively promoting the Christian faith.—Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

5 After becoming a Christian, Paul was deeply saddened by what was happening. As time went on, his role in the Christian church continued to grow. For example, in his first letter to the Corinthians in AD 55, he said: “I am not even called an apostle, because I am a servant of God for the church.” (1 Cor. 15:9) Five years later, in a letter to the Ephesians, he described himself as “the gentlest of all the saints.” (Eph. 3:8) When Paul was writing to Timothy, he described him as a “good preacher and a gentle man.” (1 Tim. 1:13) Consider how Paul felt when he visited the churches and met with those who followed him in vain or those who followed him in vain.

6 Something in the flesh. Paul used the word “something in the flesh” to describe something that was pressing on him. (2 Cor. 12:7) The apostle did not say exactly what it was, but the words he used seem to indicate something corrupting, something in his heart that was hurting him, or something else that was causing him sorrow.*

(Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or else, Paul may have been upset by what the false prophets were saying about him. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) Although Paul was not upset, he was sometimes depressed.

5. How did the things Paul did before he became a Christian influence him?

6. What else did Paul fear? (See also caption.)

(Read Romans 7:18, 19.) He said that although he wanted to do the right thing, he sometimes did the wrong thing. He recognized that it was necessary to fight against evil desires in order to do what was right in God’s sight. But Paul did not let this dampen his spirit. (1 Cor. 9:27) Imagine how he would feel when he was forced to do what he was trying to avoid!

PAULO WAS THE ONE WHO WENT TO THE WORLD AS THE ONE WHO WENT TO THE WORLD

8 Paul’s letters to the Galatians encouraged him to reflect on how the gift of God’s spirit could help him and his fellow Christians to overcome evil desires. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul frequently discusses the desires and behaviours that Christians should avoid in order to remain faithful to Jehovah. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) It is clear that Paul was reflecting on his own weaknesses, seeking guidance from the Scriptures, and identifying what he could do to overcome them. We can therefore be confident that he himself followed the advice he gave us to remain faithful to God.

9 Though Paul was occasionally discouraged, he still had a positive attitude that gave him many pleasures. For example, he enjoyed hearing good news about the churches. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) He also enjoyed the friendship he had with the brethren.

7. What made it difficult for Paul to do the right thing sometimes? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What did Paul do that helped him overcome his difficulties?

9-10. When Paul spoke from his heart, what helped him? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also illustration.)

JANUARY 2026 9

(2 Tim. 1:4) And he knew that he was serving Jehovah with joy. Indeed, Paul enjoyed serving God with “a pure heart.” (2 Tim. 1:3) Even after Paul was imprisoned in Rome, he encouraged his fellow believers: “Rejoice in the Lord.” (Phil. 4:4) As you read Paul’s writings, you will see that he did not always allow problems or shortcomings to depress him. It is clear that when things that encouraged him came to mind, he immediately put them aside and focused on the right things.

(Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7.) This reminded Paul that Jehovah loved him so much that he gave his Son for his sake. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Despite his imperfections and shortcomings, Paul was able to carry out “the holy service of God” with joy.—Heb. 9:12-14.

11 Like Paul, we may be making mistakes in our hearts. It may be that we have attitudes, behaviors, or actions that do not please Jehovah. This can cause us to feel sorry for ourselves like Paul did. Eliza, a sister in her 20s, says: “When I think about what Paul went through, it encourages me. And I was reminded that Jehovah knows the feelings of his servants.” Like Paul, what can we do to keep our consciences clear and our hearts joyful even when we are sometimes plagued by negative emotions?

* Some names changed.

11. Why is the example of Paul encouraging?

NU SIWO AKPE ĐE MÍA ŊU MÍAĐU SESELELÃME SIWO ĐEA FU NA MÍ DZI

12 Continue to do the things that will keep your relationship with Jehovah healthy. Doing things that bring us closer to Jehovah helps us to focus on good things. We can compare these things to the things we do to keep ourselves healthy. For example, eating right, exercising regularly, and drinking enough water keep us healthy. Likewise, reading God’s Word regularly, preparing for and attending meetings, and participating in the preaching work keep our hearts cheerful and our minds joyful. Doing these things strengthens us and helps us to overcome negative thoughts.—Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 Consider Brother John, who was diagnosed with severe cancer at the age of 39. At first, he was terrified and depressed. He asked himself, ‘How is it that I am doing this evil thing and I haven’t gone anywhere?’ At that time, his son was only three years old. What helped John not to become depressed? He said: “Despite what I have, I make sure that we as a family always do what we have to do for Jehovah. We go to all the meetings and preach weekly, and we keep our friendships strong even though it’s not always easy.” As John reflects on what he’s been through, he says: “When you face difficult situations, it can be devastating and depressing. But I see that when that happens, Jehovah strengthens us and shows that he loves us. He will strengthen you too.”

14 Sister Eliza, who was mentioned earlier, says: “When I was younger, I used to go to church.

12. What are the benefits of doing what is good for our relationship with Jehovah?

13-14. How have our commitments to Jehovah helped some faithful Christians?

10 CONTACTS

Though Paul's suffering sometimes intensified, meditation on the atonement helped him overcome those feelings (See Figures 9-10).

It encourages me.” Brother Nolan, who serves as a branch president in Africa, describes what helped him and his wife, Diane. He says: “We pray, we study the Bible, and we continue to attend meetings and to eat even when we feel down. Jehovah helps us whenever we are happy. It’s in our minds that Jehovah will hear us and help us; we don’t know exactly how, but we know that he will.”

15 There are other things we can do when we are sad. For example: Let’s say you’re depressed. For some people, it’s necessary to walk every day to get a good night’s sleep. But to feel better, you need to do more than that. You need to know what’s causing you to be depressed, and you need to see a doctor. Likewise, to know how to deal with your feelings, you need to learn from the Bible and Bible-based literature, and you need to explain your situation to a Christian who is weak in faith. There are some important things that can help you.

16 Pray to Jehovah to help you know exactly what you need. King David was convinced that Jehovah knew him better. He asked Jehovah to help him know what made his “heart rejoice.” (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You, too, can pray to Jehovah to help you identify the causes of your grief and what you can do to calm your mind.

15. What steps do we need to take to cope with emotions of anger? Give an example.

16. What will help you to identify what causes you to be afflicted by evil thoughts? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

JANUARY 2026 11

"He said, "I was in many difficult situations at once." - "He said, "I was": E-g-b-l-ɔ b-e-: “-M-e-t-o (opening double quote). - "it was": s-e-s-ẽ (tilde on e). - "it was": g-e-ɖ-e. - "it was": ɣ-e-y-i-ɣ-i. - "it was": ɖ-e-k-a. - "That's why I learned from Hiob. I was in many difficult situations at once" - "I learned": m-e-s-r-ɔ̃. - "Eto nɔnɔme sesẽ geɖe me si" - ends mid-sentence at "si" because the paragraph continues on the next page (page 13). Now Questions at the bottom: Question 17:

17. What techniques can you use to do self-study so that you can focus on your tasks? (See also photo.) - "17. What techniques can you use to do self-study so that you can focus on your tasks? (See also photo.)" - "nàte": n-à-t-e. - "azã": a-z-ã. - "tsɔ": a-t-s-ɔ. - "wɔ": a-w-ɔ. - "ɖokuisinusɔsrɔ̃": de-hyphenated from "ɖokuisinusɔ-" / "srɔ̃". - "nànɔ": n-à-n-ɔ. -

Even though I don’t know what caused him to be so sad, he continues to turn to Jehovah for help.” (Job 42:1-6) Sister Diane, who we talked about earlier, says: “My husband and I have been studying the book Turn to Jehovah. It’s been very encouraging to learn that just as a man turns to a tree for help, so Jehovah is turning to us. When we turn away from our worries, we are reminded that Jehovah is turning away from us and helping us to turn away from our human nature. This strengthens us and makes our relationship with him closer.”—Isa. 64:8.

HOW TO MAKE YOUR WIFE KNOW THAT JEHOVAH IS YOUR FRIEND

19 When we apply ourselves to self-study because of the wisdom we have learned,

19. How do we sometimes feel about ourselves, but where do we end up?

As we learned in this article, we can sometimes be overwhelmed by negative emotions. But when we do, we can be confident that Jehovah will help us to divert our thoughts from them and to remain focused on them. As a result, for much of our daily lives, we will be more happy because we are doing things that please Jehovah and have a good relationship with him.

20 Let us resolve not to let our problems, past experiences, or failures detract from our joy. Jehovah will help us to keep our spirits high when we are depressed. —Ps. 143:10.

MARCH 16-22, 2026

HADZIDZI 20

Ètsɔ Viwò Lɔlɔ̃a Na

TAÐODZINUA

In this article, we will examine how atonement can help Jehovah forgive our sins, make us more perfect, and strengthen our relationship with him.

Nu Si Tae Míehiã Tafea

“Who can save me from this world?”—ROMANS 7:24.

The story is about a man whose house has collapsed. He is still alive, but he cannot walk on the broken stones. The only thing he can do is to cry and wait for the building to collapse.

2 Each of us is in the same condition. In what way? When Adam disobeyed his Creator, he became sinful. We, his descendants, also became sinful. This made the whole human race sinful. And like the man with the broken legs, we cannot escape from sin by ourselves. We need help. In the letter that the Apostle Paul wrote to the Romans, he describes how the sin that we have in us causes us to become sinful. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) He desperately needed someone to rescue him from “this world.” Paul realized that he could not survive under the power of sin, which led him to death. (Rom. 6:23) We are in the same situation. And we need someone to rescue us!

3 After describing his miserable situation, Paul lamented: “Who will deliver me from this darkness?” The words that followed gave us hope. He said: “Thanks be to God through our Lord Jesus Christ!” (Rom. 7:25) Paul was referring to the sacrifice of Jesus.

* Sacrifice: The sacrifice of Jesus Christ is the sacrifice that He paid for the redemption of mankind from sin and death.

1-2. Where do we need to be delivered, and why? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also figure.)

3. How do I get a visa?

14

Just as a man with a broken heart needs help, so our sinful nature requires someone to come to our aid (See Figures 1-2).

Considering these facts will help us to love Jehovah, “the God of hope.” (Rom. 15:13) It will also help us to appreciate Jesus, “through whom [God] has given us life.” —Col. 1:14.

I KNOW THAT JEHOVAH WILL HELP MY FAMILY

4 In order for Jehovah to forgive us for our sins, we need atonement. Because we are imperfect, we all sin or make mistakes in our words and actions. (Read Ecclesiastes 7:20.) Some sins are “sinners of remembrance.” For example, under the Law of Moses, it was punishable by death to hurt or kill someone. (Leviticus 20:10; Numbers 35:30, 31) Some sins are not so serious; however, sin is a sin. For example, the Psalmist David said: “Take heed to my ways, that I sin not with my brother.” (Ps. 39:1) This implies that even some of our words can be sinful.—James 3:2.

5 Think about what you have said and done in the past. Have you ever said something that made you angry? Have you ever felt hurt? The answer to both questions is undoubtedly yes. The Bible says: “If we say, ‘We have no sin,’ we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.”—1 John 1:8.

6 Jehovah sent Jesus to die on our behalf so that He could continue to forgive us for our sins. (Eph. 1:7) However, this does not mean that Jehovah rejects the punishment of our sins as if it were a matter of pity. In fact, it does not please Jehovah when we sin. (Isa. 59:2) Since Jehovah is a God of just judgment, He needs to do something to forgive us for our sins.

7 The Law of Moses commanded the children of Israel to offer sacrifices of oxen to atone for their sins.

4-5. Why do we all need to be washed? (Ecclesiastes 7:20)

6-7. How does God forgive us our sins? (See also figure.)

JANUARY 2026 15

(Leviticus 4:27-31; 17:11) Those sacrifices were a prefiguration of the future sacrifice of Jesus and of the benefits it would bring. The sacrifice of Jesus is what Jehovah depends on for the forgiveness of our sins. Paul recognized the benefits that would result from the sacrifice of Jesus, and this is evident in his letter to the Corinthians. After describing the evil practices to which they had committed themselves, he said: “I have shed blood for you; I am shed blood for you; I have justified you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and in the Spirit of our God.”—1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 As you prepare for the six-year Memorial, take time to reflect on how Jehovah’s forgiveness has benefited you. For example, because of the atonement, you no longer have to repent of your past sins. But what if you are forced to believe that Jehovah has forgiven you for your past sins? Perhaps you have said to yourself,

8. As you prepare for the Sixth Anniversary, what can you think about?

‘I know that Jehovah forgives, but I cannot forgive myself.’ If you think so, remember that it is Jehovah who forgives sin, and he has given his Son the power to judge us. Jehovah does not delegate to you or to anyone else the task of deciding who he will have mercy on or who he will not have mercy on. The Bible says: “If we are walking in error as [Jehovah] himself is in error,... the death of his Son Jesus takes away every sin from us.” (1 John 1:6, 7) We should take this as we take other Bible teachings. This is what Jehovah depends on to forgive our sins, and his Word says that he “pleases in forgiveness.”—Ps. 86:5.

OUR REGIONS HAVE DIFFERENT CULTURES AND TRADITIONS.

9 In the Bible, the word “evil” indicates the doing of evil, and it refers to the whole-

9. In the Bible, what does the word “evil” mean? (Psalm 51:5 and note)

The sacrifice of animals by the Israelites for their sins was a prefiguration of the sacrifice of Jesus and the blessings that would follow.

(See figures 6-7)

16 TAB

(Read Psalm 51:5 and Proverbs 27:11.) This condition causes our bodies to grow weak and to sin occasionally. Also, our bodies do not function properly as Jehovah would have them; we grow weak, sick, and die. This explains why even babies who have never sinned grow weak, and why both good and evil people die. All the descendants of Adam came into this miserable condition.

10 Consider how sin damaged Adam and Eve. Sin caused them to suffer from bad feelings. Once rebellious, their consciences were hurt by their disobedience to Jehovah’s command. (Rom. 2:15) They immediately realized that something had changed. They felt that they needed to repent, and they began to pray to their Creator. (Gen. 3:7, 8) This was the first time that Adam and Eve complained to themselves, and they became depressed, self-conscious, grieved, and angry. Those feelings continued to hurt them until they died.—Gen. 3:16-19.

11 Because we are imperfect, we sometimes reproach ourselves, feel guilty, and become despondent. It’s natural to feel overwhelmed and upset. No matter how much we strive to live a good life, we still face problems that we can’t control. Why? The Bible says that “creature is subjected to sin.” (Rom. 8:20) This is true for individuals and for society as a whole. For example, consider the efforts of mankind to bring justice to the earth, to eradicate evil, to put an end to war, and to promote peace among nations. In spite of all these efforts, only for a moment. How can we be freed from the sin that is in us?

12 Faith gives us the hope that “creation will be delivered from the slavery of wickedness.” (Rom. 8:21) This means that when we enter perfect paradise, we will be free from sin and powerless. We will not blame ourselves or be helpless, and we will not despair. Yet, “the Lord” Jesus Christ, who paid the price for us, will reign. He will help mankind to solve all their problems.—Isa. 9:6, 7.

13 Imagine what life will be like when you are fully grown. You will be healthy every day, and you will not have to worry that you or your loved ones will not have enough to eat, or that they will get sick or die. Even now, your heart can be comforted to a certain extent if you continue to hold on to “the hope we have for our souls, which is uncertain but sure.” (Heb. 6:18, 19) Just like holding on to a boat, your hope can strengthen your faith and help you to be courageous in all circumstances. Indeed, you can rely on Jehovah’s help for “those who love him earnestly.”

10. How did sin affect Adam and Eve?

11. How do we feel about ourselves?

12. What opportunities are available to me?

13. What else can you think about as you prepare for the annual Memorial?

JANUARY 2026 17

It is only by obeying Jesus’ commands that we can have a close relationship with Jehovah. (See Appendix 16.)

(Heb. 11:6) Because of this, we are comforted now, and we have hope for the future.

OUR WEBSITE IS RESTRICTED WITH A CLICK OF A BUTTON.

(Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because Jehovah is perfect and unwilling to commit sin. The Bible says of Jehovah: “Your eyes are too blind to see evil, and your eyes are too narrow to see wickedness.” (Hab. 1:13) Sin has become like a great wall between man and God. Our relationship with Jehovah could not be good without this wall. Sin has become a barrier, making it impossible for us to obey Jehovah.

15 The Bible says that Jesus is “the propitiation for our sins.” (1 John 2:2) How does the sacrifice of Jesus atone between us and Jehovah? We must know that the death of Jesus did not grieve Jehovah in any way. However, since Jehovah is the just Judge, he needs something to make amends between him and mankind, and to put an end to evil. (Rom. 3:23-26) Jehovah was able to justify even his servants who lived before the death of Jesus. (Genesis 15:1, 6) How does this look like? Jehovah relied on righteousness. Jehovah was confident that his Son would atone for all sins. (Isa. 46:10) The covenant is a way for mankind to be in harmony with God.

16 Consider the benefits you’re seeing as you get closer to God. For example, you may be able to refer to Jehovah as “My Love,” just as Jesus taught us. (Matt. 6:9) Sometimes, you may even be able to refer to Jehovah as “My Friend.” When we refer to Jehovah as “My Love” or “My Friend,” we should do so with humility and respect.

14. How does sin separate us from our Creator, and why?

15. What is the result of a marriage?

16. What else can you think about as you prepare to attend the Memorial? (See also the figure.)

18 FOLDER

Why? Because we are sinful, it is not from ourselves that our relationship with Jehovah has been set right. Instead, he has opened the way for us to have this relationship. Through Jesus, Jehovah ‘reconciliates himself with all things, making peace through the blood of Christ at the altar.’ (Col. 1:19, 20) That is why we can be Jehovah’s friends even though we are imperfect.

HELP FROM GOD'S FATHER

17 Tabitha shows that Jehovah’s “mercy is near.” “Even though we are dead in our sins, he gives us life.” (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Like the man with the broken bones who could not control himself, humble people recognize that they are under the power of sin and need someone to deliver them. They cry out for help. (Acts 13:48) Through the good news of the Kingdom, Jehovah is helping people to learn about him and his Son.

17. How does atonement demonstrate Jehovah’s compassion? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

(John 17:3) When Satan thought that Adam’s and Eve’s fall would disrupt God’s purposes, he was right.

18 As we consider the benefits of redemption, we should also keep in mind the purpose for which Jehovah made the atonement. We should not think that Jehovah did this only for our benefit, but rather we should remember that it was because of redemption that Jehovah rejected Satan’s allegations in the Garden of Eden. (Genesis 3:1-5, 15) Jehovah used redemption to prove that Satan’s claims about him were false. He also made the atonement to free us from sin and death so that it would prove how much he loves us. Despite our sinfulness, Jehovah has given us the opportunity to prove that Satan’s accusations against him are false. (Prov. 27:11) How can you show that you appreciate the atonement? We will find the answer in the next section.

18. What should we keep in mind when considering baptism?

ALEKE TAFEA WƆE BE...

■ Can Jehovah forgive our sins?

■ Do I have any hope that I will survive?

■ Can humans and God be mutually exclusive?

HADZIDZI 19

Food for Thought

MARCH 23-29, 2026

HADZIDZI 18 Akpedada Ɖe Tafea Ta

APPRECIATION This article will help us all see how we can show appreciation for gifts.

How Does It Show That It Helps?

“The love of Christ compels us.”—2 CORINTHIANS 5:14.

IF you are broken and someone comes to take you, don’t you say thank you? Saying thank you is a way to show appreciation for what someone has done for you, even if it wasn’t you alone.

2 As we saw in the previous paragraph, we cannot save ourselves from the sin that is in us. However, Jesus’ sacrifice can be sufficient for us because it ensures that (1) Jehovah forgives our sins, (2) we have a hope of perfection, and (3) we can have a close relationship with God. It gives us the hope of eternal life in Jehovah’s promised new world. Indeed, Jesus loved humanity before he came to earth, but his love for us is most evident in the fact that he gave his life for us. —Lod. 8:30, 31) The apostle Paul said that “the love of Christ compels us.” (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) This means that we should only do what Jesus wants, show appreciation for the love he has shown us, and never be ungrateful for what he has done for us.

3 What can you do to show appreciation for the gift? Your response may be different from that of others. Let’s use this example: Let’s say three people are traveling to the same place, but they choose different destinations. They take different routes to reach their destination. In this case, what each of us does to show appreciation for the gift may be different. It depends on our relationship with Jehovah. For this reason, the answers to the following questions are:

1-2. What does the sacrifice of Jesus require of us, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also figure.)

3. Why can the ways in which we show appreciation for the gift of salvation differ?

20

If someone rescues you from the brink of death, you’ll be grateful to them for saving your life. But isn’t it even more important to show Jehovah and Jesus our appreciation for their redemption from sin and death? (See enclosure 1-2.)

This will help us to see how different people express their appreciation for the gift: (1) Bible students, (2) Christian elders, and (3) people who are dedicated to serving Jehovah.

BIBLE NUSRÕVIWO

4 As you study the Bible, consider this: By studying the Bible to learn about Jehovah, you show that you are one of those who have committed themselves to a close relationship with him. (John 6:44; Acts 13:48) “Jehovah searches the hearts.” Therefore, he appreciates your efforts to serve him, and he is encouraged by the changes you are making to live according to what you are learning. (Prov. 17:3; 27:11) This opens the way for you to grow closer to Jehovah. (Rom. 5:10, 11) Never write this down.

5 As you study the Bible, how can you show appreciation for the gift? One way is to follow the advice of the apostle Paul to the Philippians. He said: “Let us not be concerned with where we are now, but let us strive for what is hereafter.” (Phil. 3:16) This means that you should not let anything get in the way of your walk in life.—Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 What should you do if you are struggling to accept a Bible doctrine that you have just learned? Study the doctrine and pray to Jehovah to help you understand it. (Ps. 86:11) If you are still struggling, you may be able to divert your thoughts from it, but don’t stop studying the Bible. What if you are struggling to refrain from doing something that Jehovah reproaches? Remember that Jehovah does not ask us to do something we can’t do. Don’t be afraid to live your life according to his standards. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) Jehovah himself has promised to help you. (Isa. 41:10, 13; 1 Cor. 10:13) So don’t be afraid. Don’t be overwhelmed by your problems. Instead, focus on all that Jehovah is doing for you, especially how he has helped you.

4. How does Jehovah treat Bible students?

5. How can Bible students apply the advice in Philippians 3:16?

6. What can Bible students do when they are pressured to make changes? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also photo.)

JANUARY 2026 21

Jehovah never asks us to do something we can’t do. He helps us to do what he wants us to do. (See picture 6.)

He has come for you. As your love for Jehovah grows, you will find that “the commandments are not heavy.”—1 John 5:3.*

7 But what about you young people whose parents are Jehovah’s Witnesses and are teaching you in the truth? You are also Bible students. In fact, you are your parents’ best Bible students. The Bible says: “Be faithful to God, and he will be faithful to you.” (James 4:8; 1 Chronicles 28:9) If you do the things that would make you be faithful to Jehovah, he will be faithful to you. Jehovah does not consider you to be only among people forever. He himself draws all people to himself, including those who are born of the truth. What makes you be faithful to Jehovah?

* To help you apply what you’re learning from the Bible, use the “I Want to Do This” box in the Enjoy Life Forever! booklet to complete each lesson.

7. What can young people who are born in the truth meditate on?

(Rom. 5:1, 2) So, before you attend each feast, why not ponder what Jesus’ words mean to you? May this encourage you to review your life and set goals that will show your appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you.*

CHRISTIAN LEADERSHIP

8 If you are a faithful Christian, you have already shown in many ways that you believe in the atonement. For example, you have stepped closer to Jehovah and are living up to his standards. You are obeying Jesus’ command to preach the good news and teaching others about Jehovah and Jesus. You have made a commitment to Jehovah and have been baptized. Do people trust you because you serve Jehovah? (2 Tim. 3:12) Your sincere submission shows that you love Jehovah and appreciate the sacrifice of his Son for us.—Heb. 12:2, 3.

9 Newly baptized people need to be vigilant. Why? It may happen that as new people come, our appreciation of the baptism decreases. Consider the Ephesian Christians in the first century. The resurrected Jesus praised them for their faith. But he also said to them: “I have one thing against you, that you have forsaken your first love.” —Rev. 2:3, 4.

* For advice that will help you grow closer to Jehovah, see the article “Young People—‘Keep Making a Difference’” in the December 2017 issue of The Watchtower.

8. How do baptized Christians show their appreciation for the baptism?

9. What should a newly baptized person be careful about?

22 CONTACTS

Each block preceded by `

If you joined paragraph 11, where would it be? In column 1? But half of it is in column 2! Wait, if you joined paragraph 11, where would it be? In column 1? But half of it is in column 2! Wait, if you joined paragraph 11, where would it be? In column 1? But half of it is in column 2! Wait, if you joined paragraph 11, where would it be? In column 1? But half of it is in column 2! Wait, if you joined paragraph 11, where would it be? In column 1? But half of it is in column 2! Wait, if you joined paragraph 11, where would it be? In column 1? But half of it is in column 2! Wait, if you joined paragraph 11, where would it be? In column 1? But half of it is in column 2! But half of it is in column 1! AND what would happen to Question 10 and Question 11-12? If you put them after Paragraph 11, you have jumped from Column 2 back to Column 1! That would NOT be "respect columns: finish one before the next"! "respect columns: finish one before the next" literally means: Finish the FIRST column, THEN go to the NEXT column! YES! That is the EXACT definition of: "respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next"! Let's re-read the exact words: "(respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)" Look at the phrasing: "finish one before the next"! "finish one [column] before the next [column]"! Finish column 1 before column 2! This phrasing was written specifically to prevent models from jumping across columns or re-ordering text across columns! When a paragraph splits across columns, in column-by-column extraction, each column's text block is output in that column! Wait, or does an OCR engine that does column reading order join paragraphs across columns? Wait! In standard OCR (Tesseract, Abbyy FineReader, Google Cloud Vision, Azure Read API): When Azure Read API or Google Cloud Vision processes a multi-column page: It extracts Column 1 top-to-bottom, then Column 2 top-to-bottom! In their output: Column 1: Block 1: Kristotɔ... Block 2: 10 Apostolo... Block 3: 11 Ne esena... Block 4: 10. Aleke... 11-12. Ne edzɔ... Column 2: Block 5: Caption Block 6: ye dzi o... Block 7: 12 Ɣeaɖ

Ask yourself, ‘What steps can I take now to “settle my dispute with Jehovah”?’ (See box 16.)

JW.ORG

For example, you might ask yourself: ‘Am I giving priority to the things of God in my life?’ (Matt. 6:33) ‘Am I showing that I reject evil with my behavior?’ (Ps. 97:10) ‘Am I doing things that will bring peace and unity to my community?’ (Eph. 4:2, 3) It’s a good time to reflect on these questions, because it gives us an opportunity to reflect on what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us and to show our appreciation for living for Christ, not for ourselves.*

THE MAN WHO LOVED JEHOVAH VERY MUCH

14 Some of our brothers and sisters who have served Jehovah faithfully for many years have grown tired of attending meetings. Why? Some of them have experienced “death sorrow.” —Luke 21:34.

* For more information about what you can do to continue to value your marriage, see the article “Do You Serve God?” in The Watchtower of June 15, 1995.

14. Why do some Christians suffer in the church?

(James 3:2) Others have committed serious sins but are in dire need of help. Whatever the case, what can help you to unite with Jehovah’s people? What do you want to do in keeping with the love shown by Jehovah and Jesus?

15 Consider how Jehovah sees those who turn away from him. He is not angry with them, nor does he condemn them. Instead, he looks after his lost sheep. He helps them to return to him and he gives them what they need. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Is that how Jehovah is treating you? Yes, it is! As you read this story, it seems that your heart is still set on Jehovah. Just as Jehovah saw something good in you and brought you into the truth, isn’t it that he is also seeing something good in you and is trying to bring you back to him?

16 Consider this encouragement from the long-running book Come to Jehovah: “I—

15. How does Jehovah show that he cares for his lost sheep? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

16. What will help those who are reluctant to serve Jehovah to return to him? (See picture.)

24 TABLET

Be confident that Jehovah will take care of you when you return to Him. He will help you overcome life’s struggles, comfort you in times of grief, and give you the peace of mind that comes from serving God with a pure conscience. Then you will be able to serve Jehovah and his other servants.” Remember that elders are eager to help you. They will be “a refuge from the storm and a shelter from the great flood” for you. (Isa. 32:2) It’s no wonder that you appreciate the gift and want to thank Jehovah for it. (Isa. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) For example, are you able to attend Kingdom Hall meetings longer? If you do, wouldn’t it be good if you could tell a congregation elder that you want to be helped to return to Jehovah? The elders might arrange for a brother to study the Bible with you for a while. Be confident that Jehovah will reward all your efforts to return to him and show him that you appreciate the repentance.

NU KAE NÀWƆ?

17 Jesus said that Jehovah sent his only-begotten Son to give his life as a ransom “so that everyone who receives [him] should not perish but have eternal life.” (John 3:16) The ransom is Jehovah’s provision for our redemption from sin and death. All of us should continue to appreciate the ransom. (Rom. 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) So, in the days leading up to Easter, take time to reflect on the love that Jehovah and Jesus have shown you, and it will help you to express your appreciation.

18 What can you do to show that you appreciate the gift? Your answer to this question may differ from others’. However, be confident that Jehovah will help you as you strive to be one with millions of his servants who “have not lived for themselves, but for him who died for them.”—2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. How can you make the most of your time in the days leading up to Easter?

WHAT DOES A BLACK MAN DO IN THIS WORLD?

■ Bible Students

■ Christian Missionaries

■ Those Who Love Jehovah’s Witnesses

CHAPTER 14 The Kingdom of the Holy Land

MARCH 30–APRIL 5, 2026

HADZIDZI 76

Did You Know?

TAÐODZINUA

This article will help us understand how to present the Bible more effectively.

Gblɔ Biblia Me Nyatefea Wòadze To

“Jehovah, praise God.”—PS. 31:5.

We often hear the question, “What are you doing here?” when we meet a Jehovah’s Witness for the first time. Some people answer that their parents “have brought them into the world.” Others say that their parents “have taken them into the world.” We answer this question in these ways because we believe that the teachings of God’s Word influence our entire lives. Why? Because we know that if we are to belong to Jehovah’s family, we must love the world and live according to it. This requires that we eliminate the world from our minds and actions.—Ps. 15:1-3.

(Matt. 22:16) Jesus told his followers how people would react to the truth he preached. He said: “Let there be no discord between son and father, daughter and father, brother and sister.” (Matt. 10:35) Jesus did not want people to react to the truth he preached, but he knew that some people would do so. (Matt. 23:37) He told his followers that people would react in two ways: some would accept the Bible’s truth, and some would reject it.—2 Thess. 2:9-11.

3 We also try to follow Jesus by being gentle and quiet, even when this may cause others to feel uncomfortable.

1. What do we need to do to become a member of Jehovah’s Witnesses?

2. (a) What did most people know about Jesus? (b) How did people respond to Jesus’ teaching about God?

3. What will we discuss in this article?

26

And we preach the truth of the Bible to people even though some may be angry with us at times. Does that mean that we should continue to preach the good news, without considering how and when to do so? Yes, it does! In this article, we will answer the question: Where can we find the truth? And we will also answer the questions: What should motivate us to preach the truth? How should we preach the truth? And when is it appropriate to preach the truth? The answers to these questions will help us refine our preaching of the truth. He wants us to be calm in our decisions, and to know the right time to speak.

HOW DO WE GET STARTED?

(Ps. 19:9; 119:142, 151) Whatever he says will happen always happens. (Isa. 55:10, 11) He never fails to keep his promises. (Numbers 23:19) In short, Jehovah can’t fail you! (Heb. 6:18) So it’s no surprise that the Bible calls Jehovah the “true God.”—Ps. 31:5.

5 Some people think it’s impossible to love Jehovah, the “true God.” But it’s not. There are many reasons to believe that he exists. (Rom. 1:20) When the apostle Paul was speaking to the Greek scribes in Athens, he said that God wants us to “adhere to him,” and that he “does not depart from any one of us.” (Read Acts 17:27.) Indeed, Jehovah draws humble people who seek the truth to himself.—John 6:44.

(2 Pet. 1:20, 21) Therefore, everything in the Bible is true, and we can fully rely on it. For example, we can rely on what it says about how the world was created, and how life began on earth. (Genesis 1:1, 26) We can rely on what it says about why we are sinful, and why suffering and trouble are in the world. (Rom. 5:12; 6:23) The Bible tells us that Jehovah will use his Son to restore all that Satan, the “father of evil,” has destroyed, and we fully trust that. (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) We also learn from the Bible that Jesus will destroy the wicked, raise the dead, restore the earth to a paradise, and help us to be perfect. This is also true. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) What an opportunity Jehovah has given us! He has made it possible for us to learn the truth, and he has given us the opportunity to teach the truth to others.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

NU SI VÃA MÍ MÍEGBLƆA NYATEƑEA

7 As discussed earlier, if we want to belong to Jehovah’s family, we must always speak the truth.

4. Why can we say that truth comes from Jehovah?

5. Why should we not rely on the “true God”? Yes. (Acts 17:27)

6. What are some of the truths of the Bible, and why do you feel confident that you know them?

7-8. Is it important what motivates us to speak the truth? Follow his example. —Mark 3:11, 12. (See also the pictures.)

JANUARY 2026 27

How do you know the truth, and to whom do you give proof of it?

(See figures 7-8.)

(Read Mark 3:11, 12.) One day, while Jesus was preaching by the Sea of Galilee, a large crowd gathered around him. Some of them were possessed by demons. They threw themselves at Jesus and cried out, “You are the Son of God.” Why did the demons tell this truth about Jesus? The devils did not preach about Jesus. In fact, Jesus immediately ordered the devils not to preach about Him.

8 What can we learn from this incident? That our speaking the truth is important to Jehovah. That is why it is so important that we let our love for Jehovah motivate us to speak the truth and to give thanks for it!—Matt. 5:16; compare with Acts 14:12-15.

9 Consider another aspect that we need to watch out for so that we don’t lose respect for ourselves. Suppose a brother or sister tells you a secret, and you tell others about it. When the truth is revealed, the people to whom you told the truth may be surprised and think that you are no longer a person because you have told so many secrets. This may make you look good in their eyes, but it will not make you look good in Jehovah’s eyes. (Prov. 11:13) Why? Although what you have told others is the truth, it is also wrong to tell a secret, and it is also wrong to do so with the wrong motive.

9. What should we do and why?

28 TABLET

SHE WANTS TO BE A GREAT MOTHER.

10. Read Colossians 4:6. The apostle Paul warned the Colossian Christians to keep their ‘feet down.’ What does this mean? The Greek word translated here means that we should keep our feet down in order to please others. But not only that. We should listen, and we should speak with love.

11 When we preach, we should follow Paul’s advice to be clear. The Bible itself describes preaching as “a sound that can touch the soul and the spirit.” In other words, it can help us to overcome our emotions and impulses. (Heb. 4:12) But if we do not use the Bible wisely, we will become confusing, and that will lead to discord. How can that happen?

12 Consider the following scenario: Suppose you are speaking to a man who worships idols and likes to eat Christmas and Easter. What would you do? Would you read Scripture to show him that it is foolish to worship something that does not live, and that Christmas and Easter are pagan sacrifices? (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) If you do this the first time you speak to a man, it is likely that you are only telling him that, but you are not using God’s Word wisely.

13 Paul also urges us to be cautious in our conversations. This is not to say that we should hide or hide our faces. To be ‘cautious’ in our conversations, we should speak in a way that is clear.

10. What does it mean to ‘leave your private matters’? (Colossians 4:6)

11-12. Why should we pay attention to how we teach? Give an example. (See also the pictures.)

13. How should we deal with our fears?

How can you express this wisely?

(See figures 11-12)

Love Jesus and He will teach you what to teach and when to teach.

(See Figure 15.)

(Job 12:11) Doing this can sometimes be difficult. For example, in the case of physical food, it may seem to us that what makes us happy also makes others happy. At the same time, we may assume that the way we eat is acceptable to everyone. But that is not always the case. For example, in some places, people go straight to the point when they speak about their food, even when they are talking to someone who is younger than them. But in other places, such speech is not appropriate, and may even be offensive. Paul says that we should know how to ‘respond to each person.’ This means that we should adjust our responses to suit the person we are speaking to, not ourselves.

YOU WILL NEVER KNOW WHEN YOU WILL DIE.

14 As Jesus spoke to his followers, he used simple words and made many things clear to them. (Mark 6:34) However, there was still much that his followers needed to learn. Jesus did not try to teach them everything he knew. He knew that they were too young to understand. He also knew that it was not a good time to learn some truths. He even told them that some truths were not yet clear to them. (John 16:12) What can we learn from this?

15 Jesus’ example shows us that we do not have to teach people all the truth we have learned at once. How can we follow Jesus’ example? We need to consider the characteristics of people. Consider the man and his family who celebrate Christmas and Easter. We know that these practices originated in paganism, and God does not approve them. But let’s start studying the Bible with the man:

14. When Jesus was on earth, did He try to teach His disciples all that He knew? No.

15. Should we teach our Bible students everything we know? Yes. (Proverbs 25:11) (See also picture.)

30 BOOKMARKS

It is one or two days before Christmas.

Would it be foolish to expect someone to immediately stop eating Christmas? It is clear that some students can immediately stop eating Christmas. But it takes time for others to make changes in their attitudes and practices. So, one way to help our Bible students make the necessary changes is to teach them what they need to know at the right time. The right time is when they can take it. —Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 One of our greatest joys in life is to help people learn the truth about Jehovah. To help them “grow in the truth,” we must:

16. How do we help our Bible students to ‘grow in the truth’?

First, let’s continue to set a good example. (3 John 3, 4) Second, let’s make sure that our way of living shows that we live up to God’s promises in his Word. Fifth, let’s speak the truth to people with care. Let’s speak courageously, use words that resonate with people, and speak the truth at the right time. At the same time, we need to surrender all our troubles to Jehovah. By doing this, you will show that you serve Jehovah, the true God.

NU SI LE EDZI YIM LE FOTOA ME Axis 29: Le foto gb

CONTACT

THE FAMILY OF JEHOVAH’S FATHER

January 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 1 EWE

LE TATA SIA ME

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena March 2-8 | 2

Looking at Your ‘Emergency Needs’

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena March 9-15 | 8

You Can Overcome Feelings of Fear

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena March 16-22 | 14

Nu Si Tae Míehiã Tafea

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena March 23-29 | 20

How Does It Show That It Helps?

Nusɔsrɔ̃nyati hena March 30–April 5 | 26

Gblɔ Biblia Me Nyateƒea Wòadze To

It is part of a worldwide Bible study program supported by voluntary donations. If you would like to contribute, please visit donate.jw.org.

The passages quoted in this book are taken from The Holy Scriptures—With References, except where otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

TE ESIA KPƆ

View Bible Stories in a Nutshell

The Bible tells us many inspiring stories. If we look at these stories in context, we will understand them better and they will be more useful to us. Here are some things that can help you to look at Bible stories in context:

• Read in silence. When you read the Bible in silence, you will be able to visualize the events more clearly. If your group is reading the Bible together and you are listening to the Bible community, you will be able to visualize the events more clearly.

• Look at how people react mentally. Try to see how the people in the story react and feel. For example, ask yourself: ‘Why did that person say or do something? If I were in that situation, how would I react or feel?’

• Timelines. Timelines in the Bible will help you keep things in mind and remember them easily, even if you are not a good reader.

Visit the jw.org website, or scan this QR code

JW.ORG

w26.01-EW