JANUARY 2026

SECONDARY PRODUCTS

IT WAS GOD'S WILL

IN 2026 DEVELOPMENT:

“Blessed are those who know how to discern the spirit.”—MATTH. 5:3.

WEBSITES FROM WHERE WE COLLECT:

MARCH 2–APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

EDWƐNE 97

Be Mindful of God’s Word

BODANE

How can we continue to benefit from the spiritual food, spiritual clothing, and spiritual comfort, or shelter, that Jehovah provides?

“Sunset Viewing” Is Not the Same as “Sunrise Viewing” · Global Voices

IN 2026 DEVELOPMENT:

“The wise are those who know how to discern the spirit.”—MATTH. 5:3.

Jehovah knows the things that humans face in every aspect of life. For example, we need food, clothing, and shelter to survive. If we lack even one of these things for a moment, it can make a difference. If we pay attention to these things that Jehovah knows about us, he knows how to raise our spirits. (Read Matthew 5:3.) If we want to grow spiritually, we need to know that knowledge and apply it.

² What does it mean when it says "to pray in spirit"? In the Greek language, when this word is used, it refers to a person praying. Imagine a man wearing a white robe and making a prayer in the evening. He is unhappy because he does not have food, and his face is gloomy. He speaks in tongues, and the wind blows through his hair. He prays in order to make things better in his situation, which is necessary at this time. Similarly, one who is spiritually motivated to make things better in his own situation, needs motivation, and is willing to exert himself.

1. What are some of the challenges that humans face in everyday life? (Matthew 5:3)

2. What does it mean when someone says, “It’s hard to see the spirit”? It’s true.

2

It was necessary for the Phoenician woman to look up, not to fall, and to have faith in order to obtain the help she was seeking.

(See Figure 5.)

to take advantage of the many spiritual gifts that Jehovah gives to those who love him.

3 In this article, we will consider what we can learn from the story of the Phoenician woman who called on Jesus to help her. This story illustrates the five characteristics of spiritually awakened people. Then we will consider the examples of the Apostles Peter and Paul and the spiritually awakened King David.

SHE LOOKED AT HIM, AS IF SHE WAS WAITING FOR HIM TO COME.

4 One day, a Phoenician woman came to Jesus. She was ‘disturbed with a sin of impurity.’ (Matt. 15:21-28) The woman stood up and asked Jesus to help her. When the Phoenician woman came to Jesus, she showed signs of depravity. Let us look at some of these signs.

3. What will we discuss in this article?

4. Why did the Phoenician woman believe that Jesus was a woman?

5 The woman of Phoenicia was amazed. Why? Because she was angry at the way Jesus spoke to her. Jesus was referring to a woman who was walking with her baby in her arms, in front of a crowd of Jews. If Jesus told you this, what would you do? Would you feel sorry for yourself and leave him to go somewhere else? The woman of Phoenicia did not. She looked up and went away. Let us see how she went and asked Jesus to help her. Why did she do this? Faith in Jesus. This woman's faith moved Jesus to do something amazing. Jesus said he was going to feed "the flock of the house of Israel," but he drove the evil spirit out of this Jewish woman.

5. What signs did the woman see, and how did Jesus heal her? (See also the illustration.)

JANUARY 2026 3

6 In order for us to exercise spiritual insight, we must possess the same qualities. We must be upright, not complacent, and we must have strong faith. Only a man of uprightness will seek God’s help, which will not fail him. And we must have strong faith in Christ Jesus and follow the example of those whom He has appointed to be His disciples. (Matt. 24:45-47) Jehovah and his Son are determined to punish those who exhibit these qualities in spiritual insight. (See James 1:5-7.) Let us now consider the ways in which Jehovah’s house provides spiritual food, spiritual clothing, and spiritual rest. And let us consider what we can learn from the examples of the Apostles Peter and Paul and of King David that will help us to benefit from Jehovah’s knowledge.

SUKOA PITA—THE SUNSHINE THAT YOU NEVER SEE

7 Consider the example of the Apostle Peter. The Jewish leaders believed that Jesus was the Messiah—the angel whom Jehovah was sending to give “the gift of eternal life” to His people. (John 6:66-68) When Jesus was resurrected, He assigned this task to Peter before He went to heaven, saying, “Feed my sheep.” (John 21:17) Peter did just that, and Jehovah even let him write two letters that were used in the Bible.

6. What can we learn from the story of the prostitute?

7. What command was given to Peter, and what did he need to do? Teach. (Hebrews 5:14–6:1)

God’s Word. For example, he studied the letters of the apostle Paul as God had given him the inspiration to write them. Peter noticed “some things that were not right” in Paul’s letters that he wrote. (2 Peter 3:15, 16) But Peter did not give up, and he had faith that Jehovah would help him understand and practice the “good news” that Paul had written to him in his letters. —Read Hebrews 5:14–6:1.

8 Peter used the revelation of his angel to demonstrate his faith in Jehovah. For example, one day while he was in the city of Dofah, he had a vision. An angel told him that the devil who had been hiding under the cover of the Law of Moses was gone. The vision struck a chord with everyone in Judah. At first Peter said, “Yes, Lord, I know what is good and what is evil.” Then the angel said, “Let me know what is good and what is evil.” (John 10:9-15) Peter listened to what he was saying. How do we know this? After the vision, three men came to Peter. Constantine, a non-Jew, sent them to him, and asked to see Peter. Peter would not have gone without going to the house of a non-Jew. The Jews looked down on converts. (John 10:28, 29) But Peter made another revelation through the Lord. (Mark 4:18) He preached the gospel to Constantine and his household and was moved when he saw that they were turning to the truth, receiving the Holy Spirit—

8. What did Peter do when God gave him another revelation through an angel?

4 ORIGIN OF ARANE

They will be my witnesses to all nations.—John 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, we need to eat the bread of the Word. But we also need to feed ourselves with spiritual food—the truth of the Bible. We need to take the time and be willing to make an effort to study the Word. Why? It certainly has two benefits: first, we learn things about Jehovah that strengthen our love and affection for him; and second, it gives us a desire to tell others about the wonders of our heavenly Father. (Luke 11:33; James 4:11) Peter’s example teaches us another lesson: If there is to be a change in the way we receive God’s Word, we must promptly change our mindsets and practices. If we do so, we will receive the spiritual encouragement that Jehovah promises to use.

SUKOA PƆƆLO—WHAT WAS THE SUNSUM THAT WAS ONLY

10 In order to please God, we must follow another of Jehovah’s commands: we must wear the image of the spirit. What does this mean? The apostle Paul wrote that we must “wear the old day” and “wear the new day.” (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) He devoted time and effort to helping us to wear these images. Consider Paul’s mother as an example. She tried to gain God’s favor from a young age. (Gal. 1:14; Phil. 3:4, 5) However, she had no clear understanding of God’s purpose, and her spiritual behavior was not right. As a result of his ignorance of the teachings of Christ and his superiority, he turned into a man of “evil thoughts” with many evil traits.—1 Tim. 1:13.

11 Before Paul became a Christian, he was prone to anger. One commentator in the Book of Acts said that Paul exalted himself over the disciples of Jesus and that he “reverted to the disciples of God and loved them.” (John 9:1) After Paul became a Christian, he seems to have made an effort to abandon this trait of his fatherly nature. (Eph. 4:22, 31) Even so, when Paul and Barnabas came up against each other over a matter, “there was a great discord.” (John 18:1) 15:37-39) At that time, Paul did not do what God wanted him to do, but he did not despair. Instead, he ‘dressed his flesh’—he exercised his judgments—in order to gain the favor of Jehovah.—1 Cor. 9:27.

12 Paul did not feel himself under the power of the Spirit of God, so he tried to cast off his sinful nature and to worship the new nature. (Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul also relied on "the boldness of God" (1 Pet. 4:11). But it seems that Paul was weary and discouraged. When he was discouraged, he contemplated the miraculous things that the heavenly Father had given him, and he made the right decision.

9. What are the two benefits of devoting ourselves to the spiritual food that is in the flesh?

10. What does it mean to wear the garments of the Spirit? (Colossians 3:8-10)

11. What kinds of sins did Paul have to deal with?

12. What did Paul say helped him to turn away from evil?

JANUARY 2026 5

We need to be careful how we relate to spiritual food, spiritual clothing, and spiritual health (see box 18).

Let him go back to his homeland.—Luke 7:21-25.

13 To learn from Paul, we must recognize that regardless of how long we have served Jehovah, we must continually strive to put away the old nature and put on the new nature—the image of God. If we do something rude—perhaps in anger we do something bad or say something ill of someone—we must repent. Therefore, we must continually work hard to keep our resolve to reform our minds and behavior. —Col. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) But while we are doing this, one important thing must be kept in mind: If we have a garment that does not fit us, it may be necessary to change it to fit us, but it is not the case with the spiritual garment that Jehovah gives us; it is our flesh that must be changed to fit us. It is absolutely clear that we must change ourselves in order to live according to God's commandments.

13. How can we learn from Paul?

6 ORIGIN OF ARANE

LOOK AT DAVID—JEHOVAH WAS A GREAT FATHER

14 For we know that spiritual meat and spiritual drink is not in us, but spiritual weakness: what is it, and how shall we go to it?

15 King David spoke of the spiritual strength that Jehovah gives. (Read 1 Kings 27:5.) How does Jehovah protect his servants today? Jehovah protects his people from anyone or anything that could utterly destroy their faith in him. He promises that no evil will ever come upon them. (Heb. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Satan and his demons have power, but they cannot control us forever. Even if we die, Jehovah will raise us up in the resurrection. (1 Cor. 21:3, 4) And when we are troubled, Jehovah helps us not to give up worshipping him. (Mark 12:25; Matt 6:27-29) He also gives us a loving Heavenly Father—

14-15. How does Jehovah strengthen the spirit of his people? (Isaiah 27:5) (See also the illustration.)

(Isa. 32:1, 2) When we attend Bible studies, we learn how to do things that will please Jehovah.—Heb. 10:24, 25.

16 When David turned to Jehovah, he did not have to deal with the troubles of those who do evil. (See Proverbs 5:1, 2.) However, when David turned to God’s guidelines, Jehovah did not comply with the desires that emerged from his behavior. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) And what if someone’s behavior offended David? David opened up his heart to Jehovah in prayer, and Jehovah made David know that he loved and cherished him.

17 To follow David’s example, we should seek Jehovah’s guidance when making decisions. We should accept that when we face difficulties, it is not because Jehovah is displeased with us, but because we have not made the right decision. (Gal. 6:7, 8) Or, if we are faced with difficulties because of someone else’s opinions, we should express our hearts to Jehovah in prayer.

16. How did Jehovah bless David?

17. What can we learn from David?

When we have confidence in him, our hearts will also be steadfast.—Phil. 4:6, 7.

MARCH 9-15, 2026

EDWƐNE 45

Me Ahonle Nu Nzuzulɛ

BODANE

What we can do when we are depressed.

It Can Be Described As A Line From A Point To A Point.

“My head is greatly comforted!”—WOL. 7:24.

When you hear the name of the Apostle Paul, what comes to your mind? A bold evangelist, an aggressive teacher, or a knowledgeable Bible scholar? These are all true. But there were times when Paul was afraid, discouraged, or anxious. He was like many of us.

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. Paul described his feelings in his letter to the Romans, and many of us feel the same way. He is a true Christian, but he is fighting a war—he wants to do God’s will, but because he is a sinner, he is in the grip of death.

3 It was Paul's despondency, but he was not despondent. In this article, we will consider the following questions: What was Paul doing that made him not feel that he was "despondent"? If he was despondent, how did he deal with it?

* DEPRESSED PERSONS: In this article, we are referring to people who are depressed or anxious. We are not referring to those who have a mental illness that lasts long enough to require a visit to a doctor.

1-2. How did the Apostle Paul feel at that time, and how does what he wrote apply to us today? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What will we discuss in this article? (See also “This Is What the Bible Tells Us.”)

8

Joined text of Paragraph 5: "5 When Paul became a Christian, he looked down on his past life. It seems that before he became a Christian, what he was doing bothered him greatly. For example, when he wrote his fourth letter to the Corinthians in about 55 A.D., he said: "I am ashamed to be called an apostle, because I have served as a shepherd to the church of God." (1 Cor. 15:9) About a year later, he referred to it in his letter to the Ephesians as being “one of the least of my fellow believers.” (Eph. 3:8) When Paul criticized Timothy in his letter, he said of himself, “I am not a man of fire, but I am a man of salvation and of repentance.” (1 Tim. 1:13) How would Paul feel if he went into a church and could not bring back some of the people he had saved or some of the elders?” --- PARAGRAPH 6 --- Col. 1: “6 But the matter of sexuality was taken away from him.” He said, "He was made like a man to be worshiped" Col 2: "in the flesh." (2 Cor 12:7) The Spirit does not "speak, but what He has spoken we know."

We can be confident that he has used the advice that he has given to others.

9 Notwithstanding his discouragement, Paul was encouraged by many things. For example, he was encouraged when he saw the poor condition of the church from his fellow believers. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) He was encouraged by the friendship of his brethren. (2 Tim. 1:4) But he knew that Jehovah was giving him strength. Indeed, Paul was encouraged because he had chosen to serve God with an “unholy mind.” (2 Tim. 1:3) Even when he was imprisoned in Rome, he encouraged his brethren to “sing aloud in God.” (Phil. 4:4) This is not to say that he was always encouraged. It appears that, whenever depressing events occurred in his life, he tried to think of things that would make him feel better.

(Gal. 2:20; see Ephesians 1:7.) Therefore, he had complete confidence that Jehovah would take away his sins through the sacrifice of Jesus Christ. (Col. 7:24, 25) Paul sinned in the family and was a child, but he chose to offer “holy faith” to God with joy.—Heb. 9:12-14, 15.

11 Like Paul, we may feel that we must constantly try not to think, speak, or do things that displease Jehovah.

9-10. When Paul gave up, what was the result? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also my illustration.)

11. Why is the example of Paul encouraging?

A young woman named Eliza*, who is 20 years old, described her feelings: “I am encouraged when I think about Paul’s situation. I would rather not feel that way. It’s another sign that Jehovah knows what’s going on with his people.” Like Paul, if we are discouraged, what can we do to keep our spirits calm and cheerful?

WHEN WE ARE OLD, HOW DO WE FEEL?

12 Pay attention to spiritual things. Spiritual activities help us to keep our minds focused on the things of the Spirit. We can keep our minds focused on the things of the flesh, which helps us to make good decisions. If we eat good food, if we sleep well, and if we are well dressed, we will be able to make good decisions. In the same way, we all know that if we study God’s Word regularly, participate in the school program, memorize what we learn, and attend classes with devotion, we will be encouraged. These things will strengthen us and keep our minds from being distracted by things that discourage us.—Col. 12:11, 12.

13 Take the example of John, who was diagnosed with cancer at the age of 39. At first, he was devastated and despondent. He said to himself, ‘Why should I—’

*Behakyi aluma bie moo.

12. How does maintaining a positive attitude towards our spiritual activities help us to remain positive?

13-14.How does the presence of certain media influence a person's participation in spiritual activities?

10 ORIGIN OF ARANE

It was Paul's sin against his wife that upset him, but he thought about the redemption and did not despair.

(See Figures 9-10.)

What helped John to stay encouraged? He said: “Even though I was feeling down, I kept up with my family’s spiritual schedule. We went to every class, attended every service, and kept up with our family service despite the ups and downs.” He also said: “When we’re in difficult situations, it can be discouraging at first. But I know that Jehovah gives us strength and shows us how he loves us. May Jehovah make it as good for you as he did for me.”

14 One of our readers, Eliza, said: “Every time I go to a class or do my homework, I feel that Jehovah listens to me and loves me. It makes me feel good.” Nolan, a missionary in Africa, said of himself and his wife, Diane: “Even when we feel discouraged, we keep our spiritual schedule. Hopefully, Jehovah will show us how he helps us and encourages us. We try to prepare ourselves as he wants us to; we don’t know how, but we know that he will.”

15 If we are despondent for a long time, there are other things that we ought to do. Let us be ready. Let it be as if we had a sore throat. If someone gives you a sore throat, don't let him go. Let him go and see what it is that causes the sore throat; it may even be to an ophthalmologist. Likewise, if we are despondent, it may be that we ought to search the Bible and the books or talk to a spiritually guided friend to see how we can deal with it.

15. If we are discouraged, what else can we do?

JANUARY 2026 11

Matthew - Acts

Once you are calm, think of a word that will help you to react (See Figure 17).

The following is an overview of some of the advantages it can provide.

16 Ask Jehovah to help you know what is right. King David knew that Jehovah knew best, and he called upon Jehovah to help him know what was causing him to “think.” (Read 1 Kings 139:1-4, 23, 24.) However, you can ask Jehovah to help you know why you are feeling discouraged and what you can do about it. You can also ask yourself the following questions: ‘Why am I feeling discouraged? Is there a reason why I am feeling discouraged?

17 Think about your situation. I don’t think it’s a bad thing to learn about some of Jehovah’s traits. For example, the Apostle Paul’s thoughts about redemption and God’s mercy helped him a lot. You can do the same. Use the Jehovah’s Witnesses Study Cloud, the Watch Tower Publications Index, or other Bible study materials in your language to learn about God’s mercy, mercy, and loving kindness. If there’s a topic that helps you, keep it. Keep it where you can, and if you feel like it, don’t say it. Try to find ways to apply what you learn to your situation.—Phil. 4:8.

18 The prophet Elisha studied Job. He said, "My word

16. What can help us to cope with heartbreaking events? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

17. What lessons can you learn that will help you think positively about life? (See also the illustration.)

18. What doctrines do some Christians follow?

12 INTEGRATED SERVICES

I’m like Job. I’m like a man who’s going through a difficult time. But when I’m depressed, I turn to Jehovah, even though I don’t know why.” (Job 42:1-6) One of our readers said: “My husband and I are writing the book Draw Close to Jehovah. We want to use Jehovah as a guide. Instead of focusing on the things we need to do, let’s try to think about how Jehovah wants us to serve him. That will help us to get closer to him.”—Isa. 64:8.

APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE APPLICATION OF THE

19 If we have a good schedule of spiritual activities and a good understanding of our circumstances, we should not let ourselves be discouraged or discouraged again. Instead, we should feel comfortable! But with the help of Jehovah, we can relax and concentrate. We can be confident that we will have a positive attitude and do things that will increase our life and worship of Jehovah many times over.

20 Let us resolve not to let our past sins, our problems, or our fears of the future overwhelm us.

MARCH 16-22, 2026

EDWƐNE 20

Send A Woman Who's Sober To Him

BODANE

The ransom provides forgiveness of sin, the hope that one day we will have a righteous relationship with Jehovah.

Why We Meet

“Who will save me from this dying death?”—JOB 7:24.

Scenario: A house is burnt down, and a man in the house is in pain. He can't walk. All he can do is cry out for help, and the only hope is that someone will help him.

2 Each of us is in this situation. In what way? When Adam was disobedient to the Father, he became a sinner. Later he passed sin on to his children. This is why all human beings bear the burden of sin and we are not free from the problems that come with it. The Apostle Paul described how sin makes us feel in his letter to the Romans. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) He asked to be saved from “this dying flesh.” Paul felt that he was giving up the power of sin and that it was going to kill him. (Col. 6:23) We are in the same dire situation. We need someone to answer us!

3 It is not only to sin that Paul is referring, when he asks, "Who has saved me from this death?"

1-2. What should we obey, and why? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also my illustration.)

3. How is redemption provided?

14

Just as a man who is overdressed does not look good in the sun, so we are overdressed in sin, and need to be cleansed (see picture 1-2).

7:25) Paul was talking about Jesus’ redemption.* That redemption can be realized because it will (1) save us from sin, (2) give us the hope of eternal life, and (3) restore our relationship with our Creator. As we ponder these things, our love for Jehovah, “the God of hope,” will grow (1 Cor. 15:13). It will also increase our appreciation for Jesus, who “gave himself for us.”—Col. 1:14.

THE CONFERENCE WILL NOT BE USEFULL

4 We need the ransom so that Jehovah will not punish us for our sins. Every sin that is not confessed is a sin in word or deed. (Read Leviticus 7:20.) Some sins are very serious. For example, in the Law of Moses it was punishable by death to destroy a marriage or to kill a person. (Lev. 20:10; Num.

* RANSOM: A ransom is the price paid for a person's salvation. The death of Jesus is the ransom that frees sinful mankind from the power of sin and death.

4-5. Why is the redemption universal? (Proverbs 7:20)

35:30, 31) Indeed, many sins come from the same source, but not all sins are sin. For example, the singer David said: “I have watched over my way, and I have kept my foot from sin.” (Ps. 39:1) This means that even a simple word can cause us to sin.—John 3:2.

5 Consider something you said or did at a particular time. Did you say something that would have made someone else angry? Did you do something that made someone else angry? Doesn’t that say something about you? The Bible says: “If we say, ‘We have no evil in us,’ we boast, and the truth is not in us.”—1 John 1:8.

6 Forgiveness allows Jehovah to forgive our sins. (Eph. 1:7) But this does not mean that when we sin, Jehovah is displeased with us, or that He does not care. Jehovah does not allow us to sin. (Isa. 59:2) As the Lord of the night, He must have a means by which to punish sin.

7 It was in the Law of Moses that the Israelites were required to offer sacrifices.

6-7. How does Jehovah forgive sins? (See also the illustration.)

JANUARY 2026 15

(Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) These sacrifices were a representation of the great sacrifice of Jesus and the salvation that would come from it. This sacrifice would make it possible for Jehovah to take away sin from us. Paul’s words to the Corinthians show that he was aware of the benefits of Jesus’ sacrifice. When he described their sinful nature, he said to them: “But be all of you beautiful; be all of you beautiful; be all of you beautiful in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and in the Spirit of our God.”—1 Cor. 6:9-11.

**8** As you prepare for this Anniversary year, take time to think about how you will benefit from Jehovah's atonement. For example, will the ransom cause you to think about a sin that you have committed and regret it? And if it does, will it make you forgive your sins? Perhaps you have said to yourself, 'I know that Jehovah forgives sins, but he can't forgive my sins _on me._' If you feel that way, say: Jehovah does not forgive sins, but he has given his Son power to execute judgment. Jehovah has not given you or anyone else the authority to dictate whether someone will or will not be comforted by him. The Bible says: “If we walk in the light of [Jehovah’s] glory, the blood of Jesus the Son of God cleanses us from all sin.” (1 John 1:6, 7) We can apply this statement to our adherence to every other teaching of the Bible. The example of Jehovah’s willingness to take matters into his own hands is comfort, and his Word says that it is “his pleasure to condemn iniquity.”—Psalm 86:5.

OUR DREAM IS TO BECOME THE WORLD’S BEST

**9** In the Bible, "evil" does not refer only to _evil_, but also to the **evil_ that we experience in times of trouble. **(Read Exodus 51:5.)** This evil that is used to control us is meant to make us evil and to prevent us from using our lives well as Jehovah intended, and

8. When you look back on this anniversary, what can you think of?

9. If the eye sees wrongdoing, what is the sin? (Psalm 51:5)

The sacrifice of the calf for the expiation of past sin symbolizes Jesus' redemptive sacrifice and future redemption (see picture 6-7).

16 ORIGINS OF ARANE

This helps us to understand how even a perfectly sinless creature can fall into sin. It also helps us to understand how all people, good and evil, fall into sin. Sin has passed on to all people through Adam.

10 Consider how this situation affected natural marriage. The woman had no choice. When Adam and Eve sinned, she was deceived. (Col. 2:15) They felt that a change had come, but it was not a good one. So they found it necessary to seek a way out of the darkness of death and to flee to the light of the Father. (Gen. 3:15) 3:7, 8) It was at this time that Adam and Eve’s sinful nature manifested itself in feelings of insecurity and despair, and they became depressed and self-centered. They had to overcome these emotions or they would die.—Gen. 3:16-19.

11 No matter how hard we try to cope with the situation, we will always face problems that we can’t afford to deal with. Why? Because, according to the Bible, we are made to “abstain from small things.” (Col. 8:20) This is true and applies to everyone. For example, consider the efforts people are making to preserve the earth, to end war and violence, and to bring peace among nations. But regardless of their best efforts, it is like a fire that never ceases. How can redemption extinguish the flame of sin that never ceases?

12 The vision gives us the hope that “creature will be saved from the wrath of salvation.” (John 8:21) This means that when we live in the new world with the salvation, we will no longer be afraid or worried. We will no longer be troubled by fear, anxiety, hopelessness, or feelings of hopelessness or despair. Our efforts to live in peace on earth will no longer be frustrated, but things will be brought back to normal when Jesus Christ, the “Prince of Peace,” who brought salvation, comes to rule.—Isaiah 9:6, 7.

13 Consider how redemption appears in the darkness of sin. Imagine that every resurrection is like a decision to perish or even to die in the face of your enemies. Nevertheless, if you are reassured by ‘the hope that you will be taken up, raised, and taken up again.’ (Heb. 6:18, 19) Just as the sun rises and sets, so your hope can strengthen your faith and enable you to withstand every temptation of the devil. Indeed, you can rest assured that Jehovah will “save those who seek him.” (Heb. 11:6) It is only through his ransom that you can find comfort and hope for the future.

10. What were the consequences of Adam and Eve’s sin?

11. How is the use of sin controlled?

12. What is the purpose of the ransom?

13. What else can you think of when you think of this Anniversary?

JANUARY 2026 17

Jesus’ death as a sacrifice made it possible for mankind to be restored to a closer relationship with Jehovah. —See Box 16.

THE CONNECTION BETWEEN YOU AND JEHOVAH THE LORD

14 Since Adam and Eve committed sin, there has been a breach between man and God. The Bible even says that all mankind descends from the Creator. (Luke 8:7, 8; Colossians 1:21) Why? Because Jehovah’s commandments will never allow sin to prevail. The Bible says of Jehovah: “He is a holy man, and desirable.” (Hab. 1:13) And sin destroys the relationship that exists between God and man. If our relationship with Jehovah is broken, none of us will ever be in His relationship. The breach can only be broken between us and Jehovah.

15 The Bible describes Jesus as “the expiatory sacrifice for sin.” (1 John 2:2) How did the ransom restore mankind’s relationship with Jehovah? We cannot think that the death of His Son somehow appeased Him. Therefore, the death of Jesus made it possible for the merciful God to settle a matter between Him and mankind. (Col. 3:23-26) He could redeem those who served Him faithfully before Christ’s death. (Gen. 15:1, 6) Why? Because of the ransom that Jesus later paid. Jehovah was absolutely confident that his Father Jesus would come down from heaven to provide the ransom. (Isa. 46:10) The sacrifice restored mankind’s relationship with God.

16 As we deal with God, consider how He makes our lives better. For example, we may call Jehovah “Son” as Jesus commanded us to do. (Matt. 6:9) Sometimes, we may even call Jehovah “Father.” If we call Jehovah “Son” or “Father,” we must do so with greater delicacy and care. Why? Because we are sinners, and if we were good we would never be close to Jehovah. It is only in this way that we can even have fellowship with Jehovah. Through Jesus, Jehovah has ‘given the world and the things that are in it—

14. How does sin interfere with the communion of the Father, and why?

15. How did the ransom restore humanity’s relationship with Jehovah?

16. What else can you think of when you think of Eleusis this anniversary year? (See also the illustration.)

18 ORIGINS OF ARANE

This friendship is made possible through the blood of [Jesus] shed on the cross.’ (Col. 1:19, 20) This is how we are able to have a relationship with Jehovah today despite our imperfections.

A CONFERENCE WITH GOD'S SON, JESUS CHRIST

17 This example shows us that Jehovah is “a source of consolation.” “He was our comfort, even when we were dead in sin.” (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) “Those who show a character for eternal life” do not seek consolation because they are willing to give up the power of sin. (John 13:48) The gospel of the Kingdom of God will help these people to learn about him and his Father and to become better people. (John 17:3) If Satan’s mind was that God’s purpose failed because of Adam and Eve’s courage, then he was wrong.

18 As we consider the benefits of the ransom, it is important to consider the purpose for which Jehovah provided the ransom. He did not intend the ransom to be just a means of life, but also a means of redressing the sin Satan committed in the Garden of Eden. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) Jehovah’s redemption does not detract from his reputation, and it refutes every false claim Satan makes about him. He also redeemed his people from sin and death and demonstrates that he is a loving God. It is because of Jehovah’s great love that, despite our sinfulness, he allows us to do something to contribute to his precious service. (Mark 27:11) What can we do to be worthy of the ransom?

17. How does the ransom show the love of Jehovah? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

18. When considering the redemption, what should we consider?

IF THIS IS THE CASE...

■ Do we have salvation?

■ Is there any hope of a future without humans?

■ Is there a relationship between us and Jehovah?

EDWARD 19 The Dawn of God

MARCH 23-29, 2026

EDWAWN 18

I'm Not the Same As I See

BODANE

All we can do is believe in the redemption.

What Does It Mean to Be a Scientist?

“My love be with you.”—2 CORINTHIANS 5:14.

IF YOU HAD BEEN KILLED BY ONE OF YOUR OWN PEOPLE, WHAT WOULD YOU HAVE THINKED ABOUT THE PERSON WHO KILLED YOU? If you had been killed by another person, you would probably be grateful to that person for what he did to you.

2 As explained in the preceding paragraph, we are not immune to sin. However, Jesus’ redemptive sacrifice can (1) pay for our sins, (2) give us the hope of redemption, and (3) restore our relationship with God. This gives us the hope of eternal life in Jehovah’s new world. Indeed, the redemption demonstrates that Jesus loved people—that he loved them before he came to earth. (Matt. 8:30, 31) The Apostle Paul wrote that “love is from heaven.” (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) This implies that the love of Jesus must be in our lives as a result of our acceptance of his ransom sacrifice.

3 What can we do about this redemption? Just how does everyone respond to this revelation. What is it? Let's do it.

1-2. What does Jesus’ ransom sacrifice require of us, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also the illustration.)

3. Why is it that each person's view of redemption differs?

20

If someone takes away one's private property or attacks one in a wrongful manner, one should be concerned about what the person has done.

(See Figures 1-2)

One example. Suppose two people are on their way to a certain place, but only to a house that is fully furnished. Imagine the different ways they will get there. In the same way, your understanding of redemption depends on your personal relationship with Jehovah. We will discuss these three groups of people in this article: (1) Bible scholars, (2) born Christians, and (3) members of the church.

BAEBOLO SUKOAVOMA

4 As you and your partner study the Bible, consider this: The verse you are reading refers to people whom Jehovah has chosen to have a relationship with him. (John 6:44; Acts 13:48) “The Lord sees the inward parts of the heart.” This means that he sees the effort you are making to learn about him, and he is pleased to see the joy you are experiencing as you change to live according to his principles. (Mark 17:3; 27:11) The inward parts of your heart will help you to have a good relationship with Jehovah. (Luke 5:10, 11) Don’t let this deter you.

4. How does Jehovah treat Bible students?

5 If you are a Bible student, what would you do if you knew that you deserve the redemption? Perhaps you would follow the advice of the apostle Paul to the Philippians: “As we have grace, let us walk in the same way.” (Phil. 3:16) Another Bible verse reflects this idea: “Let us walk in the way in which we walked before.” Nothing should prevent you from walking in the way of life.—Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 What if a Bible lesson you have just learned makes you feel uncomfortable? Examine it and pray that Jehovah will help you understand it better. (Psalm 86:11) If you feel uncomfortable, take a moment to stop studying the Bible. What if you feel uncomfortable leaving a way of life that Jehovah does not like? Jehovah will not allow sinful people to do what they should not do.

5. How should Bible students apply the admonition in Philippians 3:16?

6. If it is impossible for a Bible student to be converted, what can they do? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also my illustration.)

JANUARY 2026 21

Jehovah will not allow us to do what we should not. He will help us to live according to his standards.

(See Figure 6.)

What does it mean to belong to a group of people? It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of people. It means to belong to a group of

(Deuteronomy 30:11-14.) Jehovah promises to help you. (Isa. 41:10, 13; 1 Cor. 10:13) So, don’t let it get you down. Instead of focusing on the problems you are facing, focus on all that Jehovah has done for you, including the ransom. As your love for Jehovah grows, you may find that “his commandments are not perfect.”—1 John 5:3.*

7 What about your children who are growing up in the truth? They too are Bible learners. In fact, it is your parents who are the most important Bible learners. The Bible says: “Draw near to God, and he will draw near to you.” (John 4:8; 1 Ex. 28:9) If you do things that bring you close to Jehovah, he will draw close to you. Jehovah loves you.

* Referring to the "Bodane" section at the end of each lesson in the Good Luck! book will help you apply what you learn.

7. What should a child who grows up in the truth think about?

RELIGIOUS RELATIONSHIPS

8 If you are a baptized Christian, you have shown in many ways that you have faith in the ransom. For example, you have made changes in your life to live according to Jehovah’s commandments. You have obeyed Jesus’ command to preach and make disciples. You have committed yourself to Jehovah and been baptized. It is not because you have lived according to Jehovah’s truth that someone has been raised from the dead. (2 Tim. 3:12) But because you have lived according to the truth and walked in it, it shows that you love Jehovah and appreciate the ransom that he has provided through his Son.—Heb. 12:2, 3.

9 If a man be a born Christian, let him be careful of any temptation, which may come at any time;

* See the article, “Resilience—‘Go and Be Resilient’,” in the December 2017 Watchtower to help you find spiritual strength.

8. How does a born-again Christian demonstrate faith in redemption?

9. What potential dangers should a born-again Christian be aware of?

22 ORIGIN OF ARANE

Paragraph 11: Line 1: "ɛsɔn-" / "yɛ" -> "ɛhemɔkɛyeli". Line 3: "ɛzoanvo-" / "lɛ" -> "ɛzoanlɔ". Line 7: "gyi-" / "ma" -> "gyima". Paragraph 12: Line 1: "ɛhu-" / "jɔɔlɛ" -> "ɛhulolɛ". Line 7: "‘ɛhu-" / "jɔɔlɛ" -> "‘ɛhulolɛ". Last line: "mɔɔ ɛyɛ" - wait, does paragraph 12 end with "mɔɔ ɛyɛ"? Let's check the bottom of paragraph 12: "(Fel. 2:13) Kɔ zo di ngyehyeleɛ mɔɔ ɛyɛ" Yes, it cuts off at the bottom of the page! The sentence continues on the next page! Wait, let's verify exact text: Line 8: "the grace and the power of God are with you." Line 9: "(Phil. 2:13) Be mindful of what you are" Yes, that's exactly what is printed. Now let's check Question 10: "10. How can you ‘be mindful’ of spiritual things that you should be? (1 Timothy 4:13, 15)" De-hyphenated "be-mindful" -> "mindful of". Now let's check Question 11-12: "11-12. If your efforts in true worship come to a halt for a short time, is it a sign that the Spirit of God has left you? (See also the illustration.)" Wait, is there any hyphen in 11-12? Let's check line breaks in Question 11-12: Line 1: "11-12.

JW.ORG

Ask yourself, ‘How can I ‘marry’ my relationship with Jehovah?’ (See box 16.)

And be confident that your love for Jehovah will only grow as you strive to do the right thing.

13 It may be helpful to examine ourselves in accordance with 2 Corinthians 13:5. It says: “Go and see if they are in the faith; go and test them.” Instead, we can ask ourselves: ‘Am I showing the glory of the Kingdom in my life?’ (Matt. 6:33) ‘Am I showing sinfulness in the things I do?’ (Ps. 97:10) ‘Am I doing things that promote harmony and openness among my brothers and sisters?’ (Eph. 4:2, 3) Fasting—which is a time of reflection on Jehovah’s redemptive work—affords us an opportunity to examine ourselves and determine our commitment to and devotion to Christ.

WHAT THEY HAVE FROM THE EARTH

14 Some Christians who have served Jehovah faithfully for a decade or even many years drop out of school. What is the reason? “Anxious thoughts” about certain things. (Luke 21:34) The words or behaviour of a fellow believer upsets some of the elders. (John 3:2) Or perhaps it is a serious sin that makes them seek help. Regardless of what happened, if you are a member of the congregation, what can you do? What can Jehovah’s loving ransom enable you to do?

15 Consider how Jehovah feels about those in the congregation. He is concerned about them. Therefore, he is looking for a flock of sheep. He feeds them and helps them return to him. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.) Would Jehovah be like that for you? Yes! Even this word that comes out of his mouth shows unselfishness. Since Jehovah sees what is in your heart and loves you in his truth, will he never forgive you or forsake you?

16 Some Words of Encouragement

13. How can we walk in the light if we are ‘in the faith’?

14. Why are some Christians excluded from the church?

15. What does Jehovah say about the people of the church? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

16. What will help those in the congregation to come to Jehovah? (See also the illustration.)

24 THE BIRTH OF ARANE

In the brochure Save Jehovah, it says: “Be confident that when the time comes, Jehovah will help you. He will help you overcome depression and sadness, and restore your unsettled spirit. He will strengthen you and renew your service to Jehovah’s people.” Also, church leaders will be willing to help you. They can be “your strength in times of trouble, and your strength in times of trouble.” (Isa. 1:18; 1 Peter 2:25) For example, can you attend classes in the Kingdom Hall? Can you tell a church elder that you want to come to Jehovah? Maybe he will arrange for someone to study the Bible with you at some time. You can be confident that Jehovah will make the effort to bring you to Him and to your understanding of the redemption.

HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE?

17 Jesus said that Jehovah offered his life “so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but have eternal life.” (John 3:16) This is the way that Jehovah is redeeming us from sin and death. No one of us should underestimate this gift. (Col. 3:23, 24; 2 Cor. 6:1) As Easter approaches, we will have the opportunity to reflect on the love that Jehovah and Jesus have shown us, and this love will inspire us to be thankful for what they will do.

18 What do you do if you don’t accept the ransom? It depends on how each person responds to this question. But you can be confident that Jehovah has shown himself and other servants many times that they “will not live in the flesh again, but will return to serve the dead and the resurrected.”—2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. How can we spend our time more productively while celebrating the coming of the New Year?

WHAT IF YOU HAVE A BOYFRIEND OR GIRLFRIEND?

Bible sukoavoma

Born Christians

Those from the community

EDWAWN 14

Beye Kabaka Fofolɛ Ne Ayele

MARCH 30–APRIL 5, 2026

EDWƐNE 76

How Good Is It?

BODANE

It will teach us how to be truthful and how to communicate the truth of the Bible in the most effective way.

The Truth in Infinity

“Jehovah, the faithful God.”—EDW. 31:5.

WHEN we ask someone who has believed in Jehovah for a long time, one of the questions we often ask is, “How did you come to know the truth?” Some say they have “come to know the truth.” Others say it takes time for them to “come to know the truth.” They answer in these ways because the truth in God’s Word permeates all of our lives. Why? Because we know that in order to remain part of Jehovah’s family, we must show that we love the truth and practice it. This means that we must be faithful in our thoughts and actions.—Psalm 15:1-3.

2 Jesus always spoke the truth. Even the devil knew that He was speaking the truth even though He was not sure about the word. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus predicted how people would behave in the face of the truth: “The son will rise up against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the bride against her bridegroom.” (Matt. 10:35) It was not that Jesus was afraid that people would rise up against Him, but He knew what was going to happen. (Matt. 23:37) He knew that his message would divide the world into two groups—those who loved the Bible truth and those who rejected it.—2 Thess. 2:9-11.

1. What must we do to belong to Jehovah’s family?

2. (a) How was Jesus regarded? (b) How did the truth that Jesus taught influence people?

26

3 Just as Jesus said, we strive to be faithful, even if it means we have to face criticism. We strive to speak the Bible truth, no matter what people might think. Does that mean we shouldn’t care about how or when we speak? No! In this article, we’ll answer the questions: How can we speak the truth? And: Why should we speak the truth? How should we speak the Bible truth? When should we speak the truth? The knowledge of these skills helps us to be more discerning in how to present ourselves and to choose the right time to speak the truth of the Bible.

WHY ARE WE IN THIS SITUATION?

4 Jehovah is truthful. Everything he says is true. For example, everything he says about good and evil is true. (Heb. 19:9; 119:142, 151) Everything he says about nature is true. (Isa. 55:10, 11) He is always righteous. (Num. 23:19) Indeed, God does not listen to evil! (Heb.

5 Regardless of what people say, it is not possible for us to know Jehovah, “the True One.” The promise that he exists is binding. (Col. 1:20) When Paul addressed a group of Greek scholars in Athens, he said that God wanted to be “known” and “to be seen in every one of us.” (Read Judges 17:27.) Indeed, Jehovah looks up to those who look for the truth.—John 6:44.

6 One way to learn more about Jehovah is to study the Bible. God inspired the people who wrote it with the help of his holy spirit. (2 Peter 1:20, 21) Everything in the Bible is true and can be applied to our lives. For example, we can examine what it says about the creation of heaven and earth and the origin of life on earth. (Gen. 1:1, 26) We can examine what it says about why we all sin and why we suffer so much. (Heb. 5:12; 6:23) When Jehovah uses his Son to take care of the things that Satan, “the master of all evil,” is destroying, we can live happily forever. (John 8:44; Rev. 16:20) We can also look forward to the Bible’s promise that Jesus will destroy the wicked, destroy evil, make the earth a paradise, and prepare us for eternal life. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) Take advantage of the opportunity Jehovah has given us! He teaches us the truth about himself and allows us to teach others.—Matt. 28:19, 20.

WHAT DOES THE DEVOTIONAL DO WHEN WE GO TO THE CHURCH?

7 As we know, if we wish to belong to the household of Jehovah, we must speak the truth. But if we speak the truth, we are listening.

3. What will we discuss in this article?

4. How can we know that Jehovah is true?

5. What does it mean to know the ‘True One’? Teach. (Proverbs 17:27)

6. What are some of the truths of the Bible, and why is it important to be sure of those truths?

7-8. Is it important how we speak the truth? Let’s take an example. (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also the illustration.)

JANUARY 2026 27

When we teach people the truth, why should we be afraid of the consequences? (See box 7-8.)

(Read Mark 3:11, 12.) While Jesus was preaching in a place near the Sea of Galilee, crowds of people came to see him. Some of them were possessed by evil spirits and threw themselves in front of him, saying, “This is the Son of God.” Why did the evil spirits tell this truth about Jesus? It must have been to cause believers to lose their faith and worship Jehovah. And the word of the devils was true, but they were perplexed. And Jesus, knowing their perplexity, was troubled at them. And he charged them that they should tell no man of him.

8 What can we learn from this story? Our attitude in speaking the truth matters to Jehovah. So, how important it is that we use a positive attitude in speaking the truth, and not our own attitude but that of Jehovah!—Matt. 5:16; see Deut. 14:12-15.

9 In order to be honest with ourselves, consider the following situation. Suppose we were telling someone a falsehood that a brother told us. If the people we were telling them saw that what we were saying was true, they might reject us and think that we were telling a lot of falsehood. This might please the people, but it would not please God. (Mark. 11:13) Why? Because we were not only telling a falsehood, but we were also telling the truth with a false mind.

WHEN IT HAPPENED IN OUR COUNTRY

10 Read Colossians 4:6. The apostle Paul urged the Christians in Colosse to speak “always with goodness.”

9. What should not be done, and why?

10. What does it mean when we are told to speak “in the Spirit”? (Colossians 4:6)

28th ANNIVERSARY

What does this mean? The Greek word used in the verse indicates not only that we should speak in a way that would please the ruler, but also that we should speak in an honorable way.

11 When we teach the truth, it is important to follow Paul's advice to use a gracious language. The light of the Bible uses the truth as a mirror of our inner selves and minds. In other words, it lets us see our feelings and thoughts. (Heb. 4:12) But if we use the Bible improperly, it can lead to anger and anger. How can this be?

12 Imagine this situation: Suppose we are in a class and we meet a young man who is very prayerful and devoted.

11-12. Why should we carefully examine the truth? Yes. (See also the illustration.)

We can use the Bible to convince the man that it is foolish to pray to a dead god and to avoid the feasts of Easter and Epiphany. (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) If we do this in our daily life, we will not only have the truth, but we will also be using the Word of God properly.

13 Paul also said that his ministers should be cautious in what they say. Not that he meant that we should not speak the truth or use the truth to persuade people. Instead, he meant that when we speak the truth to people, we should do so in a manner that makes the word appeal to those who hear it. (Deuteronomy 12:11) This openness does not come by accident. For example, if we are having a meal, we should have something to eat.

13. How can we improve our speech?

How can one present the truth in an appropriate way?

(See Figures 11-12.)

Follow Jesus’ example when deciding when to speak the truth and what to say about it (See picture 15).

This is not the case. For example, in some cultures, people don't speak rudely, even if the person they are talking to is older than them. Others in the same culture may not like rude speech, or even react angrily. Paul tells us that we "must be kind to everyone." This means that we should not think in terms of what our husband is doing, or what the people in the house are doing, but in terms of what our master is doing.

WHAT DOES IT DO TO MAKE YOU HAPPY?

14 Jesus always spoke beautifully to His disciples, and taught them many things in mystery. (Mark 6:34) But there was still much to be learned. Jesus did not try to teach them all that He knew. He knew that He was being strengthened by the Spirit. He knew that time was running out for them to know certain truths of the Bible. He even said that they would not accept those truths. (John 16:12) What does this tell us?

15 The example of Jesus teaches us that if we know the truth of the Bible, we do not have to teach people everything we know directly. How can we follow the example of Jesus? We need to consider one's own situation. Consider again the man who is angry about his family's celebrations of Bologna and Easter. We know that these celebrations are based on paganism and not God's will. But suppose he went to Bologna once or twice and promised to study the Bible with the boy. Would we let him?

14. When Jesus was on earth, did He teach His disciples everything He knew? He did.

15. Should we learn everything we know from Bible scholars? Yes. (Proverbs 25:11) (See also the illustration.)

30th ANNIVERSARY

If what the Bible says about the various forms of paganism makes us hope that it will remain unchanged from the time of the Bologna Conciliation, wouldn’t it be time to change our discourse? Indeed, some Bible scholars apply what they learn immediately. Others do not. Saying what Bible scholars know when it’s appropriate, that is, when it’s appropriate to do so, will help us to be inspired.—Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 The many pleasures and joys that come from helping others learn the truth about Jehovah are incalculable. By doing the right things, we will help others “to come to the truth”: Be a good example.

16. How can we help our Bible students to "grow in the truth"?

(3 John 3, 4) Look at how your behavior reflects the various promises of God’s Word. Be sincere. If you’re teaching someone the truth, be polite, use the right words at the right time. Or if you’re someone’s spokesperson, bring the complaint to Jehovah. If you do, it will show that you are Jehovah, the true God.

EXAMPLE 29: In the first image, a brother recognizes his witness on the Christmas tree and tells him the story of the Bolonya deception. In the second image, the brother tells his witness the story of the sesame seeds. Which of these two scenarios is correct?

HOW DID YOU GET TO SCHOOL?

■ Gyima ne 17:27

Colossians 4:6

Proverbs 25:11

EDWƐNE 160

“Edwɛkpa”!

THE WORLD IS GOD'S WORLD

January 2026 | Vol. 147, No. 1 NZEMA

ABOUT THE MAGAZINE

Bible Study Topics for March 2-8 2

“Sunset Viewing” Is Not the Same as “Sunrise Viewing” · Global Voices

Bible Study Topics for March 9-15 8

It Can Be Described As A Line From A Point To A Point.

Bible Study Topics for March 16-22 14

Why We Meet

Bible Study Topics for March 23-29 20

What Does It Mean to Be a Scientist?

Bible Study March 30–April 5 26

The Truth in Infinity

DEBIE WHAT'S GOING ON IN OUR COUNTRY

Search Bible Texts by Subject

There are many examples in the Bible that teach us important lessons. Visualizing them in our minds will help us better understand and benefit from what we are reading. Here are some ideas that can help you visualize the Bible.

• Read it deeply. A deep reading of the Bible can help you get a better picture of what you are going through. A family Bible study can help you adapt the message to each person's level of understanding.

• Imagine a situation: Try to imagine how the people in the situation were thinking and feeling. For example, ask yourself: 'Why did this person say that or act that way? If I were in that situation, how would I feel or think?'

• The Prophet: If a prophet is mentioned in the Bible, it can help us visualize and relate to him, even if we don't know exactly what he was.

Donate this book. It supports the worldwide Bible teaching work through heartfelt donations. If you would like to support us, please visit donate.jw.org.

For a different definition, see The Complete Bible—An English-Hebrew Dictionary.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Visit the jw.org website or one of these websites

JW.ORG

w26.01-NZ