SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE UNITED NATIONS

APPLICATION

Having recognized the uniqueness of all human beings, it would be the basis for the freedom, justice, and well-being of the human race in the universe.

As it became apparent that the misuse of freedom, which is inherent in every human being, could lead only to the destruction of humanity, the conscience of man was moved against this evil practice, and it was resolved that, in the future, man should live in freedom, freely express his aspirations, serve his faith, be free from oppression, and live in such poverty as would not endanger his existence,

Recognizing that it is necessary to uphold the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen, so as to ensure that oppression and tyranny shall not lead any person to abandon himself to slavery,

Considering that it is essential to promote international cooperation for the benefit of all peoples,

Whereas the United Nations has declared in its Declaration on the Rights of the Child that, in accordance with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, every human being, whether man or woman, is equal in dignity and rights, and whereas it looks forward to promoting through such measures the realization of human rights and fundamental freedoms and of a better life for all,

Whereas the States Parties to the Charter have committed themselves to ensuring the observance of the Charter and the full realization of the rights and freedoms of all persons, and to observing the Agreement in cooperation with the United Nations,

Acknowledging that the principles of participation and independence are essential to the fulfilment of this commitment,

SIXTH DUKE FAMILY RELATIONSHIP WITH THE FAMILY:

This Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen of the United Nations is an instrument of universal obligation for all peoples of the world. It is the hope of the General Assembly that individuals and organizations of all nations will, by their active participation in the promotion and protection of this Declaration, promote its universal recognition and application. This will facilitate its universal understanding and acceptance and will contribute to the promotion of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the United Nations. It is hoped that the Declaration will be extended to the sovereign and dependent territories for their full implementation.

SECTION 1

All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with intellect and conscience and are bound to live together in complete harmony.

SECTION 2-LIA

Everyone shall enjoy the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status.

Moreover, there should be no discrimination in the life of any individual or in the relations of his or her nation with other nations. Similarly, no distinction should be made between the nationality of a person and that of any other nation, whether developed or developing.

SECTION 3-LIA

Everyone should live in freedom and security.

SECTION 4-LIA

No one is allowed to serve or be appointed to serve, and slavery and other forms of exploitation are prohibited in various ways.

SECTION 5-LIA

A person is treated with kindness, respect, and no harm is done to him or her, nor is he or she allowed to feel uncomfortable.

SECTION 6-LIA

Every person in the world will be treated as a human being in accordance with the law.

SECTION 7-LIA

People are equal in the creation of the law and they will take part in the law in different ways.

SECTION 8-LIA

Each individual has jurisdiction in the courts of the nation for decisions concerning matters of his or her liberty as protected by the Constitution.

SECTION 9-LIA

No one shall be arbitrarily detained, imprisoned, or confined within the territory of the State.

SECTION 10-LIA

A person in a critical situation is brought before the courts of the nation, where a panel of independent judges decides on his or her liability, his or her obligations, and any threats that may be made to him or her.

SECTION 11-LIA

No one shall be held guilty of any offence under the laws of his own country or of any foreign country in which he is a national.

No one shall be held responsible for any act contrary to the laws of any country or government in the circumstances in which the act was committed, nor shall any person be held responsible for any act other than his or her own fault in the circumstances in which the act was committed.

SECTION 12-LIA

No person shall be entitled to interfere in another person's private life, family, or household. No person shall be entitled to make any inference about another person's personal affairs. Nor shall any person be entitled to denigrate or disparage another person. The law allows a person to whom such measures are imposed to defend himself against the enforcement of the law.

SECTION 13-LIA

Americans have traveled to every country in the world, in their own unique way, but one does not find that one knows the culture of the country into which one has migrated.

Everyone has the right to leave his or her own country and to return to his or her own country.

SECTION 14-LIA

There is an opportunity for an individual, in the event of war in a foreign country, to seek refuge.

Participation in the Assembly allows for the representation of interests that do not fall within the scope of international law or that do not comply with the rules and regulations of the United Nations.

SECTION 15-LIA

The right to self-determination belongs to the individual.

No one shall be deprived of his or her nationality, nor shall any person be permitted to change his or her nationality.

SECTION 16-LIA

There is an opportunity for men and women of good standing who are able to marry to choose the right person, to form a family, without prejudice of race, color or religion. There is a great opportunity for them to choose each other, and to be able to live together in harmony.

Marriage shall not be compelled upon any man. The marriage shall be for the age of the two spouses.

In nature, the family is the basic unit of human society, and it is the duty of every nation to ensure the well-being of the family.

SECTION 17-LIA

There is a possibility that the ownership could be held by one individual and that it could be held by that individual and others in the family.

They shall not be relied upon to assume the responsibility of any person.

SECTION 18-LIA

Everyone is free to choose his or her own religion, to exercise his or her religious convictions as he or she chooses, and to worship in the way he or she chooses. This freedom means that a person may live out his or her beliefs and worship in any other way he or she chooses. He or she is also free to remain alone or to associate with others in religious practices. He or she may express his or her religious beliefs publicly or privately in any way he or she chooses.

SECTION 19-LIA

This is the opportunity to reflect on oneself in a free way. This means that no one has the right to impose his or her views on others. It is also the opportunity to learn from others and to influence others in the direction of the ideas that emerge from the discussions. In these discussions, even new ideas do not have the right to be expressed.

SECTION 20-LIA

The right to freedom of peaceful assembly and association is a fundamental human right.

No one is expected to be in a particular position.

SECTION 21-LIA

Each member state has a seat in its national government, either directly or through delegates appointed by the Convention.

There is an opportunity for each major country to participate in the development assistance provided by the international community.

Each State has a right of self-determination over its territory. This right shall be exercised in accordance with the provisions of the present Convention. In the exercise of this right, States Parties shall exercise their sovereignty in accordance with the provisions of the present Convention.

SECTION 22-LIA

Each Member State has a responsibility for international peace and security, which should be reflected in the importance it attaches to its own national security and international cooperation, as well as in the importance it attaches to the promotion and protection of the rights and fundamental freedoms of other States and of international humanitarian and political organizations, such as the United Nations and its specialized agencies.

SECTION 23-LIA

Performance motivates individuals to do the best they can, to pursue their personal goals, and to strive for the highest possible level of achievement.

The assignment of equal rights to equal functions in a hierarchy, with equal opportunities for each individual, but different responsibilities.

There is an opportunity for everyone to provide for themselves, their spouses and children in a way that is consistent with the standards of human dignity and, in the event of need, to be supported as a member of the workforce.

America seeks to establish new organizations or add to any existing ones for the sake of its cultural heritage.

SECTION 24-LIA

There is an opportunity for an individual who is a civil servant to be relieved of his or her duties in certain special circumstances but to be charged with a debt. No debt is charged to the individual in respect of the circumstances in which the debt was incurred.

REPORT OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL ON ITS 25TH SESSION

A life of well-being allows a person to contribute to the maintenance of himself, his spouse and children by providing them with food, clothing, shelter, health care, and other supports necessary for social life. If a person is unemployed, he or she has the opportunity to receive support in the event of unemployment or disability, the death of a spouse, injury or illness, or other hazards that render him or her incapable of doing anything for himself or herself.

Special attention and support should be given to mothers and children. A distinction should be made between children whose parents have a good relationship with each other and those whose parents do not have a good relationship with each other.

SECTION 26-LIA

There is an opportunity for everyone to receive a degree. These degrees will be awarded at the beginning of the year. It is necessary to encourage people to receive a degree. There should be opportunities to receive a degree in technical and special services. In the case of long-term scholarships, it will be possible for those who have the means to apply for these degrees.

It is the goal of the United Nations to promote the realization of the full potential of all human beings. It is the goal of the United Nations to promote the principles of human dignity and freedom by promoting respect for these principles. It is the goal of the United Nations to promote mutual understanding and friendship among peoples of different nations, languages and faiths. It is the goal of the United Nations to promote peace in the world.

Parents decide what kind of education they want their children to receive.

SECTION 27-LIA

Participation in life is open to everyone. This means that there is an opportunity for everyone to take part in and benefit from the advances of science and technology.

An opportunity to change a person's life through employment. This opportunity could be a reward, a gift, or any other form of recognition of the person's contribution to the workplace.

SECTION 28-LIA

Everyone has the right to a national or international institution in which the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration will be fully respected.

SECTION 29-LIA

The status of a developing nation is achieved by each nation where its freedom and full human dignity are attained.

It is incumbent upon everyone, in the exercise of his rights and freedoms, to abide by the arrangements established by law for the recognition and respect of the rights and freedoms of others, so as to attain a standard of living, peace and harmony, in which the dignity of human persons is safeguarded.

The issue of autonomy and independence should not be handled in a manner that is contrary to the objectives and aspirations of the United Nations.

SECTION 30-LIA

Nothing in this Declaration shall be construed as implying the exclusivity of the enjoyment of the rights and freedoms set forth herein to any particular nation, group or person.