2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2

MƆLEBƐBO

Whereas the movement and accuracy and uniformity of the Earth in Unity produces a more harmonious, precise and harmony in the universe,

At the same time as human beings are being deprived of their fundamental human rights by a series of corrupting inventions, and a future world in which every person will be free to profess any religion he wants, and hold any belief he wants, is being made apparent, this is a far more optimistic prospect for the future.

At the same time, if it is necessary to ensure that man will not be deprived of courage and patience, it is necessary to decree that man's rights must be upheld,

Whereas it is necessary to preserve peace among the peoples of the world,

Whereas the members of the United States of America continue to uphold their beliefs in the rights of man, his dignity, and the strict rights of men and women as enshrined in a human rights charter called the "Charter" and are committed to helping to achieve the peace and well-being of mankind in complete freedom,

Whereas the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the Declaration of the Rights of the Child promise to ensure to everyone the enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms,

While a clear understanding of these terms and certainties is essential to the validity or reliability of the promise,

Ati, Kɛkala

MAAMGBOLE KOYƐLƐ AYIA NE

Do not use it

2.1.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2.2

is that which is desired for every man and every woman, so that every man and every woman may live forever. This observance in its mind is directed to the teaching and observance of these principles and virtues, and will be applied in such a way, to man and to woman, as to enable the betterment and well-being of all the members of the human race, both in the present and in the future.

Section 1

All human beings are born into a state of darkness and despair. They lack reason and reasoning, and therefore need to exercise compassion to get out of it.

Section 2

Each right shall entitle to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration. It shall not constitute a distinction or discrimination of any kind based on group, ethnic origin, race or gender, language, religion, political or other belief, national or social origin, physical or mental disability, age or other status.

Nor should one feel any distinction or preference in the manner, justice, or treatment of the people of the nation or place where one is born. Whether the nation does, does not, or will not, there is no distinction or preference of any kind.

Section 3

Everyone should have the right to life, liberty and death.

Section 4

It should not be universal. Openness and tolerance should be promoted in every way.

Article 5

They may not be cynical or cruel, vicious or haughty, or spiteful.

Article 6

By law, anywhere a person enters, there must be an identification of that person as a human being.

Article 7

According to the law, all persons shall be equal before the law without distinction or doctrine contrary to the law. All persons shall have the right to equal defence against any doctrine or doctrine contrary to this Declaration and against any act which may injure the right to equal defence.

Article 8

Everyone has the right that any action taken against the rights granted by an administrative order or statute must be brought before the courts.

Article 9

It may include detention, deportation or removal of a person from a state when it violates law or order.

Article 10

Decisions regarding the rights and duties of any person, or the conviction of any person as guilty of a crime, should be made by independent and impartial courts.

Article 11

Any person accused of a crime of which he or she is guilty has the right to have his or her case heard before a court of law and to be heard by a court of law in the manner prescribed by law. Before appearing before a court of law he or she must be furnished with the necessary means of defence.

It should not excuse any person from any offence which at the time of its commission was not a crime against the state or national law. Nor should it exclude the person from the enjoyment of any right at the time of the commission of the offence.

Article 12

It should not incite attacks on a person's dignity, family, home, or religion, or incite hatred or denigration of a person's religious beliefs.

Article 13

Every animal has the right to move from where it is born to wherever it chooses.

Every citizen has the right to travel freely within the borders of any state and to enter and leave the territory of any state.

Article 14

Every human being has the right that in case of danger in his own country he may flee to another country in order to seek refuge or protection.

If a person's behaviour is inappropriate or inappropriate, or is contrary to the laws and objectives of the United Nations, then the other nations have no right to interfere with or prevent its implementation.

Article 15

Every man has the right to be an ecologist.

Not every homosexuality should be excluded as a sexual orientation, nor should anyone be prevented from pursuing homosexuality where it is prohibited by law.

Article 16

Married men and women, regardless of race, nationality, or religion, are entitled to live together and have the same rights and duties in marriage as in all other matters relating to marriage and family life.

The two people must be allowed to look at each other.

Parents and children are a constituent part of a household or group of people, and therefore must be recognized as members of the group and the community in which they live.

Article 17

Every man has the right to inherit from his master, but he also has the right to subdivide his inheritance.

No one should be deprived of his inheritance unless legally permitted.

Article 18

Every person of faith has the right to freely think and to profess whatever religion or belief he or she chooses, and also has the right to freely manifest or associate with others in private or public places his or her religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance.

Article 19

Each person has the right to think and express what he wants; he also has the right to take any position in any way he wants, to listen and to speak to others and to make them take any position.

Article 20

Each desire leads to a state of peace or equanimity.

He can't afford to send the dead back to hell.

Article 21

Each citizen has the right to vote, in the state in which he or she resides, to be elected to the State Assembly, or to assist others in becoming elected to the State Assembly.

Each nation has the right to enjoy the benefits of national service within that nation.

The will of the disciple is the authority of the Holy Spirit; he expresses this will at all times and in the truest expression that no one else can allow him either in his own home or in any other way without any difficulty.

Article 22

Each member of a group belongs to the nation and should contribute to the efforts and resources of the nation, and each nation should use its power, prestige, wealth, human and material resources to ensure that every person has the right to dignity and security.

Article 23

Every man has the right to the occupation of his choice, and has the right to enjoy the enjoyment of that occupation.

Each individual is entitled to do what he or she can to benefit as much as someone else doing the same would benefit him or her.

Each worker should be given the best opportunity to improve his or her situation and that of his or her children. He or she should also have the same rights as the rest of the population of the country.

Any wish has the right to be fulfilled even if it is not a real wish.

Article 24

Each worker is entitled to a wage at his own discretion, and has a fixed time during which he works and a fixed time during which, if he does not work, he is entitled to a wage at his discretion.

Article 25

Every human being is entitled to adequate conditions for himself and his children as regards subsistence, food, shelter, clothing and health and other necessary necessities. They must not be deprived of the enjoyment of work, sport, beauty, entertainment or entertainment, reproduction or any other form of enjoyment of the common good.

Parents and children should be treated with respect and kindness. Each child, whether he or she is sick or not, should be treated with respect and kindness.

Article 26

Every child has the right to study. It should not be possible to omit any part of the curriculum, even the elementary curriculum. Elementary curriculum should be compulsory for every child. People should be allowed to study mathematics and physics and chemistry. But anyone who makes an effort can study extensively.

It is meant to study the individual in his or her best circumstances and how the individual's rights and freedoms are respected. It is meant to study the understanding, interaction and relations between nations, peoples or religions and to assist in the implementation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.

Parents have the right to choose what kind of education they want for their children.

Article 27

Each religion has the right to participate in all the activities that are carried out in the particular country or region, and to enjoy the benefits of cultural and scientific knowledge.

Each person has the right to copyright in any written, written or performed work.

Article 28

Everyone has the right to associate with other individuals and groups in order to enjoy the benefits of the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration.

Article 29

He uses every opportunity to make his presence felt among his fellow human beings in order to gain their sympathy or hostility.

If each person exercises his rights and freedoms, it does not mean that he has the right to violate the law; he must respect the rights and freedoms of others and abide by the laws of the state which promote harmony, peace and social security.

These coordinates and azimuths can be used to define the topographical or geographical objects and paths defined by the Land Survey.

Article 30

No right in this Declaration excludes the right of any nation, group of peoples, or individual to act in detriment of the rights and freedoms set forth herein.