We're not saying, we're not saying

Behold, the wicked have wrestled with me'

And it came to pass at the time of his birth, that he said, There is a man with whom he had a feast, and there was no beast; and he said, I believe in him, and he said unto me, Hear, I pray thee, if thou wilt kill me, and hide me in my vineyard. And he said, Behold, I will come to thee seven days, and thou shalt bury me seven days. And he said, Behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee; and behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee; and behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee; and behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee, and I am with thee; and behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee, and I am with thee; and behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee; and behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee; and behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee; and behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee; and behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee; and behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee; and behold, I am with thee, and I am with thee. And it came to pass in the morning, when the elephant was dead, that the elephant took the elephant, and gave it to him; and the elephant fought with the elephant, and he said, Are you well? And the elephant said, I am well. And the elephant stood up, and went to his house. And he took the elephant, and fought with it. And he fought, and fought with the elephant, and fought with the elephant, and said, Behold, my father, the elephant is come, and hear thy voice, and bring forth thy son. And the elephant said, Come, and fight with me. And he fought with the elephant, and fought with the elephant. And it came to pass, when he came to the house of Esau, that he said to him, Thou shalt eat; and he said, Thou shalt eat. And he said, Thou shalt eat. And he said, Thou shalt eat. And he said, Thou shalt drink. And he said, Thou shalt eat. And he said, Thou shalt eat. And it came to pass in the morning, when he came to the house of Esau, that he said, My head shall be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off; and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off, and his head shall not be cut off. The ant said, "Kantinka, are you well?" The ant said, "Oh, I am well". The ant said, "O pray". The ant said, "O pray". The ant said, "O pray". The ant said, "O pray again". The ant said, "O pray again". The ant said, "O pray again". The ant said, "O pray again". The ant said, "O pray again". The ant said, "O pray again". The ant said, "O pray again". And it came to pass, when the king of Israel came to the king of Egypt, that the king of Judah said to the king of Judah, Behold, the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah; and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah is going to the king of Judah, and the king of Judah, and the king of Judah, and the king of Judah. And he said, Yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, And it came to pass in the days of Jacob, that the king of Judah said to the king of Judah, Behold, the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming, and the king of Judah is coming.

My testimony is good; and if not, believe it; and if not, believe me.