We said, "Don't say no".

OBA KWASEA of the human race

And he said, We are not with him, because he has not gone out of our house. And he was foolish, and he built a house in the country, and the sand of the city was upon him; and he was a fool, and played with it; and he was a fool, and his children were with him. And he went up one day to the field, and said, Behold, there is a man of war sitting in the den; and he said, Who is the man of war? And he said, Behold, we have not seen him. And he said, Behold, he was a man of war; and he came to the house of the soldiers, and said, Behold, there is a man of war. And the soldiers did not turn back. And he said unto his sons, Take a game of swords which I have, and give me my sword. And he knew not that the sword was of the sword, for the head of the sword was cut off; and he took it, and cast it out; and when he had eaten, he said, Eat not; and he said unto him, Eat not. And he said, Let not my head fall upon me. And he said, Let not my head fall upon the head of the sword, but let us go to war with the nations; and let us cut off the head of the sword, and let it fall upon the head of the sword. And he lifted up his hands, and let it go forth. And it came to pass, when the fool came to him, that he said, Come, I pray thee, and let us call him. And he said, How are you? And they said to him, Because of the word of the man called, And his sons said, Say not to the man, Is this fool wise? And he said, I say unto him. And he took him, and said, Take, I pray thee, and let us fight in my city. And he and his brethren took the sheep and the heads of the fools, and fought in the city. And we went into his city, and said to the fools, Sit down, and play a little. And he sat down, and beat him, and sang:

I was born to Ena, and I was born to Kasea, and I was born to Huroth.

I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father, and I was born to my father.

She bore me Huroth, and Huroth was my mother's child.

And Ena bore me a son, a son by the name of Kusea, a son by the name of Huroth.

Ena bore me a son-in-law, Hurothom".

The young man had gone out to play, and the fool came to him and said, 'Come, let us fight your hair.' He went with him to the house and said, 'Take my hair to me alone.' He said, "Father, I beg you, leave me alone". And the young man said, "Please, take this". Then he knelt down and said, "Thank you, thank you, and say, 'Come, fool, you have no teeth.'

What I am saying is good, and what I am not saying is bad. Take it and lose it.