July 2026

The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. Jehovah's Kingdom is the Kingdom of God

It will be held from September 7 to October 4, 2026

September 7-13, 2026

88th Song

Make Me Know Your Ways

The Reason

In this article, we will consider the example of the Gibeonites and how Jehovah dealt with them.

Follow the Example of the Gibeonites

The Gibeonites made peace with Israel, and they lived among them. - Josh. 10:1.

IN 1473 B.C.E., as the nation of Israel was about to enter the Promised Land, Jehovah helped the Israelites to conquer the cities of Jericho and Ai, but something unexpected happened.

2 The first recorded mention of the Gibeonites is not the last. The Bible record shows that the Gibeonites and the Israelites lived together for centuries.

Respect Yourself and Be Discerning

3 The Gibeonites were in a fortified city at Gibeon when the Israelites began conquering the land of Canaan. There were seven nations in the land of Canaan whose inhabitants were more numerous and stronger than the Israelites, including the Hivites, whose capital city was Gibeon. (Deut. 7:1) The Gibeonites were fierce warriors.

1-2. Why is the story of the Gibeonites important to us?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did they want to make peace with Israel?

2

The Gibeonites tricked Joshua into making peace with them (See paragraph 4)

(Ex. 34:11; Josh. 9:24) So when the Israelites conquered Jericho and Ai, the Gibeonites sent messengers* to Joshua at Gilgal to make peace with him.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeonites deceived Joshua into thinking that they had come from a very distant land, claiming that they had heard that Jehovah God had made them victorious over the kings of Egypt and the Amorites, Sihon and Og. (Josh. 9:14, 15) The Israelites soon realized that the Gibeonites had deceived them, but because the Gibeonites had already sworn an oath to Jehovah, Israel's God, they had to abide by the covenant. (Josh. 9:16-19) The Gibeonites were hired to collect grain and water for the congregation and for Jehovah's altar. - Josh. 9:27.

5 Five Amorite kings conspired against Gibeon when they heard that the Gibeonites had made peace with Israel, and the Gibeonites begged Joshua to deliver them.

* The messengers from Gibeon and the Hivites may have borrowed from three other cities - Kephira, Beeroth, and Kirjath-jearim. - Josh. 9:17.

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites deceive the Israelites? (See also picture.) (b) What happened when Joshua learned that they had been deceived?

5. How did the Gibeonites exercise faith in Jehovah?

July 2026 3

With the help of the Gibeonites and Jehovah's help, Jehovah miraculously caused heavy hail to fall on the Amorites' army and caused the sun to stand still until Israel's complete defeat. (Josh. 10:9-14) By making a covenant with Israel, the Gibeonites demonstrated their faith in Jehovah and their trust in his deliverance and fulfillment of his promises to his people.

6 What does this incident teach us about Jehovah? It teaches us that Jehovah is humble and merciful. Earlier, he told the Israelites to destroy all the inhabitants of the land, including the Gibeonites. (Deut. 33:51, 52) However, when the Israelites made peace with the Gibeonites, Jehovah showed mercy to the Gibeonites and allowed them to survive.

7 In what ways can we imitate the Gibeonites? We need to have complete faith in Jehovah. Since we know more about Jehovah than the Gibeonites do, we have many reasons to trust him even more. (Ps. 40:4, 5) Like the Gibeonites, we also need to be willing to accept simple assignments in Jehovah's service. (Josh. 9:23, 27) A young brother named Luke, who now serves at Bethel, recalls that an elderly brother at Bethel once volunteered for a simple assignment. Although the older brother had many responsibilities at Bethel and was used in many ways, he volunteered at night during the construction of a local Kingdom Hall. Luke says: "I learned from the brother that humility is not just a feeling but a quality that is reflected in our actions.

TRY JEHOVAH in the Face of Discourse

8 Hundreds of years later, during the reign of King Saul, the Gibeonites were again mentioned in the Bible, when Saul attacked Israel and Judah and set out to destroy the Gibeonites in Israel.* This resulted in the death of many Gibeonites. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) What an injustice!

9 Jehovah did not immediately punish those who had wronged the Gibeonites. However, when David became king of Israel, Jehovah wanted to settle the matter, and for three years he caused a severe famine in the land.

We do not know what caused Saul to do this, but some scholars say that Saul had become hostile toward the people of Israel.

6. What do we learn from Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we imitate the humility and faith of the Gibeonites? (See also picture.)

8. What bad deed did King Saul do to the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah expose the wickedness of the Gibeonites?

4 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Be humble, like the Gibeonites, and be willing to accept any assignment in the congregation (See paragraph 7)

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. When King David asked the Gibeonites what they wanted to do in response to Saul's injustice, did the Gibeonites take advantage of the opportunity to ask David for a large sum of money? No, they replied, not for silver or gold, since according to God's Law, a murderer deserving of death would not be punished. In time, Jehovah showed that he was pleased with the way the matter was handled. - 2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

Jehovah expects us to be kind to all people and to correct injustices against his servants in his due time. This example shows that just as Jehovah expects the Israelites to keep the peace covenant with the Gibeonites, so he expects us to keep our promises. - Compare Amos 1:9.

12 In what ways can we imitate the example of the Gibeonites? Even when we are treated unfairly, it is good to wait patiently for Jehovah to take action. This shows that we trust that Jehovah will correct matters at the proper time.

11 What does this incident teach us about Jehovah? It proves that Jehovah is always a God of justice.

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, how did the Gibeonites show respect for God's Law?

11. What do we learn about Jehovah from this experience?

12. How can we imitate the Gibeonites when we are treated unfairly?

July 2026

5

In 1940, Sister French was invited to return to Bethel, where she served faithfully for 50 years until completing her earthly ministry. Like sister French, we should continue to do what is right and wait patiently for Jehovah to take action at the right time. - Isa. 26:3, 4.

Worship Jehovah's Witnesses

The 70 years of Israelite exile in Babylon ended in 537 B.C.E. Two groups of Jews returned from exile in Babylon to Jerusalem. The first group was sent to Governor Zerubbabel. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Later, in 468 B.C.E., the second group was sent to the scribe Ezra. (Ezra 7:1-7) Both groups included the Netinim. (See footnotes at Ezra 2:58 and 7:7) Who were the two Netinim? These were temple builders who were not Israelites, and many of them were probably descendants of the Gibeonites.See the Introduction, Netinim.

14 Read 1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote. It is noteworthy that the temple servants were among the first Israelites to return from captivity. Not all of the Jews were willing to return. Many Jews may have worked hard and built luxurious homes in Babylon, so some did not want to give up their prosperity in Babylon to help with the work in Jerusalem. The Jews, who had land in Israel, were not like the Gibeonites, but they returned to serve Jehovah in the house of Jehovah and to help rebuild Jerusalem. - Neh. 3:26.

The descendants of the Gibeonites survived the destruction of Judah and Jerusalem in 607 B.C.E. After returning from captivity, they continued to support pure worship with the Levites at the temple. Some of them likely stayed at the temple. (Ezra 11:21) And because of the temple work, the Persian king ordered that taxes be withheld. - Ezra 7:24.

16 In what ways can we imitate the Gibeonites?

13. Who were the Nethinim, and what work have they done since returning from Babylonian captivity?

14. How did the Gibeonites continue to serve Jehovah faithfully? (1 Chronicles 9:2, footnote)

15. What does this account of the Gibeonites teach us about Jehovah?

16. How can we imitate the Gibeonites in Jehovah's worship?

6 What is the meaning of life?

We love Jehovah and want to do his will, so we are happy to make sacrifices as we serve him. This is exactly what Alwin, a brother in the Philippines, did. He worked in a large, well-paying oil refinery, but he wanted to do more in Jehovah's service. He knew that if he gave up his job, his financial situation would change, but he found a career that enabled him to pioneer, and both of them helped 21 people to come to the truth.

17 Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites have taught us much about his wonderful qualities. We have learned that Jehovah is generous, merciful, generous, and loyal. He always rewards his faithful servants. We have also learned valuable lessons from the Gibeonites. We have learned that we must wait patiently for Jehovah, trust that he will correct all wrongs in due time, and remain faithful in our service to Jehovah.

17. What have you learned from the Bible account of the Gibeonites?

How would you respond?

■ How can we show humility and faith like the Gibeonites?

■ When unjustly treated, how can we imitate the Gibeonites?

■ Like the Gibeonites, how can we continue to serve Jehovah faithfully?

148 - Jehovah, the Savior

September 14-20, 2026

Song 41 - Hear My Prayer, O God

WHY? When we are depressed or discouraged, meditating on the book of Isaiah can be a source of comfort.

The Book of Isaiah Can Give You Comfort

"'This is what Jehovah has said: . . . As a mother comforts her child, so I myself will comfort you.' - ISA. 66:12, 13.

WHEN a child is grieving and crying, perhaps his family has been displaced, and he is anxious to leave his friends, or perhaps the child has committed a serious wrongdoing, what will a loving mother do?

2 In the Bible, Jehovah compares himself to a loving mother who comforts her child, saying: "Just as a mother comforts her child, so I will comfort you". (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah loves us more than our parents do.

3 Jehovah provides much comfort in the book of Isaiah. (Isa. 40:1) Under the inspiration of our loving Father, Isaiah wrote this spirit-inspired letter to encourage the Jewish people in distressing times, and we too need much comfort. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let us consider a few examples from the book of Isaiah that can comfort and strengthen us in the following situations: (1) when circumstances suddenly change in our life, and (2) when we feel deeply guilty about a wrong we have done.

1-2. When we are depressed or discouraged, how does Jehovah help us?

3. What will we consider in this article?

8

or (3) when we are grieving the loss of a loved one.

When Things Change in Our Lives

(Rev. 9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) We may face unexpected events in our lives, such as sudden unemployment, economic hardship, or disasters in our country, or the organization may assign a new full-time minister. These changes may cause us to be anxious or discouraged. I don't know what life will be like. When life suddenly changes, what assurances do Jehovah give us through Isaiah that will strengthen us?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. Jehovah promises to guide the figuratively blind through a path that they do not know and bring darkness into their light. The words used in this verse - blindness, unknown path, darkness, darkness, and a slippery slope - describe how we feel when life suddenly changes.

4. How might we feel when circumstances suddenly change in our lives?

5. What assurance does Jehovah give at Isaiah 42:16? (See also picture.)

Even when circumstances suddenly change, Jehovah will not abandon you (See paragraph 5)

I will not leave you on a journey you do not know

(Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) In addition, he provides us with practical guidance through fellow believers and others. Even if we do not know what the future holds for us, we can be confident that Jehovah will always help us because he loves us and understands our feelings. - Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 Recounting how Jehovah lovingly cared for him and his wife after they left Bethel, Joseph, mentioned earlier, said: "We have seen how Jehovah has helped us to change our responsibilities. I will put my trust in my great God.* Yes, even though things may not turn out as we expected, we know that Jehovah will help us.

When We Are Worried About Our Reasons

7 If we commit a serious sin and confess it to the elders, they help us

* The lyrics are taken from a poem entitled "I Know That Jehovah Is With Me".

6. When life changes abruptly, of what can we be confident?

7. How do some feel about past sins?

(Prov. 28:13; Jas. 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) However, even after Jehovah forgives us, we may still feel guilty. We may ask ourselves, 'Has Jehovah really forgiven me?' (2 Cor. 2:7) It may be difficult for you to let go of your past mistakes and suffer for a long time.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. To illustrate how Jehovah forgives our sins completely, he says that even if we make them as scarlet, they will become as white as snow.

9 Consider the example of King David, who, despite committing adultery and murder, was forgiven by Jehovah and later described as walking with a clean heart in his eyes. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Ki. 9:4, 5) Jehovah remembers David because of his faithfulness, not because of his mistakes.

10 See Isaiah 38:17 and footnote.

According to Isaiah 1:18, to what extent does Jehovah forgive?

10. What encouragement does Isaiah 38:17 give us?

10 GΒΕΤΑΚΡΩΧΟ

You have thrown away my transgressions behind your back.

Jehovah does not deal with us based on past sins (See paragraph 11)

The words "throw all my sins behind you" can also be translated as "remove my sins from your sight". This verse describes Jehovah as throwing the sins of a repentant sinner backward, where His eyes cannot see or remember them. (Isa. 43:25) How comforting that is! If Jehovah, the Supreme Judge of the entire universe, does not remember our sins, we too need to let go of them and stop judging ourselves.

Don't let the past lead you astray.

(Isa. 57:16) What is important to Jehovah is not what we have done in the past, but what we are doing now and who we are trying to be. (Isa. 55:7) Clearly, Jehovah loves us so much that he can never allow our past mistakes to affect our success or our future.

11. Regardless of our past sins, what is important to Jehovah? (See also picture.)

July 2026 11

Your dead will live.

The hope of a resurrection of our loved ones is sure to come true (See paragraph 14)

may cause us to stop serving Jehovah if we do not miss out on the blessings of the future.

When we are grieving over the death of a loved one

12 When we lose a loved one, our grief can be painful and lasting. Sometimes we wonder, 'Why does Jehovah allow the death of a loved one?'

12. How do we sometimes feel when a loved one dies?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah promises that death will be eternal. Imagine a time when death will be no more! You will never have to mourn the death of a loved one. (Isa. 35:10) You will never see the grave of a loved one and feel pain. Instead, you can have the hope that your loved one will be with you forever and in good health.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Not only will Jehovah eliminate death but he will also bring our dead loved ones back to life.

13. What wonderful promise does Jehovah give us at Isaiah 25:8?

14. How do you feel about the resurrection hope? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also picture.)

12 The Watchtower

For the Lord will raise up the dead at the proper time. As dew brings forth the seed, so the Lord will bring back to life our loved ones who have fallen asleep. How happy we are to restore them to life!

15 Although God's promise of a resurrection does not completely remove our grief now, it does comfort us that Jehovah does not forget our loved ones who have died, as did Michael, who was quoted earlier. He said: "The words of Isaiah 26:19 helped me to understand that Jehovah loves my parents deeply. This gives us peace of mind.

16 Having considered some of the verses from the book of Isaiah that can comfort us when life suddenly changes, when we feel deeply guilty about a sin we have committed, or when we are grieving the death of a loved one, we are grateful that Jehovah uses his Word to comfort us! (Ps. 94:19) Is there a scripture that especially comforts you when you are in distress?

15. How does the resurrection hope help us when we lose a loved one?

16. What scripture comforts you when you are in distress?

PAGE 9: A couple who have left Bethel attend a meeting in their new congregation and are being visited by fellow believers.

How Do These Gifts Affect You? . . .

■ Isaiah 42:16?

■ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

Song 3 - You Are Our Strength and Hope

September 21-27, 2026

Song 12 - Jehovah is Glorified

DEFINITION In this article, we will consider what it means to know Jehovah, why we need to get to know him better, and how we can do so.

How to Get to Know Jehovah Better

"You must respect your father's God and serve him with a complete heart". - 1 CHRON. 28:9.

WHEN you consider the depth of Jehovah's wisdom and his awesome creation, you may feel as did the apostle Paul, who wrote: "Oh, the depth of God's riches and wisdom and knowledge!

King David told his son Solomon: "Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart . . . and he will make it possible for you to find him". (1 Chron. 28:9) In the first century, the apostle John reminded his fellow Christians that they had the ability to discern the truth.

3 As all of us who have dedicated ourselves to Jehovah, we have learned much about him, but there is still much to learn about him that will help us to get to know him better.

1. How do you feel about Jehovah's creation and wisdom?

2. Why can we be sure that we can get to know Jehovah better?

3. What will we consider in this article?

14

Regardless of how long we have been serving Jehovah, all of us will benefit from the answers to the following three questions: What does it mean to know Jehovah, why should we keep on getting to know him, and how can we get to know him better?

What Does It Mean to Know Jehovah?

4 To the Jews returning from Babylonian captivity, Jehovah promised: "I will give them a heart to know that I am Jehovah". This promise reveals what it means to know Jehovah. (Jer. 24:7) No doubt, those Jews already knew much about Jehovah. For example, when a person reads a book about love, it is not enough to know what love really is unless someone owes him or her something.

5 As we come to know Jehovah, we learn what he likes and dislikes. Consider, for example, King Josiah, about whom the Bible says: "In the eighth year of his reign, while he was still a boy, he began to seek the God of David his grandfather". (2 Chron. 34:3) Not only did Josiah learn about Jehovah but he also applied what he learned.

6 Read Psalm 9:10. The more we learn about Jehovah, the more we will have confidence in him, just as the apostle Paul did. On his final day in prison, he said: "I am not ashamed, for I do not know in whom I have put my faith". (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul's knowledge and experience gave him full confidence in God.

WHY do we know Jehovah?

7 When we first began serving Jehovah, we tried hard to learn more about him, but over time, our zeal for him may lessen. Why? When we read the Bible privately or at meetings, we often focus on how we can benefit ourselves or others from what we learn. So when we read the Bible, it is important that we ask ourselves:

4. What does it mean to know Jehovah?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah about knowing Jehovah?

6. According to Psalm 9:10, how can we benefit from getting to know Jehovah?

7. What can happen if we serve Jehovah for a long time?

July 2026 15

What does this teach me about Jehovah God?*

8 As we learn more about Jehovah, we draw closer to him. For example, how do you feel about him when you read the Bible, watch a news program, or attend an assembly? Reflecting on how much Jehovah cares for him, he said: "God will always be a rock to my heart and my right forever". (Read Psalm 73:24-28.) As we learn more about Jehovah, we will deepen our appreciation for our friendship with him.

9 The Bible admonishes us to trust in Jehovah in all our ways. (Prov. 3:5, 6) This includes meditating on what we learn about Jehovah and considering how he feels about our actions to help us make decisions.

* See the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, section 20 of Questions Worth Asking.

8. How can we benefit from knowing Jehovah better? (Psalm 73:24-28)

9. How can we benefit from keeping our eyes on Jehovah in all our ways?

This will help us to make decisions that will please him. - Ps. 19:13, 14.

10 We are created in Jehovah's image, so we can display qualities. (Gen. 1:26) The more we learn about Jehovah's qualities, the more we will understand how to imitate him. Rather, we will strive to reflect on the laws and principles that we learn from the Bible in order to discern what they teach us about Jehovah, and doing so will help us to reflect Jehovah's qualities. - 1 John 4:8, 11.

How can we know Jehovah better?

11 Who first taught you about Jehovah? Perhaps your parents were Jehovah's worshippers, or you may have been told Bible accounts that showed you God's kindness and his handiwork, or you may have studied the Bible with one of Jehovah's Witnesses. You may have used the book Enjoy Everlasting Life! to help you meditate on Bible accounts, and you may have learned how to identify Jehovah's lovely qualities in his dealings with you.* (Neh. 8:8; Acts 14:17) Let us now consider how.

* See study 5 to 7 of the book Enjoy Everlasting Life!

10. How can we benefit from learning about Jehovah's qualities?

11. Who first taught you about Jehovah?

16 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Meditate on creation to get to know Jehovah better (See paragraph 15)

continue to learn about Jehovah.

12 The first step in learning about Jehovah is to study his Word, the Bible, which at times refers directly to God's qualities. (Exodus 34:6, 7) However, the Bible often focuses on people's actions and decisions.

13 To illustrate, imagine that you are reading Jeremiah 38:6-13, which describes the life of the Ethiopian prophet Ebed-melech. How can you imitate Ebed-melech's love, self-sacrifice, and courage? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) Each time you read a portion of the Bible, try to discern God's qualities and praise and thank him for them.

14 A second way to learn more about Jehovah is to meditate on his creative works. (Ps. 145:9, 10) This does not mean merely looking at Jehovah's creation but doing more than that.

12-13. When you read the Bible, what can you learn about Jehovah? (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also picture at the beginning.)

14. Why should we meditate on creation?

July 2026 17

(Rom. 1:20) One translation of the Bible renders this verse to mean that a meditating person can discern God's qualities.

15 While some of our brothers and sisters live in cities where natural resources are scarce, is it possible for them to learn about Jehovah's creation? Yes, it is possible. Consider Patrick, who lives in the Congolese city of Brazzaville. He says: "I have come to realize that Jehovah is a loving God who cares for even the smallest of his creatures, and this has made me more confident that he cares for me and will always provide for my needs".

16 A third way to get to know Jehovah better is to meditate on what he has done for you, as Jesus' mother, Mary, did.

15. (a) What did Patrick do to get to know Jehovah better, and how can you imitate his example? (b) How can we imitate him?

16. (a) How did Mary, the mother of Jesus, come to know Jehovah better, and how can we imitate her? (b) How can we imitate Jesus?

Meditate on what Jehovah has done for you to get to know him better (See paragraph 16)

18 The Watchtower

Meditating on their words strengthened Mary's conviction that Jehovah cares for the lowly, is merciful, impartial, and has great power. (Luke 1:46-55) Mary appreciated God's help, and so do we when Jehovah helps us in times of need. (Heb. 4:16) So whenever Jehovah helps you, ask yourself: 'What does this teach me about Jehovah?

RELATED Lessons From Jehovah

17 Think of all the things we will learn about Jehovah in the new world, when new scrolls will be opened that will reveal what he wants us to do. (Rev. 20:12) We will be able to enjoy Jehovah's creative works more fully and thus get to know him better. (Isa. 11:6-9) And when we see things that we have never seen before, such as the resurrection of our loved ones, and when we gradually become perfected, we will come to know our loving Father in special ways.

(Ps. 90:2; 147:5) It is impossible for us to know all the works of the true God from beginning to end. (Eccl. 3:11) So, no matter how long we have been serving Jehovah, let us use every opportunity to learn more about our loving Father, Jehovah.

17-18. Why can we say that we will never stop learning about Jehovah?

PAGE 18: An anxious brother reflects on how Jehovah helped him to carry out his assignment at the midweek meeting.

How can you answer them?

■ What does it mean to know Jehovah?

■ Why should we keep on getting to know Jehovah?

■ How can we get to know Jehovah better?

28 Let Us Be Jehovah's Friends

What is the meaning of the Bible? 28 SEPTEMBER 4 OCTOBER 2026

79th Song

Teaching Them to Remain Firm

The Reason

In this article, we will learn how we can help our Bible students to come to know Jehovah, to recognize his qualities, and to discern what is pleasing to him and what is displeasing to him.

Help Others to Know Jehovah

This means everlasting life, their taking in knowledge of you, the only true God. - John 17:3.

HOW would you feel when a Bible student starts attending meetings, sharing what he is learning, and eventually dedicating himself to Jehovah to do his will?

2 God's will is for all sorts of people to be saved and to come to an accurate knowledge of truth. (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4) Jehovah wants people to know him, both about what he has done and about the exciting things he will do in the future. (Jer. 9:24) This includes accurate knowledge. This opened the way to everlasting life. - John 17:3.

3 In this article, we will consider the following questions: Why is it important for Bible students to know Jehovah, how can we teach them about him, and how can we help them to do so?

1. How do you feel when a Bible student begins to serve Jehovah?

2. What is Jehovah's will for Bible students? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this article?

20

applying what they have learned about Jehovah in their lives?

What does the Bible teach us about love?

4 Jesus said that the greatest commandment is to love Jehovah with all our heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) A Bible student needs to know Jehovah well enough to love him.

5 As a Bible student grows in knowledge and love of Jehovah, he is moved to obey him. Jesus made it clear that a person who loves God will obey him when he said: "In order that the world may know that I love the Father, just as the Father has commanded me, so I am doing". (John 14:31) Similarly, a Bible student who deeply loves Jehovah will want to obey him with all his heart. - 1 John 5:3.

6 Bible students who know Jehovah well can often make good decisions. For example, to become a pilot, it is important not only to learn how to fly or to take flight tests, but also to learn from experienced pilots and to learn how to fly for a period of time. By doing so, he will see the benefits of Bible principles, get to know Jehovah better, and when he sees how Jehovah helps him, he will be able to make wise decisions in any situation.

7 Joseph's knowledge of Jehovah helped him when Potiphar's wife tempted him to have sexual relations with her. As a young man, he must have heard the stories of Adam and Eve, Abraham and Sarah. (Genesis 2:24; 20:3, 6) Those stories must have helped him to understand Jehovah's view of marriage and sexual relations. When we help our Bible students to get to know Jehovah, they too can make a decision that will please him.

What the Bible Teaches Lovers Know Who the Builder Is

8 How can you help your Bible student to come to know Jehovah?

4. When teaching Bible students, what should be our goal? (Mark 12:30)

5. If your Bible student loves Jehovah, what will that move him to do?

6. How can a Bible student benefit from getting to know Jehovah?

7. How did knowing Jehovah help Joseph to make good decisions?

8. How can you use the book Enjoy Everlasting Life! to help your student to come to know Jehovah?

July 2026 21

Questions That Increase Reasoning

The book Enjoy Everlasting Life! contains many questions designed to help students to get to know Jehovah.

How does Jehovah feel about those who preach the good news? (study 21)

What have you learned about Jehovah and Jesus that convinces you that those human governments and their rulers are rightly destroyed [at Armageddon]? (Lecture 33)

How does Jehovah feel when you act wisely and obey him, and why do you answer that question? (Lecture 34)

How do you think Jehovah will feel if we marry someone who does not love him? (lecture 42)

What does this verse teach us about Jehovah's forgiveness? (learning 56)

How does Jehovah's dealings with sinners reveal that he is a loving, compassionate God? ( Lesson 57)

(Job 38:141:34) We can also use questions when teaching. The questions in the book Enjoy Everlasting Life! are designed to help students learn more about Jehovah's qualities. (See the box "Questions That Increase the Reasoning Power of Students".) So use those questions to help your student come to know Jehovah.

9 When we conduct Bible studies with people, we encourage them to read the Bible daily.* How can we help them to benefit from Bible reading? We can encourage them to meditate on why Jehovah made that passage be recorded in his Word and to draw attention to Jehovah's qualities in what they read.

10 We want our Bible students to see how each Bible story reveals what Jehovah likes and what he dislikes.

* In the 5th lesson of the book Enjoy Everlasting Life!, students are encouraged to use the program Become a Bible Reader to help them read the Bible regularly.

9-10. (a) What can help a student to get the most out of reading the Bible? (James 5:11) (b) Give an example of how a Bible account can help a student to discern what pleases Jehovah and what is displeasing to him.

22 The Watchtower

Teach your student to remember what he knows about Jehovah when he reads a Bible passage that is difficult to understand (See paragraphs 12-13)

You can encourage him to reflect on such questions as: Why did Jehovah protect Daniel? What is pleasing to Jehovah in this account? (Dan. 6:10, 22) The student may also ask himself: What happened to the men mentioned in Daniel?

11 While we are happy when our Bible student sees the benefits of what he is learning, it is important to help him see that what he is learning comes from Jehovah, the Great Teacher.

How Can a Loving Son Practice What He Learns?

12 To benefit from accurate knowledge, we must apply what we learn. How, then, can you help your student to apply what he learns? First, teach him to remember what he knows about Jehovah when he reads a passage that is difficult to understand.

13 Encourage him to reflect on what he has learned about Jehovah.

11. How can we help our Bible student to see that what he is learning comes from Jehovah?

12-13. How will a student's knowledge of Jehovah help him when he is struggling to understand a Bible account? (See also picture.)

July 2026 23

For example, how does Jehovah feel about humans? (2 Pet. 3:9) What great sacrifice did Jehovah make to save us despite our sinful nature? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Does Jehovah punish those who do not deserve to be punished?

14 There is another way you can help your Bible student to apply what he has learned about Jehovah. Suppose your student attends a Christian meeting but finds it difficult to love a brother or sister who has become discouraged. (Prov. 13:11) Help your student to see that Jehovah is pleased when we focus on the good qualities of our brothers, not their faults.

15 Finally, help your student to apply what he has learned about Jehovah when he is faced with an important decision. What if the student applies the counsel in chapter 35 of the book Enjoy Everlasting Life! He said: "I always do what pleases [my Father]". (Read John 8:29.) Help the student to ask himself, 'From what research and what I have learned about Jehovah, what will I make that will please him?'

14. How can you help a student who is struggling to love a brother or sister?

Help your Bible student to make a decision that pleases Jehovah (See paragraphs 15-16)

15-16. (a) How can a Bible student imitate Jesus when faced with important decisions? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help her student to make good decisions? (See also picture.)

What is the meaning of life?

16 A woman who was studying the Bible in Chile had to make an important decision. Her family wanted her to accept a lucrative job, but she was unable to attend the meetings regularly. Marianne, her Bible teacher, says: "I encouraged her to think about how her decision would affect Jehovah. She did not accept the offer, and she soon found another job that enabled her to attend all the meetings. Notice that Marianne did not make decisions for the student but helped her to reflect on what she had learned about Jehovah, drawing closer to her and, more importantly, to her love for Jehovah.

Jehovah Blessed You With Knowledge

17 Our Bible studies help people to learn many of the Bible's teachings, such as what the dead are like, why Jesus died for us, what the Kingdom will do, how Jehovah's organization meets, how elders are appointed, and what the Governing Body does.

(Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, all who come to know Jehovah, the true God, will enjoy everlasting life. (1 John 5:20) The Bible says that Jehovah God recognizes and loves all those who strive to know and love him. (1 Cor. 8:3) Yes, the Almighty God recognizes us and considers us his friends. What a blessing it is to know the only true God!

17. In addition to teaching Bible truths, what is the most important thing we want our students to know?

18. What blessings await those who come to know Jehovah now, and what prospects await them in the future?

PAGE 24: Describe Marianne's Bible student's decision not to accept a job.

How would you respond?

■ Why should a Bible student get to know Jehovah better?

■ How can we help a Bible student to come to know Jehovah personally?

■ How can we help a Bible student to apply what he has learned about Jehovah?

Song 84 - We Will Have to Do More

My Life Story

I Allow Jehovah to Change Me

How KEN KIUCHI works

I NEVER forget the day I started working at the Brooklyn Bethel library in New York, U.S.A. As soon as I set foot in the printing press, I was amazed at the loudness of the presses and their continuous operation.

I was overwhelmed by the fact that the young men and women who were there did so in a spirit of humility, not out of respect for men, but out of respect for themselves.

Over the years, Jehovah has gradually changed my way of serving him, but let me tell you about my search for the truth when I was a Buddhist.

I WANTED God in my life

I was born in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A., and grew up the eldest of four children. My parents were Japanese immigrants who came to Chicago to make a living in America, as many people at the time wanted. They wanted their children to have a good education and to be successful in life.

My parents were devout Buddhists. In the year my mother grew up, there was a Buddhist temple. My grandfather and two uncles were Buddhist monks. I was strongly influenced by Buddhism from a young age. When I came home from school, my first practice was to offer incense to the Buddha statue of our year, and to give him rice and water. On Sundays, we went to the Buddhist temple and prayed in front of their larger and more glorious Buddha statue.

I remember, when I was about seven years old, I was looking up at my idol and wondering: What will my life be like after I die? Buddhism teaches us that we will live in the spirit realm after death.

When I was about 15 years old, I began to lose my sense of Buddhist customs, and I was looking for something in life that I had not yet found. - Matt. 5:3.

26 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

I wanted to know the existence of a living God, and I thought that the Bible might help me. So I took out an old King James Version of the Bible.

One day, when I was 17 years old, I saw my dog walking, and a brother named Wilson Bashou approached me and asked me: "Do you know what God promises to do in the future?" That little blue scroll changed my life.

Ten days later, I attended my first meeting at the Kingdom Hall. I never forgot the warmth of the brothers and sisters. Since then, I have continued to attend the meetings.

I WANTED to go to college

I was studying to become a doctor at a prestigious university, and my parents sacrificed so much for me, but I wanted to give my best to Jehovah and serve him full-time.

I was confused and depressed. I loved my parents so much that I didn't want to hurt them. So I often went through the school at night and prayed earnestly to Jehovah: "Please, Jehovah, help me to make good decisions". I felt that I had made the right decision.

I felt like a bird taken from a nest! I was now able to fully engage in the ministry, so in 1984 I began pioneering.

During the course of my full-time pioneering career, Jehovah helped me to develop positive qualities that included hard work. One day, I was almost unable to go out in the field because of my brother's discouragement, but I did. I thought to myself, 'I'm not going to care about this man.

With Wilson Bashou, who taught me Bible truth

July 20, 2026

Visiting the Publishing House in Brooklyn

With Michiko Oda and her husband

She accepted a Bible study, and she too became a servant of Jehovah.

HOW JEHOVAH WAS FORCED in the Brooklyn Bethel family

After two years with Wilson, I was invited to serve at Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As I mentioned earlier, I was asked to work in the printing industry. One day, I made a mistake with a typewriter that damaged hundreds of papers. The brothers asked me to tell our manager what had happened.

One day, when Milton Henschel, a member of the Governing Body at the time, and I sat at the same table for lunch, the dining room was overcrowded and the kitchen staff was busy distributing food. Brother Henschel's example of humility, which I will never forget, reminded me of Jesus' service to his apostles. - John 13:3-5.

Enjoy the chance to see JAPAN!

I wanted to help the brothers, but the problem was that I could not speak Japanese. A sister at Bethel named Michiko Oda looked at me and said: "Try to learn Japanese!"

What is the meaning of life?

A few months later, I was assigned to a Japanese-language congregation in New York City. Learning Japanese opened up many opportunities for me to serve Jehovah God. In 1989, I attended my first Japanese-language convention in Los Angeles, California.

My wife, Miwako, and I were married in 1992, and we both have the privilege of serving at Brooklyn Bethel. Miwako's thinking ability, concern, and willingness to help have helped me to improve my attitude toward others.

IN THE JAPANESE language, now in the foreign language

In time, both my mother and father-in-law became seriously ill, so the organization kindly sent us to the Japanese branch office to care for them. In 1999, we moved to Japan.

The Japanese Bethel family welcomed us, and we gradually adjusted to life there. The hospitality and kindness of the Japanese brothers helped me to keep on improving. They worked hard, and they were able to work together as a family. Their fine example encouraged me to humbly cooperate with others and to appreciate my small part in supporting Jehovah's entire purpose.

Nevertheless, since I was raised in a different culture, I sometimes find it difficult to understand why some things are done in a way. I have to learn to be patient, not to be overly persistent. Gradually, I have adjusted my thinking. I have seen that God can bless me.

On our wedding day

It is only when we follow the direction he gives us through his organization that he succeeds.

I have often compared Jehovah's molding of me at Bethel to that of the prophet Moses. Jehovah helped him to cultivate mildness during his 40 years as a shepherd. Like Moses, I gradually developed a sense of pride and self-confidence.

For nearly 24 years, we cared for Miwako's parents until they died. We called them and their caregivers several times, visited the hospital several times, and had anxieties. Miwako's mother, Masako, became so ill that she could no longer walk.

July 2026 29

I was impressed by Masako's spiritual perseverance, calmness, and joy in all circumstances, and I wanted to follow her example.

In 2024, our assignment in the field changed dramatically. We have been serving at Bethel for more than 30 years, are now special pioneers on the island of Okinawa, and have the privilege of witnessing to families in a military camp not far from home. My wife, Mi-wako, and I thank Jehovah every day for this wonderful assignment.

I WANTed Jehovah's Glory and Progress

Jesus promises that Jehovah will reward those who leave their homes to become his disciples a hundred times more than ever before, thus giving them a rich family. (Mark 10:29, 30) That has been true for me.

Whenever I see that blue scroll, I am reminded of Jehovah's love for me, and I am determined to continue to allow him to change me and help others to learn the truth that leads to everlasting life.

While serving at the branch office in Japan

With Miwako, sharing the good news in Okinawa

30 The Watchtower

Make Peace With Your Brother Quickly!

HAVE you ever felt so hurt that you have lost touch with your brother or sister? To reconcile your friendship with him or her, you must (1) act promptly and (2) act in a positive way.*

For example, a man's leg is broken and his body is in pain. But if he breaks it, it hurts more.

Just as it is important to resolve a dispute quickly, so it is also important to resolve disagreements quickly so as not to cause grief, anger, and disorder among you. Jesus said: "Quickly make your peace with the other person". (Matt. 5:25) So go to your friend and talk honestly with him. Why is that so hard? Think about these two things.

First, you may find it hard to ignore the matter because you find it difficult to talk to the other person about it.* Consider the two Christians, Euodia and Syntyche, who may have had a disagreement that they could not resolve.

For example, if someone is undergoing treatment for a medical condition, he or she should apologize. In the same way, do not worry about what is wrong, but about your health and your health.

So if you have a disagreement with a brother or sister, try to resolve the matter today so that you can be friends again. Do not allow yourself to be provoked. (Eph. 4:26) By taking these steps and quickly reconciling with your brother or sister, you will maintain the bond of peace that binds us together. - Eph. 4:1-3.

(Matt. 5:23, 24) For some serious matters, we can ask the elders for help. (Matt. 18:17) However, before a Christian seeks the elders' help, he or she must first apply the counsel found at Matthew 18:15, 16.

July 2026 31

The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

July 2026 Vol. 147, No. 7 EWE

From this chapter

Study article for September 7 to 13.

Follow the Example of the Gibeonites

Study articles for September 14-20, 8

The Book of Isaiah Can Give You Comfort

The study article for September 21-27.

How to Get to Know Jehovah Better

Study articles for September 28 to October 4

Help Others to Know Jehovah

What is the meaning of life?

I Allow Jehovah to Change Me

Make Peace With Your Brother Quickly!

Try It

How to Use Your Answers to Build

At our congregation meetings, we have opportunities to give encouraging comments to one another. (Heb. 10:24, 25) How can your comments be upbuilding?

• Pray to Jehovah, asking him to help you to honor him and to encourage others. - Ps. 35:18.

• Do not try to use your own words to answer questions, but use your own words to build up your faith.

• Be brief in your answers, which will encourage others and give them an opportunity to respond. - Prov. 10:19.

• Be reasonable in your responses. Do not use your responses to criticize or insult others in the congregation or a fellow believer.

If there is no opportunity to answer, encourage others, listen carefully, and commend them. - Proverbs 10:21.

It is part of a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary donations.

The cited passages are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org, or scan this code on your computer

JW.ORG ®

w26.07