Oct. 2026

The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. Jehovah's Kingdom is the Kingdom of God

It will be held from December 7, 2026 to January 3, 2027

1926

A Thousand Years

GOD'S name will soon be known to mankind, and some will be serving as witnesses on earth. - The Watchtower of January 1, 1926.

In 1926, Jehovah, through Jesus Christ, the Head of the congregation, helped Christians to see that the preaching work was to be the most important work in their lives, and the faithful and discreet slave was united in this work.

Life Changes - How to Use Illustrations

In April, the magazine Grace (now Awake!) announced the release of a new book entitled Deliverance, which would replace Studies in the Scriptures, the most widely used book in the preaching work at the time.

For many years, the Bible Students studied the book What the Scriptures Learn at their meetings, but from the beginning of May, they began studying articles in The Watchtower.

A letter from the congregation sent to Brother Rutherford said, "Little Bunker Hill Congregation welcomes you". On Sundays, we read articles that the organization has chosen for the congregations, so that when new information comes, we can quickly identify them. Thank you.

For example, an article highlighted how some focused on cultivating qualities such as kindness and humility and forgotten the vital role of true Christians. The article highlighted that Jehovah commands Christians to be his witnesses, and that because Christians love Jehovah, they should be willing to obey his command to preach.

Another article emphasized that true Christians serve Jehovah loyally because they love him and encouraged the Bible Students to do their utmost to preach zealously to as many people as possible. - Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

These articles helped the brothers to make immediate changes in the congregations.

2

The Watchtower

In The Watchtower of July 15, 1926, a brother wrote: "The new information that we learned was so encouraging and comforting that now we not only read the Watchtower but also study it".

THE COUNCIL OF GOD CALLED THE PEOPLE to be Disfellowshipped

At the end of May, the Bible Students attended an assembly in London, England, where all the printing companies in Britain were not in operation, so the Brooklyn branch worked long hours to print 117,000 copies of a new brochure about God's direction and distribute it to the assembly.

On Saturday, May 29, the delegates took to the streets to distribute the load, and the program encouraged the delegates: "Every Bible Student is invited to preach about Jesus and the Kingdom, so go to Alexandra Palace in the morning, and the delegates will tell you what to do".

The Watchtower of July 15, 1926, reported: "The brothers were overjoyed to see that they were carrying out Jehovah's commission to preach.

The next day, Brother Rutherford gave a talk about the future of world powers at the Royal Albert Hall. Shortly after the doors were closed, the hall was filled with 13,000 people.

In his talk, Brother Rutherford explained that the world's governments failed because they had rejected Jehovah and His Kingdom.

THE BROTHERS WANT to speak a foreign language in India

Shortly after the convention, Brother Skinner returned to his assignment, but Brother Rutherford invited him to visit him again in London.

Brother Skinner said, "I was thinking of being asked to serve in another country, so the next day I went to Lon-don . . . , and I was prepared to accept the invitation.

A. The book Deliverance

B. Alexandra Palace, London

D. The Royal Albert Hall, London

Deliverance!

A

B

D

George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner serving in India

E. George Draper

What is it?

What is it?

"Do you want to go to India?" Brother Rutherford asked. "When do you want me to go?" he replied.

Three weeks later, in July, Brother George Wright, who was serving as a branch overseer in Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India, and Persia (Iran), sailed to India with his brother Edwin.

THE CREATOR'S PRESIDENT Found Faith in the Bible

Since 1894, the organization has been sending delegates to visit groups of Bible Students, as it does now with circuit overseers. In July 1926, the assignment of these brothers was changed from one day to two days, and they were asked to spend 100 hours a month in the field ministry.

Brother George Draper, a traveling overseer, wrote to the Watch Tower Society, explaining that all brothers, including traveling overseers, were to be ready to give a talk.

A convention in New York City

The final assembly of 1926 was held from October 14 to 18 in New York City. Newspapers agreed to advertise Brother Rutherford's address at the convention, but shortly before the convention began, most prominent news organizations refused to advertise the convention.

In an effort to spread the word, on Friday, October 15, R. J. Martin released a tract entitled Opposition to the Press, which showed that the press did not want the press to know about it. The brothers distributed the tracts on Friday, and by the end of the day, 300,000 copies had been distributed.

On Saturdays and Sundays, more than a million copies of the tract were distributed, so that more than one million of the tracts at the convention were distributed! In addition, these zealous preachers distributed 3,783 copies of the book Deliverance and 35,140 other tracts.

A crowd of about 12,000 listened to Brother Rutherford's talk

4 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

S Judge Rutherford's Lecture Earth's Greatest Conflict Near New Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 at 3 p.m. SEATS FREE NO COLLECTION rnational Bible Students Association

What is it?

F.

A. Brother Rutherford's talk was advertised in a newspaper

F. Assembly at Madison Square Garden, New York, in October 1926

On Sunday, October 17, at 3:00 p.m. After the talk, interested ones were more interested, and the brothers distributed more than 9,000 publications - the first time such a large number of publications had ever been distributed at a convention.

Following on from Adams Street

As the need for our literature grew, the brothers in Brooklyn saw the need to build a larger printing facility. They rented a building on Concord Street, where we printed our literature, but the demand for literature was limited. So the brothers purchased a plot of land on Adams Street, not far from the existing printing facility.

That same year, many began associating with the Bible Students, and the organization was preparing God's people to adopt the name Jehovah's Witnesses.

A printing facility located on Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York

October 2026 5

December 7-13, 2026

46 Thank You, Jehovah

WHY This article will help us to cultivate gratitude and see how we can display this fine quality.

Show Gratitude

Be thankful. - COL. 3:15.

WHEN a 95-year-old brother named John* died, his health deteriorated and he was taken to a nursing home. Whenever someone visited him or did something small for him, he would say "Thank You". One of the guests said, "John has grown old and is weak; yet he rejoices and is satisfied".

2 Sadly, the Bible foretold that in these last days, many people will be ungrateful. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) While some people forget to be grateful, many do not feel the need to be grateful because they consider everything that has been done to be worthy of them.

3 As Jehovah's people, we need to avoid the unthankful attitude that is common today. The apostle Paul said: "Be thankful". (Col. 3:15) This does not mean that we should not only feel grateful but also show it.

* Names have been changed.

1. What have you learned from John's example? (See also pictures.) 2. How do many people react today? 3. What will we consider in this article?

6

Being thankful brings us joy and satisfaction (See paragraph 1)

How can we show gratitude? (3) How can we show gratitude?

WHY are we so helpful?

The Bible says: "All the days of the afflicted one are bad". (Prov. 15:15) All of us experience distressing situations at times. There is nothing we can do about them, but we can do something about them.

The final part of Proverbs 15:15 concludes: "A happy person's heart keeps a cheerful heart". A person who keeps his thoughts focused on the good things he can do, avoiding worrying about his problems, makes it easier for an appreciative person to keep a cheerful heart.

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. Expressing gratitude to Jehovah in prayer helps us to cope with anxiety. Why? The more we give thanks to Jehovah, the more we will reflect on what he has done for us and not worry about what may happen in the future.

4. Why can unthankfulness be damaging to us?

5. How does being thankful increase our happiness?

6. How does being thankful help us to avoid overwhelming anxiety? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

What is the meaning of life? 7 Oct. 2026

Isaiah 33:6 "He is the stability of your times" ♡

Take time each day to meditate on your blessings (See paragraphs 9-10)

And the peace of God gives us rest, so that we are not overwhelmed by anxiety.

7 When we show gratitude, we draw closer to Jehovah, who has given us all the good things we have. (Read James 1:17) These include the ransom sacrifice and the hope of everlasting life - not because we deserve it, but because he loves us. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) The more we appreciate the love of our Father and our dearest Friend, Jehovah, the more we draw close to him.

How Can We Be Persuasive?

(Read 2 Corinthians 4:7) Reflecting on what Jehovah has done for you in the past will move you to appreciate him deeply. - Ps. 103:2.

9 Think about what Jehovah is doing for you now. The Bible says: "Be thankful for all things". (1 Thess. 5:18) Take time each day to reflect on your blessings, either in the morning to start your day with joy, in the evening to finish the day well, or at another convenient time. (Ps. 92:1, 2) Like John, who was quoted earlier, you can write down the good things that happened that day.

10 First, reflect on the good things that Jehovah has done for you that day that you want to thank him for. - Ps. 40:5.

7. How does gratitude draw us closer to Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. Why is it good to reflect on how Jehovah has helped us in the past? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What blessings from Jehovah do you enjoy every day? (See also picture.)

8

The Watchtower

(Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Think of other blessings, such as sunshine, delicious food, and a warm welcome from a friend, all of which we enjoy because God has given us life and breath. (Acts 17:25) What other things do you want to thank Jehovah for today?

11 Think of the blessings that come from being part of a loving, united brotherhood. (Ps. 133:1; Prov. 18:24) Have you ever had a brother or sister who did something good or said something encouraging to you? (Prov. 12:25; 16:24) Even in small ways, gratitude is a blessing. I am deeply moved by the brothers, and the comfort they give me is a source of joy.

12 When we reflect on what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he is doing for us now, our heartfelt appreciation will grow.

How can we show that we are helpful?

13 How can we show gratitude? After encouraging us to be grateful, the apostle Paul continued: "Whatever you do, in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him".

14 Express your gratitude by saying: "Every time someone does something good or says something encouraging to you, remember to express your gratitude by writing or texting him a letter of appreciation". (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) At times, you can also express your gratitude by texting an elder's visit to the family.

11-12. In what ways are our brothers a blessing to us?

13. How can we show gratitude?

14. How can you show appreciation in your words? (See also pictures.)

What are you waiting for?

How can you show appreciation? (See paragraph 14)

After spending some time in the temple, he visited the brothers and encouraged them.

15 Above all, we want to express our gratitude to Jehovah through heartfelt prayer. (Eph. 6:18) Our prayers often involve requests or supplications for help, such as asking for help to cope with a difficult situation, for wisdom to make wise decisions, or for forgiveness of a mistake. (Ps. 95:2) So we do well to examine ourselves from time to time by asking ourselves, 'Do my prayers consist only of requests to Jehovah, or do I regularly thank him?'

16 Show appreciation by your actions. When someone does something good for you, show appreciation for it. Jesus said that there is much happiness in giving. (Acts 20:35) So when you show appreciation by actions, not just words, you will be more satisfied.

17 One way we can show our gratitude for Jehovah is by offering our bodies as living sacrifices to him. (Read Romans 12:1.) This means that we will continue to give our whole life and everything we have to Jehovah, and we will use our whole mind and energy to please him.

18 With gratitude for what Jehovah has done for us, we are moved to give

15. How can we show our appreciation for Jehovah by avoiding slurs?

16. Why should we show appreciation by our actions?

17-18. How can we show our appreciation for Jehovah by our actions? (Romans 12:1)

10 The Watchtower

Jehovah is pleased when we use our time, energy, and resources to serve him wisely, so we strive to read and meditate on his Word daily, share in preaching the good news, regularly pay and participate in heavy congregational dues, and contribute to Kingdom interests. (Ps. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) When we give our best in Jehovah's service, we show how deeply we appreciate all that he has done for us. - Col. 3:23, 24.

As we reflect on what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he is doing for us now, let us be determined to show appreciation in words and deeds, and above all, to show appreciation to Jehovah, and our appreciative God will bless us abundantly from now on and forever. - Ps. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19 In today's unthankful world, we have good reasons to be thankful.

PAGE 8: A sister has had a difficult day, but she reflects on how Jehovah has blessed her, including the comforting passage of Scripture.

19. Why are you determined to be thankful?

How would you respond?

■ Why should you be grateful?

■ How can you be appreciative?

■ How can you show gratitude?

Song 139 - See Yourself in the New World

December 14-20, 2026

Song 143 - Keep on the Watch, Keep on the Watch, and Wait

OBJECTIVE This article will help us to appreciate the privilege of supporting three of Jehovah's miracles in our day.

Support the Miracles of Jehovah Today

By this all men will know that you are my witnesses".

HOW would you feel if you were present when Jehovah parted the Red Sea and led the Israelites out of the Egyptian army? How would you feel if you saw Jesus heal and even resurrect the dead? No doubt you would be amazed and delighted by these miracles. These are just a few of the miracles recorded in the Bible.

2 In this article, we will consider three of the miracles that Jehovah is performing in his organization today, and we will consider how each of them can help us to cooperate with Jehovah in accomplishing those miracles. - Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

How We Live Today is a Miracle

3 The prophet Isaiah foretold that the number of Jehovah's servants would increase in our day. (Read Isaiah 60:22.)

1-2. (a) What are some of the miracles recorded in the Bible? (b) What is a miracle, and what will we consider in this article? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can it be said that Jehovah's people have become a powerful nation? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also pictures.)

12

From 1914 to the present, Jehovah has performed miraculous rewards (See paragraph 3)

Debt 2026 More than 9,000,000 people

Debt 1914 Approximately 5,000 people

Worldwide, there are more than 130 countries, each with less than nine million citizens in debt. Never before has such a large number of people come to know and love Jehovah and serve him in 240 lands around the world.

4 While many churches baptize infants in order to limit the number of members of the congregation, we tolerate all forms of life in order to keep the number from increasing. Instead, by studying the Bible and making changes in our lives in harmony with what we have learned, some of us have had to make significant changes in our thinking and conduct. (1 Cor. 6:9-11) Having made such changes has helped us to become full-time Kingdom publishers and to share our knowledge so that we can help others to come to know and serve Jehovah. In time, we dedicated our life to Jehovah, promised him that no matter what, we would serve him willingly, and we were baptized. - Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 Our growth is miraculous because it can only come from Jehovah. Jesus made it clear that it is not necessary to be a mere disciple, saying: "If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and follow me continually".

4. Why is our growth remarkable?

5. What did Jesus say would happen to his followers?

October 2026 13

Raised Despite Persecution

"The more you persecute the Witnesses, the more they get", said a Nazi officer.

Consider what happened in the Netherlands (Pays-Bas) at that time. Despite arrests, imprisonments, and concentration camps, the number of Witnesses increased more than doubled in just two years, reaching 1,379 in 1943. . . .

They brought them before the Sanhedrin, but one of the Pharisees, named Gamaliel, warned them, "Leave them alone. If this is from men, they will perish; but if it is from God, you will not be able to do so. You will appear to be fighting against God". (Acts 6:7) Why? Because God helped his people to endure and grow despite persecution. - Acts 1:8.

For example, Jesus foretold that his followers would be brought before governors and kings. (Matt. 10:17, 18) He also warned his followers that they would be severely persecuted by religious leaders. (John 16:2) Jesus said that even family members would oppose them because of their worship of Jehovah. - Matt. 10:34-36.

6 As Jesus had foretold, the first-century Christians faced severe persecution. Shortly after Jesus' return, the Jewish leaders tried to stop Jesus' disciples from preaching.

Why do these new disciples choose to carry their torture stake and follow Jesus? (Matt. 16:24) They do so because of their love for Jehovah and their trust in his promise to care for them, and Jehovah gives them the supernatural strength to endure. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) When faced with opposition from their family, they feel as did the psalmist who said: "Even if my father and my mother leave me, Jehovah will reject me". (Matt. 27:10) It is truly a miracle that many have become disciples of Jesus despite severe persecution.

6. Despite persecution, what enabled the early Christians to prosper?

7. How do Jesus' modern-day disciples imitate the early Christians? (See the box "Growing Despite Persecution".)

14 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

8 As long as we share in any part of the preaching work, we cooperate with Jehovah and Jesus in contributing to this marvelous growth. With Jehovah and Jesus' backing, Jesus promises: "I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things".

The Wonders of Our Life

9 The prophet Micah foretold another marvelous event in our day - the remarkable unity among God's people. God's spirit inspired Micah to foretell how Jehovah would unite men and women. (Read Micah 2:12.) In our day, this prophecy is being fulfilled.

10 Today, we are united in many ways. For example, no matter where we live, we all learn the same lesson at our meetings and at our conventions. Worldwide, Witnesses from different countries and cultures work together to build bridges and branch offices. It is remarkable that so many people from different ethnic and cultural backgrounds have never been so united in thought and action.

11 Our unity is remarkable because it differs from that of the world today. We hear in the news every day that people are fighting, rebelling against governments, rebelling, and breaking up. This is not surprising, for the Bible foretold that people would be disloyal, . . . disorderly, slanderous, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, treacherous, disloyal, haughty. (Rev. 3:2-4) Although the whole world is under the control of the wicked one [and his demons], we continue to serve Jehovah as a family. (1 John 5:19; Rev. 12:9) What a miracle!

12 How can we contribute to the unity of Jehovah's organization by responding to Jehovah's direction and applying it? What we learn from the Bible helps us to be patient with others, to forgive others, to avoid quarrels, and to be kind. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) As long as we overlook the wrongs of others, refrain from speaking or forgiving others, we are doing the right thing.

8. How do we contribute to the amazing growth that is taking place?

9-10. How is Micah 2:12 being fulfilled today?

11. Why can we say that our unity is a miracle?

12. How can we contribute to the unity of God's people?

What is the meaning of life? 15 Oct. 2026

Love one another and one's neighbor from the heart.

(See paragraph 14)

support the miraculous work that Jehovah is doing in his organization today.

The Love in Us Is a Miracle

13 Jesus said that his followers would be distinguished by their love for one another. (Read John 13:35.) Such love was especially evident among first-century Christians, for example, by sharing material possessions with the needy. (Acts 2:44, 45) They helped those who were persecuted. (Acts 12:5) They cared for orphans and widows. (Jas. 1:27) And even though they were poor, they contributed gifts to support other Christians. They are willing to die for one another.

14 Like the first-century Christians, we love God's people today by showing love to those who are not Witnesses, by giving generously to support this important work, not by being compelled to give, not by being required to give, not by being required to give tithes, but by lovingly helping our brothers and sisters in need.* We are not only providing material support but also providing spiritual comfort to our brothers and sisters. This is in line with the apostle Paul's counsel: "Speak consolingly to the depressed souls, support the weak, be long-suffering toward all". (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has drawn us into a worldwide brotherhood of people who truly love one another and their neighbors.

15 The love of God is remarkable because we live in a world full of selfishness, and the apostle Paul foretold that in the last days people would be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, lovers of pleasures.

* For example, see the jw.org article Disaster Relief Work for 2023 See How Jehovah Loves Us.

13. How did first-century Christians show love for their neighbors? (John 13:35)

14. (a) How do God's people today show love? (b) How do we show love?

15. Why can we say that the love among Jehovah's people is a miracle?

16

The Watchtower

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus foretold that people would be betrayed and hated, and he added that most people would lose love. (Matt. 24:10, 12) Would you not agree that such things are happening in the world today?

16 We show love for our brothers when we sincerely appreciate their fine example and strive to be peaceable with them. (Mark 9:50) When we show love for our brothers and sisters in our fatherly ways and conduct, we show that we are true worshippers.

Become a part of God's family

17 The growth, unity, and love that we experience in the organization are evidence that Jehovah is working miracles in our behalf. Despite persecution, our numbers will increase. There are many divisions, but we are united.

18 It is remarkable, indeed, to see God's blessing, unity, and love increase in this troubled world, and these miracles strengthen our confidence in Jehovah's promises for the future. (2 Pet. 3:13) Continue to appreciate your part in Jehovah's miracles in our time.

16. How can we show love for one another?

17. Why are you convinced that Jehovah is performing miracles today?

18. How should Jehovah's miracles affect us today?

How can you be grateful for these miracles?

■ Growth

■ Unity among us

■ Our love for one another

154th song

Love That Doesn't Go Away

December 21-27, 2026

PSALM 135 Jehovah Lovingly Asks: "Be Wise, My Son"

WHY This article will help young ones to see that making good friends will help them to remain loyal to Jehovah.

Good Friends Help Us to Remain Firm

If a man can dominate one, two can stand together.

WE ALL want to serve Jehovah faithfully, but it is not easy to do so because the world tries to distance us from him. We need to be careful not to be influenced by the world's misguided view of friendship. For example, some people in the world think that the number of friends they have is important, even if they are not true friends.

Before his death, Jesus told his faithful apostles: "You are the ones who have stood by me in my trials". (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) A good friend helps, not only when things are going well, but also during hard times. - Proverbs 17:17, footnote; Ecclesiastes 4:9-12.*

* Although this verse is often used in connection with marriage, it specifically refers to friendship.

2. (a) What kind of friendship did Jesus have? (b) According to Ecclesiastes 4:9-12, how can good friends benefit us?

18

We are comforted, encouraged, and encouraged. Such friends will help us to endure whatever trials we may face. When you serve Jehovah together with your friends, your friendship will grow and last.

3 How can making good friends help young ones to remain loyal to Jehovah? How can faithful parents and fellow believers be good friends for young ones? Let us consider the example of the prophet Daniel and see how his closest friend, Jehovah, helped him when he was alone.

Worshiping Jehovah Requires Us to Believe

4 Daniel grew up during a time when God's people were in dire straits. Most of the Israelites living in Judah were disobedient to Jehovah, and in 620 B.C.E., Jehovah allowed King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon to rule over Judah. (Dan. 1:2) Daniel was probably in his late teens.

5 How did Daniel prepare for the trials he faced in Babylon? The Bible tells us that Daniel was determined in his heart to obey God's laws. (Dan. 1:8) How did Daniel come to know God's laws, and who taught him from an early age to choose to serve Jehovah?

Consider this: Jehovah appointed Jeremiah as a prophet in 647 B.C.E., and he began his ministry before Daniel was born. (Jer. 1:2) Jeremiah repeatedly conveyed Jehovah's message to the royal family and other prominent individuals, including Daniel's family. (Jer. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) We cannot say with certainty that Jeremiah and Daniel were close friends. (Jer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) No doubt, Jeremiah's father set a fine example of loyalty to Jehovah in the midst of ungodly people.

7 We are confident that Daniel's parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah had a positive influence on him.

8 If you are a parent, ask yourself:

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. What events occurred during Daniel's teenage years?

5-6. Who may have helped Daniel to choose to serve Jehovah?

7-8. How can parents and other experienced Christians help young ones to be loyal to Jehovah?

October 2026 19

How can you help your children to love and trust Jehovah with all their heart? How can you do this? Teach them about Jehovah regularly, help them to be confident at the meetings, and work with them in the field ministry. Young ones benefit greatly from associating with people who are examples of faith and faithfulness, as Jeremiah benefited from the example of Daniel.

God's Word Tells Us When We Are Affected

9 When Daniel and other Hebrew youths were taken into captivity, they faced unprecedented trials in their homeland.

10 The king ordered that Daniel and the other young captives be given a portion of the king's food, some of which were unclean under the Mosaic Law. (Dan. 1:5, 8) The young men could have eaten such food only as an excuse; they could have said that they were captives and free.

9. What trials did Daniel and the other young Hebrews face?

10. What was the first test faced by the young Hebrews?

What will they do if they do not eat? Or if they do not eat, the king will be angry with them, or he will punish them.

11 Of all the young Hebrews chosen to receive the training, only Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego are mentioned in the Scriptures as being loyal to Jehovah.

Like Daniel and his friends, make friends with people who are determined to be loyal to Jehovah and to reject the world's influences. (1 John 2:15-17) True friends will help you to be loyal even in the smallest of things, and they will bless and strengthen you. (Luke 16:10) Being loyal in the smallest of things will also help you to endure even the most difficult trials.

God's Word Tells Us When We Are Affected

13 True friends help each other to overcome difficult problems. Consider the difficult situation that Daniel and his companions faced when King Nebuchadnezzar dreamed a dream that distressed him.

11. (a) How did Daniel show that he had good friends? (b) How did Daniel show that he had good friends?

12. What will help young ones to remain faithful when faced with trials?

13. What serious challenge did Daniel and his companions face?

20 The Watchtower

Then came the magicians and the magicians of Babylon, and he did not tell them the dream, but he asked them to interpret the dream, and no man could do it.

14 Daniel pleaded with the king to give him time to explain the dream and its interpretation. Then Daniel went to his companions. The account says: "Then they were instructed to pray to the God of the king for mercy in regard to this secret, so that Daniel and his companions might not be destroyed . . .

14. How did the young Hebrews help one another? (See also picture.)

15 We can learn valuable lessons from this experience: First, do not feel isolated when faced with adversity, and do not let pride or shame prevent you from seeking help; second, be willing to ask others to pray for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Be assured that such prayers work. Jehovah, the Hearer of prayer, will help you to cope with any challenge, no matter how difficult it may be. - Ps. 65:2; Eph. 3:20.

A True Love That Can Help Us in Every Way

16 When Daniel was in his early 90's, when Babylon was under the rule of the Medes and Persians, Daniel was serving at the court of King Darius.

15. What lessons do we learn from the account of Daniel and his companions? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What severe test did Daniel face in his old age?

How did Daniel's friends help him when he faced a difficult situation? (See paragraph 14)

God never abandons those who love him (See paragraph 18)

And when they had devised a plot against him, he was thrown into the lions' den; and there was no one to help him, and there was no one to help him.

17 Daniel 6:19-23 describes how Daniel was miraculously rescued from the lions' den. (Read.) While Daniel was in the lions' den, Jehovah God, the strongest Friend, rescued him from the lions' den.

18 Some situations may cause you to be isolated from friends and family

17. According to Daniel 6:19-23, how did Daniel benefit from his friendship with Jehovah?

18. Why is it important to be Jehovah's friends, and how can we do so? (See box "Jehovah Is Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend".)

If you have been assigned to a remote area, if you have had to move to a different place, if you have been displaced by illness or old age, or if you have been imprisoned, you may feel isolated.

We ARE close friends

19 It is important to have good associations now because they help us to make good decisions as Jehovah's day draws near, encourage us, and build us up. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11) After the apostle Peter said that the end of all things was near, he added: "Above all else, love one another deeply". - 1 Pet. 4:7, 8.

20 Good friends are a gift from Jehovah, and we need them now more than ever

19. Why do we need good friends now? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

20. What kind of friendship do you want, and how do you benefit from making good friends?

22 The Watchtower

(Heb. 13:5) With Jehovah's help, we and our friends can cope with whatever trials we may face today, and our friendship will last forever.

DESCRIPTION: Daniel and his friends helped each other to cope with trials and remain faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah - Our Father, God, and Friend

If you find it difficult to view Jehovah as a Father or a Reliable Person, what can you do?

● Speak to Jehovah: Pray to him repeatedly; he wants you to express your feelings.

● Obedience to Jehovah: To do this, read the Bible regularly and learn more about his qualities and ways to get to know him better.

● Be patient: It takes time for two people to trust each other and become close friends.

You can read more about this in the article "How to Become God's Friend" on jw.org.

How the Holy Spirit can help us . . .

■ when temptations come upon us?

■ when we face serious problems?

■ in isolation?

Song 161 - I Delight in Doing Your Will

December 28, 2026 JANUARY 3, 2027

Song 162 - My Spiritual Needs

WHY? This article will encourage us to consider a scripture each day and provide suggestions on how to do so.

Examining the Scriptures Daily

They readily accepted the word, . . . carefully examining the Scriptures daily. - Acts 17:11.

IN 1905, Jehovah's organization published a book entitled A Day in the Life of Christians, which contained a daily text and commentary from Zion's Watch Tower, and it was used by Jehovah's people every year until 1927, when the same text and commentaries were added to the Yearbook.* As a result, the brothers received more texts and commentaries from the Watch Tower each year.

2 Since 1986, the organization has been publishing the daily text in the book Examining the Scriptures Daily, which is now available in more than 300 languages. In addition, the daily text can be found on the JW Library® app, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARYTM (wol.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

3 Because of our limited time, some of us find it difficult to consider a scripture each day.

* In languages where the Yearbook was not available at the time, the daily text and reference text appear in The Watchtower.

1-2. How has Jehovah's organization helped us to consider the scriptures each day, and what tools can be used to find the daily text today? 3. What may sometimes make it difficult for us to consider the daily text, and what will we consider in this article?

24

In this article, we will consider three key questions: What Bible example encourages us to examine the Scriptures daily, why is it good to do so, and how can we do so?

What We Love From the Bereans

4 The scripture on which this article is based illustrates the positive attitude that some Jews in Beroea displayed when Paul preached to them. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Bible describes the Bereans as transgressors. By this we know that what he tells us is true.

(Acts 17:12) However, some Jews from Thessalonica came to Beroea to stir up the crowd and persuade them to reject Paul's teachings. (Acts 17:13) Nevertheless, these new Christians were not intimidated. Their daily study of the Scriptures convinced them that they had found the truth, and it certainly helped them to remain faithful.

4. What attitude did the Bereans display when Paul preached to them? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did daily study of the Scriptures benefit the Bereans?

Biblical Examples That Show That Jehovah Wants Us to Serve Him Every Day

• The Mosaic Law required that the priests offer sacrifices daily. - Deuteronomy 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the Law daily and to meditate on it. - Josh. 1:8, footnote.

• Jehovah commanded the kings of Israel to rewrite the Law and read it daily. - Deuteronomy 17:18-20.

• The psalmist encourages us to delight in God's law and to read it daily. - Ps. 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed three times a day. - Dan. 6:10.

• In the book of Revelation, the great woman is described as rendering sacred service to God day and night. - Rev. 7:15.

Why do we think we need to talk to scientists all the time?

6 We study the Scriptures daily because it helps us to focus on Jehovah and how we can serve him. As our God, Jehovah deserves to have time each day to serve him, and he loves us and wants us to live forever. (John 3:16) There are many examples in the Bible that show that he is pleased with our daily course of service.

6. Why should we examine the Scriptures daily? (See the box "Bible Examples That Show That Jehovah Wants Us to Serve Him Every Day".)

October 2026 25

Examining the Scriptures daily also gives them the opportunity to pray, read, and meditate on the Bible.

(Read Ephesians 5:15, 16) Consider this: Taking a few minutes to learn about the thinking of our loving Father, Jehovah, would not be a good way to use our time?

8 We examine the Scriptures daily because they help us to cope with our daily troubles. Jesus said that each day suffers enough troubles for him. (Matt. 6:34) As Jesus said, we face problems every day, but Jesus also assures us that Jehovah knows what we are going through and what we need. (Matt. 6:25-32) Studying the Scriptures helps us to keep our minds focused on solving problems and focusing on Jehovah's help. (Ps. 5:6, 7) For example, a bereaved sister who felt that her conscience was unforgivable because of a past sin, prayed to Jehovah to reassure her that he had forgiven her, and then read the day's scripture, Psalm 86:5, which says: "O Jehovah, you are kind and forgiving; you are abundant in loving-kindness to all who call upon you".

7-8. For what other reasons should we examine the Scriptures daily? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

9 The daily scripture often reminds us to rely on Jehovah in times of trial. (Prov. 3:5, 6) For example, on the day of the opening ceremony in Russia and Ukraine, we read Isaiah 30:15, which says: "You will be strong if you remain calm and trust in me". After praying, she strengthened us so that we did not become overly anxious. Sister Svitlana said: "Isaiah 30:15 became very important to us.

When Jehovah chose Joshua to lead the nation of Israel, he instructed him three times to be courageous and courageous. To do this, Joshua was instructed to read the book of the Law daily. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.)

9. How did a scripture one day benefit our brothers in Ukraine?

10. (a) Why do we need to have a heart, and what can we do to have a stronger heart? (b) How can we cultivate that heart?

26 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Examining the Scriptures daily strengthens us to be courageous (See paragraph 10)

11 We study the Scriptures daily because it helps us to make spiritual progress. As a young man, Timothy was encouraged by Paul to set a fine example in fatherhood, conduct, love, faith, and chastity, and to make progress in these areas. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) Examining the scripture each day gives us the opportunity to reflect on what we can do to advance in Jehovah's service, allowing us to be guided by Jehovah's spirit, to think as he pleases, and to act as he pleases. - Rom. 8:5, 6.

12 We regularly examine the Scriptures to prepare us for future responsibilities. We need mature young men and women who can help us to care for the many activities that are taking place in Jehovah's organization. For example, we need pioneers and missionaries, Bethel volunteers and translators, and volunteers who can help with construction work. Jehovah is looking for trustworthy men who understand and apply Bible principles to take the lead in the organization. (Deuteronomy 1:13-15) Having a regular schedule for examining the Scriptures will help you to understand Bible principles and prepare you for responsibilities.

How Can You Be Eager to Help Your Child?

13 How can you consider the day's text? Bethel families around the world offer a brief heartfelt prayer followed by a discussion of the day's text.

11. How will daily study of the Scriptures help us to make progress in Jehovah's service?

12. (a) What assignments do young ones need in the organization, and how can we prepare for such assignments?

13. How can you consider the day's scripture?

October 2026 27

What will help you to avoid distractions as you consider the Bible text each day? (See paragraph 18)

(Jas. 1:5) Then, consider the scripture and its context, and ask yourself these questions: How can this scripture strengthen my faith? What does it teach me about Jehovah that will draw me closer to him?

14 What other ways can you make the study of the daily scripture more rewarding? (1) Pull down and meditate on the main points of the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. that accompany the paragraph; (2) read the footnotes; (3) read the full text of the Bible; (4) use the Research Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses; and (5) read the rest of the article.

If you are using a computer, you can find the study article by signing the link that appears at the end of the article.*

15 Commenting on her zeal for the Scriptures, a 19-year-old sister named Mackenzie said: If I could add a minute, perhaps five minutes, and read the scripture patiently and meditate on the explanations, I could easily remember what I was looking at.

16 When is the best time to discuss the Scriptures? - For example, some do so before breakfast or after lunch, others do so before taking their children to school, while the Daily Scripture Examination book is placed on a table or on a bedside table, but if a situation arises suddenly, you may need to be willing to change the schedule at a later time.

17 It is wise to set aside a specific time for the Day of Atonement.

* In the box you will find the price of the issue, the month in which it was published, and the pages and sections cited.

16. When should you consider the divine text each day?

17-18. Why is it good to set aside time to study the Scriptures, and what will help you to do so daily? (See also pictures.)

14-15. What more can we do, and what will help us to remember the day's verse?

28 The Watchtower

John, 16, says: "If you don't put the Scriptures first, you're going to lose weight". Sierra, 25, says: "The first thing I do when I think about it is reading the Scriptures before the day starts". Rogelio, 21, says: "I adjust my mind to remind my father to do it every day".

Isabelle, 19, says: "Be careful not to do anything else or watch your cell phone until you have finished the Scriptural discussion. If you find yourself distracted while discussing Scripture on the phone, use the book yourself before touching your phone. If someone remembers you or works with you, it is easy for you to do so every day.

Each month, the meetings will be discussed in detail.

19 Parents, if you make sure that your family discusses the day's text each day, it will be easier for your children to become accustomed to it when they grow up. Even if they are too young to understand the day's text, your daily routine will benefit them in the future. Just as a small tree grows into a large tree as its roots are watered, so your children will grow spiritually strong if you spend a few minutes discussing the day's text with them. - Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: "Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every utterance coming forth through Jehovah's mouth". (Matt. 4:4) We do not want a day to pass without eating.

19. Why is it important for parents to help their children to study the Scriptures regularly? (Philippians 1:9, 10)

20. How important is spiritual food?

How would you respond?

■ Why should we consider the day's text daily?

■ How can we benefit from Scriptural reasoning?

■ What suggestions in this article will help you to examine the Scriptures daily?

94th Song

Appreciation for God's Word

Build Your Faith on a Firm Basis

WHEN you studied the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses, what convinced you that you had the same belief or way of worship as God? (Eph. 4:4-6) Did you choose to associate with Jehovah's people because of their love for you?

What if a brother has sinned against you, or a brother has sinned against you? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you are convinced by words and deeds, what can you do to build up your faith?

Why Do You Have to Believe?

If your faith is strengthened by the truths you have learned from the Bible, how will that help you? Consider this example.

Many of his disciples left him, and, bewildered at his words, they said to him, "This is a hard saying". - John 6:56-60, 66.

Then Jesus asked them, "Do you also want to go away?" Peter answered, "Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life. We have believed and have come to know that you are the Holy One of God".

Why were they offended by these words? They believed and knew that you are the Holy One of God. They were convinced by what they had learned from the Scriptures that Jesus was the Christ and that they had not rejected the testimony about Jesus.

What can we learn from this experience? A good knowledge of Bible truth will help us to keep faithful to Jehovah even if someone offends us. Why? Because the truths found in the Bible, such as God's name, purpose, and ransom, will never change.

30 The Watchtower

If we are convinced that we have been taught the truth by Jehovah's organization, no one will stop us from serving Jehovah.

It is true that our love for one another and our good conduct encourage us, but even if we are offended by a brother or sister, our faith in what we have learned from the Scriptures will sustain us, and it will help us to be sure that we are in the right organization, no matter what the individual may do.

By regularly reading and studying the Scriptures, we will be assured of the truthfulness of God's Word, and we will be assured that we are serving God in a righteous way, and all of this will help us to be firm in our faith no matter what we say or do. - See the box "Continue on the Way of Life".

If you are convinced by what people say or do, your faith will not stand firm.

Stay on the Path of Life

Imagine that you are on a long journey by bus to a beautiful place, and you are likely to enjoy it for many reasons, especially since you know that you are going to a beautiful place.

But if you are in the boat, there will be no noise from others or even from the driver, and you will be distressed. This ship will lead you to your destination. Only be patient.

In the same way, we all rejoice in the kingdom of God when we are humiliated or humiliated by our brothers and sisters.

Oct. 2026

31

The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

What is the meaning of the Bible?

From this chapter

This is the year 1926.

Study Issue for December 7-13. 6 Show Yourself Thankful

Study Issue for December 14-20 12 Help to Understand the Miracles Jehovah Is Doing Today

Study Issue for December 21-27, 18 Good Friends Thank You for Keeping Us Together

Study Issue for December 28 January 3 24 Examining the Scriptures Daily

Build Your Faith on What Is Strong.

The Reward of Life

Jehovah Rewards Us for Our Faith

A sister named Emma, who worked nine hours a day for three days a week at a hotel, asked the manager to give her permission to attend an assembly. The manager refused, telling her that from that day on she would work five or six days a week and that if she did not agree, she would stop working.

Emma wrote a letter of resignation. When she handed the letter to the manager, she met with the manager. The manager learned of what was going on, and promised to do something about the situation. However, after two weeks, the manager fired Emma. Jehovah provided even more than he expected.

It is part of a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary donations.

The cited passages are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org, or scan this code on your computer

JW.ORG ®

w26.10