January 2026

The Watchtower

It Announces the Rise of Jehovah's Kingdom

THE YEAR 2026:

Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need. - Matt. 5:3.

The date of the presentation: MARCH 2-APRIL 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

PSALM 97

Life Is Based on the Bible

What This Study Says

We will see what we need to do to continue to receive Jehovah's guidance and to enjoy it.

Let God Keep Guiding You

THE YEAR 2026:

Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need. - Matt. 5:3.

WITHOUT these basic human needs, we also need God's guidance. (Read Matthew 5:3) To be happy, we must recognize that we need God's guidance and continue to rely on it.

2 The Greek word translated those who feel in need of divine guidance has the sense of a needy person begging for help. Imagine a person sitting on the street begging for help; his clothes are all dirty and he has no food to eat. Knowing that he is in need of God's help in his life, he also begs God for help, and God grants him any kind of help.

3 In this article, we will first consider what we can learn from the Phoenician woman who begged Jesus for help.

1. What things does Jehovah know humans need? (Matthew 5:3)

2. What illustration can be used to illustrate a person's need for God's direction?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

The Phoenician woman humbly implored Jesus to help her and had faith in him (See paragraph 5)

In her words, this woman's words will highlight three qualities for those who feel that they need divine guidance, and let us consider what we can learn from the apostles Peter, Paul, and King David - all of whom were guided by God.

Lessons Learned From the Philistine's Way of Life

4 On one occasion, Jesus was approached by a Phoenician woman whose daughter had been plagued by a demon. (Matt. 15:21-28) So she knelt at Jesus' feet and begged for help.

5 The Phoenician woman showed humility because she was not angry when Jesus compared her to a puppy. The puppy was a common animal in non-Jewish households. What would you have done if Jesus compared you to a puppy? He had said that he had come only to the lost sheep of Israel. But Jesus chased the demons out of the woman's daughter.

6 If we want Jehovah's guidance, we must imitate the Phoenician woman by humbly asking him for help and by following the lead of Jesus Christ and his followers.

4. What did a Phoenician woman want Jesus to do for her?

5. (a) How did Jesus deal with the woman, and why? (b) How did Jesus deal with the woman?

6. What lesson do we learn from the story of the Phoenician woman?

January 2026 3

(Matt. 24:45-47) When we exercise faith in Jehovah and Jesus, humble ourselves, and regularly ask for their help, Jehovah and Jesus will be pleased to see our support and guidance. (Compare James 1:5-7.) Then, let us consider what we can learn from the apostles Peter, Paul, and King David.

Learn From Peter to Learn From God's Word

(John 6:66-68) Before ascending to heaven, Jesus entrusted Peter with the task of feeding his "little sheep". (John 21:17) Peter accepted that assignment and did just that. Jehovah even inspired him to write two letters that are now part of the Bible. He acknowledged that some of Paul's writings were "difficult to understand". (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) Nevertheless, Peter did not give up, continuing his study, confident that Jehovah would help him to understand and apply the "difficult foods" that Jehovah inspired Paul to write in his letters. - Read Hebrews 5:146:1.

7. What assignment did Jesus give to Peter, and what was his responsibility? (Hebrews 5:146:1)

8 One day in Joppa, Peter received a vision in which an angel of God told him that he had no right to kill animals that were forbidden under the Mosaic Law. "No, Lord, " Peter replied", for I have never eaten anything unclean or unclean. " Then the angel said", What God has made clean, do not call it unclean. " (Acts 10:9-15) Then Peter changed his mind. (Acts 10:28, 29) But when Jehovah gave Peter new direction, he immediately accepted it. (Prov. 4:18) So he preached the good news to Cornelius and his household, who believed in Jesus, received holy spirit, and were baptized. - Acts 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, we need to study the simple truths of God's Word regularly.

8. How did Jehovah respond to Peter's adjusted direction through an angel?

9. How do we benefit from hard spiritual food in two ways?

4 The Watchtower

It will help us in at least two ways: First, it will help us to learn more about Jehovah and increase our love and respect for him; and second, it will motivate us to tell others about the wonderful qualities of our great heavenly Father. If we do, Jehovah will continue to guide us to serve him faithfully.

Follow Paul's Example

10 Another way in which Jehovah guides us is by revealing the personality he wants us to have - by putting off the old personality and putting on the new one, as the apostle Paul urged us to do. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) He was ignorant of the teaching of Christ and was arrogant in his arrogance. He was completely displeasing to God. - 1 Tim. 1:13.

10. According to Colossians 3:8-10, what must we do to please Jehovah?

(Acts 9:1) So when he became a Christian, he evidently worked hard to break free from that old habit. (Eph. 4:22, 31) However, at one point, Paul and Barnabas had a disagreement that led to a bitter dispute. (Acts 15:37-39) Paul's attitude did not give up. 9:27.

(Phil. 4:13) Instead, like Peter, Paul relied on "the power that comes from God". (1 Pet. 4:11) Still, at times Paul felt discouraged, and meditating on the good things his heavenly Father had done for him gave him the strength to keep on doing what pleases Jehovah. - Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Whether we have been serving Jehovah for a long time or recently, we must work hard to put off the old personality and put on the new one, which involves living in harmony with what Jehovah teaches us.

11. Explain what wrong course Paul had to overcome.

12. What enabled Paul to overcome the negative traits that plagued him?

13. How can we imitate Paul?

January 2026 5

We must keep on studying God's Word, putting on the new personality, and allowing Jehovah to protect us (See paragraph 18)

(Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) In doing so, we need to remember this fact: If we are overwhelmed or overwhelmed by our clothing, we need to be able to put on it, but if we are able to put on the new personality, we need to adapt and live according to Jehovah's standards in order to please him.

Learn From David - Jehovah Does Not Rely on You

14 As we have seen, if we are to be happy, we must study God's Word and put on the new personality, but we also need God's protection.

14-15. How does Jehovah protect his people today? (Psalm 27:5) (See also opening picture.)

15 King David was confident that Jehovah would protect him even in bad times. (Read Psalm 27:5.) How does Jehovah protect us today? First, he protects us from anyone or anything that could destroy our faith. (Prov. 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) In addition, Jehovah has provided us with the support and encouragement of many brothers and sisters, including visiting elders. (Isa. 32:1, 2) At our Christian meetings, he also provides us with practical training to protect us. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

6 The Watchtower

(Compare Proverbs 5:1, 2.) However, when David disobeyed Jehovah, Jehovah did not protect him from the consequences. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) At times, David's heart was tormented and hurt.

17 When we pray for Jehovah's guidance in making decisions, we are imitating David, but we must remember that if we disobey Jehovah and make wrong decisions, we may suffer and that Jehovah will not remove us. (Gal. 6:7, 8) Moreover, when others cause us to suffer, we can open our heart to Jehovah, confident that he will protect our minds and hearts. - Phil. 4:6, 7.

16. In what ways did Jehovah protect David?

17. How can we imitate David?

Let GOD's Life Shape Your Life

18 Our yeartext for the year 2026 says: "Happy are those conscious of their need for God's guidance". Why do we say this, especially today, because many today reject God's guidance? Others believe in God but are deceived or guided by human wisdom.

18. (a) What is not recognized by many today, and what must we do to continue to be guided by Jehovah? (b) How can we benefit from Jehovah's guidance?

PAGE 6: The same sister is studying The Watchtower, showing kindness to others, showing her new personality, receiving encouragement from the elders, and listening to them.

WHAT would you say?

■ How can we imitate Peter in our study of God's Word?

■ How can we imitate Paul and put on the new personality?

■ Like David, how can we have Jehovah's protection?

PSALM 162

The Word Became Food

March 9-15, 2026

PSALM 45

My Heart's Reflections

What This Study Says

What to do when we are overwhelmed by grief or anxiety.

How to Cope With Grief and Stress

What a pitiful word! - Rom. 7:24.

WHEN you think of the apostle Paul as a courageous missionary, an accomplished teacher, or a prolific writer of Bible literature, you may think of him as a human like us, who at times suffered from depression, depression, or anxiety.

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. In his letter to the Romans, Paul describes how he sometimes felt. Many of us today may feel the same way.

3 Although Paul's imperfections and past mistakes may have caused him to feel discouraged or depressed,* we will consider the following questions: Why did Paul at times feel sorry for himself?

* DESCRIPTION: This article deals with people who suffer from depression and anxiety, not those who have a mental illness that requires medical attention.

1-2. How did the apostle Paul at times feel, and why can we benefit from his experience? - Romans 7:21-24.

3. What questions will be answered in this article? (See also footnote.)

8

WHAT was Paul's reason for God's approval?

4 Paul, who was then known as Saul, committed many wrongs before becoming a Christian and later regretted doing so, including accepting the stoning and execution of Stephen. (Acts 7:58; 8:1) Furthermore, he recorded the hatred and persecution of Christians at that time. - Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

For example, in his first letter to the Corinthians in 55 C.E., the apostle Paul wrote: "I am not worthy to be called an apostle, because I have hated the congregation of God". (1 Cor. 15:9) Five years later, in his letter to the Ephesians, he also stated that among all the holy ones, he was worthless. (Eph. (Gal. 3:8) Paul also wrote to Timothy: "I was a blasphemer, a hateful person, and an avaricious person". (1 Tim. 1:13) Imagine that Paul visited a congregation and met some of the hated ones or their relatives.

6 A thorn in the flesh: Paul's other greatest concern was that of a thorn in the flesh. (2 Cor. 12:7) Although Paul did not say exactly what was causing him pain, his use of the expression indicates that it was something that caused him great pain, possibly because of an illness or a problem that left him with anxiety.*

7 His imperfections: Paul made mistakes. (Read Romans 7:18, 19) Although he had a strong desire to do what was right, his sinful nature made it difficult for him. He acknowledged that at times he did not do what he wanted to do, but that he did what he did not want to do.

What Did Paul Know About God?

(Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Often, Paul spoke of the wrong attitudes or desires that Christians should fight against. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) Paul's counsel can be trusted, for he studied the Scriptures to find out what he needed to do and how to do so.

4. What caused Paul to be depressed?

5. How did Paul feel about his past sins?

6. (a) What was Paul's greatest concern? (b) What was Paul's greatest concern?

(Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or he may have been overwhelmed by what some false teachers had said about him. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) We do not know exactly what was causing Paul's anguish, but we do know that he was distressed.

7. Why was it sometimes difficult for Paul to do what was right? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What do Paul's letters reveal about his handling of his weaknesses?

January 2026 9

And he gave it to others, and he made it work for himself.

9 Although Paul at times felt discouraged, he had reasons to rejoice, such as good news from fellow evangelizers that encouraged him. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) He also enjoyed association with fellow Christians. (2 Tim. 1:4) Moreover, he was happy because he had a strong relationship with Jehovah and was able to serve Jehovah with a clean conscience. (2 Tim. 1:3) Even while imprisoned in Rome, Paul encouraged his fellow Christians to keep on rejoicing in the Lord. (1 Cor. 4:4) Paul's words do not indicate that he was overly preoccupied with his own problems.

(Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7) So Paul was confident that Jehovah would use Jesus' ransom sacrifice to forgive his sins. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Despite his past sins and imperfections, Paul was happy that he was able to render pure service to God. - Heb. 9:12-14.

11 Like Paul, we may have been trying to please Jehovah in our thoughts, actions, and words, but we have lost our sense of urgency. So we may feel discouraged and say, "It's a pity!"

What can we do if we are hurt and disappointed?

12 Keep on doing things that draw you closer to Jehovah. We are happy when we keep on doing things that draw us closer to him. By continuing to do all these things, we will be encouraged to keep our minds fixed on positive things rather than on disappointments. - Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 Consider the case of John, who was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer at the time.

* Names have been changed.

9-10. When Paul became discouraged, what helped him to maintain his joy? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also picture.)

11. Why can Paul's words encourage us?

12. How do we benefit from keeping close to Jehovah?

13-14. How have some benefited from our ongoing efforts to draw close to Jehovah?

10 The Watchtower

Though Paul was deeply troubled by past sins, meditating on the ransom helped him to maintain his joy

(See paragraphs 9-10)

13 At first, he felt overwhelmed and anxious. He wondered, 'How could this disease affect a young man like me?' At the time, his son was only three years old. What helped John? But in time, you will see that Jehovah is strengthening you and supporting you.

14 Eliza, quoted earlier, says: "When I go to the meetings, what I hear or learn reminds me that Jehovah listens to me and loves me deeply.

Consider, too, Nolan, a circuit overseer in Africa. He and his wife, Diane, say what has helped them: "We keep doing what we do in Jehovah's service even when we are discouraged.

15 While we have learned that when we are depressed or depressed, we need to keep on doing things in Jehovah's service, we may need to do more than we should.

15. What might we need to do if we are overwhelmed or depressed? Illustrate.

January 11, 2024

When you are overwhelmed by anxiety, look for specific words to help you (See paragraph 17)

Similarly, if we are often overwhelmed by depression or anxiety, we may need to do research in the Bible and in the Christian publications, or we may need to talk to a mature brother or sister who can give us good advice.

16 Ask Jehovah to help you identify the root cause of your sorrow or anxiety. King David knew that Jehovah knew him well, so he asked Jehovah to help him identify the cause of his sorrow or anxiety. (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24) You too can ask Jehovah to help you identify the cause of your sorrow or anxiety and what you can do about it.

17 Learning about Jehovah's qualities will help you to cope with your problems. You can learn more about God's mercy, forgiveness, and unfailing love by using the Jehovah's Witnesses Research Manual, Watch Tower Publications.

16. How can you deal with anxiety? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

17. (a) What study can help you to keep your mind focused on what motivates you? (b) What can help you to keep your mind focused on what motivates you?

12 The Watchtower

Do the same in the Index or in any of our publications available in your language. Write down the title of any material that is helpful to you, add to it any new material that you find, draw up a reference to it, and learn from it whenever you are overwhelmed by anxiety.

18 Elijah, quoted earlier, learned more about Job, saying: "Like Job, I too have been subjected to severe trials. His trials were so painful that he did not even know where they came from. Yet, he never turned away from Jehovah. (Job 42:1-6) Diane, quoted earlier, says: "My husband and I are studying the book Draw Close to Jehovah. This strengthens our relationship with him. - Isa. 64:8.

18. What have some Christians learned about this?

Be Aware of the Future

19 Even if we do all of the things we have discussed in this article, we should not expect that our grief or anxiety will fade away. Sadly, sometimes it will, but in Jehovah's eyes, the causes of anxiety will help us to keep our minds focused on what is right, so that we can be sure that we will have a good conscience and serve him joyfully.

20 Let us do our utmost to avoid being overwhelmed by our past mistakes, problems, or imperfections, and be confident that Jehovah will help us to overcome our anxiety. (Ps. 143:10) One day, when all our worries and anxieties will be gone, we will wake up in the morning with a positive outlook and enjoy serving our loving God, Jehovah.

19. What should we not expect, but of what can we be assured?

20. What are you determined to do?

WHAT would you say?

Why did Paul at times feel sorry for himself?

Although Paul at times felt discouraged, what helped him to serve Jehovah with a good conscience and joy?

What can we do when we are overwhelmed by grief or anxiety?

Song 34 - Walking in Integrity

MARCH 16 to 22, 2026

PSALM 20

You Gave Your Beloved Son to Us

What This Study Says

How the ransom offers forgiveness of sins, the prospect of becoming perfect, and our friendship with Jehovah.

14

Why We Need the Ransom

Who will rescue me from the body that leads me to this death?

WHAT would he do if a building collapsed and someone remained alive? What would he do if he simply shouted for someone to remove it?

In his letter to the Romans, the apostle Paul said that we are all slaves to sin. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) The sin that Paul inherited from Adam, death, will continue in any way. (Gal. 6:23) Who will rescue me from the body that leads me to this death?

3 Paul's question: "Who will rescue me from the body that is leading me to this death?" did it mean that he was hopeless? No. After asking that question, he confidently said: "Thanks be to God through Jesus Christ our Lord!" (Rom. 7:25) Paul meant that Jehovah has delivered us by means of Jesus' ransom sacrifice.*

* DEFINITION: A ransom is the payment of a debt, and Jesus' sacrificial death is a ransom because it frees obedient mankind from sin and death.

1-2. Why do we need a rescuer? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also picture.)

3. What does the ransom offer us?

Just as this building collapsed on this man and could not open up, so we too, who seem to be under sin and imperfection, cannot open up, need a savior

(See paragraphs 1-2)

We will consider these matters in this article and our love for Jehovah, who is the "God of hope", will grow. (Rom. 15:13) Moreover, our appreciation for Jesus, through whom we have been redeemed, will grow. - Col. 1:14.

We are blessed by life

(Read Ecclesiastes 7:20.) Some of the sins we commit, such as adultery or murder, are punishable by death under the Mosaic Law. (Lev. 20:10; Num. 35:30, 31) However, some sins are not so serious.

5 Have you ever felt sorry for yourself? Have you ever felt sorry for yourself? All of us have felt sorry for ourselves. If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us. - 1 John 1:8.

6 Because of Jehovah's justice, there is a need to act to obtain forgiveness, and the ransom is the basis for Jehovah's forgiveness of our sins.

7 Under the Mosaic Law, when the Israelites sinned, animal sacrifices were required to make atonement for their sins. (Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) Such sacrifices were a precursor to the greater sacrifice that Jesus would make in the future, bringing many blessings to mankind.

4-5. Why do we need the ransom? (Ecclesiastes 7:20)

6-7. On what basis does Jehovah forgive us? (See also picture.)

January 2026 15

But you have been washed clean, you have been sanctified, you have been justified in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God. - 1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 Before attending this year's Memorial, you may want to take time to reflect on how Jehovah's forgiveness has helped you. For example, do not let your feelings of regret over past sins continue to haunt you because of the ransom. The Bible says: "If we walk in the light as he [Jehovah] himself is in the light, . . . the blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin". (1 John 1:6, 7) Like other Bible teachings, we must believe in this.

Life Proves Evidence That We Can Survive

9 When the Bible speaks of sin, it refers not only to bad practices but also to our inherited imperfection. (Read Psalm 51:5, footnote.)

8. What can you do before attending this year's Memorial?

9. What else does the Bible mean when it refers to sin? (Psalm 51:5, footnote)

Animal sacrifices represented Jesus' future sacrifice and the blessings it would bring to mankind (See paragraphs 6-7)

16 The Watchtower

In this way, even children without sin die. In the same way, we all suffer and die - whether righteous or wicked - because we all inherited sin from Adam.

10 Think of what happened to Adam and Eve when they sinned, and their conscience began to torment them deeply when they disobeyed God's law written in their hearts. (Rom. 2:15) They realized that something had changed in them, and they felt that they had to hide naked and hide from their Creator. (Gen. 3:7, 8) They had been plagued by feelings of guilt, confusion, insecurity, and shame.

(Rom. 8:20) Today, humans are doing their best to protect the earth, to combat crime, poverty, and to put an end to war. Their labor is like a vessel, and there is a hope of redemption.

12 The ransom gives us the hope that creation itself . . . will be freed from the corruption that enslaves it. (Rom. 8:21) This means that when we are brought to perfection in God's new world, we will be free from sickness, drowsiness, and anxiety, free from distress and security, and that our efforts to care for the earth and live in peace will be successful because we will be ruled by Jesus Christ, the "Prince of Peace" who gave his life as ransom for us. - Isa. 9:6, 7.

13 Think about life when sin and imperfection will be no more. You will wake up each morning feeling overwhelmed, anxious about what you will do with your loved ones, and anxious about illness or death. If we hold firmly to that unshakable hope, it can bring us peace even today. Indeed, you can be confident that Jehovah will bless you, for he is "the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him". (Heb. 11:6) Your hope for the future and the comfort it provides are made possible by the ransom.

10. What happened to Adam and Eve when they sinned?

11. What has sin brought about for us?

12. What hope does the ransom provide?

13. What can you consider before attending this year's Memorial?

January 2026 17

Only on the basis of Jesus' sacrifice can Jehovah forgive and reconcile us to him (See paragraph 16)

RELATIONSHIP FOR LIFE We can be friends with God

(Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because Jehovah is pure and all his ways are righteous, he cannot condemn sin. The Bible says of Jehovah: "He is too holy to look on what is bad, and he cannot look on what is unrighteous". (Hab. 1:13) Thus, sin has become a great barrier between us and God.

15 The Bible speaks of Jesus as the sacrifice for our sins. (1 John 2:2) The Greek word translated sacrifice can refer to the process of reconciliation. How did Jesus' sacrifice reconcile mankind to Jehovah? (Ps. 15:1, 6) Because Jehovah knew that Jesus would pay the ransom regardless of what happened. (Isa. 46:10) Thanks to the ransom, we can be reconciled to God.

For example, you may call Jehovah "Father" as Jesus taught us to do. (Matt. 6:9) You may even call him "Father".

14. How did Adam and Eve's sin affect our relationship with God, and why?

15. How have we benefited from Jesus' sacrifice?

16. (a) Before attending this year's Memorial, what other things can you meditate on? (b) How can we meditate on the Memorial?

18 The Watchtower

By means of Jesus' shed blood on the cross, Jehovah has reconciled all things and has brought about peace between God and us. (Col. 1:19, 20) Thus, even though we are still imperfect, we can be friends with Jehovah.

Life shows that Jehovah is God

17 The ransom is an outstanding expression of Jehovah's loving-kindness. Even when we died for our sins, he gave us life. (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Those who have the right heart and hope for everlasting life are like the man who turned his back on him.

18 As we meditate on the ransom, we need to keep in mind the basic purpose of Jehovah's provision. Although the ransom benefits us in many ways, we need to remember that the ransom was not provided primarily for our own salvation, but primarily for the purpose of clearing up Satan's rebellion in the garden of Eden. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) By means of the ransom, Jehovah will sanctify his name, cleanse us of all the stains associated with it, and by means of the ransom, he will redeem us from sin and prove himself to be a God of love. Moreover, despite our imperfections, Jehovah has graciously given us the opportunity to prove that Satan's accusations against him were false. (Prov. 27:11) How, then, can you show your appreciation for the ransom?

17. How does the ransom reveal Jehovah's mercy? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

18. What should we keep in mind as we meditate on the ransom?

The Way to Happiness . . .

■ forgiveness?

■ the hope of reaching perfection?

■ the conviction that it is possible to have a personal relationship with Jehovah?

PSALM 19

The Lord's Supper

March 23-29, 2026

PSALM 18

The Ransom Is Valuable to Us

What This Study Says

What each of us can do to show that we value the ransom.

How Can You Show Appreciation for the Ransom?

The love of the Christ compels us. - 2 COR. 5:14.

IF YOU were in a room when it collapsed and you were about to begin, and someone was about to take you out, would you not let that person down? Even if you were not alone, you would not stretch out your legs and go to him to thank him, so that you would know that you would never be able to repay him for what he has done for you.

2 As we saw in the preceding article, our inherited sin is like a building that has collapsed. We can flee if we are not saved. But thanks to the ransom sacrifice of Jesus, we can be freed. (Prov. 8:30, 31) The apostle Paul wrote that "the love of the Christ compels us". (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) This means that Jesus' love for us should move us to take action to show our appreciation for the ransom sacrifice.

3 How can you show your gratitude for Jesus' death? Perhaps not so much. Let us illustrate why. Let us imagine that three men are on a journey to a different city, each one on a different road, and each one on a different road.

1-2. What should Jesus' ransom sacrifice move us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also picture.)

3. Why may not someone else respond in the same way to your appreciation for the ransom?

20

How grateful we should be that Jehovah and Jesus have delivered us from sin and death! (See paragraphs 1-2)

In this article, we will consider how Bible students, baptized ones, and inactive ones can show appreciation for the ransom.

Bible Students

(John 6:44; Acts 13:48) The Bible says that Jehovah is the one who searches the heart. This means that Jehovah appreciates your efforts to learn about him and any changes you make to live in harmony with his laws. (Prov. 17:3; 27:11) Thanks to the ransom, you can have a close friendship with him.

5 If you are studying with Jehovah's Witnesses, how can you show your appreciation for the ransom? One way is to heed the apostle Paul's counsel to the Philippians: "As far as we have progressed, let us keep on walking in the same course". (Phil. 3:16) Another translation of this verse reads: "Look straight ahead to the direction our eyes are pointing".

6 If you have recently learned something in the Bible that you do not understand, do some research and pray to Jehovah to help you to understand it better. (Ps. 86:11) If you do not understand it, keep on studying the Bible, or if you find it difficult to overcome an unhealthy habit that the Bible condemns, remember that Jehovah does not expect us to do more than we can, so whatever he tells you to do, you can do. (Read Deuteronomy 30:11-14.)

4. What makes a person's study of the Bible pleasing to Jehovah?

5. How can Bible students apply the counsel found at Philippians 3:16?

6. What can a Bible student do if he or she does not understand a Bible teaching or finds it difficult to overcome a bad habit? (Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also picture below.)

January 2026 21

Jehovah does not expect us to do more than we can, but he will help us to do whatever he asks us to do (See paragraph 6)

As your love for Jehovah grows, you will find that his commandments are not burdensome. - 1 John 5:3.*

The Bible says: "Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you". (Jas. 4:8; 1 Chron. 28:9) So if you draw close to Jehovah, he will draw close to you.

* To help you apply the Bible you are studying, use the section Pay Attention in the book You Can Be Happy Forever!

7. What can children who are being raised spiritually by their parents consider?

22 The Watchtower

(Rom. 5:1, 2) So before this year's Memorial, sit down and meditate on the blessings that Jesus' death has brought you. May such meditation motivate you to set goals for showing appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you through his Son, Jesus.* <<<P

What, then, if we find that our love for Jehovah is weakening?

10 The apostle Paul urged Timothy to concentrate on his service to Jehovah and to meditate on what he would do to improve his service. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13, 15.) So try to apply that counsel and look for ways to serve Jehovah more effectively so as to "keep yourself spiritually active". If you want to increase your appreciation for all that Jehovah has done for us, including the ransom, you need to do all that you can to increase your appreciation for all that Jehovah has done for us, and in the weeks leading up to the Memorial, you can meditate on the blessings that Jehovah has bestowed upon his Witnesses.

11 Even if you find that your zeal for God seems to have waned,

10

Ask yourself, 'What steps can I take to strengthen my relationship with Jehovah?' (See paragraph 16)

The JW.ORG

We can ask ourselves: Does my way of life show that I put God's service first in my life? (Matt. 6:33) When I look at my hobbies, can I say that I hate what is bad? (Ps. 97:10) Am I a peace-loving person, and do I strive to promote peace in the congregation? (Eph. 4:2, 3) This Memorial season is a good time to meditate on these questions. That way, we will be able to make sure that what we do is pleasing to Jehovah and to Christ.*

Those Who Left Jehovah to Serve

14 Today, some of our brothers and sisters have stopped serving Jehovah - some for years, some for months - because of life's worries and anxieties. (Luke 21:34) How should Jehovah's love for his Son, Jesus, move you to act?

15 Do you think that Jehovah is looking for you to return to him? (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16) Do you think that Jehovah is looking for you to return to him?

* For information on how to show appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you, see the study article "What Motivates You to Serve God?" in the June 15, 1995, issue of The Watchtower.

14. What may have led some to abandon Jehovah's service?

15. How does Jehovah show that he cares for those who have abandoned him? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

24 The Watchtower

And thou hast a good heart, and thou wilt bring thy son back to him.

16 Reassuringly, the brochure Return to Jehovah contains these words: Be assured that Jehovah will rescue you if you return to him. He will help you to cope with your anxiety and to remove any pain you may feel. You will have a clean conscience and peace of mind, which will motivate you to return to Jehovah's service with your fellow Christians. Remember that the elders are ready to help you. (Ps. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) For example, by attending a meeting at the Kingdom Hall, telling one of the elders that you want to return to Jehovah, or arranging for someone to conduct a brief study with you.

16. (a) What can help those who have lost their faith to return to Jehovah? (b) How can we help those who have lost their faith to return to Jehovah?

WHAT would you do?

17 Jesus said that Jehovah sent him to give his life as a ransom so that anyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life. (John 3:16) Although sin and death have brought mankind to the brink of extinction, the ransom can be used to cleanse us.

18 How can you show your appreciation for the ransom? Your actions may not be the same as yours, but remember that Jehovah's servants around the world are striving to live, not for themselves, but for the one who died for them.

17-18. How can we make good use of our time as the Memorial approaches?

WHAT would you say?

■ If you are a Bible student, how can you show appreciation for the ransom?

■ If you are baptized, how can you show appreciation for the ransom?

■ If you have given up serving Jehovah, how can you show appreciation for the ransom?

PSALM 14

Praise the New King of the Earth

March 30 through April 5, 2026

PSALM 76

What Joyful News!

What This Study Says

We will learn how to speak the truth and how to reach people's hearts with Bible truth.

When Teaching the Truth, Use Kind Speech

Jehovah, the true God. - Deut. 31:5.

Whether we have been raised in the truth or we have recently come to the truth, each of us is guided by the truth of God's Word, knowing that by practicing the truth, we will gain Jehovah's approval in his family. - John 15:1-3.

(Matt. 22:16) Jesus showed his disciples how people would react to the truth he was teaching, saying: "I have come to cause division, a man against his father, a daughter against her mother, and a widow against her mother-in-law". (Matt. 10:35) Jesus did not want opposition from his disciples, but he knew that this would happen in any event because of the truth. (Matt. 23:37) He knew that the truth he was telling would affect the world for a long time - some would like it and others would dislike it. - 2 Thess. 2:9-11.

3 We too are condemned for speaking the truth, but we strive to imitate Jesus by always speaking the truth.

1. What must we do to gain Jehovah's approval in his family?

2. (a) How was Jesus known? (b) How did Jesus' teaching of truth affect people?

3. What will we consider in this article?

26

Does that mean that we should not consider how and when we should speak the truth? No! In this article, we will consider the following questions: Where should we learn the truth? Why should we speak the truth? How should we speak it? When should we teach the truth?

WHERE can we find the truth?

(Ps. 19:9; 119:142, 151) Moreover, he keeps his promises (Isa. 55:10, 11) And he keeps his promises. (Num. 23:19) Indeed, Jehovah can never lie! (Heb. 6:18) That is why the Bible calls Jehovah the God of truth. - Ps. 31:5.

5 Some say that it is difficult to know the true God, Jehovah, but this is not true because everything around us proves that he exists. (Rom. 1:20) Speaking to some Greek scholars in Athens, the apostle Paul said that God wants us to know him, and that he is not far from each one of us. (Read Acts 17:27.)

4. Why can it be said that Jehovah is the Source of truth?

5. Why is it easy to know the true God? Explain. - Acts 17:27.

6 One way to get to know Jehovah is by studying the Bible, which was written by men inspired by God's holy spirit. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) The Bible, for example, reveals that God created the heavens and the earth, as well as humans and animals. (Gen. 1:1, 26) It also reveals why all humans are sinful and why suffering and death are so widespread. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) Jehovah has taught us the truth and allowed us to use it to teach others. What a privilege we have! - Matt. 28:19, 20.

WHY is Preaching Important?

7 As we have already seen, if we are to be part of Jehovah's family, we must speak the truth, but if we are to have Jehovah's approval, we must not only speak the truth, but how we speak the truth is also important to him.

6. What are some of the truths found in the Bible, and why are you grateful to know this truth?

Give an example. (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also picture.)

January 2026 27

When you teach the truth, who do you honor? (See paragraphs 7-8)

And there came to him a crowd of demon - possessed men. They fell at his feet and shouted, "You are the Son of God! " Why did the demons say these things about him? Perhaps they would persuade those who heard him to believe, and they would turn those who heard him away from him. The demons spoke the truth, but they were not wise.

8 What we can learn from this example is that Jehovah values what we tell the truth, so love for Jehovah is the primary motivation for us to teach the truth, and when others give us praise, we should give it to Jehovah! - Matt. 5:16; compare Acts 14:12-15.

9 Imagine that an elder tells us a secret, but we tell others about it. When we tell others that we are telling them the truth, they may be interested in us and think that we know a lot of secrets.

How Can We Learn the Truth?

10 Read Colossians 4:6. The apostle Paul addressed the Christians in Colossae.

9. What should we avoid, and why?

10. What does the Bible mean when it says that our tongue should be gracious? (Colossians 4:6)

28 What Does It Mean to Be a Witness?

Let our mouths always be gracious. What does it mean? What is the Greek word for "graceful"?

11 Paul's counsel to be gracious in our tongue should be applied when teaching the truth to others. The Bible says that the truth of God's Word is like a sharp sword that can divide the soul from the spirit.

11-12. Give an example. (See also picture.)

12 Suppose we meet a man who regularly worships idols and celebrates Christmas and Easter with his family in the ministry, but we can show him from the Bible that it is wrong to worship idols and that Christmas and Easter have pagan origins. (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) However, if we do so on the first day, we may be telling him the truth, but we are not using God's Word properly.

13 Paul also urged us to keep our tongue salty, not to overreact to the truthfulness of a matter, but to use our tongue to speak the truth so that it reaches people's hearts. (Job 12:11) However, this can be difficult.

13. How can we keep salt in our speech?

How can you teach the truth effectively? (See paragraphs 11-12)

To imitate Jesus, we need to know the right time to teach the truth, and we should not be quick to impose a burden on others

(See paragraph 15)

For example, in some countries, people talk openly, even if the person is older than they are, but in other countries, that is not the case, so that those who speak openly are seen as uncomfortable and can cause great distress.

When Should We Learn the Truth?

14 When Jesus spoke to his followers, he always had a kind tongue, and he patiently taught them many things. (Mark 6:34) Yet, they still had much to learn.

15 Jesus' example shows that knowing the truth does not mean that we have to pour out everything we know at once. How, then, can we imitate Jesus?

14. Did Jesus teach his disciples everything he knew when he was on earth?

(Proverbs 25:11) (See also picture.)

30 The Watchtower

While some Bible students are quick to apply what they learn from the Bible, others take time to adjust. To help our Bible students make spiritual progress, we need to know the right time, or the right time, to talk to them. - Read Proverbs 25:11.

If we are to help others to keep walking in the truth, we must continue to set a good example. (3 John 3, 4) Show by your way of life that you have faith in the promises of God's Word.

16. How can we help our Bible students to keep walking in the truth?

PICTURE PAGE 29: In the first picture, a brother who sees a Christmas tree in a father's house is sharing a message on jw.org that says that Christmas has pagan origins. In the second picture, the brother is sharing an article on jw.org that is designed to help fathers.

What Have You Learned From Studying Faith?

■ Acts 17:27

■ Colossians 4:6

■ Proverbs 25:11

SING 160

Good news!

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

What is the meaning of life?

What Does It Mean to Be a Witness?

Study Issue for March 2-8 2

Let God Keep Guiding You

Study Issue for March 9-15 8

How to Cope With Grief and Stress

Study Issue for March 16-22 14

Why We Need the Ransom

The Study Issue for March 23-29 20

How Can You Show Appreciation for the Ransom?

Study Issue from March 30 to April 5 26

When Teaching the Truth, Use Kind Speech

The Science of Education

Picture the Bible Stories in Your Mind

If we want to understand the Bible's historical record, we can learn much by imagining it in our minds. The following suggestions can help us to do so:

• Read with your mouth open. Reading the Bible with your mouth open will help you to keep images in your mind. If you are reading the Bible with your family, you can give each member of the family a choice of characters.

• Try to understand the thoughts and feelings of those you are reading about. Ask yourself: 'Why did the person say such a thing, or why did he do it?

• Drawing up a Bible text, drawing on it, and drawing on it can help you to recall it better, even if it is not beautiful.

This publication is available free of charge and is used to support a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary contributions.

Except where noted, entries in this book are taken from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org or download the link below

JW.ORG ®

w26.01-TW