SETTEMBER 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

The following is the list of events that will occur: November 2nd to December 6th, 2026

Nov. 2-8, 2026

Song 3 - Our Strength, Our Hope, and Our Trust

What This Study Says

Why can we be confident that Jehovah will protect us now and in the future?

Trust in Jehovah's Protection

You have said: "Jehovah is my refuge". - PS. 91:9.

JEHOVAH'S purpose will be to incite the nations to give their kingdom to the wild beast, represented by the United Nations.* (Rev. 17:17) Then, together with all the world's powerful governments, the wild beast will be united in attacking and eliminating the world's false religion for good. (Rev. 17:16) That will be the beginning of the great tribulation.

(Ezek. 38:14-16) The book True Worship! explains: "Satan will continue to seduce the nations, seeking to eradicate Jehovah's true worship and wipe out the earth's integrity. That will lead to the unprecedented global war of Armageddon. The heavenly armies, along with the 144,000 sealed by Jesus, will be eliminated from the wicked system of things, and we will be brought into the new world. - Rev. 16:14-16; 19:11-21.

3 Jesus and the heavenly armies will come to destroy this system of things.

* See Questions From Readers in the November 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

1-2. What great events will soon affect the world?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

At Psalm 91:7, Jehovah promises to protect us: "Thousands will fall at your right hand, and ten thousand at your right hand, but you will not come near to them". Let us consider Psalm 91 further and answer the following questions: What kind of protection is described in Psalm 91, how does Jehovah protect us today, and how will he protect us in the future?

A Reason to Be Confident in Jehovah's Assistance

4 The conclusion of Psalm 91 is this: We can be confident that God will protect his people. Verses 1 and 2 assure us that those who trust in Jehovah will also be protected. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Imagine being protected and protected by the wings of the Almighty, the Most High. As the next verse illustrates, the psalmist uses fine illustrations to help us to imagine Jehovah's protection of his people. - Ps. 91:3-13.

5 The concluding words of Psalm 91

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 assure us of Jehovah's protection?

At Psalm 91:14-16, what promise does Jehovah make to us, and what assurance does it give us?

Rather, Jehovah himself promises to protect his servants. (Read Psalm 91:14-16.) Consider, too, the following words: I will deliver him, I will protect him, I will deliver him, I will stand behind him, I will satisfy him. Jehovah promises to deliver his people because they trust in him, honor his name, and call upon him.

6 Jehovah inspired the words of Psalm 91 because he knew that they would help us to have confidence that he will protect us. (Rom. 15:4) So, like the psalmist, we can say to Jehovah: You are my refuge and my fortress. (Ps. 91:2) What protection, then, can we expect from Jehovah?

What is the meaning of Psalm 91?

7 As explained in our popular publication, Psalm 91 promises spiritual protection. We can be confident that Jehovah will provide us with everything we need to maintain our friendship with him.

7. According to Psalm 91, what protection does Jehovah provide?

SETTEMBER 2026

3

8 Satan used Psalm 91:11, 12 to tempt Jesus into believing that Jehovah would send angels to protect him from injury when he climbed off the roof of the temple. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.)

9 Jesus knew that Jehovah sometimes used angels to protect God's people when their enemies tried to harm them. (2 Ki. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) Jesus knew that he could not expect Jehovah to use angels to protect him if his life was short-lived. How wrong it would have been, though, to ask Jesus to risk his life to test Jehovah.* Jesus' answer to Satan helps us to understand that Psalm 91 promises that Jehovah will safeguard his people from enemies and that he will provide us with everything we need to preserve our relationship with him and to give us peace of mind.

10 Jehovah's Promise at Psalm 91

* In the past, our popular literature explained that Psalm 91 refers to Jehovah's promise of spiritual protection and that Satan was behind the claim that Psalm 91 is a promise to protect his servants from harm or harm. - See The Watchtower, December 1, 1974, p. 722.

8-9. How did Jesus respond to Satan's temptation, and what can we learn from Jesus' response? - Matthew 4:5-7.

10. What assurance do we have?

We are confident that those who trust in Jehovah as their refuge and stronghold will also be protected by him. So we do not need to be intimidated by the imminent cataclysmic events. Let us consider how Jehovah protects us now and how he will protect us in the future.

HOW does Jehovah care about us today?

11 Jehovah protects us spiritually by helping us to resist anything that could destroy our relationship with him, such as our sinful nature.

12 Jehovah has given us his Word, the Bible, which warns us not only about immoral desires but also about what we can do to fight against them.

13 If we are tempted to engage in sexual immorality, we can easily resist the temptation to engage in sexual immorality. (Jas. 1:14, 15) To fight against such wrong desires, we need to act quickly on Jesus' admonition: "If your right eye causes you to stumble, pull it out and throw it away from you".

11. How does Jehovah protect us spiritually?

12-13. What will help us to fight against wrong desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

The Watchtower

Through his Word, Jehovah provides us with spiritual provisions (See paragraph 15)

(Col. 3:5) Applying this counsel safeguards our relationship with Jehovah.

(Luke 11:9-13) How does holy spirit help us? The apostle Paul wrote: "Keep walking by spirit, and it will never lead you to do the desires of the flesh". (Gal. 5:16) The study text of this verse in the English Bible explains: "A person walking by spirit seeks the guidance of the holy God, and he receives spiritual power in his thoughts and actions". Though he may develop bad desires, he does not control them at all; he quickly eliminates them from his mind. Jehovah's spirit does not eliminate bad desires, but it can give us the strength to do what is right and to overcome bad desires, thus maintaining a good relationship with Jehovah.

15 Through his organization, Jehovah provides timely supplies of literature, videos, and other material that helps us to maintain a good relationship with him.

14. How does holy spirit help us?

15. (a) How does Jehovah use his people to help us to keep our relationship with him intact? (b) How does Jehovah help us to keep our relationship with him intact?

September 2026 5

Satan, the "Tender", may even try to make us feel that our worship of Jehovah is too difficult to fulfill. (Matt. 4:3; 6:13) Jehovah's organization has provided abundant spiritual food to remind us that Jehovah forgives, values, and cares for our needs. - Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. (Prov. 13:5) Do you recall a time when you read something in a Christian publication or watched a video that touched your heart and made you say, "This is for me"?

16 Jehovah protects his servants so that we cannot be attacked by our enemies, but at times he allows enemies to rise up against us and even kill some of us to prove Satan a liar. (Rev. 2:10; 6:9) However, he is not ready for the small number of our brothers who have been slaughtered by Satan's enemies.

17 Applying Bible principles in our life protects us from many physical dangers and helps us to cope with some of the problems we face. (Prov. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) However, we do not expect Jehovah to eliminate all our problems now, for Satan claims that we serve Jehovah because he protects us. (Job 1:10, 11) Jehovah has been long-suffering toward those who persecute Jehovah's servants because he wants to sanctify his name and prove Satan a liar. (Rom. 9:22) But in the coming years, Jehovah will act to end all suffering. Until that day, Jehovah will give us the strength we need to endure trials and to maintain our relationship with him. - 1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

HOW will Jehovah be our permanent refuge?

18 When the great tribulation begins, Jehovah will continue to protect his people spiritually, but will he protect us physically? (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Rather, he will use Jesus Christ and his heavenly armies to destroy our enemies, leading to the war of Armageddon. (Rev. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah protect his people at Armageddon?

19 We should not be intimidated by the destruction of Jehovah's enemies at Armageddon, for we have made Jehovah our refuge and stronghold.

16. (a) What kind of trial does Jehovah allow some of his servants to go through? (b) What does Jehovah do for his servants?

17. Why can we not expect Jehovah to rescue us from whatever trials we may face?

18. How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

19-20. Why should we not be intimidated by the destruction of Jehovah's enemies at Armageddon? (See also picture above.)

6

The Watchtower

At Armageddon, Jesus and his heavenly armies will bring an end to the present system of things, and none of God's enemies will appear.

(Jer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) But in that time, because we love Jehovah's heart, he will not allow any of our enemies, whether demons or humans, to be killed. - Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

20 By Armageddon, the words of the Almighty One may come true for us: "Thousands will fall at your side, and tens of thousands at your right hand, but you will not come near to you. You will look with your eyes and see the punishment of the wicked. Because you have said, 'Jehovah is my refuge,' Jehovah himself has promised you, 'You will not come near to me.'

DESCRIPTION: At Armageddon, Jehovah will protect us from harm and will give us peace of mind.

WHAT would you say?

■ According to Psalm 91, what protection does Jehovah provide?

■ How does Jehovah protect us today?

■ How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

Song 8 Jehovah is Our Refuge

9 to 15 November 2026

PSALM 36 Protecting Our Heart

What This Study Says

It will help us to obey Jehovah wholeheartedly.

How to Obedient to Jehovah With a Whole Heart

Be obedient from the heart. - Rom. 6:17.

(Matt. 23:5) However, we obey Jehovah for one reason: that his direction is for our eternal benefit. (Isa. 48:17, 18) But there is another important reason why we obey him.

(Matt. 22:37, 38) Our wholehearted obedience to Jehovah is motivated by our love for him. (Rom. 6:17) So we obey Jehovah's instructions, whether we live or not, whether we are being watched or not, because we love him. However, our heart is deceitful, and it is not always easy to follow Jehovah's direction. Then we will consider the fine example of King Jehoshaphat of Judah.

We Are Living in God's Word and We Are Living in God's Word

3 Before delivering the Israelites from Egypt, Jehovah gave them instructions that might have been difficult for them to follow.

1. What motivates some to obey rulers or authorities?

2. What is the primary reason why we obey Jehovah?

3. Why might it have been difficult for the Israelites to obey Jehovah's command not to apply animal blood on the rooftops? (See also picture.)

8

Despite the anger of the Egyptians, the Israelites obeyed Jehovah's commands (See paragraph 3)

(Ex. 12:5, 7) Each Israelite who obeyed this command would not have to kill any firstborn human or animal in his household. Yet, the Israelites could have reasoned to fear that if they obeyed this command, the Egyptians would harm them. (Gen. 12:28) Because of their obedience, Jehovah also preserved their firstborn from death.

4 That very night, when the Israelites left Egypt, Jehovah first instructed them to camp by the Red Sea in the northern part of the country, then gave them a vague instruction to turn southward and to camp between the Red Sea and the mountains. (Ex. 14:1-4) But when the Israelites saw that the Egyptians were pursuing them, they were frightened and accused Moses of delivering them from death.

5 When the Israelites reached the Red Sea, they failed to appreciate, or show appreciation for, Jehovah's miraculous deeds and his unfailing love. (Read Psalm 106:7.) When Jehovah brought the tenth plague upon the Egyptians, Jehovah protected the firstborn of the Israelites and their livestock before the eyes of the Israelites. This led Jehovah to say that they rebelled at the Red Sea. Even after following Moses across the Red Sea, they did not change their attitude; they continued to disobey Jehovah.

4. After the Israelites left Egypt, what direction did Jehovah give to those who had no understanding?

5. Why did Jehovah reject the Israelites? (Psalm 106:7)

September 2026 9

(Ps. 106:21, 24-26) What can we learn from their example?

Learn From the Trials of the Israelites

6 When we receive directions from Jehovah or from those taking the lead, we may ask ourselves: 'Do we obey those directions because they are reasonable and beneficial to us? (Ex. 14:10-12) We do not want to follow the example of the Israelites, but we can trust and obey instructions from Jehovah or those taking the lead. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) How can we display humility even when we feel that the instructions do not make sense, or even if they cause our enemies to become angry and disgusted with us?

7 Strengthen your love for Jehovah. If we do not understand, appreciate, or follow the direction given by Jehovah's organization, we may feel anxious.

When such a situation arises, we need to remember that we obey Jehovah because we love him and trust in him deeply. (1 John 5:3) Our love for Jehovah will help us to wait patiently for matters to resolve. - Eccl. 7:8; Micah 7:7.

8 Similarly today, when we do not understand or understand a direction, we humbly obey it. For example, during the outbreak of COVID-19, guests were instructed to conduct a study by phone or zoom. Toward the end of 2020, the Governing Body introduced a new arrangement that forbade foreign-language groups and guests from attending the meetings, and some were allowed to join other guests. A sister in Japan said: "I want to be obedient, and I don't want to comment on the direction. I know that this will bring many blessings".

9 Prepare yourself for opposition. Today is the time to do our utmost to preach the good news, even in the face of future opposition.

6. How will trusting in Jehovah help us? (Jeremiah 23:4)

7. How will deepening our love for Jehovah help us to obey him?

8. How did two brothers show that they wanted to obey Jehovah?

9. (a) How can we prepare for opposition? (b) How can we prepare for opposition?

10 The Watchtower

(Matt. 24:14) Moreover, during the great tribulation, our preaching may be limited, and we may not preach in the morning, giving people the opportunity to oppose human governments or to support God's Kingdom. Those who oppose our message will reject Jehovah altogether, for it will be like a great tribulation to them.* (Rev. (Deut. 16:21) Just as Pharaoh was angry with the Israelites at the Red Sea, we must obey Jehovah and continue to preach the good news in the face of opposition.

Learn From the Life of King Jehoshaphat

10 The Bible contains many examples of obedience that we can imitate.

* See Questions From Readers in the August 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

10. How did King Jehoshaphat feel when nations joined forces against Judah?

If Jehoshaphat and his people were afraid, it would have been his way of doing so. (2 Chron. 20:1-3) Nevertheless, instead of being intimidated by fear, Jehoshaphat allowed Jehovah to guide him.

When Jehoshaphat was frightened, he decided to seek Jehovah's direction. (2 Chron. 20:3) Jehoshaphat had a habit of seeking Jehovah's direction in all things. (2 Chron. 19:3) So when the nations joined forces to attack Judah, Jehoshaphat saw that it was the right time to seek Jehovah and obey his direction, so we can pray earnestly to him. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) By doing so, we are imitating Jehoshaphat. - Ps. 119:112.

11. What did Jehoshaphat do when he was frightened? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

Obedience to the voice prepares us for future opposition (See paragraph 9)

11

Elders obey Jehovah, the congregation, and fellow elders (See paragraph 16)

(Gen. 12:7) Jehoshaphat's prayer was similar to that of Solomon at the dedication of the temple. (2 Chron. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) Knowledge enabled Jehoshaphat to trust in Jehovah and be determined to obey him.

13 Jehoshaphat's prayer also shows that he was humble - a king with many soldiers who could confidently say that he did not need Jehovah's help - but he humbly prayed before the entire nation, asking Jehovah to help them because they did not know what to do. (2 Chron. 20:12) Because Jehoshaphat was humble, he acted promptly when Jehovah instructed him.

12. What will strengthen our determination to obey Jehovah?

13. How will humility help us?

Jehovah answered Jehoshaphat's prayer by means of the prophet Jahaziel. He gave Jehoshaphat clear instructions not to fight the people. The prophet Jahaziel told them: "Stand still and see how Jehovah will save you".

15 Because of Jehoshaphat's strong faith, he consulted with the people and appointed men to sing in front of the warriors. (2 Chron. 20:21) Remember, too, that he deliberated with the people before making that decision.

14. How did Jehoshaphat respond to Jehovah's direction, and how did it affect the people?

15. (a) How did Jehoshaphat show that he had faith? (b) How did Jehoshaphat show that he had faith?

12 The Watchtower

16 Elders, parents, and those taking the lead in the congregation can imitate Jehoshaphat. His heartfelt obedience helped his people to become obedient. His actions can be compared to those of King Solomon. The elders of the congregation, like Jehoshaphat, consult Jehovah's counsel from the Scriptures and from the books of the congregation before making any decision concerning the congregation.

(Prov. 15:22) By their words and actions, they encourage God's people to obey Jehovah from their heart.

17 Regardless of the circumstances, we must trust in Jehovah, seek his guidance, and obey him. If we do so, he will not let us down. Just as he did for his people in ancient times, today he gives his servants direction through the Governing Body and the elders of the congregation.

16. How can parents and those taking the lead imitate Jehoshaphat? (1 Kings 3:9) (See also picture.)

17. Why should we always obey Jehovah from our heart?

WHAT would you say?

■ What can we learn from the disobedience of the Israelites on their way out of Egypt?

■ How did Jehoshaphat show that he had a humble heart?

■ How can we imitate Jehoshaphat?

PSALM 88 Teach Me My Ways

From November 16 to 22, 2026

Preaching the Good News in All Languages

PSALM 84 Supporting the Work

We will see how Zechariah 8:23 has been fulfilled by Jehovah's Witnesses.

Ten men of all the languages of the nations will take hold of the robe of a Jew. - Zechariah 8:23.

(Gen. 11:6-9) Yet, Jehovah has foretold that he will gather together an unnumbered great crowd from all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues and bring them into the new world through the great tribulation. (Rev. 7:9, footnote, 10, 14) When the great tribulation arrives, how will all these people of different languages have faith in Jehovah to save them? (Read Romans 10:13, 14) What a privilege it is to share in this lifesaving work!

2 Centuries before the apostle John poured out the book of Revelation, Jehovah inspired the prophet Zechariah to foretell that many nations would join themselves to Jehovah and become his people.

1. Why is it so important to preach in many languages? (Romans 10:13, 14)

2. What prophecy did Jehovah give to the prophet Zechariah?

14

(Zech. 8:23) Today, as this prophecy is being fulfilled, let us consider how each of us can contribute to the fulfillment of it.

Teaching the Word of God Ten People Speaking to the Nations God's Word

3 The Jews mentioned in Zechariah's prophecy represent those anointed with holy spirit by the Most High. They are also referred to in the Bible as "the Most High Israel". (Gal. 6:16) These have the heavenly hope.

4 When Christ appointed the "faithful and discreet slave" in 1919, they recognized the need to carry out a major work that involved translating the Bible's message into many languages. (Matt. 24:45) The Bible Students had begun producing a documentary about creation in many lands. In 1935, the faithful slave discerned that there would be a great crowd, like the ten men of all the languages of the nations, who would be gathered on the earth. Those taking the lead at that time saw the need to work hard to reach as many people as possible, so they organized a worldwide preaching program that would fulfill Zechariah's prophecy.

Nations Relying on God

As Isaiah prophesied, millions of people from all nations were eager to come to Jehovah's feet and be taught. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) As a result, God's people have made great efforts to reach such sincere people by translating, printing, and making available the Bible in their native language.

6 One way we show our appreciation for the spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave is by contributing to the worldwide preaching work. Thanks to such contributions and the efforts of our brothers and sisters, we are able to produce Bible literature in more than 1,100 languages, resulting in thousands of baptisms each year.

7 Today, though the world says:

3. Today, who are the Jews and the ten men of whom Zechariah prophesies?

4. When Christ appointed the faithful and discreet slave in 1919, what did they realize they needed to do?

How is Isaiah 2:2-4 being fulfilled today? (See also picture.)

7. How do we feel about the fulfillment of the prophecies of Zechariah and John? (Revelation 14:6)

What is the meaning of life? 15 SEPTEMBER 2026

People from many nations and languages benefit from the spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave (See paragraphs 5-6)

Angels help us to preach the good news to all the inhabitants of the earth, and to every nation and tribe and tongue and people. (Read Revelation 14:6.) The fulfillment of Zechariah and John's prophecies in our day strengthens our faith in the fulfillment of all the prophecies in the Bible.

(Acts 2:4-10) Why? Because he wanted the disciples to tell the crowds in their own language about God's great things. (Acts 2:11) Today, we have literature and videos that are translated into many languages.

9 It is vital that people hear the good news in their native language. Imagine that you have to see a doctor because of a serious medical condition in a foreign country. Unfortunately, if you do not understand the doctor's language, you will need someone to explain what the doctor is saying.

The Ways Jehovah Is Doing It Today

8 At Pentecost 33 C.E., Jehovah performed a miracle to show us that, just as he caused everyone's language to change in Babylon, so he would do.

8. What miracle did Jehovah perform at Pentecost 33 C.E.?

9. How can we witness to people whose language we do not understand?

16 The Watchtower

So even when we meet someone who speaks a different language, we can use the Bible to help them find comfort and hope because we have literature, videos, and more available in countless languages.

10 How can we make better use of our popular literature and the JW Library app to help others? Consider the experience of Robert, an English-speaking man who, while witnessing in the streets, met a man from Türkiye who worked on a border crossing. Robert says: "We talked for about an hour, and at the end of the conversation, he realized that the Bible is a valuable book that he can apply to his life.

11 You may be amazed at the results of giving a tract to a person or teaching him to read in his mother tongue on the website jw.org.

10-11. What can we learn from the experience of a brother named Robert? What can we learn from the experience found in the box He Was Happy But Still Had Hope?

Lub Neej huam tshab Qab Ntut Tshiab thiab Tsoom

He Was Not Happy, But He Had Hope

Youa, a middle-class woman from her native United States, spoke only Hmong; she did not speak English. Her husband's children forbade her to read any books, including the Bible. She says: My happiness and peace were at odds with mine. One day, an English-speaking sister sent her a tract entitled Life in a Peaceful New World in Hmong. One of her daughters soon learned the truth and took Youa to a Hmong-language study. A Bible study was arranged with her.

September 2026 17

We have helped people throughout the earth to know Jehovah's name

12 The modern-day translation of the Bible has taken on a life of its own.* The Bible translators have worked hard to make it available to as many people as possible in their own language, so that today we can all learn God's word in our own language. In recent years, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has helped to unite Jehovah's people worldwide. It has brought me closer to Jehovah and strengthened my confidence in him. The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has been translated in whole or in part into more than 300 languages. Since Jehovah's servants around the world use this translation, we all agree.

13 The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures does not include God's name, Jehovah, in all modern translations of the Bible.

* Around 150 B.C.E., the Hebrew Scriptures were translated into Greek, known as the Greek Septuagint, the first translation of the Bible.

12. How has the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures helped Jehovah's people?

13. Why is God's name absent in many popular Bible translations?

For example, the Clergy of the Catholic Church have removed God's name from their Bibles and sacred publications.* Similarly, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, regardless of the language in which it is translated, has been restored wherever it appears. Why is it important for people to know God's name?

14 The Bible emphasizes the importance of knowing and using God's name. For example, the book of Psalms urges us to praise Jehovah's name. (Ps. 135:1) In teaching his disciples how to pray to Jehovah, Jesus prayed: "Let your name be sanctified".

15 The vast majority of Jehovah's Witnesses

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI ruled that the name of God should not be used in church services, songs, or prayers. See also The Watchtower, October 1, 1997, pages 16-18, pp. 4-8.

14. Why is it important for people to know and use God's name?

15. How do we feel about God's name, Jehovah?

18 The Watchtower

Today's world has a fine translation of the Bible in its native language, which enables us to praise God's great name and to appreciate the importance of trusting in him.

16 The Bible foretells that Jehovah will soon attack the kings of the earth. (Rev. 16:14) Until then, those who know Jehovah and trust in him will enjoy the protection of Jehovah. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3) However, those who do not accept Jehovah as their Father and God will come to know that he is the Sovereign Lord. (Isa. 38:23) At that time, Jehovah's servants will rejoice because they know that he is their Friend and will rescue them! - Mal. 3:16.

16. (a) Why is it so urgent that people come to know Jehovah now? (b) Why is it so urgent that people come to know Jehovah now?

17 What a privilege it is to be a part of the fulfillment of Zechariah 8:23. We have the privilege of working with our brothers and sisters as well as with the heavenly hosts of angels. Until Jehovah's name is sanctified, let us be zealous in preaching the good news, making his name known to all. - Luke 11:2.

17. What privilege has Jehovah given us?

WHAT would you say?

■ Who are the Jews and the ten men mentioned at Zechariah 8:23?

■ What has made it possible for all who speak the pure language to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why is it important for people to know and use Jehovah's name?

PSALM 57 Preaching the Good News to All Mankind

From November 23 to 29, 2026

Song 107 - An Example of Love

What This Study Says

How the priesthood arrangement of Jehoiada helps us to draw close to him.

How the Priestly Order Reveals Jehovah's Love

For every high priest who is chosen from among men is appointed to represent men.

(Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) Because of sin, we have become so alienated from God that we can't live without God's help.

2 In this article, we will consider how faithful men and women of old benefited from the priesthood arrangement, how the priesthood arrangement benefits us today and how it will benefit us in the future, and how it reveals Jehovah's great love for us.

1. Why do all humans urgently need help?

2. What will we consider in this article?

20

Sin has created a great chasm between us and Jehovah; the priesthood arrangement has become a bridge to draw close to him (See paragraph 3)

How Priests Helped the Ancient Israelites

3 The apostle Paul explained why Jehovah had appointed a High Priest for the nation of Israel. (Read Hebrews 5:1) Jehovah wanted the Israelites to be able to draw close to him.

Malachi 2:7 states: "The lips of the priest must guard knowledge, and the people must seek law out of his mouth, because he is the messenger of Jehovah of armies". Thus, the priesthood had the responsibility of explaining and applying the Mosaic Law to the nation of Israel. They gave clear explanations and helped the people to understand what was being read, thus enabling the Israelites to apply God's law and to draw close to him. - Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Second, the priests helped the people to have a good relationship with Jehovah. (Ps. 51:9) That is why Jehovah provided priests to offer animal sacrifices for them.

3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how did the priests help the Israelites to draw close to Jehovah? (See also picture.)

4. How did the priests represent God in behalf of the Israelites?

5. (a) How did the priests of ancient Israel help the nation to maintain a good relationship with Jehovah, and what does this teach us about him? (b) How did the priests of ancient Israel help the nation to maintain a good relationship with Jehovah?

September 2026 21

He is gracious and merciful to his servants, and he cares for them; and their end is everlasting.

JEHOVAH'S WORKERS in the past, their faith today, and their daily life

(Gen. 8:20) Abraham also built an altar on which he offered sacrifices to Jehovah. (Gen. 12:7, 8) Job also offered burnt offerings for his sons. (Job 1:5) Hence, the Bible records that some priests were appointed even before the Levites became priests in Israel. Jehovah told the Israelites that the priests, or heads of the tribes, who regularly appeared before Jehovah, were to keep themselves clean so that Jehovah would not execute them. - Ex. 19:22.

7 Melchizedek was the first person mentioned in the Bible as a priest. (Gen. 14:18) He was also a king, and Jehovah promised that when the Messiah came, he would again be a king and priest like Melchizedek, and that mankind would benefit from his kingdom forever. - Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

Jehovah appointed Moses' brother Aaron as High Priest, and he said that anyone who would serve as High Priest or high priest should be a descendant of Aaron. (Ex. 40:12-15) The High Priest offered sacrifices for the nation, and the other Levites helped the priests to offer sacrifices for individuals in the nation. This arrangement was a foreshadowing of something to come.

9 After his baptism, Jesus became the High Priest of Jehovah's great spiritual temple. (Heb. 8:1) Later, Jesus offered his perfect life once for all to atone for our sins. 1:3, 4; 2:9) When they are resurrected to heaven, they will work with God and Christ to help obedient mankind reach perfection and make the earth a paradise.

10 From ancient times, Jehovah has used the priesthood system to enable his servants to draw close to him and to enjoy a close relationship with him.

6. In ancient times, what was the role of family heads similar to that of the priests?

7. Who was Melchizedek, and how did he resemble the Messiah?

8. What was the arrangement for the priesthood in the Mosaic Law?

9-10. Who will reign with Jesus during his Thousand Year Reign?

22 The Watchtower

How Priests' Reveal draws Us Closer to Jehovah

11 Jehovah's arrangement for priests reflects Jehovah's desire to draw close to us and to have a close relationship with him. Although sin has alienated us from him, he is keenly interested in reconciling us to him, accepting us, making friends with him, and giving us everlasting life. (2 Cor. 5:18) He knows that we do not want to be his companions; he feels sorry for us and wants to help us to reconcile with him.

12 Jesus also wants us to have a close relationship with Jehovah. As the Chief Counselor, he acts as our Adjutant at the Father's side. (1 John 2:1; first Hebrews 7:25) When Jesus asks for you, what things may he look for? So we can be confident that Jehovah will listen to Jesus' pleas for us, for he is merciful and ready to forgive. (Ps. 86:5) Yes, Jehovah has provided Jesus as our King.

13 The priesthood system shows that

11. How does the priesthood arrangement show that Jehoiada wants us to be close to him and to be his friends?

12. How is it comforting to know that Jesus is our High Priest and our intercessor? (Hebrews 7:25) (See also picture.)

13. According to Hebrews 4:16, what further benefit does the priesthood arrangement bring to us?

When our High Priest Jesus intercedes for us, he observes our good conduct, our loyalty to Jehovah, our prayers for forgiveness, and our efforts to do what is right (See paragraph 12)

(Read Hebrews 4:16) Because of Jesus' role as High Priest, we can pray to Jehovah from the heart whenever we want to. Jehovah is pleased when we open our hearts to him, express our faith in him, and trust in him. (Rom. 8:26) Nevertheless, Jehovah understands us and hears our requests. For he loves us, and we speak according to his word.

(Ezek. 33:11) The sacrifices that God's servants offered in the past did not fully cover their sins. (Heb. 7:19) Rather, they represented the perfect sacrifice that Christ Jesus would make in the future. On the basis of Jesus' sacrifice, God has the power to forgive our sins completely, and they give us the hope of everlasting life if we serve Jehovah faithfully.

(Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) Since Jesus and the 144,000 are faithful, we can be confident that we will be gradually helped to attain perfection during Christ's Thousand Year Reign. They will also work with Jesus to make the earth a paradise and to fulfill all of Jehovah's promises by means of Jesus' ransom sacrifice. - Rev. 22:1, 2.

16 Our High Priest, Jesus, understands all the hardships we face because he endured them when he was on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Do you ever feel weary of self-sacrifice? Jesus too suffered the pain of the death of his friend Lazarus, and perhaps his father Joseph too. Whatever happens to you, you can be sure that our High Priest Jesus feels sorry for you and cares about you.

17 The 144,000 who will be with Jesus and help mankind to become perfect will also understand us. Why? Because they were once men and women who were like us, imperfect and imperfect, and so they can understand how our consciences can torture us, including sickness, grief, and mental illness.

14. What benefits do we derive from Jesus' sacrifice?

15. What does Jehovah's appointed associate priests reveal about Jesus?

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 show that Jesus is fully qualified to serve as our High Priest?

17. How do we know that the anointed will understand us?

24 The Watchtower

It is a great privilege to be a member of the 144,000, and to be a part of the 144,000 is a great privilege to be a part of the 144,000.

18 The examination of the priestly arrangement has shown us that Jehovah is loving, merciful, and understanding, and that Satan is always accusing us, but Jehovah trusts us. (Rev. 12:10) As we have seen in this article, Jehovah has shown us that he loves us and is willing to forgive us, so we too should do our best to become his friends.

19 As we have learned from this article, we can be confident that Jehovah understands when we sometimes feel that we are not worthy of anything because of our imperfections, for he knows that we are dust. (Ps. 103:14) However, Jehovah does not look to our imperfections, but he looks to our good qualities and our potential for the future.

20 We have learned that it is Jehovah's heart's desire to serve him in an acceptable way through the priesthood arrangement.

18. What outstanding qualities of Jehovah have been revealed in the priesthood arrangement, and how does that make you feel?

19. How do we know that Jehovah understands us?

20. Why are you deeply grateful to Jehovah for the priesthood arrangement, and what are you determined to do?

WHAT would you say?

■ How does the priesthood arrangement help us to worship God acceptably?

■ How has Jehovah used priests from ancient times to the present?

■ How does the priesthood arrangement help you to draw close to Jehovah?

PSALM 16 Praise Jehovah for His Anointed Son

What is the meaning of life?

PSALM 22 Kingdom Power - Let It Come!

Let us consider three things that can gradually destroy our relationship with Jehovah.

Be Careful Against Being Stripped of the Spirit of the World

Everything in the world . . . does not originate with the Father. 1 JOHN 2:16.

(Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) This does not mean, however, that Satan is present everywhere in the world. In fact, the Bible does not say that good and bad angels can move from place to place at the same time. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16) Even those who do not believe in Satan's existence are acting in harmony with the spirit of the world, as if they were being taken captive by the Devil to do his will. - 2 Tim. 2:26.

2 Many of us have been influenced by the world's spirit in the past, but when we learned who is behind it, we responded to Jehovah's spirit's guidance by applying the Bible's counsel to "hate what is bad and worldly desires" (Titus 2:11, 12).

1. How does Satan seduce people today? (1 John 2:15, 16) 2-3. (a) Why do those who love Jehovah also avoid those who are influenced by the spirit of the world? (b) Why should we be cautious?

26

Like a bad wind, the spirit of the world is easy to breathe (See paragraph 5)

(Jas. 4:7, 8) Indeed, Jehovah's servants deserve praise for their determination to resist the spirit of the world!

3 Unfortunately, some who at first resisted the spirit of the world have later succumbed to the spirit of the world. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) This article will help us to see how we can avoid such a situation. But first, let us consider: What does the Bible mean when it speaks of the spirit of the world? - 1 Cor. 2:12.

WHAT is the world's population?

4 The minds and actions of ungodly men are what the Bible calls the spirit of the world. Those who are influenced by the spirit of the world are selfish, often ignorant of God's law and not ashamed of blasphemy. They do not care about God's will, but rather follow the desires of the world. - 1 Pet. 4:3.

5 The spirit of the world is one of Satan's principal means of deceiving the entire inhabitant of the earth.

4. What is the spirit of the world, and what are some of its effects?

5. In what way is the spirit of the world like "the wind", and why should we be careful not to breathe it? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also picture.)

SETTEMBER 2026 27

(Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) Do you not agree that the comparison is fitting? The air is everywhere, but breathing bad air can make us sick. Like breathing bad air, the spirit of the world can damage our relationship with Jehovah.

Don't give up

6 The Bible foretold that in the last days, people would be haughty, haughty, and irreconcilable. (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Do you not see this in the way people speak today? (Eph. 5:3, 4) What if the spirit of the world is not the driving force behind such behavior?

(Jas. 1:26, 27) To test our speech, we can consider the following questions: When I am with others, especially those who do not know that I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses, what do I say that makes me angry?

Jesus said: "What comes out of the mouth of a man comes out of the heart, and these things defile a man". (Matt. 15:18) Jesus' words show that what comes out of our mouth reveals what is in our heart. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) You can also do research in our popular publications to find more information that will help you to resist the influence of the world's spirit in your conduct and speech. - Eph. 4:29.

Stay Away from the Paper

9 Today, people are influenced by the spirit of the world, and they practice what Jehovah hates - abortion, homosexuality, and bride-to-be. (Isa. 5:20) If we are not careful, then the spirit of the world can gradually influence us to do things that Jehovah hates.

6. How does the spirit of the world influence people's speech?

7. What will help us to evaluate our speech?

8. What will help us to keep our tongue pleasant? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. How has the spirit of the world encouraged people to view what Jehovah hates?

28 What Does It Mean to Be a Witness?

(2 Cor. 11:3) We may even think that such people are open-minded and that the Bible is outdated, but all of this is deceptive!

10 If we want to please Jehovah, we must also hate what he hates. (Ps. 97:10) To do so, we need to ask ourselves: 'Do I feel that Jehovah's laws restrict my free will?

Remember, no one is perfect; we all sin. (Ps. 51:5; 103:14) However, if you choose to follow your own desires, you will sin. (Eph. 2:3) Moreover, do not let wrong desires dominate your mind. (Gen. 39:9, 12) If you follow your own desires and commit a sinful act - one that could damage your relationship with Jehovah and that of others - you will be determined not to let that happen. (Eph. 5:5) Be assured that Jehovah will help you to resist.

10. What will help us to know that we hate what Jehovah hates?

11. What will help us to reject what Jehovah hates?

Stay away from the Internet

12 Although the Internet plays an important role in our daily lives and in some of our religious activities, much of what is on the Internet is influenced by the spirit of the world. For example, pornography is rampant on the Internet and is readily available to both adults and children. Not only that, but there are also pictures and videos of people's lives and accomplishments, which can make us feel that we are neglecting our worship and that it is useless to spend time enjoying ourselves or even traveling. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 To help us to do so, we need to be on guard against anything on the Internet that can consume our time or distract our minds. How much time do I spend browsing the Internet if I am not using it for a specific reason? (Eph. 5:15, 16) What do I look for when I continue to use it?

12. How is the world's spirit manifested on the Internet?

13. How can we make sure that our use of the Internet is appropriate?

September 2026 29

I will search for the truth of it. - Prov. 14:15.

14 To resist the world's spirit, we must control the amount of time we spend on the Internet, avoid unwholesome things, and monitor what our children watch. (Eph. 6:4) Research has shown that teenagers who spend a lot of time on the Internet are more likely to be lonely or depressed.

14. How can we avoid the dangers of the Internet?

You Can Win!

15 If you notice that you have been influenced by the spirit of the world, take immediate action. Consider Gloria.* When she learned the truth as a young girl, she was deceived by the world's reputation and money.

* The names in this article have been changed.

15. (a) What can we learn from Gloria's experience? (b) What can we learn from Gloria's experience?

How can you resist the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15)

30 The Watchtower

I am now happy because I have a good relationship with Jehovah, and I am glad that I have been free from the spirit of the world and that Jehovah is guiding me.

Robert says: "I felt that I could do anything that would make me happy. I felt that I was not free but that the world had made me a slave to it. (2 Pet. 2:19) What has he done about it? He says: "When I wake up each morning and find that the way I now live is pleasing to Jehovah, I feel peace of mind, and the joy that comes with it is beyond compare.

17 This article has shown us that we must resist the spirit of the world by keeping our mouths fresh, avoiding immorality, and being careful when using the Internet. Although the world's spirit is powerful, we should not be afraid to resist it because the power of Satan and his wicked world is far less than that of Jehovah. (Read 1 John 4:4.) (Luke 11:13) May all of us be determined to resist the spirit of the world and to allow Jehovah's holy spirit to guide us! - Gal. 5:16.

16. What do you learn from Robert's experience?

17. Why can you be sure that you can resist the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

WHAT would you say?

■ How can we avoid being stolen by the spirit of the world in our speech?

■ How can we avoid being influenced by the spirit of the world?

■ How can we avoid being robbed of the spirit of the world when using the Internet?

PSALM 124 Keeping Loyal to God Forever

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

What is the meaning of life?

What Does It Mean to Be a Witness?

The following article will be studied November 2-8.

Trust in Jehovah's Protection

The following articles will be studied from November 9 to 15.

How to Obedient to Jehovah With a Whole Heart

The following articles will be studied November 16-22.

Preaching the Good News in All Languages

The following articles will be studied November 23-29.

How the Priestly Order Reveals Jehovah's Love

This article is for the study session of November 30 through December 6.

Be Careful Against Being Stripped of the Spirit of the World

A Message from the Bible

Let the Peace of the Christ Rule in Your Hearts

Colossians chapter 3, verse 15, describes the peace of the Christ, the satisfaction of being a disciple of Christ and of knowing that he is loved by Jehovah and his Son, Jesus. - John 14:23, 27.

The apostle Paul exhorted the congregation in Colossae to let this peace rule in their hearts, or not in their hearts.

For example, when disagreements arise between us and a fellow believer, let us let the peace of the Christ rule in our hearts, which will help us to maintain peace and unity.

This publication is available free of charge and is used to support a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary contributions.

Except where noted, entries in this book are taken from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org or download the link below

JW.ORG ®

w26.09-TW