July 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

The date of the study is from September 7 to October 4, 2026

7 to 13 September 2026

Learn From the Gibeonites

The Gibeonites have made a covenant of peace with Israel, and they dwell with them. - Jos. 10:1.

PSALM 88 Teach Me My Ways

What This Study Says

Let us consider what we can learn from the Gibeonites and what we can learn from Jehovah's dealings with them.

FORTY years after leaving Egypt, the Israelites entered the Promised Land, and with Jehovah's help, they conquered such great cities as Jericho and Ai.

2 The first recorded mention of these Gibeonite travelers is that they visited the Israelites. The Bible shows that the Gibeonites lived with the Israelites for many years.

Exercise Faith and Endurance

3 When the Israelites arrived in the land of Canaan, there were seven nations in the land to be conquered. They were more numerous and more powerful than the Israelites. (Deut. 7:1) These included the Hivites, from whom the Gibeonites came. (Ex. 34:11; Josh. 9:24) So when the Gibeonites heard that the Israelites had conquered Jephthah, the Gibeonites began to fear Jehovah.

1-2. Why should we be interested in what the Bible says about the Gibeonites?

3. (a) What kind of people were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did they want peace with Israel?

2

The Gibeonites deceived the Israelites into making peace treaties with them

(See paragraph 4)

And they sent messengers to Joshua at Gilgal, that they might have mercy on them, and that they might make a covenant of peace with them.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The Gibeonites pretended to come from a distant land. They reported that they had heard of what Jehovah had done through Israel to the kings of Egypt and the Amorites, Sihon and Og.

(Josh. 9:14, 15) The Gibeonites soon came to light, but because they had sworn by Jehovah's name, they did not harm the Gibeonites. (Josh. 9:16-19) The Gibeonites were given the task of carrying out the work of the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar. - Josh. 9:27.

5 When the five Amorite kings heard that the Gibeonites had taken advantage of the Israelites, they joined forces to attack the Gibeonites, and the Gibeonites cried out to Joshua for help. (Josh. 10:3-7) So Joshua led the Israelites in conquering the Gibeonites, and Jehovah intervened in the victory.

* The men who came to Joshua to speak with him were from Gibeon, Kephir, Beeroth, and Kirjath-jearim. - Josh. 9:17.

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites deceive the Israelites into making peace covenants with them? (See also picture.) (b) What did the Israelites do when they realized that the Gibeonites had deceived them?

5. How did the Gibeonites demonstrate their faith in Jehovah?

July 2026

3

(Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites displayed great faith in Jehovah by appealing to the Israelites for a peace treaty, and when they were in danger, they cried out to Joshua for help, demonstrating their complete confidence in Jehovah's ability to protect and deliver them.

(Num. 33:51, 52) Those people, including the Gibeonites, were not destroyed. However, because of the promise that the Israelites had made to the Gibeonites, Jehovah could have said that the Israelites had not sought forgiveness from him and had no intention of destroying the Gibeonites. 9:26; 11:19.

7 What lessons can we learn from the Gibeonites? We need to strengthen our faith in Jehovah, for we know more about him than the Gibeonites do. So we have many reasons to trust in Jehovah. (Jas. 40:4, 5) Another lesson we can learn from the Gibeonites is that we need to be humble in doing small things that others may view as inferior in Jehovah's service. Luke relates: "My brother's example showed me that our humility is reflected not in our words but in our actions. Like the Gibeonites, we show that Jehovah is with us when we endure hardships and endure them.

When Someone in Your Faith Fails, Leave It to Jehovah

8 The story of the Gibeonites reappears centuries later, when Saul, the king of Israel, attacked the inhabitants of Israel. Saul, who feared Israel and Judah, threatened to burn the Gibeonites to the ground.* In the end, he killed some of them. (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) Saul's decision was unfair to the Gibeonites!

9 Jehovah responded immediately to Saul's treatment of the Gibeonites. He waited until David succeeded him as king.

* The Bible does not specify why Saul was hiding from Israel and Judah.

6. What can we learn from Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we imitate the faith and humility of the Gibeonites? (See also picture.)

8. How did Saul deal with the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah respond to Saul's treatment of the Gibeonites?

4

The Watchtower

Humble yourself in small acts that others may view as trivial, imitating the Gibeonites

(See paragraph 7)

And they did not deal kindly with the Gibeonites; therefore they did not punish him. - 2 Sam. 21:1.

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. When David asked the Gibeonites why Saul had wronged them, the Gibeonites might have responded by saying that David had been innocent for a long time and would have asked them to pay him a large sum of money. So David told the Gibeonites that seven of Saul's family members, who may have been among those who helped Saul defeat the Gibeonites, could be killed. After that, the rains began to fall in Israel, ending the drought and the famine, thus turning away Jehovah's wrath on Israel. - 2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

(Ps. 37:28) Today, some people, regardless of their nationality or background, may be treated with contempt and cruelty, but that is not what Jehovah wants us to do - he wants us to treat all people fairly, and he promises that he will soon bring an end to all injustice. Another lesson is that just as Jehovah expected the Israelites to keep their vows to the Gibeonites, he expects us to keep any vows we make. - Compare Amos 1:9.

12 What can we learn from the Gibeonites? Even if we are mistreated by a fellow Christian, we need to wait on Jehovah, remembering that Jehovah will deal with our problems in his timely and timely manner.

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, how did the Gibeonites show their willingness to obey Jehovah's Law?

11. What does this account reveal about Jehovah?

12. How can we imitate the Gibeonites when mistreated?

What are you waiting for?

After serving at Bethel for a decade in 1926, Laura French was charged with apostasy, for which she was dismissed from the Bethel family, and she remained a pioneer for four years, serving faithfully until her death in 1940. As Sister French's experience shows, even when we are mistreated, we should not retaliate, but rather let Jehovah take care of matters, and in due time, he will take care of matters. - Isa. 26:3, 4.

Worship Jehovah With Respect

13 Some 500 years after David's death, the story of the Gibeonites reappears in the Bible. The Jews remained in exile in Babylon for 70 years, and some of them returned to Jerusalem with Governor Zerubbabel in 537 B.C.E. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Then others came with the secretary Ezra in 468 B.C.E. (Ezra 7:1-7) Those who followed Governor Zerubbabel and the secretary Ezra to Jerusalem included the Nethinim. (See footnotes to Ezra 2:58 and 7:7) So who were these Nethinim? They were temple servants or non-Israelite temple servants, and many of them were likely descendants of the Gibeonites.See Commentaries on Bible Stories, Netinim.

14 Read the footnote at 1 Chronicles 9:2. Among the first people to return from Babylon to Jerusalem were the temple worshipers. They displayed strong faith, for not all the Jews who had been exiled from Babylon returned to Jerusalem. Although their return to Jerusalem was a difficult one, they did not allow anything to interfere with their journey, perhaps including some of the Gibeonites, who owned land in Israel while the Gibeonites owned no land.

15 What does this account reveal about Jehovah? It shows that Jehovah does not tolerate or condone an individual who offers sacrifices to Jehovah, and he will never forget the Gibeonites when the Amorites attack the Gibeonites; he does not take revenge; he protects the descendants of the Gibeonites when the Babylonians destroy Jerusalem; and when the Jews return from Babylon, he does not forget the Gibeonites; he allows them to continue their work at the temple. (Heb. 11:21) As a result of their work at the temple, no taxes were paid. - Ezra 7:24.

13. Who were the "Nethinim", and what did the Jews do when they returned home from Babylon?

14. How did the Gibeonites show their support for Jehovah's worship? (1 Chronicles 9:2, footnote)

15. What does the story of the Gibeonites teach us about Jehovah?

6 The Watchtower

16 What can we learn from the example of the Gibeonites? We want to be active in Jehovah's service and help others to come to know him. Because we love Jehovah and want to please him, we are willing to make sacrifices if we want to serve him fully. At one point, Alwin wanted to quit his job and become a regular pioneer, so he often prayed to Jehovah to help him find a job that would enable him to become a regular pioneer. He knew that his new job would be priceless compared with his oil job. Likewise, whatever sacrifices you make in Jehovah's service, be assured that Jehovah will never forget you and will provide for your needs. - Matt. 6:33.

17 The story of the Gibeonites teaches us many lessons about Jehovah: Jehovah's humility, mercy, justice, and faithfulness, as well as that he will never let his servants lose heart when they make sacrifices in his service. Not only that, but when we are treated unfairly, we need to remember that Jehovah's times are right and that we should give up everything to him.

16. What can we learn from the Gibeonites?

17. What have we learned from the story of the Gibeonites?

WHAT would you say?

■ How can we show faith and humility like the Gibeonites?

■ How can we imitate the Gibeonites when mistreated?

■ Like the Gibeonites, how can we support Jehovah's worship?

Psalm 148 - Jehovah is a Deliverer

September 14-20, 2026

Song 41 - Hear My Prayer

What This Study Says

Reading the book of Isaiah can strengthen us when we are depressed or saddened.

The Book of Isaiah Can Give You Comfort

Thus says Jehovah: . . . As a mother comforts her son, so I will keep comforting you. Isaiah 66:12, 13.

WHAT would a loving mother do in such a situation? She would embrace her young son and listen to his crying, and she would have reassured her son that she was deeply moved.

2 In the Bible, Jehovah is like a loving and comforting mother who says: "Just as a mother comforts her son, so I will continue to comfort you". (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah's love for us is greater than any parent's love for his child.

3 The book of Isaiah is filled with comforting words. (Isa. 40:1) Jehovah's people in Judah had a difficult time. As a loving Father, he inspired Isaiah to write a series of words to encourage them. Finally, when we are grieving the death of a loved one.

1-2. How does Jehovah help us when we are overwhelmed or depressed?

3. What will we consider in this article?

8

A Time for the Rest of Your Life

(Eccl. 9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) We may experience sudden changes in our lives, such as poor health, economic turmoil, political conflicts, or changes in our assignments in Jehovah's organization. Such changes can cause us to feel overwhelmed and even confused. So I didn't know what to do. What assurance from Jehovah in the book of Isaiah can help us in the face of such sudden changes?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. If someone feels that the whole world is in darkness and does not know where to turn, Jehovah promises to guide him and turn that darkness into light. When our course suddenly changes and we do not know what lies ahead, it may seem that we are blinded, such as walking along an unexpected path, through a dark place, or through a rough place. Who will take us by the hand, and lead us out of darkness, and make our paths light, and our paths light;

4. How can sudden changes in our lives affect us?

5. What assurance does Jehovah give us at Isaiah 42:16? (See also picture.)

Even if your life changes suddenly, Jehovah will never abandon you (See paragraph 5)

I will not leave thee when thou goest astray.

(Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) He will also use fellow believers and others to help us. So even when we are in dire straits and uncertain about what lies ahead, we can be confident that Jehovah will guide us because he loves us and knows what we are going through. - Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 Joseph, mentioned earlier, reflects on how Jehovah helped him and his wife after they left Bethel: "When we left Bethel, we saw Jehovah's hand in our life. He helped us through our brothers and sisters. Whatever happens, he is with me.* Although things may not go as we expected, we should remember that whatever happens in our life, Jehovah is with us.

A Time in the Past

7 If we confess a serious sin to the elders, they will love us and help us.

The words of the psalms are taken, which are not in our book of songs: Jehovah is with me.

6. What assurance can we have when circumstances suddenly change in our lives?

7. How may past wrongs affect some?

(Prov. 28:13; Jas. 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) Yet, even after Jehovah forgives us all our sins, our conscience can still trouble us. You may ask, 'How can Jehovah forgive me for such a sin?' (2 Cor. 2:7) You may feel that way too, for we are overwhelmed by the thought of our past sins, and it can be hard to remember them. (Isa. 38:3, 8) Similarly, if you are still grieving over past sins, the book of Isaiah can be of great help to you.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Jehovah uses a vivid illustration to show us how he forgives our sins in a lasting way. He says that even our sins - even those that are like snow - will be made as white as snow.

9 Consider the example of King David, who was forgiven for committing adultery and murder, and who was later described as a man who served God with a sincere heart. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Ki. 9:4, 5) Jehovah focused on David's loyalty, not his past sins.

How does Isaiah 1:18 illustrate Jehovah's forgiveness?

10 The Watchtower

Thou hast cast away all my transgressions from behind thee.

Jehovah does not judge past sins (See paragraph 11)

can help us when our conscience is troubled?

10 Read the footnote to Isaiah 38:17. The expression Wash away all my sins can also be translated as Wash away all my sins from before you. This illustration shows that when a sinner repents, Jehovah turns his sins behind him so that Jehovah does not see or remember them. He promises: "Your sin I will remember no more". (Isa. 43:25) How comforting that is!

Never let past sins ruin your joy in serving Jehovah

If we remember the sins of the past, why should we let him trouble us?

11 Whenever we are grieved by past sins, we need to keep in mind Jehovah's assurance that if he forgives, he will forgive us. He is not ashamed of our past sins, nor does he seem to be angry with us. (Isa. 57:16) Jehovah is not concerned with past sins, but he is concerned about how we live now and how we strive to please him. - Isa. 55:7.

10. What comforting message is found at Isaiah 38:17?

11. (a) Despite our past mistakes, what does Jehovah see in us? (b) How does Jehovah view our past mistakes?

July 2026 11

The dead will be brought to life.

The hope of seeing our dead loved ones again is sure to come true (See paragraph 14)

Therefore, we should never allow past sins to ruin our joy in Jehovah's service, nor should they cause us to lose sight of our future blessings.

When We Are Dealing With the Death of a Physician

12 When we lose a loved one, our grief can be long-lasting and painful. At times, we do not understand how Jehovah cared for the loss of a loved one.

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah promises that death will be eradicated forever. Imagine living in a world where death will be no more, where you will never have to grieve the loss of a loved one. (Isa. 35:10) Likewise, you will never experience the death of a loved one in the grave.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Jehovah promises not only to eliminate death but also to bring our dead loved ones back to life.

12. How may we feel when we lose a loved one?

13. What promise does Jehovah give us at Isaiah 25:8?

14. How do you feel about the resurrection? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also picture.)

12 The Watchtower

Just as the early morning rain makes the plants flourish, so Jehovah, the Tree of Life, will bring our dead loved ones back to life. Look forward to welcoming them! What a joy! - Compare Mark 5:42.

15 Although Jehovah's promise to resurrect our dead loved ones does not fill our grief, it comforts us to know that Jehovah has not forgotten them. Michael, mentioned earlier, was comforted by this hope. He says: "Isaiah 26:19 helped me to realize that Jehovah cares deeply for my parents.

16 We have seen how certain passages in the book of Isaiah can comfort us when our circumstances suddenly change, when we are troubled by past sins, or when we grieve the death of a loved one.

15. How does the resurrection hope help us when we lose a loved one?

16. When you are going through a difficult time, what specific Word of God comforts you?

PAGE 9: A couple who have moved from Bethel to a new congregation are warmly welcomed.

The Teaching Is Coming . . .

■ Isaiah 42:16?

■ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

■ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

SING 3

Our Strength, Our Hope, and Our Trust

September 21-27, 2026

SING 12

The Almighty, Jehovah God

What This Study Says

We will consider what it means to know Jehovah, why we need to know him better, and how we can get to know him better.

Continue to Get to Know Jehovah Better

Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart. . . . - 1 CHRON. 28:9.

WHEN we reflect on the depth of Jehovah's knowledge and wisdom and his marvelous works, we are amazed at the depth of the Creator, so that we may echo the words of the apostle Paul: "O the depth of the riches and wisdom and knowledge of God!

2 Although we can't know everything about Jehovah, we do know what will help us to know him, for King David told his son Solomon: "Know the God of your father, and serve him with a complete heart; and if you search for him, he will let you find him". (1 Chron. 28:9) Centuries later, the apostle John also told his fellow Christians that "the true one can be known". (1 John 5:20) Jesus himself said that anyone who wants to know the Father intimately will be helped to find him. - Matt. 11:27.

3 As dedicated Christians, we have already learned a great deal about Jehovah, but we will never know him completely or learn about him completely. (John 17:3) For example, we can study each day how we can please Jehovah and how we can increase our confidence in him.

1. How do we feel about Jehovah's wisdom, knowledge, and miraculous works?

2. What indicates that we can get to know Jehovah better?

3. What will we consider in this article?

14

What Does It Mean to Believe in Jehovah?

4 Reflecting on Jehovah's words to the Jews returning from Babylon reveals what will help us to get to know him better. Jehovah said: "I will give them a heart to know that I am Jehovah". (Jer. 24:7) Those who returned from Babylon already knew much about Jehovah. It is like reading a story about love and falling in love with someone. It is not scary to learn that there is a God whose name is Jehovah.

The Bible says: "In the eighth year of his reign, while he was still a boy, he began to seek the God of David his grandfather". (2 Chron. 34:3) But not only did he learn about Jehovah but he also applied what he learned.

6 Read Psalm 9:10.

When the apostle Paul was imprisoned shortly before his death, he confessed: "I am not ashamed, for I know the One in whom I have put my faith". (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul's knowledge of Jehovah and the way he has helped him in his life gave him the strength to put his trust in him.

WHY should we believe in Jehovah?

7 When we first began to learn about Jehovah, we began to put forth great effort to get to know him better, but if we serve him for as long as we can, we may have the same view of him as we have. (Ps. 25:8-10) Hence, when we read the Bible, we should focus not only on what will help us and others, but also on the questions: What does this teach me about Jehovah God?*

8 Getting to know Jehovah better

* In the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, the title of the opening paragraph is What Is in God's Word? See question 20.

4. What will help us to get to know Jehovah better?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah when it comes to getting to know Jehovah better?

6. According to Psalm 9:10, how will getting to know Jehovah better benefit us?

7. What can happen if we serve Jehovah for a long time?

8. How does getting to know Jehovah better affect our relationship with him? (Psalm 73:24-28)

July 2026 15

Like the psalmist Asaph, he reflected on Jehovah's love and said: "God is the rock of my heart and my fortress forever". (Read Psalm 73:24-28.) As we get to know Jehovah better, we will deepen our appreciation for his friendship.

9 The Bible tells us that we need to know Jehovah. (Prov. 3:5, 6) This means that we need to meditate on what we have learned about Jehovah, remembering that our conduct is important to him, and that doing so will help us to make wise decisions. Similarly, by meditating on Jehovah regularly, we can make decisions that will please him. - Ps. 19:13, 14.

10 Because we are created in Jehovah's image, we have the ability to imitate his qualities.

9. How will knowing Jehovah help us?

10. How will we benefit from continuing to learn about Jehovah?

Jesus strongly rebuked the scribes and Pharisees for not reflecting God's qualities. While the smallest details of the Law were not taken lightly, the most important elements of the Law - justice, mercy, and faithfulness - were overlooked. (Matt. 23:23) Instead of imitating the scribes and Pharisees, we need to focus on Jehovah's qualities when we read the Bible.

How Can We Know Jehovah?

11 You may have been raised in the truth by your parents, or you may have been taught Bible accounts that reveal Jehovah's qualities, or that reveal his personality in creation, or you may have had a Bible study with one of Jehovah's Witnesses.

12 The first step in getting to know Jehovah better is by working hard

* See the book You Can Have Everlasting Happiness! in study 7, paragraphs 5-7.

11. How did you come to know Jehovah?

(Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also picture on the cover.)

16 The Watchtower

Meditate on Jehovah's creation and gain a better knowledge of him

(See paragraph 15)

(Ex. 34:6, 7) Often, though, the Bible describes events in people's lives and their decisions, so carefully consider what such Bible accounts reveal about Jehovah.

13 For example, imagine that you read Jeremiah 38:6-13, and you notice that the Ethiopian Ebed-melech responded to the prophet Jeremiah. What can you quickly learn from Ebed-melech's example of self-sacrifice, courage, and love, as well as from Jehovah's qualities? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) Whenever you read a Bible passage, try to discern Jehovah's qualities, and be grateful that he has given you such qualities.

14 A second way to get to know Jehovah better is by meditating on his creation. (Ps. 145:9, 10) However, we can get to know him more than just by looking at creation. When we observe and meditate on Jehovah's creation, we can discern his qualities.

15 Many of us live in cities

14. Why should we meditate on Jehovah's creation?

15. (a) How did Patrick come to know Jehovah better, and how can you imitate his example? (b) How can we imitate him?

July 2026 17

Even if you live in such an environment, you can see and learn more about Jehovah's creation. For example, a brother named Patrick, who lives in Brazzaville, a large city in the Republic of the Congo, says: "Every day I try to observe Jehovah's creation. She continued: "I learned that Jehovah cares deeply about his creation - even the smallest animals that are unimportant to them - and that he cares about me and takes care of me, so he will never let me miss anything I need.

16 A third important way to get to know Jehovah better is by meditating on what he has done for us, as did Mary, the mother of Jesus. She already knew Jehovah well and had received his favor. (Luke 1:30) Yet, Jehovah gave her a tremendous assignment - the birth of God's Son.

16. (a) How did Jesus' mother, Mary, come to know Jehovah better, and what can we learn from her? (b) How did Jesus' mother, Mary, come to know Jehovah better?

Meditating on what Jehovah has done for you will help you to get to know him better

(See paragraph 16)

18 The Watchtower

(Luke 1:46-55) Mary was grateful to Jehovah for what he had done for her, and we too should be grateful when Jehovah helps us at the right time. (Heb. 4:16) When Jehovah does something for you, ask yourself: What do I learn about Jehovah's ways of helping me, and what do I learn about his qualities?

We CAN NEVER learn from Jehovah

17 As we enter the new world, it will be a privilege to learn more about Jehovah, who will give us a scroll of knowledge of what he likes and what he does not like. (Rev. 20:12) Whether you look to the left or to the right, you will be able to see nothing but his creation.

(Ps. 90:2; 147:5) In fact, the work that the true God has done from beginning to end is beyond our comprehension. (Eccl. 3:11) So whether we have been in the congregation for a long time or recently, let us all work hard to learn more about our loving Father.

17-18. Why can we say that we will never be able to learn all about Jehovah?

PAGE 18: An anxious brother reflects on how Jehovah helped him to carry out his assignment during the midweek study.

WHAT would you say?

■ What does it mean to know Jehovah well?

■ Why should we continue to get to know Jehovah better?

■ How can we get to know Jehovah better?

Song 28 - How to Be a Friend of Jehovah

What is the meaning of life? - September 28th - October 4th, 2026

Help Others to Get to Know Jehovah Better

PSALM 79 Help Them to Stand Firm

To have everlasting life is to come to know you, the only true God. - JOHN 17:3.

What This Study Says

How to help your Bible student to come to know Jehovah, his qualities, and what he likes and dislikes.

HOW do you feel when a Bible student starts to come to a Bible study, comments, shares some of what he is learning, and decides to get baptized? Yet, we know that it is not our strength that contributes to such progress, but Jehovah's help.

2 God's heart's desire is that all sorts of people be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of the truth. (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4) Jehovah wants people to know him, and he wants them to know all that he has planned for mankind. (Jer. 9:24) To do that, we must have accurate knowledge of the truth. Thus, when a Bible student comes to know Jehovah, the knowledge he gains changes his life and gives him the hope of everlasting life. - John 17:3.

3 In view of Jehovah's undeserved kindness, we have the privilege of helping others to come to know him. In this article, we will consider the following questions: First, why do Bible students need to get to know Jehovah better, second, how can we help Bible students to come to know him better, and last, how can we help them to apply what they learn in their lives?

1. How do you feel about the progress of a Bible student?

2. What is pleasing to Jehovah's heart? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this article?

20

Help the Student to See Jehovah

4 Jesus said that the greatest commandment of all is to love Jehovah with all one's heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) To love Jehovah, a Bible student must first come to know him.

Jesus said: "In order that the world may know that I love the Father, just as the Father has commanded me to do, so I am doing". (John 14:31) Likewise, when our Bible students love Jehovah above all else in their lives, they will obey Jehovah and will never deviate from him. - 1 John 5:3.

6 To illustrate, when a Bible student gets to know Jehovah well, it will be easier for him to make a decision that is in harmony with Jehovah's thinking.

Likewise, our Bible students know Jehovah better not only by studying the Bible with us but also by applying what we learn in their lives and seeing the value of it.

(Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) Thus, Joseph knew Jehovah's view of marriage and sexual relations. His knowledge of Jehovah led him to object to Potiphar's wife's suggestion to have sex with him. Instead, Joseph replied: "How can I commit such a sinful act and thus commit a sin against God?" (Gen. 39:7-9) Joseph knew what Jehovah wanted and what he did not want, and he knew that his actions would hurt Jehovah. Just as we need to help our Bible students to come to know Jehovah better and to appreciate his personality, we need to help them make decisions that will please him.

Help Your Bible Student to Understand the Attitude of Jehovah

8 How can you help a Bible student to understand Jehovah's personality?

4. According to Mark 12:30, what should we keep in mind when conducting Bible studies?

5. How will love for Jehovah affect your Bible student?

6. How can a Bible student benefit from getting to know Jehovah better?

7. How did Joseph benefit from knowing Jehovah well?

8. How can you use the book You Can Have Eternal Happiness! to help your Bible student to appreciate Jehovah's personality?

July 2026 21

Questions That Help Us Teach Effectively

The book You Can Have Eternal Happiness! contains many questions that can help your Bible students to come to know Jehovah better, including:

How does Jehovah view those who preach the good news? (study 21)

Due to what you have learned about Jehovah and Jesus, do you see injustice or justice in judging people? (Lecture 33)

When you listen to Jehovah and act wisely, how does he feel? (study 34)

How do you think Jehovah will feel if you marry someone who does not love him? (lesson 42)

What does this verse show about Jehovah's forgiveness? (study 56)

How does Jehovah's dealings with sinners reveal his understanding, mercy, and love? (study 57)

Similarly, when we study with our Bible students, we need to use questions, such as the book You Can Be Happy Forever!, to help Bible students to learn more about Jehovah and to appreciate his personality. (See the box "Questions That Help Us to Be Effective Teachers".)

9 Immediately after starting a Bible study, we should encourage others to read the Bible daily.* How can we help them to get the most out of their Bible reading? They may find that after reading a Bible passage, they may ask themselves, Why did Jehovah allow this to be included in the Bible? What qualities of Jehovah do these words reveal to me? The apostle James, for example, refers not only to Job's endurance of trials but also to Jehovah.

10 We want to help our Bible students see how a Bible text can help them to discern what Jehovah likes and dislikes.

* See chapter 05 of the book You Can Have Everlasting Happiness! under the heading: Purpose to read the Bible daily. Following the section Read the Bible Daily will help you to do so.

9-10. (a) What will help our Bible students to get the most out of their Bible reading? (James 5:11) (b) Give an example of how a Bible account reveals what Jehovah likes and dislikes.

22 The Watchtower

Help your Bible student to see that when he reads a Bible passage but does not understand it, he does not reflect on what he already knows about Jehovah (See paragraphs 12-13)

In doing so, you can encourage him to meditate on such questions as: Why did Jehovah save Daniel? How does this account reveal to me what pleases Jehovah? (Daniel 6:10, 22) He may also ask himself: What happened to the men accused of Daniel?

11 While it is a joy to see a Bible student benefit from what we are teaching him, we also need to remind him that what he is learning comes from Jehovah, the Great Teacher. (Isa. 30:20, 21) At times, a Bible student may commend us and tell us how well we teach him.

11. How can we help a Bible student to see that what we are learning comes from Jehovah?

Although praise is worthy of praise, what you have to give thanks for is due to Jehovah.

Help Your Bible Student and Apply His Teachings

12 If your Bible student is able to see the value of what he is studying, how can you help him to grow up and apply what he is learning? First, help him to reflect on what he already knows about Jehovah when he reads a Bible passage but does not understand it.

13 You can encourage the student to stop thinking about what he already knows about Jehovah.

12-13. (a) How can you help a Bible student if he or she is reading a Bible text but does not understand it? (b) How can you help a student to understand a Bible text?

July 2026 23

(Ex. 34:6, 7) In some cases, the Bible does not give specific explanations as to why Jehovah made a decision, but we do not need any explanation because we know that we are serving the Supreme Being, and we know that he always does what is right.

14 Consider a second way in which a student can apply what he or she is learning about Jehovah. Suppose your student is beginning to come to a study and finds it difficult to get close to a brother or sister who may have offended him or her.

14. How can you help your student if he or she is offended by a brother or sister?

Help your Bible student to make decisions that please Jehovah (See paragraphs 15-16)

(John 3:16) How do we feel about our unity? (Ps. 133:1) How does Jehovah feel when we do everything we can to preserve our unity? (2 Cor. 13:11) Help your Bible student to see that we need to focus on the good qualities of others, not their imperfections.

15 A final step is to help your Bible student make wise decisions based on what he is learning. You can draw attention to the 35th lesson of the book You Can Have Eternal Happiness! entitled "How to Make Good Decisions". He said: I always do what pleases my Father. (Read John 8:29.) You can encourage your student to ask himself: In view of all the things I have learned about Jehovah and all the research I have done, what decisions do I make that will please Him?

16 Consider the case of a woman who had to make a major decision in her life when she was studying with fellow believers in Chile.

15-16. (a) How can a Bible student imitate Jesus when faced with important decisions? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help her Bible student to make the right decision?

24 The Watchtower

I also encouraged her to put her problem before Jehovah and see how Jehovah would answer her prayers. She decided not to do so, and she soon found a job that would allow her to attend the meetings regularly. Consider what Marianne says about her student: "My student has learned that if we put Jehovah's service first, he will take care of us".

Living in the Presence of Jehovah

17 When we conduct Bible studies with people, we teach them many basic Bible teachings, such as the condition of the dead, the ransom, and God's Kingdom.

17. What important fact should we help our Bible students to realize?

In addition to these activities, they will learn more about Jehovah and will be encouraged to learn more about him.

18 We have the privilege of helping others to come to know Jehovah better. Even now, we cannot compare the joy of those who have come to know and serve him. (Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, those who do not come to know Jehovah will also enjoy everlasting life. (1 John 5:20) The Bible also assures us that those who strive to know and love Jehovah are known by him. (1 Cor. 8:3) Indeed, the Almighty God knows us and considers us his friends.

18. What blessings come from getting to know Jehovah?

PAGE 24: How Marianne's Bible student refused to work for a living.

WHAT would you say?

■ Why should a Bible student get to know Jehovah well?

■ How can you help your Bible student to see how Jehovah is?

■ How can we help our Bible students to apply what they learn?

PSALM 84 Supporting the Work

The Signs of Life

I Continued to Be Trained by Jehovah

Read the words of KIUCHI

THE first time I walked into the printing facility at Brooklyn Bethel, New York, U.S.A., I will never forget what I saw there. I had never seen the sound of a machine moving back and forth and making such a noise.

I was impressed by many experiences, but I was also impressed by the brothers and sisters who worked there, who saw the hard work of the young men and women there as unremarkable, and whose hard work was rarely recognized or rewarded.

I was a Buddhist, but let me tell you first how I came to know the truth.

Seeing GOD as a Friend

I was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. I was the eldest of four children, and my parents moved from Japan to Chicago with the hope of a better life in America.

My parents were very Buddhist. My mother was raised in a Buddhist temple. Her father and two brothers were Buddhist priests. As a child, we took Buddhism very seriously. Every day I came home from school, the first thing I would do was to offer incense to the Buddhist temple in our house, and give it rice and water.

When I was about seven years old, I remember one day watching the goddess in my home, wondering, What will happen to me when I die? Buddhism had taught me that if I died, I would go on living in the spirit realm.

26 The Watchtower

When I was about 15 years old, I realized that there was something wrong with my life because of the absurdity of my Buddhist practices. (Matt. 5:3) In my heart, I felt that there is a powerful living God, and I wanted to know him.

One day, when I was 17 years old and walking out with my dog, a brother named Wilson Bashou approached me and asked me, "Do you know what God will do for mankind in the future?" That question led to a deeper Bible discussion. Wilson pointed to Revelation 17:1 and asked me, "What is the meaning of the many waters on which the harlot sits?" After the discussion, Wilson gave me the book The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life, which changed my life.

After ten days, I attended my first meeting at the Kingdom Hall, and I will never forget how warmly the brothers and sisters welcomed me. From that day on, I never attended a meeting.

I Learned to Live Happily

When I was baptized, I was attending a prestigious university and studying to become a doctor. My parents had sacrificed much to become a doctor.

I loved my parents, and I didn't want to hurt them. So I used to go to school at night to find a place outside and cry out to Jehovah: Please help me make good decisions. Finally, I decided to quit college, so my father told me to leave the house. I realized that I had made the right decision.

Now able to devote myself to Jehovah full-time, I began pioneering in 1984.

With Jehovah's help, I developed many fine qualities, including leadership, during the regular pioneer service. One day, I was discouraged because I had no one to accompany me in the ministry during the day, so I did not want to go.

With Wilson Bashou, who taught me the truth

July 2026

27

Visiting people at Brooklyn Bethel, showing them what is going on in our printing workshops

With Michiko Oda and her husband

As I climbed up the stairs, I saw a young man from the Philippines standing there, and I said to myself, That he would not listen. Absolutely not! I started studying with him, and, surprisingly, he became one of Jehovah's Witnesses.

I Learned Much at Brooklyn Bethel

In 1985, after living with Wilson for two years, I was invited to serve at Brooklyn Bethel, where, as I recall earlier, I was assigned to work in a printing press. The brother in charge of the branch kindly told me, If you do something wrong, remember to apologize. That day I learned that if I made a mistake, I should admit it and apologize.

One afternoon while we were having dinner, I sat at a table with Brother Milton Henschel, a member of the Governing Body. The room was crowded, and the brothers who were distributing food were coming and going. Brother Henschel's humble service to his brothers has stuck with me to this day; it reminds me of how Jesus also served his apostles. - John 13:3-5.

28 What Does It Mean to Be a Witness?

FAMILY NEED TO KNOW JAPAN!

When I visited Japan in 1987, I was impressed by the zeal and humility of the brothers there, and I wanted to help them, but my problem was that I could not speak Japanese.

In 1989, I attended my first Japanese-language convention in Los Angeles, California, where a pioneer sister named Miwako Onami was involved in a drama that made me feel better.

My wife, Miwako, and I were married in 1992 and have the privilege of serving at Brooklyn Bethel together. Miwako is a caring person who is always willing to help others.

BETHEL IN JAPAN, and finally to the Kingdom Hall

Years later, when Miwako's parents in Japan became seriously ill, the Brooklyn Bethel family offered us the opportunity to serve at Ja-pan Bethel so that we could stay close to and care for them.

I was impressed by the kindness and generosity of the Japanese brothers and sisters, and I was moved to imitate them in their work, in their work, and in their cooperation.

On our wedding day

I learned that no matter what we decide to do, Jehovah can bless it, and that we need to obey the direction of the congregation. Without Jehovah's help, we cannot do anything we want to do.

During Moses' 40 years as a shepherd, Jehovah helped him to cultivate humility. I felt like Moses, but my few years at Bethel taught me that I needed to be humble and trust in Jehovah.

July 2026 29

For about 24 years, we cared for Miwako's parents until their deaths. We had to go to many hospitals, visit hospitals, and sometimes just show compassion. Miwako's mother, Masako, was seriously ill, and it was hard for her to get up and walk. Masako had difficulty attending meetings and preaching. This is something I want to learn.

After serving at Bethel for more than 30 years, we are now serving as special pioneers on the island of Okinawa, where we have the privilege of witnessing to families living in a nearby military camp. Every day, Miwako and I thank Jehovah for giving us this privilege.

I Believe in Jehovah's Practice

Even though my family members no longer oppose me, none of them have joined me in the truth. Jesus said that anyone who leaves his family to become a disciple will still have 100 times as many families. (Mark 10:29, 30) I personally have found this to be true.

Whenever I look at the book of truth that Wilson gave me, it reminds me of how Jehovah helped me to find him. (1 Chron. 28:9) I am determined to let Jehovah continue to train me and to help others to find the truth that leads to everlasting life.

Serving at Bethel in Japan

With Miwako in the preaching work in Okinawa

30 The Watchtower

Hurry and Make Peace With Your Brother!

IF YOUR brother or sister has offended you, and your relationship with him or her has been severely damaged, make peace with him or her.*

For example, if a person has broken bones, he needs to see a doctor first, so that his bones may continue to grow. If he stays on his feet and does not see a physician, the pain will not go away, and perhaps his bones will not be able to heal.

(Matt. 5:25) So if you have a dispute with a fellow believer, go to him and discuss it with him as quickly as possible. However, let us consider two reasons for this.

Perhaps you will be surprised to learn first of all that Euodia and Syntyche are not on the same page.

(Matt. 5:23, 24) On the other hand, if a serious wrong has been done to us, we may need to seek help from the elders (Matt. 18:17) Before we do so, we need to apply the counsel found at Matthew 18:15, 16.

# If a Christian does something to offend you and you do not do anything serious, you can overlook it. - Prov. 26:20

(Phil. 4:2) To restore friendship, they needed to be humble, open-hearted, and forgiving.

Second, if you feel that your brother is more likely to be guilty than you are, he may have to apologize, but what is important is not the sweetness of his words, but the restoration of your relationship.

The Bible says: "Do not let the sun go down on your anger". (Eph. 4:26) By doing all you can to make peace with your brother, you can contribute to the lasting peace that unites us. - Eph. 4:1-3.

July 2026 31

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

What is the meaning of life?

What Does It Mean to Be a Witness?

7-13 September 2 Learn From the Gibeonites

What can we learn from the book of Isaiah? September 14-20

The Watchtower Study of September 21-27 14 Continue to Get to Know Jehovah Better

The study article for September 28 to October 4 20 Help Others to Get to Know Jehovah Better

26 I Have Continued to Be Trained by Jehovah

Hurry up and get ready with your brother!

The Science of Education

How to Give Encouraging Answers

(Heb. 10:24, 25) What will help us to give encouraging comments?

• Pray to Jehovah, asking him to help you to give an answer that honors him and encourages others. - Ps. 35:18.

• Make it your goal to read the answers directly from the book and to build up your faith in Jehovah by giving your own comments.

• Keep your answers brief and clear. Your brief and clear comments will touch the hearts of others and will open the way for more to speak. - Prov. 10:19.

• Use your comments to encourage others.

If thou liftest up thy hand, and we have not called thee, how shall thou exhort others? He that answereth, let him hear, and thou shalt praise him.

This publication is available free of charge and is used to support a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary contributions.

Except where noted, entries in this book are taken from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org or download the link below

JW.ORG ®

w26.07-TW