September 2026

The Watchtower Learns Us of Jehovah's Kingdom

The following is a list of publications: November 2December 6, 2026

November 2-8, 2026

Song of the Year 3

You Are Our Strength and Our Hope

The Reason

In this article, we will see why we can be confident that Jehovah will protect us now and in the future.

Be Confident that Jehovah Will Protect You

You have said: "Jehovah is my refuge". - Ps. 91:9.

JEHOVAH will move the nations to fulfill his purpose of handing their kingdom over to the wild beast, representing the United Nations.* (Rev. 17:17) Then, along with all its allies, the wild beast will destroy all false religion. (Rev. 17:16) That will be the beginning of the great tribulation.

(Ezek. 38:14-16) The book Jehovah's Pure Worship Is Finally Restored! states: "Satan will mislead the nations into obstructing both true worship and pure worship on the earth".

3 Should we fear when Jesus and his ruling class destroy Satan's wicked system at Armageddon?

* See "Questions From Readers" in the November 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

1-2. What remarkable events are about to take place?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

No, because Jehovah promises to protect us, as recorded at Psalm 91:7, which says: "There will be a rock at your side, and ten thousand at your right hand, but you will not be near". Let us now consider Psalm 91 to answer the following questions: What kind of protection does Jehovah promise his people?

A Psalm Concerning Jehovah's People

4 The main purpose of Psalm 91 is that Jehovah will protect those who put their trust in him, as shown in verses 1 and 2. (Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Since Jehovah is the Almighty and Most High, we can be confident that he will protect us if we take refuge in the shadow of his enemy. At Psalm 91:3-13, the psalmist uses touching words that assure us that Jehovah can protect us in any situation.

(Read Psalm 91:14-16.) In these verses, Jehovah repeatedly promises to protect his people because of their trust in him, their reputation, and their prayer to him. We can have complete confidence in Jehovah because he keeps all his promises. (Josh. 23:14) There is no doubt about that! - Deut. 23:19.

6 Jehovah inspired the psalmist to write the words of Psalm 91 to give us confidence and confidence in him. (Rom. 15:4) The psalmist expressed his confidence in Jehovah's protection by saying: "You are my refuge and my stronghold".

What evidence is there of Jehovah's faithfulness in Psalm 91?

7 In previous publications, we have explained that Psalm 91 focuses on Jehovah's spiritual protection. We can be confident that Jehovah will provide everything we need to keep our relationship with him at all times.

8 When Jesus was tempted, Satan quoted from Psalm 91, and Jesus' response illustrates the protection that this psalm offers. (Read Matthew 4:5-7.)

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 help us to trust in Jehovah's protection?

5-6. (a) What promise does Jehovah make at Psalm 91:14-16? (b) Of what can we be confident?

7. What promise of protection does Jehovah make in Psalm 91?

8-9. How did Jesus respond to Satan's temptation, and what does this teach us? - Matthew 4:5-7.

What is the meaning of life? 3 SEPTEMBER 2026

Satan pointed to Jesus from Psalm 91:11, 12 to show that God would protect him physically, stating that angels would pay him when Jesus fell from the temple.

9 Jesus was well aware that Jehovah used angels to protect his people from enemies, who sometimes did not harm them. (2 Ki. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) However, Jesus knew that he could not expect Jehovah's protection if he had acted foolishly and risked his life in vain. But even more painful was that he asked Jesus to do something foolish in order to test Jehovah.* Jesus' answer to Satan shows that Psalm 91 is about Jehovah's protection in all aspects: spiritually, physically, and emotionally.

10 Jehovah's promises in Psalm 91 give us encouragement because they reassure us that he is our Refuge and will protect all who trust in him.

How does Jehovah view us?

11 Jehovah protects us spiritually by helping us to avoid spiritual dangers. Jehovah is aware of our sinful nature and of our struggle to please him. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) So he has given us the means to maintain a good relationship with him.

12 His Word, the Bible. Jehovah warns us in the Bible about wrong desires and how to overcome them. An example of this is found at Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.)

13 Viewing pornography, videos, or other forms of pornography can arouse sexual desires, and it can be easy to get caught up in them if an opportunity arises for sexual immorality. (Jas. 1:14, 15) So to avoid developing such desires, we need to take some important steps in obedience to Jesus' counsel: "If your right eye makes you stumble, pull it out and throw it away". (Matt. 5:29) We need to avoid anything that can arouse sexual desires, just as we need to protect ourselves from sexual immorality. (Col. 3:5) Applying this counsel will protect our relationship with Jehovah.

* In the past, our publications have said that Psalm 91 refers only to Jehovah's promise of spiritual protection and that Satan was hurt when he used the words of this psalm to illustrate Jehovah's protection of his servants physically. - See The Watchtower, December 1, 1974, page 722.

10. What can we be sure of?

11. How does Jehovah protect us spiritually?

12-13. How can we overcome wrong desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

The Watchtower

Jehovah uses his organization to provide timely spiritual protection

(See paragraph 15)

(Luke 11:9-13) How can holy spirit help us? The apostle Paul wrote: "Keep walking by spirit and you will not carry out any fleshly desire". (Gal. 5:16) The Bible Study Bible's accompanying text says: "He that is walking by spirit seeks the guidance of God's spirit and influences his thoughts and actions". Even if a sinful desire develops in us, it can overcome it and keep us from thinking about it. Jehovah's spirit does not prevent us from pursuing sinful desires, but it can help us to be more determined to do what is right and to overcome sinful desires, thus safeguarding our spirituality.

15 His organization. Jehovah provides timely guidance through his organization to protect us spiritually. Consider: Because we are imperfect and sinful, we are at times plagued by wrong thoughts and feelings.

14. How does holy spirit help us?

15. (a) How does Jehovah's organization protect us spiritually? (b) How does Jehovah's organization protect us spiritually?

September 2026

5

The elder tries to use those feelings to discourage us from giving up. (Matt. 4:3; 6:13) God's organization teaches us many things that help us to trust that Jehovah forgives our sins, cares for us, and provides for our needs. (Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Have you ever read something in our publications that touched your heart enough to make you think that this article was written specifically for you? Remember, Jehovah provides such instruction in a timely manner to protect us spiritually.

16 On the other hand, Jehovah protects the entire congregation of his servants physically from being completely destroyed by enemies. At times, however, Jehovah allows his servants to be persecuted and even killed by enemies to prove that Satan is a liar. (Rev. 2:10; 6:9) But Satan does not want that to happen. He is so furious that he wants to destroy all his faithful servants. (Matt. 24:9; Rev. 12:9-12) But that will never happen!

17 In the Bible, Jehovah provides us with practical counsel that protects us from physical or mental harm if we obey his laws. (Prov. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) However, we know that Jehovah does not prevent any harm from happening to us as individuals. (Job 1:10, 11) However, we recognize that Jehovah's patience and tolerance for his servants under attack by opposers and wicked ones is primarily due to the central issue on the mountain - the sanctification of his name. (Rom. 9:22) However, Jehovah will soon remove all suffering from his people, and even now he will help us to endure whatever trials may come our way, so that we can maintain a good relationship with him. - 1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

How will Jehovah protect us as we walk?

18 Jehovah will continue to protect his people spiritually during the great tribulation, but what about physically? When nations unite to attack Jehovah's people, Jehovah will not allow them to be punished. (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Jehovah will send Jesus Christ and his heavenly armies to defend his people and to deal with God's enemies.

19 We have no reason to fear the coming destruction of this wicked world at Armageddon

16. (a) What have some of Jehovah's servants faced, and why? (b) Of what can we be confident?

17. Why can we not expect Jehovah to protect us from all adversity now?

18. How will Jehovah protect his people in the future?

19-20. Why should we not fear when Jesus and his heavenly armies come to destroy God's enemies at Armageddon?

6 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

At Armageddon, when Jesus and his heavenly army go to war against God's enemies, none of them will survive. . . . During that war, none of God's precious sheep will die at the hands of human or demon enemies

(Jer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) During that war, none of God's saved sheep will die at the hands of any of his enemies, whether human or demonic. - Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

20 At Armageddon, the words of God's demon-possessed psalmist will likely come true: Thousands will sit at your side, and tens of thousands at your right hand, but you will not be near. You will see with your own eyes how the wicked will be punished, for you have said: Jehovah is my refuge, and you have made the Most High your dwelling place. (Ps. 91:7-9) At Armageddon, we can expect Jehovah to protect people physically, spiritually, and emotionally. Since you have made Jehovah your refuge, he also promises that you will not be intimidated by evil.

COVER: At Armageddon, Jesus and his companions will protect God's people.

How would you respond?

■ What kind of protection does Jehovah promise in Psalm 91?

■ How does Jehovah protect us now?

■ How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

Song 8 - Jehovah is Our Refuge

9 to 15 November 2026

Song 36 - Protecting Our Redeemer

WHY? This article will help us to listen to Jehovah from the heart.

How to Cultivate a Loyal Heart

"Let your servant hear your voice". - 1 KINGS 3:9.

(Matt. 23:5) However, there is one reason why we obey Jehovah.

The Israelites disobeyed Jehovah's direction and even provoked the Egyptians to anger

(See paragraph 3)

And they shall put the blood of a ram or of a goat on the doorposts, and the angel of the Lord shall pass through the doorposts, and shall not kill the firstborn of men or of cattle. (Exodus 8:25-27) Nevertheless, the Israelites recognized the importance of obedience and did just as Jehovah commanded them.

4 The Israelites left Egypt that very night. First, Jehovah directed them north of the Red Sea, but then he gave them a startling instruction: Turn south and camp somewhere between the sea and the mountains. (Ex. 14:5-11) Why did the Israelites feel sorry for their obedience, and how did Jehovah view this?

(Read Psalm 106:7.) Although they saw Jehovah's deliverance of their firstborn sons when he brought the tenth plague upon the Egyptians, they failed to appreciate the depth of his love and confidence in their deliverance. Jehovah saw the condition of their heart and said that they had rebelled . . . at the Red Sea. (Ps. 106:21, 24-26) What does this teach us?

4. What remarkable direction did Jehovah give the Israelites?

5. Why was Jehovah displeased with the Israelites at the Red Sea? (Psalm 106:7)

September 2026

9

FROM THE HISTORY of the Israelites

6 The history of the Israelites teaches us that it is important to reflect on why we obey Jehovah and who he uses to lead us. For example, we do well to ask ourselves, 'Do I obey Jehovah only for my own benefit?' We can also ask ourselves, 'Do I obey Jehovah even when others disobey or become angry with me?' While the Israelites were roaming in Egypt, Jehovah showed mercy to the Egyptians. (Exodus 12:36) However, when the Egyptians pursued them furiously, they lost confidence in Jehovah and rebelled. (Exodus 14:10-12) Rather than being like the Israelites, we should trust in Jehovah and those whom he has chosen to lead us. (Read Jeremiah 23:4) We must be willing to follow any direction given, even if we do not understand why or if it offends those who do not love Jehovah.

When we feel this way, we need to remember that we obey Jehovah because we love him and trust in him. (1 John 5:3) If we truly love Jehovah, we will wait patiently for him, and we will recognize that it may take time to see the benefits of obedience. - Rev. 7:8; Micah 7:7.

For example, during the pandemic of the coronavirus, the Governing Body directed congregations to conduct meetings by means of video conferencing. An elder in Peru said: "I never thought that it would be possible for the brothers in my area to attend meetings by means of video conferencing. When a sister in Japan heard about the breakup of a supporting father, she said: "I don't want to accept the change and I don't want to be opposed to it. I know that it will be very helpful".

9 Prepare for persecution. We must be prepared to carry on the Kingdom-preaching work in the face of persecution.

6. If we have complete trust in Jehovah, what will we do? (Jeremiah 23:4)

7. How do we benefit from deepening our love for Jehovah?

8. How was one brother and sister determined to listen?

9. (a) How can we remain obedient even when persecuted? (b) How can we be obedient even when persecuted?

10 The Watchtower

(Matt. 24:14) In addition, during the great tribulation, the message we preach will likely appeal to people and they will have to decide whether or not to pay too much attention to God's Kingdom. We can prepare for future persecution if we obey the command to preach even when people treat us unfairly.

Honor Jehovah the King and Speak with Jehovah

10 The Bible speaks of men and women who obeyed Jehovah, including King Jehoshaphat of Judah, who reigned when three nations invaded Judah. (2 Chron. 20:1-3) Despite this, Jehoshaphat made good decisions. Let us see how we can imitate Jehoshaphat's obedience and trust in Jehovah.

When Jehoshaphat was in danger, he was determined to seek Jehovah's direction. (2 Chron. 20:3) This was not the first time Jehoshaphat turned to Jehovah for guidance. (2 Chron. 19:3) When opposers attacked Jehoshaphat, he knew that only Jehovah could help him, so he was determined to follow Jehovah's direction, and he prayed earnestly to Jehovah for help. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) We can pray, meditate, seek Jehovah's direction, and be determined to follow it

* See "Questions From Readers" in the August 2025 issue of The Watchtower.

10. How did King Jehoshaphat feel when three nations joined forces to attack Judah?

11. What did Jehoshaphat do when he was attacked? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

Obedience now helps us to prepare for future persecution (See paragraph 9)

11

Humble elders obey Jehovah, his organization, and other elders

(See paragraph 16)

We will trust in him, and he will help us. - Ps. 119:112.

Jehoshaphat's prayers reveal that he knew much about Jehovah's past, including the fulfillment of his promise to Abraham that he would give his descendants a good land to cultivate. (Gen. 12:7) Jehoshaphat's words would be in line with those of Solomon's prayer at the temple. (2 Chron. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) What Jehoshaphat learned about Jehovah strengthened his confidence in Jehovah and his determination to obey him. (Matt. 13:52) By doing so, we will be determined to be obedient to Jehovah even under difficult circumstances.

13 Be humble: Jehoshaphat's prayer shows that he was a humble man, a king who had a large army but who did not rely on his own strength to fight against his enemies. Instead, he prayed publicly that he recognized the need for God's help. (2 Chron. 20:12) Humility made it easier for the king to obey Jehovah's instructions immediately, and if we too are humble, we will be willing to obey Jehovah forever. - Phil. 2:5, 8.

14 Consider the effect your actions will have on others. Jehovah answered Jehoshaphat's prayer and told him what to do through the prophet Jahaziel, who told him that the people would not surrender. 20:14-20.

12. What will help us to remain determined to obey Jehovah?

13. What benefits come from being humble?

14. How did Jehoshaphat respond to Jehovah's direction through a prophet?

12 The Watchtower

15 Jehoshaphat displayed strong faith when he appointed musicians to sing praises to Jehovah at the head of the congregation. (2 Chron. 20:21) Before doing so, Jehoshaphat consulted the people and set a fine example by encouraging the people to trust and obey Jehovah.

16 Elders, parents, and others who take the lead can imitate Jehoshaphat. His heartfelt obedience had a positive effect on his subjects. He acted like King Solomon, who, when faithful to Jehovah, asked him to be humble so that he could judge and direct his people in the way Jehovah wanted. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Jehoshaphat obeyed Jehovah's appointed prophet, consulted the people before making decisions, and encouraged them to obey Jehovah and follow his direction. They seek guidance from God's Word and our publications, consult with other elders before making important decisions. (Prov. 15:22) They show that they are willing to follow the direction of the organization and encourage their brothers to do the same. - Prov. 1:8; 14:1.

17 We can be confident that if we sincerely obey Jehovah, he will help and guide us in every situation, as he has done in the past through those who need to take the lead.

15. How did Jehoshaphat exercise faith in Jehovah?

16. What can elders, parents, and those taking the lead learn from Jehoshaphat? (1 Ki. 3:9) (See also picture.)

17. Why should we always obey Jehovah from the heart?

How would you respond?

■ What do we learn from what happened to the Israelites when they were slaves in Egypt?

■ How did Jehoshaphat show that he was obedient from the heart?

■ What have you learned from the good example of Jehoshaphat?

88th Song

Make Me Know Your Ways

November 16 to 22, 2026

Song 84 - We Will Have to Do More

DESCRIPTION In this article, we will consider the fulfillment of Zechariah 8:23 and the efforts of Jehovah's people to reach people of all languages.

Jehovah's People Preach the Good News to People of All Languages

Ten men from all the languages of the nations will take hold of the robe of a Jew.

(Gen. 11:6-9) However, Jehovah made it clear that his purpose was to gather a great crowd from all nations, tribes, peoples, and languages into the great tribulation and bring them into the new world without being preached. (Rev. 7:9, 10, 14) How, though, will the multilingual world call on Jehovah's name during the great tribulation? (Read Romans 10:13, 14) What a privilege it is to help people to hear the good news in their own language so that they can have faith in Jehovah and be saved!

2 Centuries before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, Jehovah's demoniac prophet Zechariah was inspired to foretell that many nations would join themselves to Jehovah as a nation. (Zech. 2:11) Zechariah later prophesied: "Thus says Jehovah of armies: 'In those days ten men from all the languages of the nations will take hold of the garment of a Jew, saying: 'We will go with you, for we have heard that God is with you.'" Zechariah 8:23.

1. Why is it important that we preach the good news to people in their own language? (Romans 10:13, 14) 2. What did God's spirit prophet Zechariah foretell?

14

Let us see how we can share in the fulfillment of prophecies.

THE COURT OF THE WORLD'S LANGUAGICAL SUMMARY How to get to know each other

3 The Jewish woman mentioned in Zechariah's prophecy represents those who are anointed with God's holy spirit, the Bible's Israel of God. (Gal. 6:16) They will reign with Jesus in heaven. (Heb. 3:1) The ten women represent Jehovah's servants who have the hope of living forever in Paradise on earth.

4 In 1919, Christ appointed a group of anointed brothers to be the faithful and discreet slave. These brothers recognized that the good news had to be preached to all nations, and this involved translating the Bible's message into many languages. (Matt. 24:45) By that time, the Bible Students were already producing the "Photo-Drama of Creation" in various lands, but the faithful slave saw the need for more. In 1935, when the faithful slave understood that a great crowd would live forever on earth, Jehovah laid the foundation for a world-wide preaching work in fulfillment of Zechariah's prophecy.

Giving to Others in 5 Languages

5 As the good news spread, there were many sincere people in different languages, and as the Bible foretold, people from all over the world became interested in the good news and wanted to serve Jehovah. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) To help all these people, God's people volunteer to share freely in the preaching work. (Ps. 68:11; 110:3) Moreover, experienced computer scientists and engineers have developed tools such as jw.org and JW Library®, which help people of different languages to learn more about the Bible.

6 People of all nations and languages benefit from the spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave, and one way they show their appreciation for it is by giving generously to support the worldwide preaching work, thus producing literature in more than 1,100 languages, and hundreds of thousands are baptized each year.

7 Jehovah's people now have the tools

3. Who is represented by the Jewish thorn, and who are represented by the Ten Thorn?

4. After Jesus appointed the faithful and discreet slave in 1919, how did things turn out?

5-6. How is the prophecy recorded at Isaiah 2:2-4 being fulfilled today? (See also picture.)

7. How are we affected by the fulfillment of Revelation 14:6?

What is the meaning of life? 15 SEPTEMBER 2026

Spiritual food is provided by the faithful and discreet slave to people of all nations and languages

(See paragraphs 5-6)

With the help of angels, we are preaching the everlasting good news to every nation, tribe, language, and people. (Read Revelation 14:6.) As we see the fulfillment of the prophecies recorded in Zechariah and Revelation, our faith in Bible prophecies grows, and we are convinced that Jehovah is using this organization to spread the good news worldwide.

What Jehovah Is Doing Today

8 On the day of Pentecost 33 C.E., Jehovah miraculously enabled Jesus' disciples in Jerusalem to speak different languages. (Acts 2:4-10) Why? At that time, people from all over the world came to worship at the temple in Jerusalem, and Jehovah wanted to hear the good news in their native language.

9 It is important for people to hear the good news in the language they hear. Consider this example: Suppose a person travels abroad but is seriously ill and needs to be hospitalized.

8. What remarkable event occurred at Pentecost 33 C.E.?

9. How can we help foreign-language ones to hear the good news?

16 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

We can help people to hear the lifesaving message of the Bible in their own language, whether by means of videos, books, or audio recordings.

10 Consider the experience of Robert, an English-speaking brother who, while witnessing in a port, met a Turkish plumber who, although he could not speak English, accepted the brochure Good News From God! in Turkish. The man asked questions about the world, and Robert used the JW Library app to show him the Bible's answers in Turkish. The man was amazed: It was as if he had heard our language! Robert later said: We talked like one clock.

11 Even if we present only one tract or jw.org article in your mother tongue, there are many benefits to doing so. So be prepared to use these methods to witness to a person who does not speak your mother tongue.

10-11. What have you learned from Brother Robert's experience and from the box "What Hope Does a Refugee Have?"

Lub Neej hom thub Qab Ntut Tshiab Yajab Tsayods

A Refugee With Hope

She spoke Hmong, but she did not understand English. Her husband did not allow her to read a book, not even a Bible. Youa said: "I am always anxious and depressed". One day, an English-speaking sister gave her a tract entitled Living in a Peaceful World in Hmong. Eventually, one of Youa's daughters accepted the truth and took her to a Hmong-language congregation meeting.

What is the meaning of life? 17 SEPTEMBER 2026

Gathered in Jehovah's Presence in the Worlds

12 We all benefit from the work of translators. Since ancient times, translators have worked tirelessly to translate God's Word into different languages so that as many people as possible can read it in their own languages.* Today, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has been translated into many languages, helping Jehovah's servants around the world to learn the meaning of God's Word. It has strengthened my relationship with God and strengthened my faith. The New World Translation has been translated, in whole or in part, into more than 300 languages. It is accurate, simple, and teaches the truth about Jehovah, including the beliefs and teachings of Jehovah's Witnesses around the world. (1 Cor. 1:10) But there is more to this translation.

13 God's name, Jehovah, appears thousands of times in many modern translations of the Bible, but it does not appear in the New World Translation. About a century ago, God's name was found in many Bibles, especially the Hebrew Scriptures. However, in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, God's name has been restored to its original appearance, so let us consider why this is important.

14 The Scriptures emphasize the importance of knowing and using God's name. For example, the psalms encourage worshippers to praise Jehovah's name. (Ps. 135:1) When Jesus taught his disciples how to pray to Jehovah, he taught them to say: Thy name be sanctified. Later, in prayer to his Father, Jesus said: I have made thy name known. (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) Both the apostle Paul and the prophet Joel said: Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved. (Rom. (Rom. 10:13) Those who use translations where God's name has been removed will not be able to use these various Scriptural expressions.

* The Hebrew Scriptures were first translated into Greek in 150 B.C.E.

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI declared that the name of God should not be used in Catholic services, songs, or prayers, nor should the name be used. See also The Watchtower, October 1, 1997, pages 16-18, paragraphs 4-8.

12. How has the New World Translation benefited Jehovah's people?

13. Why is God's name absent in many Bible translations today?

14. According to the Scriptures, why is it important to know and use God's name?

18 The Watchtower

15 Most of Jehovah's Witnesses read the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures in their own language, which helps them to learn the truth about Jehovah and to develop their love and trust in him. - Prov. 18:10; Isa. 56:6.

(Rev. 16:14) At that time, Jehovah will protect those who know him, obey him, and praise his name. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3) However, those who do not have faith in Jehovah and disobey him will eventually come to know him as the Almighty God when he attacks them.

17 What a privilege it is to support the worldwide preaching work foretold at Zechariah 8:23 and to work hand-in-hand with our brothers and angels in delivering the message in many languages! Jehovah is giving us the tools we need to preach to people of all nations, tribes, and languages. What a privilege it is to keep on preaching until all know Jehovah's name and the truth about him! - Luke 11:2.

15. How do Jehovah's servants feel about his name?

16. (a) Why is it urgent for people to come to know Jehovah now? (b) Why is it urgent for people to come to know Jehovah now?

17. What privilege do we have?

How would you respond?

■ Who are represented by the Jewish woman and the ten virgins mentioned at Zechariah 8:23?

■ What enables people around the world to learn about Jehovah?

■ Why is it important for people to know and use Jehovah's name?

Song 57 - Greetings to People of All Tribes

November 23-29, 2026

Jehovah's Priestly Order Shows His Love

Song 107 - What is the meaning of the song?

God's Example of Love

The Reason

This article will help us to see how Jehovah's priesthood arrangement draws us closer to him.

Every high priest is chosen from among men and is appointed to minister to God for men. - Heb. 5:1.

(Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) In other words, sin is like a deep pain that separates us from God, and there is nothing we can do about it. Without God's help, we can never be truly happy and have no hope. What has Jehovah done to help us?

2 In order to keep us free from inherited sin, Jehovah made provision for a high priesthood in Israel, and later for Jesus as the High Priest of the Christian congregation.

HOW SCIENCE CHANGED Jehovah's Benefits to the Blind

3 Under divine inspiration, the apostle Paul explained why Jehovah had appointed a priesthood for the nation of Israel. (Read Hebrews 5:1.)

1. Why do all humans need help?

2. What will we consider in this article?

3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how did the priestly arrangement benefit true worshippers? (See also picture.)

20

Like the dividing line between Jehovah and mankind, the priesthood system is the necessary ceiling

(See paragraph 3)

so that, though they were sinners, they could serve the Lord acceptably. In this way, the high priest and his fellow priests serve as a door through which obedient men can approach God.

4 How did the priests help the Israelites to draw close to Jehovah and to have their worship acceptable to him? They did so in two main ways: First, they served as God's representatives to mankind through their teaching. How did they do this? Malachi 2:7 states: "The lips of the priest are to furnish knowledge, and the law is to be sought out of his mouth, for he is the messenger of Jehovah of armies". It was explained in detail and made clear so that the people could understand what was being read. This enabled the Israelites to apply God's law and to draw close to Jehovah. - Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Second, the priests represented the people in God's presence by offering animal sacrifices so that the people could receive forgiveness for their sins. The Israelites knew that they were daily sinners, and they needed help to correct their sins. (Ps. 51:9) Jehovah's priestly arrangement for animal sacrifices met that need.

What scholars believe about the Bible

6 Jehovah has always wanted peace with his faithful servants

4. What important assignment did Jehovah give the priests in Israel?

5. In what way did the priests represent humans before God, and what does this teach us about Jehovah?

6. In the days of the patriarchs, what did the heads of households do that resembled that of the priests?

September 2026 21

(Gen. 8:20) Abraham built altars on which he offered sacrifices to Jehovah. (Gen. 12:7, 8) Job also offered burnt offerings for his sons. (Job 1:5) That is why some of Jehovah's servants were called priests before he chose the Levites to serve as priests over Israel. Jehovah said: "The priests [family heads] who regularly approach Jehovah must cleanse themselves, that Jehovah may not punish them". - Deuteronomy 19:22.

7 The first person directly mentioned in the Bible as a priest was Melchizedek. (Gen. 14:18) He also served as a priest, and Jehovah later promised that the Messiah would be a king and priest like Melchizedek, and that his rulership would benefit mankind forever. - Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 As mentioned earlier, when the nation of Israel became a nation, Jehovah appointed a priesthood and gave the Law through Moses. Aaron, Moses' brother, and his descendants were appointed to serve as priests. (Ex. 40:12-15) The priesthood function was to offer sacrifices. The high priest offered sacrifices for the entire nation, while the other priests offered sacrifices for the individual Israelites.

7. Who was Melchizedek, and what did he have in common with the Messiah?

8. Who were the priests in Israel, and what were their duties?

9 When Jesus was baptized, he became the High Priest, serving at Jehovah's great spiritual temple. (Heb. 8:1) Years later, he gave his perfect life as a perfect sacrifice for mankind's sins. 1:3, 4; 2:9) When they are resurrected to heaven, they will work with Jehovah and Jesus to restore obedient mankind to perfection and to make the earth a paradise.

10 As we have seen, from ancient times, Jehovah provided a priestly arrangement to help people draw close to him. The numerous sacrifices offered reminded faithful Israelites of the need for a ransom.

WHAT SCIENCE Gives Us From Jehovah

11 The priesthood arrangement shows that Jehovah cares deeply about his people

9-10. Who will serve as priests with Jesus during his Millennial Reign?

11. How does the priesthood arrangement show that Jehovah wants us to draw close to him?

22 thoughts on "How to Become a Witness"

Even though sin has caused a great deal of pain between Jehovah and mankind, Jehovah wants us to approach him freely in prayer, to do what is pleasing to him, to be his friends, and to be freed from sin and death. (2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we are not sinners, but we have sinned against him, and that we can show him mercy, and that is why he has arranged for us to approach him.

The Bible describes Christ, our High Priest, as our "Helper" at the Father's side, who intercede for us when we sin (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25). What would Jesus look at before he interceded for you? Because Jesus knows what you are thinking, how you are feeling, how frequently you pray to Jehovah for forgiveness, and how hard you are trying to do the right thing, we can be confident that Jehovah is willing to accept Christ's ransom sacrifice and to show us mercy and forgiveness. (Ps. 86:5) We can be sure of this because Jehovah himself has appointed Jesus as our Comforter.

12. (a) Why is it comforting to know that Jesus, the High Priest, intercedes for us? (b) How can we benefit from Jesus' example?

Our High Priest Jesus appreciates our good deeds; he knows why we do them, how we ask Jehovah to forgive us, and our efforts to do what is right (See paragraph 12)

13 The priestly office gives us confidence that Jehovah wants us to approach him freely. (Read Hebrews 4:16.) As our High Priest, Jesus also gives us the opportunity to approach Jehovah freely. (Rom. 8:26) Even in such situations, Jehovah knows what we are going through and helps us. As our loving Father, we need to open our heart to him at all times.

14 The priesthood arrangement reflected Jehovah's desire for everlasting life. (Ezek. 33:11) The sacrifices of animals offered by God's worshippers in the past did not completely remove sin. (Heb. 7:19) Yet, such sacrifices represented the perfect sacrifice of Christ Jesus, which makes it easy for Jehovah to forgive our sins and to open the way to everlasting life for obedient humans.

(Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) Yes, by remaining loyal to Jehovah and showing loyalty to all mankind, we can be confident that under the Thousand Year Reign, we will be lovingly helped to become perfect and free from the sin we inherited from Adam and Eve. With the help of Jesus and his fellow rulers, all mankind will be made perfect, as Jehovah purposed. - Rev. 22:1, 2.

16 Christ, our High Priest, understands the hardships we face, and he feels for us because he experienced similar situations when he was on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) Consider: Have you at times felt overwhelmed with fatigue? Since we have a high priest who has compassion for us,

17 The 144,000 priests will also understand us as they work with Jesus to make mankind perfect. These men and women were also imperfect and sinful when they were on earth.

13. (a) What is another reason why Jehovah has appointed Jesus as our High Priest, and how does this benefit us when we pray? (b) How can we benefit from Jehovah's appointment of Jesus as our High Priest?

14. How does Jesus' sacrifice show that Jehovah wants us to live forever?

15. How do those chosen by Jehovah to be Kingdom priests demonstrate his love for us?

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 show that the High Priest appointed by Jehovah is perfect?

17. Why can we be sure that anointed ones will understand humans when they help them to become perfect?

What is the meaning of life?

What a wonder! Those 144,000 are chosen from every generation, nation, tribe, and class.

18 All that we have learned from Jehovah's arrangement of priests shows us that Jehovah is willing to serve, compassionate, caring, and understanding. Our enemy, Satan, is always trying to destroy us, but Jehovah is not.

19 Jehovah's priestly arrangement assures us that when we feel inferior because of our imperfections, he understands what we are, and he knows that we are dust. (Ps. 103:14) Jehovah's focus is not on our imperfections, but on our qualities and on who we are trying to become.

20 We have also learned that Jehovah has made a priestly arrangement so that we can serve him in an acceptable way. He is eager to have a close relationship with us. This loving arrangement has preserved the deep bond between him and his faithful servants and has made it easy for them to approach him.

18. What does Jehovah's priesthood arrangement teach us about him, and how does this make you feel?

19. How does Jehovah view us when we feel insignificant?

20. Why do you appreciate Jehovah's priestly arrangement, and what are you determined to do?

How would you respond?

■ Why did Jehovah arrange a priesthood for mankind?

■ What priests did Jehovah use at different times?

■ How do you feel about Jehovah because of the priesthood?

SONG 16 Praise Jah for the Messianic Kingdom

He was born November 30, 2026

PSALM 22 The Kingdom Is Coming - Let It Come!

DISCUSSION This article will identify three dangers and how to avoid them.

Beware of the Spirit of the World

All things in the world . . . do not originate with the Father. 1 JOHN 2:16.

(Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) This does not mean that Satan himself is ubiquitous at all times. The Bible does not say that faithful angels or demons possess this power, but that Satan is supported by millions of wicked angels, who are demons. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16) Even those who do not believe in Satan do what he pleases when they are influenced by the spirit of the world, who is described as being held alive by Satan to do his will. - 2 Tim. 2:26.

2 In the past, many of us lived as many people in the world do, but when we learned who is influencing their thinking and actions, what changes did we make? We followed the Bible's counsel to reject ungodliness and worldly desires.

1. How does Satan influence many people in the world today? (1 John 2:15, 16)

2-3. (a) What is the difference between Jehovah's servants and those who are influenced by the world's spirit? (b) What must we be on guard against?

26

We are easily influenced by the spirit of the world (See paragraph 5)

How pleased Jehovah is when we resist the world's spirit!

3 Nevertheless, we need to be vigilant because the world around us can gradually influence our thinking and actions, as has happened to some who have made significant changes in their lives to serve Jehovah. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) This article will give some suggestions on how to resist the world's spirit.

WHAT is the world in general?

4 In the Bible, the spirit of the world refers to the attitude and thinking of people who do not love God, who are influenced by the spirit of the world, who are selfish, and who are often unwilling to live in harmony with Jehovah's moral standards.

5 The Bible reveals that Satan is deceiving the entire inhabited earth, and the world's spirit is one of his primary means of doing so. (Rev. 12:9) The apostle Paul likened the spirit of the world to the Devil. (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.)

4. What is the spirit of the world, and how do those who are influenced by it act?

(Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also picture.)

September 2026 27

Just as the spirit of the world is perishable, so also the spirit of the world is perishable. Let us see how we can avoid it.

THE WORLD of the People

6 The Bible foretold that in the last days, people would be callous, haughty, and disloyal. (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Such negative attitudes are evident in the speech of many people today, such as in the news reports of hurtful gossip, strife, and violence; in many households, marital separation, child abuse, and the use of abusive language by young and old alike. (Eph. 5:3, 4) Such practices show that they are influenced by the spirit of the world.

(Jas. 1:26, 27) Ask yourself: 'Do I use offensive language when I am angry or when dealing with people who do not know that I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses?

8 If we recognize that the world's spirit is influencing our speech, we need to adjust our speech, but that is not all. Remember, Jesus said: "The things that come out of the mouth come from the heart, and those things are what defile a person". (Matt. 15:18) Jesus said that what we say reveals our thoughts and feelings. (Eph. 4:31) If you feel that you need to overcome such traits, pray to Jehovah to help you to put on the new personality more fully. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.)

How to live a normal life

9 Another aspect of the world's spirit today is the unwillingness of many to conform to Jehovah's standards of morality. Many people endorse abortion, premarital sex, and homosexuality, and even abuse it. (Isa. 5:20) If we are not careful, the spirit of the world can gradually lead us to believe that such things are harmless. (2 Cor. 11:3) We may even think that such things are harmless.

6. How is the spirit of the world reflected in people's speech today?

7. What questions may we ask ourselves about our communication?

8. What can we do to avoid unwarranted speech? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. How do many today view Jehovah's moral standards?

28 The Watchtower

Jehovah's ways are superior to those of man, and with time they do not become obsolete. - Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

10 Those who want to please Jehovah must hate what he hates. (Ps. 97:10) So ask yourself: 'Do I feel that Jehovah's moral standards limit my ability to live my life? Does my choice of entertainment reflect my desire for what Jehovah hates? Do I feel that Jehovah changes his standards so that I can live my life the way I want?

Remember, none of us are perfect, and we all have imperfections at times. (Ps. 51:5; 103:14) But you can choose to do what is right and avoid the desires of the flesh. (Eph. 2:3) Moreover, if you notice that you have improper desires in your mind, you can quickly put your eyes and mind off what Jehovah hates. (Gen. 39:9, 12) Then, consider how such things can affect your relationship with Jehovah and with others, and be determined not to destroy that precious relationship. (Eph. 5:5) With Jehovah's help, you can learn to hate what is bad.

How to deal with the dangers of the Internet

12 Although many of us use the Internet in our daily lives and even in our worship of Jehovah, there are many things on the Internet that promote the spirit of the world. For example, pornography is so popular on the Internet that it is readily available to children and adults alike. Such pictures, videos, and scriptures can make us feel that we need to spend more time on recreation and travel, even if doing so makes our worship difficult. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 We need to be careful not to spend too much time on the Internet or to influence our thinking and actions, so we can ask ourselves: 'How much time do I spend browsing the Internet, viewing photos, videos, and other unnecessary things?'

10. What questions will help us to determine whether we hate what Jehovah hates?

11. How can you hate what Jehovah hates?

12. How does the world's spirit manifest itself in the Internet?

13. What questions may we ask ourselves about our use of the Internet?

September 2026 29

(Ps. 119:37) Do I immediately believe everything I hear or see on the Internet, or do I pretend to know the truth? - Prov. 14:15.

14 To resist the world's spirit, parents need to keep an eye on their children's use of the Internet. (Eph. 6:4) Researchers report that teenagers who spend more time on social media are more likely than others to experience loneliness, anxiety, and depression.

You CAN HAVE A FIRE for the whole world!

15 If you notice that you are being influenced in some way by the spirit of the world, take the necessary steps to correct the situation.

* Names in this article have been changed.

14. How can we resist being influenced by the world's Internet?

15. (a) What did you learn from Gloria's experience? (b) How did you learn from Gloria's experience?

How can you resist the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15)

What is the meaning of life? 30 GΒΕΤΑΚΡΩΧΟ

What did Gloria do? She says: "I started to devote more time to personal study and prayer, and I stopped associating with people who do not serve Jehovah. Although I am now wealthy, Jehovah has blessed me in many ways.

16 Consider, too, the experience of Robert, who was influenced by his classmates and by immoral entertainment that led him to become addicted to tobacco, alcohol, and homosexuality. "I felt free to do whatever I wanted to do", he says.

16. What have you learned from Robert's experience?

How does Robert feel now? He says: "Every day when I wake up, I am reminded that I live a clean life that is far different from what I used to live. This is a blessing that brings me great joy and satisfaction".

17 What we have learned from this article is that we must resist the spirit of the world, which includes false talk, immorality, and harmful Internet content. Despite the world's strong influence, do not let your father be discouraged. You can avoid it. Jehovah is far more powerful than Satan and his wicked system. (Read 1 John 4:4) In addition, Jehovah will give you his most powerful holy spirit to help you resist the world's spirit. (Luke 11:13) May all of us be determined to continue walking by God's spirit and to resist the spirit of the world! - Gal. 5:16.

17. Why are you convinced that you can resist the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

HOW can we be sure that the world's churches will not be disappointed in these matters?

■ How we communicate

■ Our way of life

■ How we use the Internet

124th Song of the Bible

We Will Be Loyal

The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. Jehovah's Kingdom is the Kingdom of God

What is the meaning of life?

From this chapter

Study Issue for November 2-8, 2 Believe in the Protection of Jehovah

9-15 November 8 How to Cultivate a Humble Heart

Jehovah's People Preach the Good News to People of All Languages

20 Jehovah's Priestly Regime Reveals His Love

Study Issue for November 30 to December 6

What the Bible Says

Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts.

Colossians 3:15 speaks of the peace of the Christ, which is the inner peace that comes from being a follower of Christ, the love of Jehovah and his Son. - John 14:23, 27.

The apostle Paul exhorted Christians in Colossae to have the peace that governs their hearts, that is, their innermost being.

For example, if there is disagreement between us and a fellow believer, let the peace of Christ rule in our hearts. Let the peace of Christ rule in our hearts, as it teaches us. - Colossians 3:12-14.

It is part of a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary donations.

The cited passages are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org, or scan this code on your computer

JW.ORG ®

w26.09