October 2026

The Watchtower

It Announces the Rise of Jehovah's Kingdom

Lessons learned:

What is the meaning of the words "the earth" and "the heavens"?

1926

A Hundred Years After

THE January 1, 1926, issue of The Watchtower stated that God would soon reveal himself to all mankind as the Almighty.

In 1926, by means of Jesus Christ, the Head of the congregation, Jehovah made it clear to Christians that the preaching work was to be the first priority in their lives. Thus, the faithful and discreet slave made new publications, adjusted the way meetings were held, and made clear to the brothers what the proper identification of Christians was.

A Few Writers Were Born, And How They Came to Be

In April, The Golden Age, now known as Awake!, announced the release of a new book called Deliverance, which would replace Studies in the Scriptures in the field ministry. In order to provide the needed literature for the field ministry, the Bethel family purchased a new printing press that could print 22 books in one minute.

For many years, the Bible Students studied the book Studies in the Scriptures at the beginning of the study session, but from May 1926 onward, they began to study The Watchtower.

The Little Bunker Hill congregation in Illinois sent a letter to Brother Rutherford saying: Little Bunker Hill Congregation greets you. On Sunday, we study what Jehovah's organization has prepared for us to study.

For example, one Watchtower study explained that while it is appropriate to display good manners, to treat people with kindness, and to show respect, we should not neglect the most important work. The article stated: If one loves the Lord, he must observe his commandments.

Another study in The Watchtower emphasized that true Christians show their deep love for Jehovah by serving him wholeheartedly and encouraged the Bible Students to share the good news with others, whether in the water or during the day. - Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

A few weeks later, a letter from a congregation appeared in The Watchtower of July 15, 1926, stating: Two recent Watchtower studies

2 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Now we not only read The Watchtower but also study it. The letter added: Now, when we have a meeting, everyone wants to participate, and this is a great benefit to our congregation.

We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious, We Are Religious,

At the end of May, many Bible Students attended an assembly in London, England, at a time when unemployment in Britain was at its peak, and it was difficult to find a publishing company.

On Saturday, May 29, the brochure began to be used in the field ministry. On that day, the program's theme encouraged the brothers: Everyone who is baptized at this convention should preach to others about Jesus and his Kingdom.

The Watch Tower of July 15, 1926, reported: "The brothers were overjoyed to hear the good news of Jehovah and to prove themselves to be his Witnesses".

The next day, Brother Rutherford gave a talk at the Royal Albert Hall, entitled Why Thousands of World Leaders Are Believing to Solve the Problem. Immediately after the door was opened, 13,000 people filled the hall.

In his talk, Brother Rutherford explained that the world's rulers were struggling because they had rejected Jehovah and his Kingdom.

A True Story Revealed in India

While attending a convention in London, Brother Rutherford met Edwin Skinner, a pioneer from Sheffield, England.

Brother Skinner continued: "The next day I went to London.

A. The book Deliverance

B. Alexandra Palace in London

D. The Royal Albert Hall in London

Deliverance!

The A.

The B

and D.

E. George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner while serving in India

A. George Draper

What is it?

What is it?

When he asked me to serve in a foreign country, I would not hesitate. Indeed, when he arrived, Brother Rutherford asked him: If we say to go to India, will you go? Edwin replied: When do you want to go?

Three weeks later, in July, Edwin Skinner and George Wright sailed to India. Brother Wright, a zealous evangelizer, went to Bethel and was in charge of the entire country, including Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), and Persia (Iran).

THE WORK OF THE WISDOM is recognized by the WISDOM OF THE WISDOM

From about 1894 onward, Jehovah's organization sent delegates to visit the Bible Students, much like the circuit overseers do today. In July 1926, their work changed from a one-day trip to a two-day trip, and they were required to spend 100 hours a month in the field ministry.

In a letter to the congregation, the traveling overseer George Draper wrote: "Like guard dogs, Jehovah's servants need to warn people about the danger ahead. [Isa. 56:10] The study of The Watchtower will help us to do that, and that is my goal. Brother Draper completed his earthly ministry in 1938.

A congregation in the city of New York

The last major convention of the year was held October 14-18, 1926, in New York City. Brother Rutherford was to deliver a talk entitled "A Great World War Coming Soon".

On Thursday, October 15, Brother R. J. Martin released a new tract entitled Against the People, designed to expose the organization's activities and promote Brother Rutherford's speech. "We started printing our own printing presses", said Brother Martin. "Our brothers at Bethel will work day and night to print the 1,250,000 tracts and send them to the people at the beginning of the convention". By the evening, 300,000 tracts had been distributed.

On Saturdays and Sundays, more than 1,000,000 copies were distributed, along with 3,783 volumes of Deliverance and 35,140 booklets.

On Sunday, October 17, at three o'clock in the afternoon, some 12,000 people gathered to listen to Brother Rutherford's talk.

4 The Watchtower

F. A newspaper; announcing Brother Rutherford's talk entitled "The Great World War Coming Soon"

G. The convention held in October 1926 at Madison Square Garden in New York

More than 9,000 copies were distributed, so many books that had never been distributed before in any assembly.

A Blast at 117 Adams Street

In response to the growing demand for our literature, the brothers in Brooklyn who took the lead saw the need to expand our printing facility. For many years, a building was being rented at 18 Concord Street, where the printing press was located.

The building, at 117 Adams Street, was to be put into operation in 1927 to prepare the brothers for the coming expansion. In 1927, the congregation grew in numbers, and Jehovah continued to clean them up so that in 1931 they could be called Jehovah's Witnesses.

A printing facility located at 117 Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York

October 2026 5

December 7-13, 2026

PSALM 46

Thank You, Jehovah

What This Study Says

Why and how we should show appreciation.

Always Show Gratitude

Be thankful. - COL. 3:15.

JOHN,* a 95-year-old man who had suffered a serious illness, was constantly in the presence of people to care for him. Every day, John would thank someone who had visited him or even done something small for him. One of those watching said: "John was always happy and not complaining, even though his age and illness made him weak". John's experience shows that even when things don't go well, expressing gratitude gives us joy and reassurance.

2 Sadly, the Bible foretold that in the last days, people would become thankless. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) Some people forget to express gratitude when they are helped, while others feel that it is their responsibility to express gratitude.

The apostle Paul admonishes us: "We are not thankful people". (Col. 3:15) Instead, we should be grateful when someone does something for us or helps us.

* Name has been changed.

1. (a) What lesson do you learn from John's example? (b) How do we learn from John's example?

2. How do many people react today?

3. What will we consider in this article?

6

Gratitude brings joy and peace of mind (See paragraph 1)

To help us do this, let us consider three questions: (1) Why should we be grateful? (2) How can we increase our gratitude? (3) How can we show gratitude?

Why Do We Need to Be Careful?

The Bible says: "Every day is a bad day". (Prov. 15:15) At times, all of us are faced with problems that can cause us to be discouraged. Some problems are beyond our control, but how we deal with them is up to us.

4. What can happen if we are ungrateful?

The final part of Proverbs 15:15 says: "He that is joyful in heart is always present at a feast". A person with a joyful heart, even when faced with adversity, focuses on the positive things in his life and expresses appreciation.

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. When we express our gratitude to Jehovah in prayer for what he has done for us, we are not overwhelmed by anxiety.

5. Why is gratitude a source of happiness?

6. Why can we say that giving thanks to Jehovah brings us peace of mind? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

October 2026 7

Take time each day to reflect on Jehovah's blessings (See paragraphs 9-10)

(Matt. 6:25-34) Moreover, when we pray to Jehovah in painful times, express our gratitude, and pour out our heart to him, he will give us peace of mind, and we will feel refreshed.

7 Appreciation draws us closer to Jehovah, who has given us all the good things we have. (Read James 1:17) He has given us many gifts, including the ransom and the hope of everlasting life.

WHAT can we do to improve our quality of life?

(Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.) Reflecting on your past experiences will deepen your appreciation for Jehovah's blessings. - Ps. 103:2.

The Bible encourages us to be thankful for everything. (1 Thess. 5:18) Take time each day to reflect on how Jehovah is blessing you. You can do so at any time, whether in the morning, during the day, or in the evening, so that you do not become overwhelmed by anxiety. (Ps. 92:1, 2) As John, mentioned at the outset of this article, you can reflect on the good things that Jehovah has done for you.

7. How does gratitude affect our friendship with Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. How will meditating on Jehovah's good deeds benefit us? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What good things do Jehovah do for you each day? (See also picture.)

8 The Watchtower

10 First, meditate on what Jehovah has done for you that day. (Ps. 40:5) Meditate on Jehovah's spiritual support, how he answers your prayers, how his Word, the Bible, comforts you, how Bible-based publications, videos, and the JW Broadcasting show that he cares for you. (Acts 17:25) What else has Jehovah given you that you can be grateful for? - Eph. 5:20.

(Ps. 133:1; Prov. 18:24) Perhaps you have been helped or comforted by a willing brother or sister. (Prov. 12:25; 16:24) Even the small things that our brothers and sisters do for us are among many blessings that we should be grateful for. She hurried to me, took me by the hand and sang a song with me. My love for the brothers grew even stronger.

12 Reflecting on the good things Jehovah has done for you and on what he is continuing to do for you will deepen your heart's appreciation.

WHAT can we do to help?

13 Consider the history of creation on which this article is based. After exhorting us to show gratitude, the apostle Paul continued: "Whatever you do, whether in word or deed, do all things in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him". (Col. 3:15, 17) Paul was referring to giving thanks to Jehovah. How, then, can we show our gratitude to others by what we say or do? Let us consider some of them.

14 Express gratitude in your speech or in your words. Have the habit of expressing gratitude even for the smallest of things. When someone opens a door for you, encourages you, or commends you, you can express gratitude. At times, you can text, email, or write a thank-you note.

11-12. What blessings do we receive from Jehovah through our brothers and sisters?

13. How can we show our gratitude to others?

14. How can you show appreciation by your words or words? (See also picture.)

October 2026 9

How can you show appreciation in your words and actions? (See paragraph 14)

(1 Thess. 5:12, 13) At times, you can thank the wives of elders, who, instead of being able to do anything with their husbands, make sacrifices in order to be encouraged by their husbands in the congregation.

15 Above all, we can express our gratitude to Jehovah by praying to him from the bottom of our heart. (Eph. 6:18) Such prayers may include requests for strength to cope with trials, wisdom to make wise decisions, or forgiveness for many mistakes. We can ask ourselves: Are our prayers merely requests, or do we often thank Jehovah?

15. How can our prayers show our appreciation for what Jehovah has done for us?

When we do something for others, we are more than happy when we express our gratitude not only by words or words but also by expressing our gratitude in a specific way. (Acts 20:35) Moreover, when we do this, we make others feel loved, happy, and appreciative.

17 When we reflect on the many things that Jehovah has done for us, we too are moved to show deep appreciation for what he has done for us.

16. Why do we need specific expressions of appreciation for what others do for us?

17-18. How can we show Jehovah our appreciation for what he has done for us?

10 The Watchtower

18 As we learn about Jehovah and see what he has done for us, our appreciation for him grows, and we are moved to dedicate ourselves to him and get baptized. In addition, we continue to devote our time, energy, and resources to his service. (Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) When we do our best in Jehovah's service, we show our appreciation for what he has done for us. - Col. 3:23, 24.

19 Although we live in an unpopular world, we recognize the importance of being grateful. We know that expressing gratitude increases our happiness, deepens our thoughts, and, most of all, draws us closer to Jehovah. If we do so, we will have countless blessings from our appreciative God now and in the future. - Ps. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19. Why are you determined to be grateful?

Page 8: A sister in distress is reflecting on Jehovah's blessings, including a comforting account of sexual abuse.

WHAT would you say?

■ Why should you be grateful?

■ How can you increase your appreciation?

■ In what ways can you show gratitude?

PSALM 139

See Yourself in the New World

December 14-20, 2026

PSALM 143

Keep Active, Awake, and Watchful

What This Study Says

We will see how Jehovah is using us to perform three miracles in our day.

12

Appreciate the Privilege of Doing Miracles With Jehovah

By this all men will know that you are my disciples. - John 13:35.

(Matt. 15:31) But those miracles are not the same as they are today. Do you see any miracles happening? Yes, they are happening in the future. But what does it mean to perform miracles?

2 In this article, we will consider three miracles that Jehovah is performing among his people today. We can say that these are miracles because only Jehovah can allow them to happen. In each case, we will see how we can demonstrate that we are God's fellow workers. - Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

A Good Consciousness

3 More than 2,500 years ago, the prophet Isaiah foretold that the number of God's people would increase in our day. (Read Isaiah 60:22.)

1-2. (a) What are some of the rare miracles mentioned in the Bible? (b) What is a miracle, and what can each of us do? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can it be said that Jehovah's people have become a great nation? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also picture.)

Since 1914, the number of Jehovah's servants has increased dramatically (See paragraph 3)

2026 More than 9,000,000

1914 Approximately 5,000

There are more than 130 countries in the world with fewer than 5,000 people. Today, there are people who love and serve Jehovah worldwide than ever before in history. These people live in more than 240 lands.

4 We do not follow God's standards of conduct by studying the Bible and applying its counsel. Many of us have had to change our thinking and make drastic changes in our lives.

4. Why is the growth of Jehovah's servants remarkable?

After these changes, we became publishers and began to sincerely invite others to join us in the ministry. Eventually, we dedicated ourselves to Jehovah to do his will, whether in water or in the sun, and we were baptized. - Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 Jesus made it clear that if anyone wanted to become his disciple, he would not be disappointed. He said: "If anyone wants to follow me, let him not be self-sacrificing, but let him take up his cross and follow me continually". (Matt. 16:24) This meant that Jesus' disciples needed to know that because of Jesus' example, they could be hated, even killed. (Matt. 16:2) Jesus also foretold rain

5. What did Jesus say would happen to his disciples?

October 2026 13

Hated, Most Resisted

During World War II, Jehovah's Witnesses were met with widespread hatred, but the number of Witnesses increased dramatically.

Consider, too, what happened in the Netherlands during the war. The 1986 Yearbook reported: "Despite the imprisonment, deportation, and death of many Kingdom publishers, the number of Witnesses declined dramatically over the next two years, reaching 1,379 by 1943.

in the days when families will fall apart because of unbelief. - Matt. 10:34-36.

6 Jesus' words came true; the first-century Christians faced fierce opposition. Shortly after Jesus ascended to heaven, the Jewish religious leaders tried to stop the preaching of the good news. The apostles were arrested and brought before the Sanhedrin. (Acts 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Gamaliel may have felt that he was simply spreading his message, but he was telling the truth. Even after the apostles were released, the hatred of the religious leaders continued.

Why are these other disciples so determined to take up their cross? (Matt. 16:24) Because they love Jehovah and have faith in his promise to provide for them, Jehovah also gives them power beyond man's ability to endure family trials. (2 Cor. 4:7-9) If they are unhappy because of their faith, they feel like the psalmist who said: "Even if my parents reject me, Jehovah will save me". (Ps. 27:10) Despite the hardships and tribulations that people face before they become disciples of Jesus, the growth of faith is a marvelous miracle.

6. Why did opposers fail to stop the early Christians from preaching the good news?

7. How do Jesus' modern-day disciples imitate the early Christians? (See also the box "Hated, But Disregarded by Most".)

14 The Watchtower

8 Jehovah and Jesus are supporting us in this work, for Jesus assures us: "I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things". (Matt. 28:20) Moreover, we are supported in the preaching work by heavenly angels. - Rev. 14:6, 7.

A Life of Kindness

9 The prophet Micah foretold another marvelous event in our time - the unity of God's people - through the prophet Micah, who spoke of the women and men whom Jehovah would gather together to worship him unitedly. (Read Micah 2:12.) Today, the people of God's congregation are united despite their ethnic and cultural background, fulfilling the prophecy of Micah.

For example, no matter where we live, we all receive the same instruction at our meetings, assemblies, and conventions. Bethelites and Kingdom-builders all over the world come from different countries and speak different languages. Imagine, as part of a large family, wherever we go, we have brothers and sisters who are ready to provide for our material needs and who encourage us to continue serving Jehovah.

11 The unity that exists among us is marvelous, for the world is divided. Everywhere in the world you go, you hear rumors of strife, riots, riots, protests, violence, war, and so forth. (Rev. 3:2-4) Although the whole world is in the power of the wicked one, and he and his demons are constantly waging war against us, they will never be able to separate us; yet we continue to serve Jehovah joyfully together. (1 John 5:19; Rev. 12:9) What a marvel!

12 How can we maintain unity in Jehovah's organization by listening to and applying what Jehovah says? What we learn from the Bible helps us to cultivate patience, forgiveness, temperance, and kindness. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) Whenever we overlook the imperfections of our brothers, strive to avoid making mistakes, or forgive, we contribute to the unity of Jehovah's organization.

8. How can we support Jehovah's miraculous drawings into the congregation?

What indicates that the prophecy recorded at Micah 2:12 is being fulfilled today?

11. Why can we say that our unity is marvelous?

12. How can we contribute to the unity of Jehovah's organization?

Oct. 15, 2026

Jehovah's servants deeply love one another and their neighbors

(See paragraph 14)

if we were to allow Jehovah to work wonders through us in the congregation.

Worship

(Acts 2:44, 45) They prayed for their oppressed brothers and sisters. (Acts 12:5) They also helped widows and orphans. (Jas. 1:27) Even though they were in dire need, their brothers and sisters contributed when they were in need. (Acts 8:1-4) Historian Tertullian, who lived after the death of the apostles, said of the early Christians: See how much they loved each other and were willing to die for each other.

14 Like the love that existed among Christians in the first century, God's people today love one another. Even those who do not serve Jehovah, our love for one another grows so that we share the good news with them. By doing so, we are applying the apostle Paul's words: Comfort the depressed souls; support the weak; be long-suffering toward all. (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has drawn us into a large family whose members have deep love for one another and for one another.

15 Love among God's servants is remarkable, for the world is full of selfishness. The apostle Paul said that in the last days, people would be selfish, lovers of money, and lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God.

13. How did early Christians show love for one another? (John 13:35)

14. (a) How do God's people show love? (b) How do we show love?

* For example, see the article on jw.org entitled Contributing to Disaster Relief in 2022 Brotherly Love.

15. Why is the way we love one another remarkable?

16 The Watchtower

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus foretold that people would be self-sacrificing and hateful, and he also foretold that the love of many would grow cold. (Matt. 24:10, 12) When you consider what is happening in the world today, do you not see the truthfulness of Paul and Jesus' words?

16 We show love when we show appreciation for others and strive to maintain peace with them. (Mark 9:50) By continuing to show love in our speech and actions, we show that we are God's servants.

Do Not Rely on the Life You Have Lost

17 Our growth, unity, and love for one another are evidence of Jehovah's miraculous activity in our day. Despite the intense hatred, our love is growing.

18 In this troubled world, the love, unity, and mutual love among God's people is magnificent, and Jehovah's miracles give us greater assurance that his promises for the future will be fulfilled. (2 Pet. 3:13) May we never lose sight of the privilege of performing miracles in our time!

16. How can we show love for one another?

17. Why do you believe that Jehovah is performing miracles in our day?

18. In view of Jehovah's wonderful works, what should we be determined to do?

WHAT would you say?

■ How can we support Jehovah's miraculous attraction to his congregation?

■ How can we contribute to Jehovah's miraculous unity in the congregation?

■ How can we contribute to Jehovah's miraculous act of love in his congregation?

PSALM 154

True Love

December 21-27, 2026

PSALM 135

Jehovah's Request: Be Wise, My Son

What This Study Says

Making friends with those who love Jehovah will help young ones to remain loyal to Jehovah.

Two Things That Do Not Happen

The one shall not prevail over the other; but two shall be together against him. - Ecclesiastes 4:12.

WITHOUT Jehovah's servants, we recognize the importance of being loyal to Jehovah, but this is not easy, for the world is trying to alienate us from him. One way they do this is by trying to influence our view of friendship. For example, some may think that what matters most is not who they are, but how many of their friends they have. What about Jehovah and Jesus? Do they want us to be friends?

Shortly before his death, Jesus commended his faithful apostles, saying: "You are the ones that have stuck with me in my trials". (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) A true friend is there for you not only when things are going well but also in times of distress. (Prov. 17:17) Ecclesiastes chapter 4, verses 9-12,* shows that good friends help and comfort one another. (K) Read and encourage one another to do good. If you have good friends who can help you when you are tempted to do things that Jehovah does not want you to do

* Although this proverb is often used to refer to marriage, it is especially relevant to the benefits of friendship.

1. How does the world view friendship?

2. (a) What kind of friends did Jesus find? (b) According to Ecclesiastes 4:9-12, how can good friends help us?

18

By doing things in Jehovah's service together with your friends, you can accomplish something you never dreamed of doing, and your friendship can last.

3 How can making good friends help young ones to serve Jehovah faithfully? How can mature parents and brothers help young ones to make good friends? Let us consider some events in the life of the prophet Daniel.

Many People Have Helped Us to Serve Jehovah

4 Daniel's life in his homeland of Judah was in dire straits because the Jews had abandoned Jehovah's worship and pursued their own interests. Finally, about 620 B.C.E., Jehovah appointed King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon to rule over Judah.

The Bible shows that Daniel was determined in his heart to obey God's law. (Dan. 1:8) As a young boy, Daniel was likely helped to understand Jehovah's law and to make the decision to serve him.

6 The example of the prophet Jeremiah may have also encouraged Daniel to serve Jehovah more fully. Consider: Jehovah appointed Jeremiah as his prophet some 647 B.C.E. and he began his ministry before Daniel was born. (Jer. 1:2) Many of those whom Jeremiah preached to were members of the royal family, including some of the most prominent members of Daniel's family. (Jer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) How Jeremiah courageously carried out his assignment despite the disregard of Jehovah's worship by those around him must have taught Daniel a lesson that gave him courage.

7 Indeed, Daniel's parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of Jehovah encouraged him deeply to serve Jehovah.

8 Parents today can likewise help their children to develop a friendship with Jehovah.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. What challenge did Daniel face as a young man?

5-6. Who may have helped Daniel to make the decision to serve Jehovah?

7-8. How can mature parents and brothers help young ones to serve Jehovah faithfully?

October 2026 19

Have I helped them to learn how to respond when their schoolmates pressure them to do something they do not want to do? Have I also taught them to be prepared to stand on Jehovah's side when the great tribulation arrives? When young ones associate with exemplary ones like Jeremiah, their faith in Jehovah is strengthened and their loyalty to him is strengthened.

Help Many to Believe in Jehovah's Word in Times of Need

9 When Daniel and some young Hebrews were transported to a foreign land, they faced unprecedented trials. Soon afterward, they were forced by the Babylonians to learn their language and culture, and they were trained to be able to serve at the royal court.

10 At their first trial, the king may have suggested that Daniel and the other young men should eat the same foods that were forbidden under the Mosaic Law. (Dan. 1:5, 8) The young men would have wanted to be enslaved and could have ignored God's law.

11 Only four of the young Hebrews whom the king chose to train were loyal to Jehovah - Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. These four friends helped each other to resist temptation and remain loyal to Jehovah.

12 If you are a young person, do you ever feel pressured to do something that you do not know? Daniel and his friends helped each other to make good decisions, and you too should associate with those who are determined to remain loyal to Jehovah and separate from the world. (1 John 2:15-17) Good friends can help you to be loyal to Jehovah even in small matters and earn his blessing.

RELATING THE TRUTH of the Bible, Many People Have Been Helped to Increase Our Faith

13 True friends can help us to cope when we face serious trials or trials.

9. What challenge did Daniel and some Hebrew youths face in Babylon?

10. What was the first test that Jewish youths faced?

11. (a) How did Daniel and his companions cooperate with one another? (b) How did Daniel and his companions cooperate with one another?

12. What will help young ones to resist temptation?

13. What severe trial did Daniel and his companions face?

20 The Watchtower

And the king said to them, Tell me the dream, and tell me the interpretation of it; for what kind of man is able to do it? (Dan. 2:3, 9-11) And the king said to them, If the interpretation of the dream and the interpretation of the dream are not made known, then the dragon shall not be put to death, but they shall be put to death; and Daniel and his companions shall be put to death, for they were among the wise men of Babylon. What did Daniel and his three companions do during all these trials?

14 Daniel went to the king and begged him to give him some time to interpret the dream, and he told his friends about the dream. The Bible says: "He told them to pray to the God of the heavens and to have mercy on them in regard to this secret, so that Daniel and his companions might not be killed along with the rest of the wise men of Babylon". (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah also had compassion on them and listened to their prayer, so Daniel and his companions were saved, and the king honored them with a high position in Babylon. - Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

15 There are many lessons to be learned from this experience: First, seek help when you are faced with a trial; never be discouraged by pride or shame; and second, do not hesitate to ask others to pray for you. (2 Cor. 1:11) Remember, too, that Jehovah may be amazed at your prayers and at what others do for you.

The Greatest Person Who Can Help Us in Every Way

16 When we face a trial, when we are alone, and when we are unconcerned and unconcerned, Jehovah is with us.

14. (a) How did Daniel and his companions help one another? (b) How did Daniel and his companions help one another?

15. What lesson do we learn from Daniel and his companions? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What test did Daniel face in his old age?

How did Daniel's friends help him to cope when he faced a serious challenge? (See paragraph 14)

Do you really think that God's friends are lonely? (See paragraph 18)

When Daniel was about 90 years old, the Medes and Persians invaded Babylon and caused King Darius to conquer it. Some in the king's palace were jealous of Daniel's position and plotted to kill him. But was he really left alone? - Dan. 6:4-16.

17 Daniel chapter 6, verses 19-23 describes how Jehovah miraculously delivered Daniel. (Read.) When the enemy threw him into the lions' den, Jehovah sent an angel to protect him. The next day, when the king went into the lions' den, Daniel said: "My God has sent his angel and has shut the mouths of the lions, . . . because he has found me righteous in his eyes".

18 Similarly, we may be isolated or isolated from our friends, needing to move to a different location for congregation meetings, for health reasons, or being imprisoned for our faith. In such situations, it is important to remember that as Jehovah's friends, he will never distance himself from us, and he promises to protect and care for us wherever we go.

PEOPLE with whom we live will never die

19 We need to make good friends because the Bible warns us that in these last days, we will not be able to make good friends.

17. According to Daniel 6:19-23, how did Daniel benefit from the close association between Jehovah and Daniel?

18. (a) Why is it important to be Jehovah's friend, and how can we do so? (b) How can we be Jehovah's friend?

19. Why is it especially important to make good friends now? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 The Watchtower

(Read 1 Thessalonians 5:11) The apostle Peter urged us to love one another deeply because the end of all things is near. - 1 Pet. 4:7, 8.

20 True friends are a gift from Jehovah, and we need them especially now. Follow Daniel's example and make friends. You should make friends with those in your congregation who can give you encouragement and guidance like Jeremiah's. You should make friends with those who will help you to remain faithful to Jehovah.

20. When choosing good friends, what must we be careful of, and what will be the result?

DESCRIPTION: Daniel and his friends helped each other to resist temptation and remain faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah - Our Father, God, and Friend

If you find it difficult to see Jehovah as a reliable Father, what can you do?

• Speak to Jehovah: Jehovah wants you to open your heart to him in prayer.

• Let Jehovah speak to you: Reading the Bible and having a personal study will help you to appreciate his wonderful qualities and how he has helped his servants in the past.

• Be patient: Remember, trusting someone and becoming a close friend is not an easy task.

For more information, see chapter 35 of the book Questions Young People Ask - Answers That Work, Part 2.

HOW many people can come to us . . .

■ in the face of temptation?

■ when faced with a serious problem?

■ when lonely?

PSALM 161

I Will Happily Do Your Will

What is the meaning of life?

PSALM 162 The Word Became Food

What This Study Says

Why it is important to speak regularly and how to do so.

Examining the Scriptures Daily

They accepted the word and diligently examined the Scriptures daily. - Acts 17:11.

IN 1905, Jehovah's organization published a book entitled Heavenly Manna for the Family of Faith, which was published in many languages using a series of essays and articles from Zion's Watch Tower, which provided a series of essays and commentaries for daily reading.

2 In 1986, the congregation began publishing the discussion material in a booklet called Examining the Scriptures Daily, which is now available in more than 300 languages, including the JW Library® app, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY (wol.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library.

3 Since some of us find it difficult to practice regular speech because of lack of sleep, let us consider three questions: First, what Bible examples can motivate us to practice regular speech, second, how can doing so benefit us, and, finally, what suggestions can help us to improve our daily speech?

* In languages where the Yearbook had not been translated, the monthly edition of The Watchtower contained the full text of the daily text, indicating where the commentary could be found.

1-2. (a) What publication did Jehovah's organization make available for daily meditation? (b) Where can we find the perpetual message today?

3. What may make it difficult for us to keep up with the daily text, and what questions will we consider in this article?

24

Evidence from the Bible

(Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Bereans, who listened to the apostle Paul, were willing to listen to whatever he said, so the Bible describes them as being reasonable and "receptive". Paul's teachings were compared with the Scriptures and proved to be true. This shows that the speaker is telling the truth.

5 The Bereans became believers. (Acts 17:12) But there was a problem: Jews from Thessalonica came to Berea with slanderous reports about the apostle Paul, causing the newly converted Bereans to oppose the people of Berea. (Acts 17:13) However, they were not intimidated.

WHY Is It Important to Be Daily?

6 Each day, we express our love for Jehovah and our appreciation for his worship.

Bible Examples of Everyday Service to Jehovah

• The Mosaic Law required that Jehovah's people offer sacrifices daily. - Ex. 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the book of the Law and to meditate on it day and night. - Josh. 1:8.

• Jehovah instructed the kings of Israel to observe the Mosaic Law and to meditate on it daily. - Deut. 17:18-20.

• The psalmist admonished us to read God's law and to meditate on it day and night. - John 1:1-3.

• Daniel prayed three times a day. - Dan. 6:10.

• The book of Revelation describes a great crowd as rendering sacred service to God day and night. - Rev. 7:15.

(John 3:16) The wonderful examples recorded in the Bible show that Jehovah's heart is satisfied when we serve him. Many brothers and sisters have found that by making a daily decision, they have time to pray, read, and meditate.

7 We show that we are using our time wisely by speaking daily. (Read Ephesians 5:5.)

4. When the apostle Paul preached to the Bereans, what did they do? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did the Beroeans benefit from daily scrutiny?

(See the accompanying box, Bible Examples of Everyday Worship.)

7-8. What new reason should we have for regular conversation each day? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

October 2026 25

15, 16) It is best to set aside some time each day to study about Jehovah and to seek his guidance.

8 Jesus said that each day has its own problems. (Matt. 6:34) That statement is true; we face many problems every day. Yet, wherever that statement is found, Jesus assures us that Jehovah is aware of our situation and that he knows what we need. (Matt. 6:25-32) Regular prayer helps us to put our minds off our problems and focus on Jehovah's help. Then he looked at the daily text of that day, Psalm 86:5. It says: "O Jehovah, you are good and ready to forgive; your loving-kindness is abundant to all who call upon you".

9 The daily text often reminded us to trust in Jehovah when faced with adversity. (Prov. 3:5, 6) Consider what happened in Ukraine. On the day of the Russo-Ukrainian war, the daily text was Isaiah 30:15. After praying, we realized that we had the extraordinary strength to cope. A sister named Svitlana said: "The words of Isaiah 30:15 were exactly what we needed.

10 Our daily routine strengthens our determination to be loyal to Jehovah. We need courage to be ashamed of our fellow students and coworkers. We also need courage to share Bible truths with others and to be loyal to Jehovah when we face trials. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) By regularly reading the Bible and reading it daily, we gain courage and keep our faith strong.

11 Our daily ministry helps us to grow spiritually. Paul urged young Timothy to strive to grow in speech, conduct, love, faith, and chastity. (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) Daily ministry gives us the opportunity to reflect on how we can grow spiritually.

12 The daily prayer of every day prepares us for every assignment in the house of Jehovah.

9. How did the daily text help the brothers in Ukraine?

10. Why do we need courage, and how can we cultivate it? (Joshua 1:6-9) (See also picture.)

11. How does regular prayer help us in our service to Jehovah?

12. (a) What opportunities are open to those who love Jehovah, and how do they prepare for such privileges? (b) How can we prepare for such privileges?

26 The Watchtower

Reading the Bible daily gives us courage (See paragraph 10)

We need brothers who are qualified to serve as pioneers, missionaries, as well as those who serve at Bethel, in the construction of congregation buildings, and in translation facilities. We need young men who are diligent and humble to serve as ministerial servants, elders, and circuit overseers. (Ps. 1:13-15) By regularly sharing in the Christian ministry, you will learn how to apply Bible principles and will be prepared for any assignment in the congregation.

How We Can Help

13 How can you do that? Every Monday to Friday morning, the entire Bethel family meets for a brief prayer, concluding with the daily text. Before you make the regular text, you can pray to Jehovah for help to understand what you are reading and how to apply it. (Jas. 1:5) After reading the scripture and its explanation, ask yourself: 'How will this day help me to build my faith? If I face a problem during the day, how will this daily text help me to cope? If you and your family or friends share in the day's talk, you can use it to encourage each other. (Rom. 1:12) Some do so by summarizing the day's talk in three or four words.

14 When considering other ways to present the daily text, consider the following: (1) The main points of the daily text.

13. How can you be a regular witness?

14-15. In what other ways can you share in the daily ministry, and what will help you to remember?

Oct. 27, 2024

What will help you to avoid distractions by sharing regularly in the Kingdom-preaching work? (See paragraph 18)

(2) Read the opening paragraph of the daily text. (3) Find the source of the opening paragraph on which the daily text is based. (4) Include the opening paragraph of the daily text in the Study Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses. (5) Include the opening paragraph of the Watchtower Study.

15 A young sister named Mackenzie said something that helped her to remember the daily text: "Even 5 minutes to add to the time spent in the daily text helps me not to rush.

16 When can you make the daily part of the ministry?

* A link to the deleted edition of The Watchtower reads as follows: See the year and month of issue of The Watchtower, as well as the pages and paragraphs from which the commentary on the daily text was deleted.

16. When can you make the daily part of the ministry?

For example, some families have the daily text at breakfast or before taking their children to school. To help them remember, they place a copy of the booklet Examining the Scriptures Daily on their desk, where they will always remember it.

John, a 16-year-old brother, says: "I've tried, I've done it, and I've never done it before. So if you don't do the regular schedule before you do anything else that day, look at yourself, and the next day, you'll find that you haven't done it". He says: I try to do the regular text every morning before the day's activities take up my time. A 21-year-old brother named Rogelio says: I use my phone to remind myself to do the regular text every day.

17-18. Why should you set a specific time for the daily study, and what can help you to avoid getting carried away? (See also picture.)

28 What Does It Mean to Be a Witness?

Isabelle, a 19-year-old sister, says: Dedicate your life to using your cell phone if you do not finish the daily text. If you use your cell phone regularly, use the printed text if possible. Olivia, a 19-year-old sister, says: One of the most helpful things is to have a conversation with someone; it can be with family or friends. If anyone reminds you at all times to hold fast to the everlasting word, it will not be forgotten.

HELP YOUR CHILDREN and YOUR CHILDREN to Cope with Everyday Life

19 Parents, if you make it your habit to share the Word of God with your children each day, they will be involved in it and will continue to do so even as they grow older.

19. How does sharing the daily text with parents help children? (Philippians 1:9, 10) Illustrate.

20 Jesus said: "Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every utterance coming forth through Jehovah's mouth".

Make sure that your faith is firmly established

WHAT convinced you that when you studied the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses, you found that there is only one form of worship that God wants us to worship? (Eph. 4:4-6) Did Jehovah's Witnesses attract you to them because of their love for one another or because of their honesty and fine conduct?

But what if a Christian brother or sister has offended you, showed no love for you, or committed a serious sin, such as the one in the congregation in Corinth in the apostle Paul's day? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you allow others to speak or act against your faith, it is a sign that your faith has a weak foundation.

HOW will you strengthen your faith?

As you continue to search for evidence that what you have learned from the Bible is true, you will strengthen your faith.

When Jesus told his disciples to eat his flesh and drink his blood, many of his disciples said, "This is too much to say".

When he said this, many of them stumbled, and they left him.

"Do you also want to go? " he asked". Lord, " Peter replied". To whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life. We have believed and come to know that you are the Holy One of God".

Peter replied: "We have believed and have come to know that you are the Holy One of God". These faithful apostles knew what they believed and why they believed.

However, the truths we have learned from the Bible, such as God's name, purpose, and the ransom, can never be changed by anyone's words or actions. If we truly believe what the Bible teaches and trust that Jehovah is guiding us, we will not let anyone stumble us from serving him.

We rejoice when our brothers and sisters show us love and kindness.

30 The Watchtower

If we do not stumble, we will not stumble because of our knowledge of the truth, but we will be convinced that we are in the truth, so that we will not stumble.

By maintaining a regular Bible study program, we will strengthen our faith in the truths we have learned from the Bible and will help us to recognize that we belong to the only religion that God accepts.

If the words or deeds of others destroy your faith, then the foundation of your faith is weak.

Never Stray from the Right Path

Imagine that you are taking a long road trip to a beautiful place.

If you are in a car accident or are in a car accident, if you are not comfortable with the way the driver talks to you or treats you, you should not be in the car. Instead, stay in the car until you reach your destination.

While we may feel deeply hurt at times by a fellow believer or by someone we consider to be a serious wrongdoer, this does not mean that we should not drive in this kind of car. We are in God's own congregation; we are no longer anywhere else.

The Watchtower

It Announces the Rise of Jehovah's Kingdom

What is the meaning of life?

What Does It Mean to Be a Witness?

1926One Hundred Years Ago 2

Study Issue for December 7-13 6

Always Show Gratitude

Study Issue for the Month of December 14-20 12

Appreciate the Privilege of Doing Miracles With Jehovah

The Study Issue for December 21-27 18

Two Things That Do Not Happen

Study Issue from December 28 to January 3 24

Examining the Scriptures Daily

Be Assured That Your Faith Is Grounded 30

This publication is available free of charge and is used to support a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary contributions.

Except where noted, entries in this book are taken from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

What is learning?

Jehovah Blessed Those With Faith

Not only did the manager refuse, but he also told her that from that day forward, she would work for five days instead of three, and that if she did not agree to the new arrangement, she would not be allowed to speak out.

After the meeting, after Emma left with her resignation letter, she went to the hotel manager. Hearing what had happened, the manager promised Emma that she would talk to the manager herself and resume her work. Two weeks later, however, Emma's manager told her to fire her. Interestingly, instead of working nine hours a day, she worked just four hours a day. This new arrangement proved to be far better than the previous one, allowing her to serve as a pioneer and in other ways in Jehovah's service.

Go to jw.org in English, or click this link on your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.10-TW