June 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

The date of the study is August 10SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

August 10-16, 2026

PSALM 122 Stand Firm, and Do Not Shake!

WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS: No matter what trials we face, we can remain loyal to Jehovah.

How Can We Remain Loyal to Jehovah in the Face of Trials?

"Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life". - John 6:68.

WHEN Jesus was teaching many disciples in Capernaum, he told them: "Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you; he that eats my flesh and drinks my blood has everlasting life, and I will raise him up on the last day". (John 6:53, 54) On hearing this, many of his disciples said: "These words are hot; who can listen to them?" - John 6:60.

2 The disciples were shocked and shocked to learn that Jesus was the prophet who was to come into the world. Surely this is the Prophet. (John 6:14) Clearly, those disciples had faith in Jesus, but when their faith was put to the test, they gave up.

When they had gathered together, Jesus asked them, "Do you want to leave too? " Peter answered", Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life. We have believed and know that you are the Holy One".

1-2. What occurred while Jesus was teaching in Capernaum?

3. How did the apostles respond to Jesus' words, and why? (See also picture.)

2

Even though many of the disciples left him, Peter and the other apostles continued to follow him.

(See paragraph 3)

(John 6:68, 69) Peter and the other apostles may have misunderstood Jesus' statement that they should eat his flesh and drink his blood, but they decided to continue following Jesus. Why, do you think? Because they were convinced that Jesus was the Christ sent by God. - Luke 9:20, 35.

4 Although we serve Jehovah, we may face tests of our integrity, such as changes in our understanding of a Bible text, changes in our way of preaching, changes in our attitude toward those taking the lead in our ministry, or when we face a serious problem.

4. What are some of these things that can tempt us?

5 We need strong faith in order to endure trials, such as building a building on a site that is often shaken by a violent earthquake. If the foundation is not solid, the building will collapse in an earthquake.

6 Many of Jesus' disciples did not turn away from his faith, but the apostles did. What helped them?

5. Explain why we need strong faith. (Colossians 1:23)

6. Why did the apostles not stop following Jesus?

June 2026

3

Now, instead of discussing the trials we may face, let us focus on three basic truths that will help us to cope with any challenge we may face: (1) Jehovah created all things, (2) Jehovah inspired the Bible, and (3) Jehovah supports his people.

JEHOVAH will do all things forever

7 Read Revelation 4:11. This scripture reminds us that Jehovah is the Creator. This fact alone proves that he is worthy of our worship. It also assures us that he is capable of delivering us when we are tempted. Otherwise, when we are faced with a trial, we may doubt Jehovah's existence and his ability to help us. - Heb. 11:6.

8 If you are faced with the idea that the universe was not created by Jehovah, consider the matter carefully. Do some careful research in our publications, and you will find more evidence that Jehovah created everything. You will find similar information in the brochure Was Life Created? and The Origin of LifeFive Questions Worth Asking.

7. What does Revelation 4:11 reveal about Jehovah, but what attitude can we have when we face trials?

8-9. What should you do if you feel that there is no Creator? (See also picture.)

Group of stars: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; fish and cars: Mercedes-Benz USA; aircraft: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

You may have read the brochure Was Life Created? before, but you can revisit it (See paragraph 8)

Jessica, a young woman in the United States, says: "After reading the brochure Origin of Life, my conviction about intelligent design was strengthened. I already knew this, but when I read it again, I became more convinced that there is a Creator. Chapters 6 and 7 of the book You Can Be Happy Forever! have also helped many.

9 So you can use your next personal study to further explore the evidence of God's existence, which will not only strengthen your faith in Jehovah but also help you to get to know him better. (Rom. 1:20) You can also use what you learn to help those who believe that God does not exist.

JEHOVAH is the Source of Bible Teaching

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. Jehovah's inspired Word, the Bible, provides answers to vital questions, reveals his will, and what he requires of us.

11 Why can we be confident that Jehovah

10. Why is the Bible so important to us? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. What convinces you that the Bible is inspired by God?

(Luke 3:1, 2) It is also accurate when describing creation. (Job 26:7) Although Satan has tried to destroy the Bible, his efforts have failed. Why? Because no other book on earth has been translated into more languages and is more widely available than the Bible. (Josh. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) Moreover, the fulfillment of many prophecies in the Bible is evidence that we can trust it.

12 What should we do if at times we have doubts about the Bible's authorship? We need to talk to Jehovah about it and do some research. Consider the experience of a young brother named Jordan, who was raised in the truth.

12. What should we do if at times we have doubts that the Bible was inspired by God?

June 2026

5

Jehovah's Witnesses are unique in that they are united by love and unity (See paragraph 16)

I am convinced. Keeping on searching for evidence that Jehovah inspired the Bible will strengthen our faith. 1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

HATE of Jehovah's Witnesses

13 At times, a worshipper of Jehovah may wonder whether Jehovah's Witnesses really believe in honesty. If so, respond promptly. You may ask yourself the following questions: Who are making the greatest effort to apply Bible counsel in their lives? Which religion bases all their teachings on the Bible? (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) Who are doing Jehovah's will today? Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 Jesus foretold that the good news of the Kingdom would be preached worldwide in the last days.

13. What should we do even if we feel that Jehovah's Witnesses are not honest?

14. How are Jehovah's Witnesses fulfilling Matthew 24:14?

Clearly, God is using Jehovah's Witnesses to accomplish the preaching work. We alone have been preaching the good news of God's Kingdom in more than 240 lands and territories for more than 100 years, and this preaching and teaching work is of utmost importance to us. - Matt. 28:19, 20.

15 Read Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10. We are called by God's name, Jehovah, and we are proud to be called Jehovah's Witnesses.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. Today, the world is filled with hatred and division.

15. How have Jehovah's Witnesses contributed to the sanctification of God's name? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. (a) Why can we conclude that the command found at John 13:34, 35 is applied by Jehovah's Witnesses? (b) How can we demonstrate that we are obedient to Jehovah's commands?

6 The Watchtower

Though we come from many different backgrounds, languages, and cultures, we strive to maintain peace and love among ourselves. Have you ever traveled to a meeting in another place?

Never Believe in Jehovah

17 We all live in the last days of the wicked system of things. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) In addition, we may face other challenges, such as decisions made by Jehovah's organization, directions given to us that we do not fully understand, or a situation in which we are deeply affected by the actions of a fellow believer.

18 We can remain loyal to Jehovah in all these circumstances because we believe that Jehovah, the Creator of the Bible, is the author and supporter of his people.

17-18. What challenge may we face, and what assurance can we have?

PICTURE PAGE 6: A mother and her daughter are on a bus trip and are delighted to see some of Jehovah's Witnesses engaged in the preaching work.

If we need to prove something, how will we be affected by the Bible's teachings?

■ Jehovah created all things

■ Jehovah inspired the Bible

■ Jehovah supports his people

PSALM 123 Submit Yourself to God's Organization

August 17 to 23, 2026

PSALM 90 Encourage One Another

What we can do when disagreements or conflicts arise with our brothers and sisters.

How to Maintain Peace With Our Brothers

"Clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, lowliness of mind, mildness, and long - suffering". - COL. 3:12.

HOW grateful we are to have Jehovah's special friends in his congregation! (Ps. 119:63) As a loving family, we are united in our worship.

2 We must remember that such friendships are not fruitless; they are hard work. We are a family that is united by love for Jehovah and for Jesus. (John 13:35) Moreover, because of the near extinction of a tree, bad friendships can sometimes lead to disagreements.

3 While we may have a tendency to prefer some to others, we may find it difficult to make friends with others, to disagree with one another, to disagree with one another, to visit one another, or to visit a Christian who is seriously ill or has suffered a serious medical condition, and that may cause discord. In this article, we will consider how

1. Where can we find good friends? 2. How should we treat our brothers and sisters? 3. Why can it be difficult to maintain friendships with our brothers and sisters?

8

Jesus' example can help us when conflicts arise with our brothers, but before we do so, let us consider some positive qualities that can help us to maintain good relations with our brothers.

A Good Lesson That Can Help Us to Be Better With Our Brethren

For example, the apostle Paul wrote to the Thessalonians: "We did our utmost to get to know you personally". (1 Thess. 2:17) Some have found that the best way to build friendships is through face-to-face communication. On the other hand, when conflicts arise between us and our brothers, a mere association with them may not solve the problem.

5 When disagreements arise with our brothers and sisters, good conduct can help us to resolve them. (Read Colossians 3:12) By displaying humility, patience, kindness, and compassion, we can resolve any disagreement that may arise with our brothers and sisters. This will help us to maintain good relations with our brothers and sisters.

WHEN YOU NEED to be in harmony with others

6 Why is it that disagreement can cause problems? If two people have a disagreement about a matter, they may agree that their opinion is correct. Suppose two brothers are organizing a field service for their group, and we say that we are, and we say that we are. They think that their opinion is better than the other.

7 Imitate Jesus' humility. Jesus taught his disciples that it is humility that can help them to resolve disputes. His disciples often argued about who was the greatest among them.

4. What can we do to keep our friendships strong?

5. What will help us to resolve any disagreement with our brothers and sisters? (Colossians 3:12) Illustrate.

6. What may be the result of disagreements?

7. How did Jesus help his disciples to see the need for humility when disagreements arise?

June 2026 9

If you are humble, you will overlook any minor grievances you may have with your brothers, and you will forgive them generously.

(See paragraph 8)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) In this way, Jesus showed them that they would not compromise their relationship with others, and that they would not disagree with each other and disagree with each other.

(Read Colossians 3:13.) When you disagree with someone, humility will help you to keep your relationship with him or her intact. (John 4:4) Remember, even if someone said something that hurt you, we can all say things that we may regret later. (Matt. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself, 'What is the most important factor in my firm conviction and friendship?'

(Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Be determined not to let anything disturb your relationship. For example, many brothers and sisters simply go to the person and resolve the matter. (Ps. 34:14) So you can say something like: We have become friends today; let's not let this ruin our relationship. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember, you did not go there to teach the sweetness of his message, and what it meant.

(Colossians 3:13) (See also picture.)

9. How will humility help you when you are unable to resolve your differences? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 The Watchtower

And he said unto them, Behold, I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you, and I am with you.

When It Matters to Your Character and Character

10 Why can that be a problem? Some brothers and sisters may find it difficult to make friends because of their personality, personality, or personality; others may be upset by their behavior; others may be treated unfairly; others may be unsociable because of their upbringing or culture; or they may be overly attractive because of their personality, personality, or personality.

For example, the patriarchs James and the apostle John asked Jesus to give them prominent positions in his Kingdom, indicating that they were favored by others. (Mark 10:35-37) However, Jesus had left behind the prominent position and many privileges he enjoyed in heaven to come to earth. (Phil. 2:5-8) We can see that the two obedient men had very different qualities than Jesus did.

12 Jesus did not expect his apostles to be treated perfectly at all times, but he knew that most of the disciples felt the same way as James and John did. (Mark 9:34) He understood them, for he grew up in the same environment as they grew up in.

(Prov. 14:29) All of us have qualities that make us happy when we are not opposed to others. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) Similarly, we need to be patient when others have a negative attitude toward us. Consider, for example, how difficult it is for someone who is quiet or shy to approach or communicate with others. For this reason, we need to be patient when someone else is willing to talk or be polite.

14 Patience will help us to focus on the good qualities of our brothers and sisters, and it will make it easier for us to make friends with people of different backgrounds.

10. What can make it difficult to develop friendships with our brothers and sisters?

11. How did Jesus develop friendships with people of different backgrounds?

12. What enabled Jesus to be patient with his disciples?

13. How can patience help us to maintain good relations with our brothers? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. What will be the focus of our patience?

June 2026 11

Good friends comfort and show kindness to others (See paragraph 19)

When we look to the good qualities of our brothers and sisters, we imitate Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 To maintain friendships with brothers and sisters of different backgrounds, we need to pray for Jehovah's help. Pray about a personality trait that may offend you and ask Jehovah to give you patience in such a situation. Remember that Jehovah is our Creator and understands each one of us. As you pray, be assured that Jehovah knows what will help you to remain patient with your brothers and sisters, and if you feel that your patience is running out, ask him to give you holy spirit to help you to exercise self-control. - Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.

When Our Brethren Suffer

16 Why can it be a source of trouble?

(Job 6:2, 3) We may not know everything about our brothers and sisters, so we may be tempted to express our feelings or disagree with them.

17 Imitate Jesus' kindness and compassion. He felt compassion for those who were suffering and helped them, including those whom he had never seen before. Consider the example of a blind man named Bartimaeus. (Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus responded by saying: "Do not be afraid.

15. Who can help us to develop friendships with our brothers and sisters from different backgrounds?

16. What may result when our brothers are suffering or suffering?

17. What do you learn from the way Jesus helped a blind man named Bartimaeus?

12 The Watchtower

He praised the man for his faith, and he was able to see again.

(Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember that a close friend is always there for those who love him, especially when they are in distress. (Prov. 17:17) Such a friend is not only compassionate toward those who are in distress but also comforts, encourages, and supports them.

(Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) Listen carefully to him and, if possible, try to offer him a comforting message. (Prov. 12:25) Do not assume that you understand what he is going through. (Prov. 18:13) Be patient with him, and do not expect him to say or do anything better. - Eph. 4:32.

20 We are grateful to have many good friends in the congregation, but we are all imperfect, and many of us have experienced painful experiences that can cause us to say or do things that we later regret.

20. What kind of friend would you like to be?

18. What can you do to help your brothers and sisters who are suffering? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. (a) How can we show kindness and compassion? (b) How can we show kindness and compassion?

DESCRIPTION: An elderly brother and a younger brother are discussing how to serve in a different territory, but they do not agree.

HOW to live in harmony with your brothers and sisters . . .

when you disagree with them on a matter?

when your personality is different from that of a brother?

when your brother is in distress?

PSALM 124

Keeping Integrity at All Times

August 24-30, 2026

PSALM 65 Keep Moving On!

What This Study Says

How our preaching team helps us.

How We Benefit From the Ministry Group Schedule

I will praise Jehovah with all my heart in the congregation of upright men. - Ps. 111:1.

(Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) On that same day, you may have been part of a small preaching work group that includes a small number of brothers and sisters. The preaching work groups help us to carry out Jehovah's assignment to preach the good news of the Kingdom worldwide. - Matt. 24:14.

2 How do you feel about the groups that help us to preach the good news? Wendy* says: "My preaching group has been very helpful to me. I have learned from my group members new ways to preach and improve my teaching skills. For example, after brothers help a person to qualify for baptism, the group overseer is given a special opportunity to gradually help the person to progress in Jehovah's service for many years.

* Names have been changed.

1-2. How do some feel about preaching groups?

14

3 In this article, we will consider three ways: first, how the field service overseer and his assistant help those in their field service group; then, how each of us can help his or her field service group; and, finally, how our field service group helps us.

THE SCIENCE AND THE HELP

4 A field service overseer* is appointed by the body of elders to help his congregation to make spiritual progress. First, he cares deeply about the individual members of his field service group. (Prov. 27:23) As a caring shepherd, he works closely with the members of his group to see what is going on in their lives and thus shows them that he loves them and can help them to draw close to Jehovah. (Jas. 2:15-17) Second, he helps each publisher in his group to be more active in the ministry, takes a zealous lead in the ministry, especially on weekends, and works with and trains each publisher in the field ministry.

* In the absence of an elder, a qualified ministerial servant may be appointed to oversee the congregation until an elder is appointed. A ministerial servant is called a ministerial servant because he is not an overseer in the congregation.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. (a) What is the primary responsibility of a field service overseer? (b) How does a field service overseer help his team? (See the box "How to Help a Flock Overseer".)

How to Help Flock Overseers

• Keep the field service meeting short; it should not be longer than seven minutes, so that the brothers can begin preaching quickly.

• Make an effort to share in the ministry with all in your group, including those who for some reason rarely attend field service meetings.

• Make regular and encouraging visits to members of your group by visiting them at their homes, at the Kingdom Hall, or elsewhere that is helpful, by calling them by telephone, or by writing a letter of encouragement.

• Train brothers to take on responsibility in the congregation.

• If your group and other groups are to hold a field service meeting, it is up to you to lead them into the field service.

Third, he trains baptized brothers to qualify for congregation responsibilities. (1 Tim. 3:1) He warmly commends the brothers in his group and gives them Scriptural counsel.

June 2026 15

to train them to qualify as ministerial servants and overseers. Since the work of the overseers is so important, the overseers make sure that the best qualified men are appointed to this assignment.

5 Consider Jörg, a circuit overseer in a congregation in Germany. He says: It is sometimes difficult for me to share in the ministry with all the members of my group so that I can fulfill my responsibilities as a circuit overseer and as a ministerial servant again. Abel, a 70-year-old elder in Uganda, says: There are many elders and ministerial servants in our congregations, so there are many groups in our congregation. Obed, an elder in Suriname, says: "I love training others, but it takes time and effort, and sometimes it takes time to see the benefits of training others.

6 If possible, preaching groups should be small so that overseers can get to know and strengthen all the members of their group.

An elder may train a ministerial servant in his field service group; he may direct a field service meeting (See paragraph 7)

In the case of small groups, it may be difficult for overseers to show proper concern for their own groups. The primary responsibility of overseers is to build up the faith of their brothers and sisters.

7 If you serve as a group overseer in a congregation where there are fewer elders, set the goal of training your assistant to take better care of God's flock. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.)

5. What challenge do some overseers in the congregation face?

6. How do small preaching groups help overseers?

7. How can ministerial overseers help all in a congregation that has few elders? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also picture below.)

16 The Watchtower

If you do so, he or she will be qualified to serve as a congregation overseer. (2 Tim. 2:2) You can also help mature brothers in your group to train others in the congregation. For example, you can invite pioneers and experienced brothers to share in the ministry with new ones and new ones. They can help them to learn how to start conversations, to conduct return visits, and to conduct Bible studies.

Help to Preach

(Read Romans 1:12.) It also helps you to have the courage to witness with others and to be a protective companion in a dangerous environment. If you are unable to share in the ministry because of your work schedule, you can talk to your employer and ask him to adjust your work schedule. Perhaps he will arrange for you to come to a preaching meeting in advance, and then he will send you someone to testify to you by phone or by letter.

(Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) If you do so, you and all in your group will benefit. Pray to Jehovah and ask him to give you the strength to love him. - Phil. 2:13.

(Read Romans 12:13.) For example, some field service groups may have a field service meeting in our home. Some have arranged for a group to have a meal with a speaker every time a speaker comes to give a talk in their home. Even if the speaker is unable to get along with them, some members of the group may want to have a meal and encourage one another. Instead of focusing on the taste or taste of the food, I focus on getting to know the brothers and sisters with whom I converse.

10 Take the initiative. If we are effective in preaching and teaching the good news, we will be happy to share regularly with our preaching group

8. What can you do to support your preaching team? (Romans 1:12)

9. How can we contribute to the joy of our preaching group? (Romans 12:13)

10. What can we do if we need to improve in some aspect of our ministry? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also picture.)

June 2026 17

The small size of the preaching work enables us to get to know them better and to share in the ministry with them

(See paragraph 10)

(Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) This is what a shy sister named Heather did, but she relates: "I asked a pioneer to help me improve my field service skills. I am glad that I sought help, for I now share in the field ministry in a joyful way.

How Death Can Help You

For example, by means of the preaching work group, Jehovah provides the widows, the elderly, and the elderly with the encouragement and comfort they need because he cares deeply about them. (1 Thess. 2:8; Jas. 1:27) When we are faced with a difficult situation, the overseer can provide encouragement and comfort, and when we share in the ministry with our preaching work group, it helps us to learn how to preach and teach the good news.

12 Wendy, quoted earlier, says: "Because my father had no interest in the truth, it was often difficult for my mother to join her preaching group on weekends, but I was able to attend.

13 When we share in the ministry together with those in our preaching group, we draw closer to one another. (Phil. 1:27) Also, the small size of our preaching groups can make it difficult for a shy person or a group to act responsibly.

11-12. Give an experience of what spiritual help the preaching work involves.

13. (a) How does the preaching work help us to stay close to one another? (b) How does the preaching work help us to stay close to one another?

18 The Watchtower

(2 Cor. 6:13) Even in difficult times, such as when we are sick, depressed, or grieving the loss of a loved one, such friends can be a source of support. (1 Thess. 5:14) We know that we need friends not only now but even more so in the future. (Matt. 24:21) We may not endure hardships, but we know that our brothers and sisters are there to help us to cope. - Prov. 17:17.

14 When disasters, epidemics, earthquakes, illnesses, persecution, or economic hardships occur, our service team members help us. In such cases, the Service Committee meets with the overseers of the service groups in each congregation to discuss how to help those in special need.

15 As we have seen, the heavenly part of Jehovah's entire family is composed of billions of faithful angels, and the earthly part of it includes more than nine million members, some of whom are in the midst of the great tribulation. (Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) Jehovah's servants in heaven and on earth are keenly interested in reaching out to as many people as possible about the good news of God's Kingdom. (Rev. 14:6, 7) May all of us make every effort to benefit from the preaching arrangement, which helps us to praise Jehovah wholeheartedly. - Ps. 111:1.

14. When disasters or unexpected disasters strike, how does our preaching team help us?

15. What need do all of Jehovah's servants have?

DESCRIPTION: Two sisters in a preaching group are preaching together.

WHAT would you say?

■ In what ways do the field service overseer and his assistant help their team members?

■ How can we support our preaching team?

■ How do we benefit from the preaching work group arrangement?

PSALM 61 Keep Moving, O Witnesses!

August 31 SEPTEMBER 6, 2026

Song 89 - Listen to God and Be Blessed

What This Study Says

When we attend a meeting or a meeting, we need to consider why and how we should listen carefully.

Be Careful as You Listen

Be careful how you listen.

JEHOVAH provides abundant spiritual food for us today, so we agree with David when he said: "Jehovah is my Shepherd; I will not want anything". - Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One way that Jehovah provides spiritual food is by means of spiritual instruction at meetings, which is not a new topic, but even if we are firmly rooted in the truth, we need reminders. (2 Pet. 1:12) Do you find it difficult to listen when things that we already know seem to be the same? In addition, let us consider some practical steps to improve our listening skills. But first, let us answer the question: From whom do we receive our teachings?

We learn from Jehovah's teachings

3 Jehovah teaches us through his Word, the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this, and he was able to teach God's Word so well that even his listeners asked: How did this man come to know the Scriptures when he had no formal education? (John 7:15) However, sincere people were delighted to hear Jesus teach God's Word.

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah provide spiritual food for his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this article?

3. How does Jehovah teach us, and how do his servants use the Bible?

20

(Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) Similarly, as Jehovah's Witnesses, we know that our publications, broadcasts, talks, and videos are based on the Bible. When people come to our meetings and see how the Bible is explained, they are amazed.

4 When the Bible uses the word "listening", it often implies obeying. So when Jehovah instructs us through his Word during the study and understands what he wants us to do, it becomes easier to obey him. We know that we make him happy when we listen to him and apply what he teaches us. - Prov. 27:11.

WHY Listening When Studying?

(Matt. 22:37) As we learn more about Jehovah each day, our love for him will grow, and our love for him will move us to obey him and serve him in a way that he accepts. - Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 We attend meetings by listening carefully because we love our neighbor.

4. When the Bible uses the word "listening", what does it often mean?

5. What does our love for Jehovah move us to do? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What are some of the things we learn at our meetings?

How to Be an Effective Listener

When asked what has helped some who have served Jehovah for many years to become better listeners at the meetings, they responded as follows:

• Suefawn, who was baptized in 1986, says, "When you go to the meetings, sit in the front seat to focus on the speaker and watch the videos".

• David, who was also baptized in 1983, says, "I pray to Jehovah repeatedly to help me concentrate on the study.

• Nicolas, who was baptized in 1982, also says, Make it your goal to commend anyone who has delivered a talk, set an example, or provided an illustration that you have not enjoyed.

• Augustin, who was baptized in 1988, says, When the faithful slave comes to us with something we have learned, I tell myself that it is spiritual food at the right time.

He teaches us how to love our brothers and sisters and even strangers. For example, the brochure Love People and Make Disciples teaches us how to love and teach in the ministry.

June 2026 21

If, then, there is a student program in the middle of the week, keep your attention focused.

(Deut. 32:44-47) We need encouragement that will help us to endure our trials until the new world arrives, and that encouragement is especially important when we attend meetings and listen carefully. (Rom. 8:25) We are living in the last days of the wicked system of things. - Matt. 24:42-44; Rev. 1:3.

How to Increase Listening During Study

8 Brothers who teach at the meetings, especially those who give public talks, need to keep on improving their teaching. When brothers take the time to prepare and base their talks on the Bible, they can draw people to the truth and help their fellow Christians to continue to serve Jehovah with joy. Although this recommendation applies to most public speakers,

7. Why is it vital that we continue to obey Jehovah?

8. Why should brothers who teach in the congregation continue to be effective in their teaching?

so that each one of us may serve as he is assigned. - 2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

The following will help you: (1) At the beginning of the talk, make an effort to identify the topics to be discussed. (2) Then summarize each keynote. After you finish one keynote and move on to another, you can take a break so that the audience can move on to another keynote. (3) At the end of the talk, summarize all the keynote points.

(Prov. 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) Meditating on the scriptures and key points in your language will help you to appreciate what you are saying. A brother in the United States who is still in his 70's recalls a talk he heard when he was a teenager.

11 Focus on what will benefit your listeners

9. When you speak, why should you not make it difficult for your listeners to understand?

10. Why is it important to make your speech pleasing?

11. When a speaker gives a talk, what can be done to benefit the audience? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 The Watchtower

For example, while Timothy was helping the brothers in Ephesus, the apostle Paul gave him specific instructions on how to strengthen his faith. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.)

12 When you are learning your language, keep it open; do not use your own words. Instead of writing down and reading it to your listeners, speak from your heart, not as if you were communicating with your listeners. This will make it easier for them to listen. The brochure Keep Your Eyes Open to Reading and Teaching says: Speak as you speak regularly, and speak from your heart, so that your listeners will know how you feel about what you are saying and how you feel about them.

12. When speaking, why should you speak from your heart?

If you speak from your heart, your speech will touch the heart of your listeners, prompting them to do what you say.

13 Ask for advice from an experienced speaker. How can you do this? Show him a copy of the talk and any research you do before giving the talk. Include his advice with yours. Tell him that you would like to give advice and that he will give you advice if he finds that you are struggling. (Prov. 1:5) We all have imperfections, so we may not always know whether what we are saying is clear or accurate. We want to be effective in speaking and teaching so that we can help our listeners to apply Bible truth in their lives.*

* For further suggestions for improving your speech and teaching skills, see the brochure Focus on Reading and Teaching and the book Benefit from Theocratic Ministry School Education.

13. Why should you seek advice from an experienced speaker when giving a talk? (See also picture.)

Seek counsel from an experienced speaker and improve your teaching (See paragraph 13)

23

Keep on listening to Jehovah's reminders; do not be distracted by cell phones and tablets

(See paragraph 17)

How to Increase Your Attitude

In these critical times, we need God's reminders to help us to cope. (2 Tim. 3:1) We should strive to imitate the psalmist who wrote Psalm 119 because of his deep appreciation for God's reminders, even though we may have heard them repeatedly. - Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

15 When the Israelites walked through the wilderness, Jehovah looked after them and gave them manna to eat. (Ex. 16:15, 31) At first, they enjoyed it, enjoyed it, and gained the strength they needed. Indeed, applying what we learn can lead to everlasting life. - Prov. 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

16 How to become a better listener. Consider what has helped some who have served Jehovah for many years to become better listeners. Ashley, who has served Jehovah for more than 30 years, says: The lessons we learn at the meetings help me to listen better. Even if a brother does not understand the tongue, I do not judge him or her.

14. Why should we imitate the psalmist who wrote Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

15. How can we continue to show appreciation for the spiritual food we receive at the meetings?

16. (a) What has helped some who have served Jehovah for many years to become better listeners at the meetings? (b) What can help us to become better listeners?

24 The Watchtower

But the Bible's message he explains.

17 The following suggestions may help you to be a good listener: (1) Avoid eating too much before the meeting, (2) get there early and set aside a seat before the meeting begins, (3) keep your cell phone or tablet silent and not distract yourself during the study, (4) meditate on what will be discussed at the beginning of the study, (5) focus on the speaker during the study, and (6) write down brief paragraphs or type in order to recall the main points of the study. (8) Ask yourself, How can I use this information to help someone in the congregation or in the ministry? (9) Watch the program before attending a meeting, looking at the day's theme, the talks, and the scriptures on which each talk is based. (10) Before the meeting begins, sit quietly and listen to the music and music videos. By doing so, you will prepare your heart for the program.

Always obey Jehovah

18 We must continue to listen carefully at the meeting, for by doing so, we are letting Jehovah guide us in the way of righteousness. (Ps. 23:3; 31:3) To help us avoid going astray, we need to be like a ship being blown away by the wind, so we must be careful to listen carefully and apply the counsel given at the meeting. (Luke 8:18) Those who obey Jehovah will enjoy everlasting life now and in the future. - Ps. 119:2, 14.

17. (a) What can help you to be a better listener at meetings and meetings? (b) How can we be a better listener at meetings and meetings?

18. Why should we continue to listen carefully at the meetings?

WHAT would you say?

■ Why should we be attentive during study?

■ How can brothers who teach in the classroom help others to be better listeners?

■ What will help you to be a good listener?

Song 87 - Come and Be Relieved

A Story of Life

Serving Jehovah for 70 Years in Cuba

As told by GUSTAVO JOSEPH

I WAS born in 1947 on the beautiful island of Cuba, near the confluence of the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean.

I remember peacefully living in our village with some of our relatives - my grandparents, aunts, uncles, and cousins - and having a good time.

When I was about five years old, my parents began studying the Bible with Walton Jones. Brother Walton was very active in the ministry, traveling about ten hours to preach in our village.

When I was young, I remembered how zealous we were in Jehovah's service - good times, but bad times were about to come. - 2 Tim. 4:2.

In a timely manner

Sadly, when my father and his brother went to a convention in another city, they developed typhoid fever.

After my father's death, my mother moved the family to the village of Lombillo, where we cherished our grandparents but had to leave the rest of the family.

On August 26, 1957, at the age of ten, I was baptized in a lake near Lombillo.

26 The Watchtower

In 1959, Cuba was overthrown in a coup d'état that resulted in a coup d'état.

As a result, the government finally banned our worship, and many of our brothers were imprisoned, tortured, and even denied food, and sometimes even blood was used for food, but the Bible commands us not to eat blood.

(Heb. 10:25) We held meetings on farms and in other places throughout the country, and I remember that a brother who had a serious problem organized a meeting there.

We appreciated the hard work of the brothers at that time in providing spiritual food - for example, the recordings of assembly sessions were being made and sent to the brothers throughout the country. Although we did not have the same freedom as our brothers in other lands, and we did not have the same freedom as our brothers in other lands, we never experienced a lack of spiritual food, and we were happy to serve Jehovah together. - Neh. 8:10.

How to Become a God and a Parent

When I was 18, I became a regular pioneer in Florida, and about a year later, I was assigned to serve as a special pioneer in the big city of Ca-magüey, where I met Emilia, a beautiful sister from Santiago de Cuba.

Emilia and I could no longer pioneer; but we wanted to do more

A. Kingdom Ministry School for eldersCamagüey, Cuba, 1966

B. On our wedding day, 1967

The A.

The B

and D.

D. Circuit work

E. Our first convention after we were banned by the government, 1994

What is it?

Asamblea de Distrito TEMOR PIADOSO was founded in 1994

I had to work from 3 a.m. to 11 a.m. every day, but getting up early in the morning helped me to get into the ministry regularly and to attend regular meetings with Emilia.

When my first son, Gustavo, was born in 1969, I was invited to serve as a circuit overseer, and it was not surprising to see a circuit overseer here in Cuba with a wife and children.

Looking back on our time in the circuit work and seeing how Jehovah has blessed his people in Cuba, how he has not only helped us to cultivate love for him in the hearts of our children, but also how life was for Emilia and me when we were in the circuit work.

HOW WE CREATED THE WORK when we were born

The government shut down all Kingdom Halls, expelled all missionaries from the country, arrested many young brothers, and looted the branch office in Havana.

Because of the ban, we were only able to visit guests on Saturdays and Sundays, so we spent two weekends in the same congregation, carrying our belongings and riding our bicycles to avoid being noticed by the police. (Mark 10:29, 30) But we had to be very careful, for the police were constantly pressing us and questioning us, and our brothers and sisters were in danger of being arrested by the police. - Rom. 16:4.

During our travels, we encountered many brothers who had never eaten.

28 What Does It Mean to Be a Witness?

What is it?

The F

The G

Emilia works in a quarry at the Cuban Bethel

F. Dedicating an Assembly Hall, 2012

G. The Bible School for Christian Couples, 2013

They welcomed us with hospitality. In some places, it was not a small feast for us to eat, but in others, it was a small feast for us, so that we often took them with us and ate with them.

When we went to visit the bartenders, we could not take all of our children with us, so we carried only one of our children, leaving the rest for my mother and sister.

I am very grateful for Emilia's hard work in caring for the children. I was also a factory worker and a circuit overseer. How did I manage to add to that?

When I learned that I could somehow distribute the work to the workers by the end of the week, I was allowed to visit the guests. To this day, I don't think the employers realized that I was free on Saturdays and Sundays.

I WANTED to be happy during my reign

On one occasion in 1994, the Cuban delegation invited 80 traveling overseers from all over the country to attend a special convention in Havana. We had long known each other, so we were excited!

They told us that they had met with the governor's office, and that the reason for their meeting was:

June 2026 29

The Cuban Branch Committee, 2013

They wanted the government to understand Jehovah's Witnesses, so they were told by the government to bring in the names of all the traveling overseers in the country.

At one time, we were able to attend meetings and preach freely, but Jehovah's Witnesses were not yet officially recognized. Later, we learned that some of the traveling overseers' names were already known to the authorities, and they wanted to see if their names matched our addresses.

In September 1994, the government gave us permission to reopen the branch, and we learned that the building that had been closed 20 years earlier could be used as a branch again.

One day in 1996, Emilia and I received an invitation to Bethel, and to our surprise, I told the brothers that I still had two children to care for.

After serving as a circuit overseer for many years, my heart was in the new branch, so I could not stay in an office, but the brothers at Bethel helped me to correct my thinking, especially my wife, Emilia.

When Emilia and I look back, and when we look back at the brothers and sisters we have met and served together over the years, our hearts are filled with joy. What brings us the greatest joy is that our children and grandparents are serving Jehovah.

While we have been battling cancer and old age, we do our best to fulfill our assignments. We have not always been disappointed in our years of service to Jehovah, but how grateful we are to have served the happy God for nearly 70 years on this island! - 1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1.

With our daughter and her husband at a circuit assembly

30 The Watchtower

Questions From Readers

According to Galatians 4:24, what two covenants did the apostle Paul mention?

■ Referring to the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar, the apostle Paul concludes: "All these are symbolic; these women represent two covenants. (Gal. 4:22-24) Formerly, we understood the two covenants to be the Law covenant and the new covenant.

(Gal. 4:25; Ex. 19:5, 6) Thus, the Law reminded the Israelites that they were slaves to sin, and it could help the nation of Israel to identify the Messiah, who was the only one who could fully obey the Law. (Rom. 3:19, 24, 25) After Jesus fulfilled God's purpose, the Law was no longer necessary. - Rom. 10:4.

(Gal. 4:23) That promise is the Abrahamic covenant. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) That covenant was made between Jehovah and Abraham, as recorded at Genesis 22:18.

(Gen. 3:15) This covenant made it clear that the "seed" mentioned would be Abraham's descendant. Paul explained that Jesus Christ was the principal part of the "seed", but those who belong to Christ, the 144,000 who will rule with him in his Kingdom, are also part of that "seed". (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) Because of Jehovah's many promises to Abraham, those who accept Jesus and obey him will be blessed.

Paul meant that if the Jews of his day were firmly committed to obeying the Law, they would be like Hagar; they would be enslaved forever; but if they accepted Jesus Christ, the principal offspring of Abraham, they would be like Sarah, truly free from sin and slavery. (John 8:32-34) But if they did not accept Jesus, they would be under the Law covenant, for the purpose of the Law covenant was to help them to know Christ.

To the Galatians whom Paul wrote this letter, many of whom were Gentiles, were not bound or bound by the Law, but some Jews were firmly convinced that Gentile Christians were bound by the Law, including the law of circumcision. Paul explained how foolish it was for them to continue to be under the law that made them slaves, since Christ has set them free. - Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

* This is an updated understanding, replacing that found in The Watchtower of March 15, 2006, pages 10-12.

June 2026 31

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

What is the meaning of life?

What Does It Mean to Be a Witness?

The study article will be held August 10-16.

How Can We Remain Loyal to Jehovah in the Face of Trials?

The following article will be published in the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. August 17-23.

How to Maintain Peace With Our Brothers

The following article will be published in the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. August 24-30.

How We Benefit From the Ministry Group Schedule

The study article will be from August 31 to September 6, 20

Be Careful as You Listen

What is the meaning of life?

Serving Jehovah for 70 Years in Cuba

What is the meaning of the Bible?

This publication is available free of charge and is used to support a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary contributions.

Except where noted, entries in this book are taken from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

A Word from the Bible

The Ancient Fisherman's Net

(Mark 1:16-20) Some of Jesus' followers were fishermen using nets in the Sea of Galilee.

In those days a man made a net with ropes and ropes. He made small holes for small fish, and he made big holes for big fish. When he made small holes, he threw some heavy objects into the water, such as stones or iron, and threw them down. But when the net was broken, something heavy was thrown under it. Then half of the net was lowered into the water, and the other half was measured to judge the surface of the water.

(Luke 5:6) The net was so expensive that almost every fishing trip involved the preparation of nets. The Bible tells us that James and John were preparing their nets, probably with saws and ropes. (Matt. 4:21) Luke also says that the fishermen were washing their nets with their filth and filth. (Luke 5:2) Afterward, the nets were distributed so that they would not become dirty. - Ezek. 47:10.

Jesus called some men who knew how to use their nets to become fishers of men.

Go to jw.org or download the link below

JW.ORG ®

w26.06-TW