August 2026

The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. Jehovah's Kingdom is the Kingdom of God

It will be held from October 5 to November 1, 2026

October 5-11, 2026

Do Not Believe Satan's LiesFaith in Jehovah and Jesus

Song 55 - Don't Be Afraid of Them!

OBJECTIVE In this article, we will see how Satan tries to trick us into losing faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

Resist the Devil, and he will flee from you.

WHEN Satan and his demons have been trying to stop us from serving Jehovah since we made our dedication to him, he knows that his efforts will be unsuccessful with Jehovah's help, so he does everything in his power to keep us from Jehovah's help, including by making us think that Jehovah and his Son, Jesus, do not care about us. - 2 Cor. 11:14; Jas. 1:6.

2 If we are in the wilderness, we must trust our leaders, or else they will act in a way that will result in defeat and even loss of life. We too are in a battle with wicked spirit forces. (Eph. 6:12) Our leaders, Jehovah God and Jesus Christ, are Satan the Devil, who knows that if we do not have complete confidence in them, we will refuse to obey them. In the following article, we will consider two other ways that Satan uses to deceive us into giving up our spiritual armor.*

Not all our suffering comes directly from Satan, but it comes from the spirit of the world.

1. How does Satan try to turn us away from Jehovah?

2. Why is it important to trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

2

Satan's LIES About Jehovah and Jesus

3 From the garden of Eden, Satan tried to persuade Adam and Eve to disobey Jehovah. Satan deceived Eve into believing that the Creator was not interested in them. Satan asked Eve: "Did God really say, 'You must not eat from every tree of the garden'?" (Genesis 3:1-5) Satan wanted Eve to think that Jehovah was imposing certain restrictions on them.

4 After Satan persuaded Adam and Eve to disobey Jehovah, he continued to spread lies about Jehovah. For example, by using Job's three friends, Satan made Job feel that Jehovah did not love him and that he had lost his integrity.

5 Centuries after Job's time, Satan tried to turn people away from Jesus by spreading false accusations against him through the religious leaders and others who hated him, and he was eventually put to death as a thief. - Read Matthew.

11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus' death, Satan tried to discourage Jesus' followers from preaching about him. First, the Devil tried to cast doubt on the resurrection of Jesus by spreading the lie that Jesus' body had been stolen by his disciples.

7 Despite their discouragement, most Christians have courageously continued to preach, realizing that they were opposed by Satan and his demons. (Acts 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) How does Satan try to discourage us from serving Jehovah today?

SATAN CLAIMS LIES about Jehovah and Jesus

8 One of Satan's most effective tactics today is to spread the truth about Jehovah and Jesus. He uses false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus. (John 8:44) For example, he makes it difficult for people to identify Jehovah and his Son. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some religious leaders teach that the Father is the same as the Son.

3. How did Satan discourage Eve from trusting in Jehovah?

4. What lie did Satan try to instill in Job?

5. How did Satan prevent people from following Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. How did Satan try to stop Jesus' followers from preaching?

8. How does Satan use false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus?

August 2026 3

Satan's world wants us to think that God's guidance is useless (See paragraph 11)

(Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) When such lies enter people's minds, it can be difficult for us to identify the truth, even if some of them oppose our ministry.

9 Likewise, knowing God's name is vital if we want to be friends with him. The Bible promises that knowing God's name and trusting in him will protect us. (Prov. 18:10) Satan, however, has used false religion to cause people to forget God's name or even prevent others from knowing it. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) As a result, many find it hard to believe that Jehovah wants them to be his friends. (Jas. 4:8) Satan also tries to turn Jehovah's servants away from him.

10 When we are faced with difficult situations,

9. How does Satan keep people from knowing Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

10. What can cause a Christian to become angry with Jehovah?

4 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Satan wants us to believe that Jehovah does not care about us and that we should be patient with him when situations do not resolve quickly. (Prov. 19:3) And when that happens, we may wonder: 'If Jehovah does not help me, why should I continue to follow his laws and guidelines?

11 Through the Internet, Satan uses social media to mislead us into thinking that Jehovah's standards are useless. For example, people on the Internet claim that the Bible's moral standards are outdated and that everyone can do what he thinks is right.

12 Listening to Satan's worldly view of what is right and what is wrong can make us think that what Jehovah teaches is not easy. A young sister named Shannon* says: "It took me a while to realize that what I was taught at school about morality and what my friends were doing was gradually changing my thinking.

* Names have been changed.

11. (a) How does Satan try to lead people away from Jehovah's direction? (b) How does Satan try to lead people away from Jehovah's direction?

12. Why should we not give in to Satan's lies?

I was no longer interested in Jehovah's worship, nor was I comfortable with my family and siblings. However, Shannon later made adjustments to escape Satan's deceptive ways, thus restoring her relationship with Jehovah.

13 Shannon realized that she needed to make adjustments in order to regain her relationship with Jehovah and Jesus. She says: "I prayed to Jehovah for help in making good friends and did some research. I also benefited greatly from the jw.org video Young People Ask - How Can I Make Real Friends? or Les jeunes sinterrogent. With the help of my parents, the older ones in the congregation, and older sisters in the congregation, I learned that not only did I need to attend the meetings or listen to my parents, but I also needed to cultivate a close relationship with Jehovah and trust in his Word.

Why Jehovah and Jesus Are So Close

14 If we want to have a good relationship with Jehovah, we must make friends with others

* To find out more about how to help young ones to grow spiritually, go to the Young People and Youth section of jw.org and go to the Adult section.

13. What did you learn from Shannon's account?

14. (a) How can we prevent Satan's propaganda from weakening our faith? (b) What can we do to protect our faith?

August 2026 5

By striving to keep our relationship with Jehovah, we will resist Satan's machinations

(See paragraph 14)

(Jas. 4:4) We also need to be careful not to believe anything the world says on the Internet or in the media. For example, we may become entangled in untrue or misleading information. But if we keep on studying the Bible and our publications and associating with mature Christians, nothing will easily deceive us.

15 By studying the Bible and getting to know Jehovah and Jesus, we can become more confident that they are with us. (Prov. 22:19) Meditating on how Jehovah and Jesus have cared for faithful people in Bible accounts will strengthen our confidence in them.

15. How can we strengthen our conviction that Jehovah and Jesus are with us?

6 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

Jesus himself said that he loved us so much that he gave his life for us. - John 15:12, 13.

16 Reflecting on how Jehovah and Jesus have helped us to cope will strengthen our conviction that they love us deeply. Perhaps Jehovah has answered your prayer or strengthened you when you were in a difficult situation.

17 We all want to remain close friends with Jehovah and Jesus.

(Rev. 20:1-3, 10) To resist Satan's deceptive attacks, you need to stay close to Jehovah, confident that he and his Son love you and value you. Then, as Jesus said, no one can snatch you out of the hand of the mighty Father. - Read John 10:29; James 4:7.

18 In the following article, we will consider two other tactics that Satan uses - his efforts to divide the congregation and his persecutions.

16. Why is it good to remember how Jehovah has helped you and others? - Psalm 118:5, 6.

17. According to John 10:29, what assurance did Jesus give to those who love him and his Father?

18. What will we consider in the following article?

How would you respond?

■ How did Satan spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ How does Satan spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ What convinces you that Jehovah and Jesus are with you?

Song 150 - Seek God for Your Salvation

Oct. 12-18, 2026

Song 129 - We Will Keep On Enduring

HOPE This article will help us to remember that we are fighting Satan and his demons, not our fellow Christians.

You Can Fight Satan and the Demons!

We have a wrestling not against blood and flesh, but against . . . the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places. - Eph. 6:12.

(Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) Nevertheless, the Bible tells us that we must fight against Satan and his demons. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12) How can we defeat those powerful enemies?

2 As we saw in the preceding article, the Devil tries to undermine our trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will consider two other tactics that Satan uses to break our relationship with Jehovah.

Satan tries to deceive us

3 Satan tries to divide us from our brother

(Ephesians 6:11, 12) 2. What will we consider in this article? 3. How does Satan try to divide us?

8

Saul hated David and lost confidence in Jehovah, but Jonathan trusted in Jehovah and helped David (See paragraphs 4, 6)

In Satan's world, where there is a lack of love and trust, Satan wants us to imitate these traits so that we become hostile toward our brothers, even hating them, and to look for fault in Jehovah's organization. - Rom. 16:17.

4 Consider King Saul, who at first loved David and was deeply impressed by David's military prowess. (1 Sam. 18:5) However, Saul's jealousy for David eventually grew to envy him, and he hated David and sought to kill him. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) Satan would have been very happy if David had been killed.

5 Satan knows that our unity results in Jehovah's help and blessing. (Ps. 133:1) Satan's goal is to destroy our unity. He wants us to be jealous of our brothers and sisters, even as Saul was jealous of David.

6 If we love our fellow Christians, we will not be jealous of them, but we will support them

4. Why did King Saul hate David? (See also picture.)

5. Why does the Devil want us to be jealous of our fellow Christians? (James 3:14-16)

6. What have you learned from Jonathan's example? (See also picture.)

August 2026

9

Consider Jonathan, Saul's son, who was not jealous of David like Saul's father. He became David's friend and trusted in the fulfillment of Jehovah's promise, saying to David: "You yourself will be king over Israel". Jonathan humbly acknowledged that David had been chosen by Jehovah to be king and supported him. - 1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

7 There is another tactic that Satan uses to disrupt our unity: to divide us because we come from different backgrounds, cultures, and attitudes. How can you prevent this from happening? - Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) (Rev. 12:12) Together with our fellow Christians, we are fighting against those same enemies, Satan and the demons. - 1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 If a brother or a sister speaks or does something that offends you, remember that he or she is imperfect, and that when we deal with each other, we are likely to have conflicts with each other. (Rev. 7:20) When that happens, we need to be patient with one another, as Jehovah counsels us to be, and willing to forgive anyone who offends us. - Col. 3:12-14.

Therefore, let us love our fellow Christians and promote unity with them, for that is what Jehovah and Jesus want. - John 17:20, 21.

SATAN'S DISTRUCTIONER How He Seeks to Influence Us

9 The apostle Paul warned that all true Christians should be persecuted. (2 Tim. 3:12) In fact, persecution is a form of injustice. When we face opposition and persecution, we can easily become so overly self-centered that we lose sight of the most important assignment that Jehovah has given us - the Kingdom-preaching work. - Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Consider the example of Abraham's son Isaac, who was so happy that he was among the Philistines that the wells that Abraham's servants had dug were filled with jealousy. (Gen. 26:12-18) Isaac, his family, and his livestock were desperately in need of water, so he chose to go away and dig other wells, even though the Philistines claimed that they were theirs. (Gen. 26:19-25) If we are treated unfairly, can we be patient and patient like Isaac?

7. How can we prevent the Devil from disrupting our unity? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. How should you react if a fellow believer says or does something that offends you?

9. What else does Satan use to discourage us?

10. How did Isaac react to injustice?

10 The Watchtower

STOP

#WE WANT CHANGE

THE PEOPLE SERVE

We WANT to change

Will you remain loyal to Jehovah and his Kingdom? (See paragraph 13)

11 When Jesus, the Messiah, came to earth, many people reacted negatively to him. For example, some of his relatives thought that he was losing his mind. (Mark 3:21) The religious leaders often criticized him for not preaching. (Luke 11:15, 16) He was betrayed by a close friend. (Matt. 26:14-16) The chief priests agreed with the authorities and sentenced him to death. (Mark 15:1, 13-15) Despite this opposition, Jesus continued to serve Jehovah faithfully. (Luke 22:50, 51) In all this, Jesus did not retaliate, but instead blamed him for his assignment from Jehovah.

12 Like Jesus, we face hardships that can weigh us down, and Satan tries to stop us from preaching the good news. Even when we face opposition from family members or others, Jesus teaches us to love those who persecute us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.) Instead of hating or arguing with those who persecute us, we follow Jesus' advice to be kind, patient, and respectful to all, even when they are persecuted. - 1 Cor. 13:4.

13 Even when laws restrict our worship or restrict our life in some other way, we should respect the authorities because that is what Jehovah requires of us.

11. How did Jesus react when others treated him unfairly?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we treat those who persecute us?

13. Why should we respect governments even when they oppose us? (See also picture.)

August 2026 11

By loving our brothers and uniting us, we can oppose Satan and his demons (See paragraph 16)

(Prov. 24:21, 22; Eccl. 8:2, 3) When we get involved in politics, we are doing what Satan wants us to do, not fully supporting the Kingdom. - John 15:19.

14 Some who formerly opposed us have become zealous servants of Jehovah. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So when you are reviled, persecuted, and falsely accused, remember that they can change their ways. (Matt. 5:11) Pray for the authorities to allow us to continue to serve Jehovah faithfully. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Pray also for your classmates, coworkers, and schoolmates who oppose you. A woman who had been persecuted for many years by her husband became a believer said: "We have gained much from our perseverance.

15 It is impossible for us to expose all the injustices that we see in the world today and the injustices that are being done to us. (Eccl. 1:15) But Jehovah can.

14. What should we keep in mind about those who oppose us?

15. Why is it impossible to correct injustices in this world?

12 The Watchtower

(Ps. 37:18) Soon, by means of his Kingdom, he will undo all the damage done to us by Satan and his followers. (1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) Until then, however, we must continue to show patience and love to all, and we must use our time and energy to help as many as possible to become Jehovah's friends.

We CAN CONTROL the Devil and the Real World!

16 The Bible assures us that we can defeat Satan and his demons. (Jas. 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) But to do that, we must have full faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (Eph. 6:16) Keep building your faith, and let that faith move you to continue to love and draw close to your fellow believers.

16. (a) What will help us to resist Satan and his demons? (b) How can we resist Satan and his demons?

17 We must never allow the Devil to use any means to divide us or to undermine our brotherhood. Jehovah and Jesus have refused to help us to resist Satan if we are firmly opposed to him. We and all our fellow Christians are in a fight against our greatest enemy, Satan.

17. What should you be determined to do?

How would you respond?

■ How does Satan try to divide us from our fellow Christians?

■ How does Satan try to stop the Kingdom-preaching work?

■ What convinces you that you can defeat Satan and the demons?

Song of 149

The Song of the Rainbow

Oct. 19-25, 2026

Song 106 - Growing Up in Love

DESIRE In this article, we will consider what we can learn from the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus that will help us to promote peace in the congregation.

Let Love Move You in All Things

I would like to plead with you in the name of love. - PHIL. 9.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) This peace is from Jehovah, but it is up to each of us to maintain it. (Rom. 12:18) How can we promote peace in the congregation? How can we do this if we have hurt a brother or sister?

I Want to Be Honored

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. In his letter to Philemon, Paul encouraged Philemon to take back his slave Onesimus, knowing that this would be motivated by Philemon's love for Christ and his fellow believers. 4:9) According to Roman law, a slave who had escaped from his master had to return to him, so Paul sent Onesimus back to Philemon. - Phil. 12, 13.

3 What did Philemon do to Onesimus? Did he punish him severely? What did he do? Did he cause divisions among his brothers?

1. What should each of us do?

2. Briefly describe the story of Philemon and Onesimus. (Filemon 8, 9, 17)

3. (a) What concerns may have been expressed by Paul when he sent Onesimus to his master? (b) How did the apostle Paul respond?

14

(Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) At the same time, Paul wrote a letter to the congregation in Colossae, and in this article, we will consider what we can learn from Paul's words in those two letters.

How can we learn from Paul's example of love?

4 What can we learn from Paul's attitude toward fellow believers?

5 Paul treated Philemon kindly. (Phil. 17) Paul did not think that he could respond to Philemon as if he were a brother. (2 Cor. 1:24) Rather, Paul saw Philemon as a fellow worker and reminded him of their friendship. (1 Cor. 5:1-3) Instead, they value their brothers, spend time with them, listen to them, and help them in times of need.

6 Paul commended Philemon (Phil. 4, 5, 7)

Why should we be commended? Some people think that they are inferior or inferior, others think that they are worthy of praise, and others think that they are worthy of praise. Such a person is easily offended or easily offended. Such a person is not worthy of harmony. (Prov. 12:25) Praise others from the heart, not only for the good work they have done, but also for the hard work they have done.

7 Paul praised Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) Did Paul's praise affect Philemon's feelings about Onesimus?

4-5. What can elders do to promote peace in the congregation?

6. Why is it important to give commendation to one another?

7. Why should we think carefully before we speak about our brothers and sisters? (Filemon 10-12)

August 2026 15

Like Paul, have a positive view of and speak well of fellow believers (See paragraph 8)

not to be treated unfavorably, but to be kind to others. What can we learn from Paul's example?

8 Paul regularly expressed gratitude to Jehovah for the fine qualities that Philemon had, and he did the same for others. (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Although Paul was aware of the weaknesses of his brothers and sisters, he endeavored to discern their good qualities and to give Jehovah continual thanks.

9 Have you ever felt that you were unable to cope with the trials and tribulations of Paul's life? Have you ever felt that you were unable to cope with the tribulations and tribulations of Paul's life? Consider the shipwreck that befell him when he was about to sail to Rome. Now that Paul is writing to Philemon, he is still a prisoner in Rome. (Phil. 1) But did Paul allow his circumstances to influence his words in the letter? No. Paul thought carefully and chose words that would honor Philemon and apply them to him. What can we learn from this?

8. What will help us to have a positive view of our brothers and to speak well of them? (See also pictures.)

9. What is remarkable about Paul's letter to Philemon, and why?

How We Can Remain Afraid of Onesimo

10 We all say or do things that hurt our brothers at times.

10. What did Onesimus do to make peace with Philemon, and why was his action remarkable?

16 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

When Onesimus learned that he was bound by Roman law, he traveled about a thousand miles [about six hundred kilometers] and was obliged to pay a heavy price and be set free. If he feels that he has escaped from his master, he will not let him go back. Instead, he goes out to make peace with him.

(Matt. 5:23-25) This may not be easy, but it will be beneficial because it will improve your relationship. First, ask for forgiveness from the heart. Listen carefully to the other person when he expresses his feelings and understand. Accept your mistake. Do not feel guilty or guilty.

What We Can Learn From Filmography

12 The example of Philemon can help us to see how we can maintain peace when we are offended by someone.

13 Philemon loved his fellow Christians deeply. (Phil. 5) Philemon's name means neighborly love.

11. (a) How can we maintain peace if we have offended someone? (b) What can we do if we are offended?

12. Why was Paul confident that Philemon would forgive Onesimus?

13. Why is love essential to making peace? (Colossians 3:14)

Like Onesimus, humbly strive to keep peace with your brothers and sisters (See paragraph 11)

Like Philemon, show hospitality and promote unity in the congregation (See paragraph 15)

In his letter to Philemon's congregation in Colossae, Paul described love as a perfect bond of union. (Read Colossians 3:14) In this regard, no other condition can bring about peace and unity.

14 Another important quality that made it easier for Philemon to show hospitality was that he was willing to host the congregation in his home. (Phil. 2) Evidently, Paul knew that Philemon loved hospitality, so he asked Philemon to arrange a meal for him. (Phil. 22) Philemon's hospitality undoubtedly made the brothers feel more comfortable with him. - Phil. 7.

15 When we imitate Philemon and show hospitality to our brothers and sisters, it will be easier for us to love them because it will help us to get to know our Christian brothers and sisters better. (John 6:44) Hence, when we show hospitality to our brothers and sisters, our love for them grows, we have a positive attitude toward them, and we are willing to forgive them when they offend us.

16 Do you find it hard to forgive? Or do we not love our brothers? Consider what Paul wrote to Philemon in Colossians 3:13 (read).

14. How do we know that Philemon loved hospitality?

15. (a) How can hospitality deepen our love for one another? (b) How can hospitality deepen our love for one another?

16. How may Philemon have responded to Paul's counsel at Colossians 3:13?

18 The Watchtower

After the letter has been read before the whole church, who knows what he has done? He must be patient and willing to forgive. How can we benefit from Paul's exhortation to forgive when we are in difficulty?

17 What does Paul's exhortation to "continue putting up with one another" imply? It implies that we should be patient with our fellow believers even when they offend us. In the same verse, Paul points to Jehovah's love and forgiveness as an example for us. (Col. 3:22, 23) If we view our brothers and sisters as Jehovah does, it will be easier for us to be patient and forgiving, for we are happy when others forgive us.

18 Jehovah appreciates all your efforts to promote peace in the congregation. Use every opportunity to promote peace. Keep your words calm and positive. Apologize. Be quick to make peace with someone if you have a problem. Love your brothers and sisters from the heart and make it easier for you to forgive them.

18. What are you determined to do?

COVER: Philemon reads Paul's letter to Onesimus and Tychicus and others in his household.

17. What does it mean to be patient with one another?

WHAT have you learned from these people?

■ The apostle Paul

■ Onesimus

■ Philemon

154 Love that does not endure

What is the meaning of life?

Song 62 - What is the meaning of the song?

The New Song

The Reason

This article will help us to appreciate Jehovah's provision for our salvation and the privilege of rendering him sacred service.

Appreciate Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

He has prepared for us a fire of salvation so that we may fearlessly serve him in a holy way. - Luke 1:69, 74.

(Luke 1:57-66) This was a question that guests and family members asked themselves when the elderly priest Zechariah and his elderly wife, Elizabeth, miraculously gave birth to their son John. Jehovah answered Zechariah by explaining that John would help people to repent and be ready to follow the coming Messiah. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) However, Zechariah did not just describe what he would do.* As we will see in this article, Zechariah's words are prophetic and apply to us today. Zechariah's words reveal three things we need to appreciate: (1) God's gift of salvation, (2) the privilege of rendering sacred service to God, and (3) the preaching work.

GOD'S WISDOM That is Unique

Then Zechariah said, 'The Lord has raised up a Savior for us in the house of David.'

* See the drama The Gospel of Jesus, Part 1, which focuses on Zechariah's prophecy at Luke 1:67.

1. To what does Zechariah's prophecy apply?

2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what promise did God make to his people? (b) Who is the strong advocate mentioned at Luke 1:69?

20

The Jews of Zechariah's day were already expecting the promised Messiah, and they knew that he would be Abraham's descendant from the royal line of David. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Why, then, did Jehovah repeat to Zechariah the mention of this mighty Messiah? (Matt. 3:16, 17) What a thrilling event that was!

3 The first-century Jews needed deliverance, but from what? We will be delivered from our enemies and from all those who hate us. (Luke 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus would deliver the Jews from Roman oppression? No, he would deliver them from their great oppressor, Satan. (Heb. 2:14, 15) Satan was responsible for enslaving all mankind, including the ancient Jews, to sin and death. (Deut. 3:10, 13) Hence, the Jews needed what Jehovah had promised through Zechariah - salvation through forgiveness of their sins. - Luke 1:77.

3. From what did first-century Jews need deliverance?

Like the Jews of Jesus' day, we are slaves to sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) In addition, Satan and his demons try to deceive us into turning away from Jehovah.

5 How did Jesus deliver us from those enemies? Let us consider how he delivered us from sin - first, by means of his teachings. During his earthly ministry, Jesus taught his followers how to worship Jehovah in a way that pleases him. Second, he gave his life as a ransom so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life. 2:1, 2) Jesus thus frees us from sin.

6 Since 1914, Jesus has reigned as King on the throne of his Father David. (Luke 1:32, 33) As King of God's Kingdom, Jesus has been ruling as King of God's Kingdom.

4. From what enemies do we need deliverance today?

5. How does Jesus deliver us from sin?

6. What will Jesus do as King? (See also picture.)

What is the meaning of life?

Jehovah's gift of salvation through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

(John 5:28; Rev. 22:1, 2) At the end of that year, the legacy of sin and death will be completely eliminated. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) Then, during the final test, Satan, his demons, and the humans who support them will be utterly destroyed. (Rev. 20:7-10) Finally, the righteous will be able to serve Jehovah completely free from sin, death, and opposition, and God will be praised forever for his indescribable gift of grace through redemption through Christ Jesus. - 2 Cor. 9:15.

A Proof That Our Religion Is True to God

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Zechariah explains that Jehovah's gift of the ransom allows us to render sacred service to God without fear. Our sacred service involves every aspect of pure worship. We render sacred service to Jehovah by preaching, praying, studying his Word, attending meetings, assemblies, and conventions.

8 What, though, does it mean to render sacred service to Jehovah without fear?

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what privilege did Jehovah give his people?

8. Of what should we not be afraid?

22 The Watchtower

(John 6:39, 40) Second, we do not have to live because we are sinners, but because we trust in Jehovah's love, in his ransom, and in the ransom sacrifice. - 1 John 4:9, 10.

9 Some may find it hard to believe that Jehovah is pleased with their service, perhaps because of an unpleasant experience in the past, or because of deep feelings of guilt over sins they have committed in the past, even asking Jehovah to forgive them, and even seeking the help of the elders.

10 Consider the example of a man who was taken to the hospital with a broken leg, treated by a doctor, then trained by a physical therapist to strengthen his leg and finally be able to walk.

(John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Do what you can to make a full recovery, including prayer, study, and other spiritual provisions. (Ps. 1:2; 1 Thess. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) As long as it takes time for a patient to recover, you can regain full confidence in Jehovah's love and forgiveness. (Phil. 3:16) And thank him daily for strengthening you to serve him faithfully. We thank God and Christ for the privilege of fearlessly rendering sacred service.

Our Responsibility to Live

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. Then Zechariah told him: "Go and prepare the ways for Jehovah". How did these words come about? When John grew up as a zealous preacher, he urged the Jews to repent, be baptized, and have faith in the coming Messiah.

9. How do some feel, and why?

What, then, should you do if you are still grieving over the sins you committed in the past?

12. How did John prepare Jehovah's ways? (Luke 1:76-79)

August 2026 23

If we accept God's gift and appreciate the privilege we have, we will be zealous in the precious work that has been entrusted to us

(See paragraph 16)

The Origin of Life - Five Questions Worth Asking

to follow Jesus, the Messiah. - John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John was eager to prove that Jesus was the Messiah by means of whom all men should be saved, because Zechariah had foretold that the Messiah would come at dawn.

14 Jesus did not shed light on the good news. Zechariah spoke of him when he prophesied that he would give light to those sitting in darkness and the shadow of death.

15 Today, as Christ's followers, we cherish the privilege of proclaiming Jehovah's message of salvation. In fact, preaching about Jesus' ransom and God's Kingdom is more important than ever.

13. What did Zechariah mean when he said that the Messiah would come at dawn?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples accomplish? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is the field ministry important today?

24 The Watchtower

(Matt. 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) Therefore, it is vital that we continue to preach the good news now. - Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:10.

16 Zechariah's words recorded at Luke 1:68-79 remind us of three things we value: God's gift of salvation, the privilege of fearlessly rendering sacred service to God, and the preaching of the good news. To join with us all who love God in his holiness and fearlessness, in righteousness and righteousness all our days. - Luke 1:74, 75

16. What are you determined to do? (See also pictures.)

PAGE 24: In the first picture, two sisters are preaching from house to house; in the second, a brother is preaching to a fellow worker while on vacation; and in the third, a sister is listening carefully to her classmates and teacher as she explains the evidence of a Creator.

In the words of Luke 1:68-79, . . .

■ what precious gift has Jehovah given us?

■ what opportunity does Jesus' ransom open up for us?

■ what important work have we been entrusted with?

Song 159 - Give Jehovah the Honor He Deserves

My Life Story

The Great Teacher Cares About Me

As told by Stephanie Landeroin

When I was younger, I was not educated. I was not well-educated. I did not want to be judged by anyone. I did not want to be judged by anyone.

I grew up in Paris, France, and was raised in an atheistic household where we were taught at school that there is no Creator, but that evolution is a process of evolution.

My parents were not impressed with the truth about religion, and I thought that it would be unthinkable to ridicule God's people.

But now I can tell you why I am so glad that a Creator cares for me in my infirmities.

When I was 19, I was drafted into the army, and I spent a year in French Guiana, South America.

When I was 20 years old, I returned to Paris, where I worked hard from Monday to Friday, and on the weekends, my friends and I drank and went to a party.

I was born in Paris, France, into an atheist family

What is the meaning of life?

poverty, oppression, injustice, oppression, and the destruction of the earth. I was deeply moved by these things, and I wanted to change. So I remembered South America.

I WANT to live in French Guiana

I returned to a remote village in French Guiana, where I had served as a soldier, and I thought I would be happier living in a quiet avenue.

At that time, someone gave me a Bible, and I read it in hopes of finding practical advice that would improve my life.

Some of my friends, who live in the forest and want to know the meaning of life, invited me to stay with them.

We have lived in the wilderness, in peace, in freedom, in quietness, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, in peace, and in peace.

I learned that we all live in harmony with one another - on a daily basis, on a weekly basis, on a monthly basis.

In the forest I saw the fruit of the field, and the fruit of the field was so abundant that I could count the number of its fruits.

A. A tent in the village called Unity

B. In the forest

A

B

I asked myself, "Why is there such a thing in the universe? " I wondered, "Why is there such a thing? " I wondered, "Why is there such a thing? " I wondered, "Why is there such a thing? " I wondered, "Why is there such a thing? " I wondered, "Why is there such a thing? " I wondered, "Why is there such a thing? " I wondered, "Why is there such a thing? " I wondered, "Why is there such a thing? " I wondered, "Why is there such a thing? "

But now, in order to find out God's will, I prayed with the sign of the cross, but I wondered, 'What is the name of the Creator?'

How We Get to Know Our Loving Father

One of my neighbors, a Witness, met me and gave me the book You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth.* I read it and was impressed by what I learned. I longed to live forever in paradise on earth, to enjoy peace on earth with my loved ones, and to be friends with this generous Creator who has such a wonderful purpose.

I realized that I needed to make changes in my life, but I could not do so on my own, so I asked my other uncle to arrange for me to meet a Witness missionary named Michel, who was studying the Bible with me.

The day I met Michel, he invited me to an assembly in Matoury, near the capital city of Cayenne, about a hundred miles [240 km] from where I lived.

One of the speakers discussed 1 Timothy 5:8, which clearly states that a good head of household provides for the needs of his household.

* Published by Jehovah's Witnesses but now out of print.

I learned the truth in French Guiana, got baptized in France, and now my wife and I are serving in New Caledonia

FRANCE

French Guiana

New Caledonia

On our wedding day

I was giving a talk in a Chinese-speaking group in 2006

As I saw how Jehovah cared for Michel, I became convinced that doing Jehovah's will was the most important thing in his life, but he was happy and happy.

For example, with the help of Bible study, I made changes in my life - I decided to quit smoking tobacco and weed - and immediately threw the remaining tobacco and weed into the fire.

A few weeks later, I left my village in French Guiana and returned to France, where I found a Kingdom Hall and began studying the Bible with the Witnesses. My parents saw that my life had changed dramatically. I had stopped smoking and drinking, and I had stopped going to those clubs.

I was baptized in 1996. I prayed to Jehovah to help me become a foreign-language speaker like Michel, and I felt that it was the best way to show Jehovah that I appreciated what he had done for me.

Our Father in the World Wants to Believe

I noticed that Claudine, a beautiful young woman in our congregation, was a zealous preacher, and her comments at the meetings showed me how much she loved Jehovah.

The following year, we both began pioneering. In time, we decided to learn Mandarin to help a group of Chinese brothers and sisters in the area. It was not easy for me to learn the language. Jehovah has blessed us abundantly during those years, and our efforts have prepared us for future assignments.

How We Came to Life

For example, I felt that my efforts to serve Jehovah and his brothers were futile, so I wanted to make my speeches special, so I spent too much time preparing them.

August 2026 29

With my wife; now serving as a circuit overseer in New Caledonia

(Rev. 7:16) I needed to understand that our loving Father, Jehovah, is pleased when we do our best and does not expect perfection from us.

In Paris, I was assigned to serve as a substitute circuit overseer. I felt immature and inexperienced, but I realized that Jehovah's spirit can help us to do more than we can do on our own.

I have also had other problems, such as being overwhelmed by health issues since I was a child, being overwhelmed by my hands, being overwhelmed by anxiety, such as giving public speeches at assemblies, and being comforted by praying to Jehovah to help me calm down.

In 2011, Jehovah fulfilled our longing, and we were assigned as missionaries to New Caledonia, a small island in the southwestern Pacific Ocean about 16,000 miles (16,000 km) from Paris. We had to learn to eat unhealthy foods, such as eggs, chickens, and dogs.

In addition to our missionary assignments, we served at Bethel, attended the School for Kingdom Evangelizers, and now serve as a circuit overseer. In all these assignments, we have seen how Jehovah used his holy spirit to help us. I have been a little overwhelmed by the presence of many, but with God's help I have been able to give encouragement and instruction to all the churches I have visited.

My wife, Claudine, helped me through all our trials, patiently supported us in every assignment, and was always willing to share in the preaching work.

At my first convention, I learned that Jehovah, the Grand Creator, always cares for his servants, and I was blessed to have put his service first in my life. With Jehovah's help, I learned how to obey governments and those in authority among his people.

30 The Watchtower

DO YOU know?

What was happening at the gates of ancient Israel?

TODAY, people enter cities through the gates, but because of the large number of people who pass through them, there are many events that take place there every day. The Bible describes cities more than 50 times and describes various events that take place there.

The Hebrew word for "gate" refers not only to a city gate, but also to the place where tents or enclosures were set up at the gates of the city.

Some of the gates in Jerusalem were probably named after things that were sold there, such as the Fish Gate and the Sheep Gate. - Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

(Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Some travelers crossed the streets near the city gates when no one was receiving them. (Ex. 19:15-21) Others went to the city gates to hear the news. - 2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

(Deuteronomy 21:18-20) Because of the public appearance of the case, the judges were unable to judge with partiality and fairness, and the judges were quick to execute judgments. (Deuteronomy 25:2) Both Jehovah and the people expected that the judges in the city would act with justice, integrity, and encourage others to do the same. - Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

There is a lot going on in the city every day.

Faithful servants of Jehovah urged the Israelites to rely on Jehovah from city to city, and the prophets and others proclaimed Jehovah's word from city to city because they knew that people were gathering there. (1 Ki. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, before the city gate, Jehu publicly proclaimed the fulfillment of Jehovah's prophecy against Ahab's household. (2 Ki. 10:8-10) King Hezekiah gathered his army officers at the city gate and encouraged them to rely on Jehovah. - 2 Chron. 32:6-8.

(Prov. 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, true wisdom is found in the Bible, and we are grateful to know that Jehovah's wisdom is found in the Scriptures and that his servants around the world are helping people to learn and find true wisdom.

August 2026 31

The Watchtower Reveals Jehovah's Kingdom

What is the meaning of life? August 2026 Vol. 147, No. 8 EWE

From this chapter

Study articles for October 5-11, 2

Do Not Believe Satan's LiesBut Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

Study articles for October 12-18.

You Can Fight Satan and the Demons!

Study articles for October 19-25.

Let Love Move You in All Things

Study articles for October 26 to November 1

Appreciate Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

What is the meaning of life?

The Great Teacher Cares for Me

You know what?

What was happening at the gates of ancient Israel?

What the Bible Says

A Tree That Brings Fruit Quickly

Among the trees is the fig tree, which grows in late January or early January, and its leaves are a little yellow or white, which is why it is called in Hebrew "White Tree". What difference does it have between the tree and its maker?

In the footnote to Jeremiah 7:25, Jehovah says that he wakes up early in the morning to mislead prophets. The March 15, 2011, issue of The Watchtower stated: "Just as the dew rises quickly, so Jehovah will, figuratively speaking, be quick to warn people about the consequences of disobedience, and he will continue to be faithful until his prophetic word is fully fulfilled". - Jer. 1:11, 12.

(Rev. 12:5) The golden candlestick cups in the temple may have been made in the image of a white man, depending on the appearance of the patriarchs. - Deut. 37:17-20.

It is part of a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary donations.

The cited passages are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org or scan this code on your computer

JW.ORG ®

w26.08-E